 Yep, they're back... and waste no time getting started! After a 3-year absence from recording, the Phat Band is back with their second effort, "XXL".  Once again, Gordon and his L.A. snipers have proven why they are the most compelling big band of the past 20 years. There are too many outstanding moments to mention on this CD, so I'll just give the highlights. Question: How does one give highlights when every tune burns? The CD opens with the up swing-shuffle tune "High Maintenance". This cut features burnin' solos by saxist Eric Marienthal and trombonist Andy Martin. Next, Michael Brecker contributes his customarily ridiculous playing on "A Game Of Inches". Pop star Brian McKnight weighs in, with friends Take 6, to pour soul all over the 1930's tune "Comes Love". Eddie Daniels is arguably the finest clarinetist on the planet, jazz or classical. He proves it once again on "Thad Said No". On "Hunting Wabbits", Gordon features the band - Warning: L.A.'s finest are playing at virtuoso level on this zany take on "Looney Tunes" music (with another "sick" solo by Andy Martin -- HANG ON!). A little later, lead trumpeter Wayne Bergeron checks in on his feature, "Horn Of Puente" - and takes it to the stratosphere! Next, Gordon features the band again on the Brian Setzer-ish "Jazz Police" (listen to bari saxist Jay Mason "honk" on this one). On "What Sammy Said", a tribute to the great Sammy Nestico, the BPB proves that it can put it in the pocket with the best of them (with great solos by trumpeter Bob Summers and saxist Brian Scanlon). The CD wraps with "Let The Good Times Roll". This tune features the legendary Johnny Mathis in fine form, while the band swings us home. It's nice to know that in an era when nothing seems to effect anyone anymore, Gordon Goodwin always manages to surprise -- and make us eagerly wait by our mailboxes. Genius-level charts, incredible guests, impeccable soloing, and the BPB's usual ridiculously tight ensemble playing make "XXL" an amazing sophomore effort. As they did with "Swingin' For The Fences", they have put all other big bands out there on notice. Gordon, you've done it again! A billion stars for this one! I love it!     