 System Shock 2 is hard to categorize, because it blends several genres and styles of games so well. It's a Role-Playing First-Person Shooter Science Fiction Survival/Horror game, with some extra twists here and there. If you wished Half-Life was more like Deus Ex, or you wanted to play the more violent and scary parts of Thief with 22nd century firepower, this is the game you want to play. Though it's getting a bit dated now, this game was far enough ahead of its time to still be very playable. Where the original System Shock made history as a remarkably immersive story-driven first-person shooter, the sequel goes even further with complex character development elements usually only seen in role-playing games. The graphics scale up smoothly enough to still look impressive on today's faster, higher resolution (and higher polygon count) displays, the sound is of sufficient quality to still be just as effective as most newer, more technically advanced productions, and of course, a great story is never obsolete. Once you get into a game this immersive, you forget about the technical details that may no longer be as cutting-edge as they once were. Just turn off the lights, plug in your headphones (or surround-sound if you have it), and try to stay alive. If you happen to forget that it's just a game, this one can really scare you. Definitely not for the faint of heart. The biggest flaw in this game is that the developers just didn't have enough time to fully flesh-out and polish some of the later parts.  Certain areas are just less expansive and detailed and finely-tuned than others.  The game doesn't significantly suffer from what's missing.  It just could have been that much better.   By far the most common complaint about this game is that the weapons break too fast.  Personally, I don't consider that a flaw.  I like the extra stress factor of having to keep an eye on the condition of my weapons.  Unlike most First-Person Shooters, your resources are very limited in this game.  Throughout most of the game, you will very rarely have enough ammo to stop worrying about making every shot count.  There are a limited number of weapons available, and if you keep firing one until it jams, you have to either expend other resources to fix it or deal with the fact that you have one less gun to work with. If you really don't like worrying about broken weapons, there is a way to reduce or completely disable weapon deterioration.  It's not a menu option you can switch on and off within the game, but the release notes file on the CD explains how to do it, and it's not difficult. One complaint I've heard about the end of this game is that there are two "final battles" at the end, and the second one is disappointingly easy.  I didn't feel that way because I recognized that the first final battle was the climax, and then when there was one more confrontation after that, I thought of it as more of an epilogue than a challenge.  This is something gamers just aren't used to, and the only other game I've played that had an "epilogue" after the final confrontation was Half-Life, which has been accused of having the worst ending of any game ever.  The ending of System Shock 2 isn't nearly that bad, but it can be disappointing if the relatively short final areas have left you expecting more. Unfortunately, due to the particular circumstances of the closing of the company that developed the game, Looking Glass Studios, it is very unlikely that there will ever be a third System Shock game.     