 This is the single best game I have ever played, but I am expecting even more from the upcoming sequel. The gameplay is extremely open-ended for a story-driven game. There are certain objectives that must be completed to progress the plot, but others are optional, and in all cases, exactly how you want to approach each objective is up to you. The overall plot of the game doesn't depend significantly on just how you complete individual objectives, but certain details do, including the way some NPCs react to you. I've played through this game four times so far, and there are still more possibilities I want to go back and explore. One of the things that impressed me most about this game was that all this freedom not only leads to emergent gameplay, it also manages to question the morality of the way the player chooses to play. I actually felt sorry for killing bad guys who could have just been knocked out with tranquilizers or a stun prod, especially after sneaking up close enough to overhear their conversations. For the first time, I found myself trying to determine which of the "bad guys" in a game "deserved" to die and which ones "thought they were doing the right thing." That's not to say that Deus Ex is all about morality and peaceful, non-violent solutions. That's just one possible approach to the game. If you prefer the Terminator approach, there's plenty of heavy-duty firepower to pull it off with, including assault rifles, flamethrowers, rocket launchers, and plasma rifles. And there are plenty of well-armed security guards, cybernetic soldiers, and giant heavily armored military robots to use them on. The role-playing aspects of Deus Ex are in many ways similar to those in System Shock 2. You get to choose your favorite weapons and choose which modifications to apply to them. You spend skill points to improve your various skills, including different combat skills for the various kinds of weapons, lockpicking and electronics skills to bypass security, and environmental training and medical skills to reduce or repair the damage you take. And you have to choose which nano-technological augmentations to upgrade yourself with. For example, you can choose to augment your legs to either move faster or move quieter, but not both. And your arms can be upgraded with either enhanced melee combat strength or enhanced lifting strength. Choosing a combination of augmentations, skills, and weapons to suit a particular style of play is part of what gives Deus Ex such vast replayability. A role-playing aspect that was conspicuously missing from both System Shock games was interaction with NPCs. Not everyone in Deus Ex wants to kill you. Some are allies, a few are friends, and many are just bystanders, going about their lives. The voice acting, with a few notable exceptions, is very good, and the writing is exceptional. The people respond to your actions as well as your choices of conversation in mostly reasonable ways, and you find yourself interacting with them, not just for some extra points or a shortcut to your next objective, but because it's interesting and fun to get involved in their little side-stories. Between the open-ended freedom of achieving each goal as you see fit, the role-playing of character interaction and style development, and just keeping track of all the different conspiracies tied together in the intricate plot, Deus Ex gives the player a lot more to think about than your average First-Person Shooter Role-Playing Game. Specifically regarding the Game of the Year Edition, not only is it the final release, so you won't have to worry about downloading and applying any patches, it also comes with an extra audio CD of remixes from the soundtrack. And yes, the soundtrack really is good enough for a seperate CD.     