 This is it.  The Phish centerpiece.  This CD is the studio CD equal to a live set peak.  It was this recording that clarified for me all that Phish was about...much more so that any online reviews or books or phan discussions could ever do.  I'm sure I could be argued out of saying this is their greatest recording, but let me say that it truly is a masterpiece.  Listen to song samples or find other reviews for song-by-song advice.  I'll just say that GHOST, GUYUTE, ROGGEA, MOMA DANCE and LIMB BY LIMB are incredible.  They juxtapose and speak to Phish's back cataloge of music as well as referring to their own former selves as if they walk side by side with who they were and who they will become.  They even refer to their next CD (JIBBOO).  THis CD is a hub, musically, personally, and spiritually for the band.  But to at least be fair, since anyone reading this might want to actually get a specific idea...think of Story of the Ghost as a tale of how the band experiences their creative soul and artistic muse through music and how it gets lost in the shuffle of life and how it is one's hope to "find" it again (GHOST).  It goes on to describe how the everyday realities and oppressive people and elements of life (BIRDS, MEAT) will alter and bury their own search for meaning, even going so far as to describe a state of artistic mute and/or hell (FIKUS, SHAFTY) from childhood (GUYUTE) through the present (ROGGAE)and the process of separating from these unwanted elements (LIMB BY LIMB)to finding you OWN reasons (BRIAN AND ROBERT) and inspiration (WATER IN THE SKY)to a resolve of confession to their audience (VELVET SEA) to a tandem final awareness that audience loves them even if they don't understand them (MOMA DANCE..moment ends...get it?) The GHOST theme...the muse itself and the hidden meaning in all their songs of loss and redemption, returns at the end to remind us that the entire CD is about this and how PHISH blend the influences of music, personalities and audience into a mix but never lose sight of their own ideas...hopefully passing them to us who listen. END OF SESSION...listen carefully...each phrase in that coda song reflects on a song on the CD as a bittersweet recap.   I could seriously talk for a solid year on these guys.  I'll shut up.  Suffice to say this CD is my conceptual favorite.     