 There are good summaries and critiques of this trilogy (and the fourth DVD documentary) that I won't simply repeat what other people have written.  I agree with almost every review here. I saw these films many years ago and only recently have I viewed them again on DVD.  To me this trilogy is the centerpiece of Bergman's films.  I can see Bergman's artistic trajectory leading up to "Through a Glass Darkly" and where his films would go beyond "The Silence."  The heart of this series, Winter Light, was actually the film I liked least until I saw it again last week...and finally understood it.  My two cents is simply that Bergman was in search of much more than his issues with religion.  I believe that this film trilogy does not separate the "religious" issues from "psychological/familial/secular" issues that many critics claim is so.  This trilogy to me is not the point where Bergman went from religion to humanism.  The Silence and Through a Glass Darkly are not different.  They both both question sources of meaning and sources of inspiration.  They both illustrate stuggles of individuals who seek meanings to their lives.  They both deal consequences.  Darkly concentrates on the horror of the woman who is the witness to the revelation of meaning and God, while Silence shows us the innocent boy who, quite unaware, embodies the love of God that the adult world around him has failed to embrace.  Winter Light is the core, the film that I believe is not only the heart of the trilogy but also a film that one can use to translate any of Bergman's films and ideas.  Where a priest is a failed craftsman/artist who cannot inspire with his art/preaching of God because he feels abandoned by what he stands for.  The woman who loves him is a teacher who cannot teach.  She fails to instruct him that she loves him and is painfully aware of her awkward and mute efforts.  Even her letter to him is monologue, not conversation.       Secular and Spiritual aspects of people are side-by-side with Bergman.  I feel it is one of his greatest frustrations that many have separated these issues in his films as being issues apart from each other.  They are entwined seamlessly. I too was convinced that Bergman's "religious" films and his "secular/psychological/familial" films were different paths of a great film maker and that they were related only in intensity.  Let me correct myself now.  They are the same.  Bergman was thinking outside of the artistic cinematic and personal spiritual box by merging them as a grand understanding of what humanity is.  In that sense, these films are not depressing or bleak.  They are almost the opposite to me.  I feel elated and intelligent when watching them because I do not feel lectured, dazzled, or talked down to.  I simply am amazed that Bergman nailed the very human feelings of searching for what we want to love so perfectly.       