 I know really nothing of the director or French Cinema to be sure, but this film attains a rare quality of being truly neutral and thus in connection with reactions to the film.  If it does not anger and delight and/or engage viewers then the film would have been a failure.  Yet as a piece of structure or tale of morality and journey it plays like an animated storyboard.    By maintaining a strange feeling of intimate fly-on-the-wall scenes with a very well-developed main character...the film manages to literally smash itself down in a horrible [...] at the end.  By showing this extreme the film maintains a middle ground although it is not quite the same as the neutral ground of a viewer who approaches the film feeling no sense of extreme.  My meaning is just that Fat Girl is a film much like the characters:  undeveloped, adolescent, hyper-focused, and radiant.  It has a style like a teenage consciousness is actaully telling the story, typically omitting meatier items like the parents.  In fact, the notion that a bleak, "whatever" kind of vacation would be the place for love suggests both extremley naive youth and/or jaded adult.  The physical embodiment and connection between adult and teen is Anais herself.  Formless and fat, she looks big as a grown-up and babyish as a toddler.  It is her perspective that we must see.  No other person could tell this tale properly because the Mother would be clueless and enraged while Elena is lost is such a pile of sexual romantic manure she rivals  a naked Snow White.  Even at the end, Anais keeps her identity as the sole individual voice that won't let teens or adults tell her anything.  [...]    Yet this film is seriously flawed.  If Anais is to be the narrator who can bear witness to and emotionally react to her sister and her exploits (compare the sex scenes with the scene of the two of them on the bed, giggling) then why was there not at least a similar moment with the mother?  Such a scene(s) would have actually supported Anais's character as the "bearer of weight" of the family and further explained her inability to wholly believe one side or the other as being anything but a paradox of messed up feelings and true one-on-one connection.  The movie has three characters...but the third really isn't the boy.  It should have been the mother.  Finally, why call Cronenberg?  Because the "collisions" between people, the possible and fearful dangers filmed on the highway while the mother is driving the daughters home, and the [...] scene accomplishes in 10 minutes what David Cronenberg's CRASH took 2 hours to do.  Random, I know.         