 This is the Phish CD to buy and listen to if you are new to their music.  In another incredible artistic move Phish have turned their career backwards and delivered a near PHISH 101 type of collection to map out their entire perspective on music.  "Ocean Sings" is their addressing the huge pool of music they draw inspiration from with heavy emphasis on 60s psychadelia.  "Grind" is their bonding song ala Barbershop quartet, "Undermind" is a direct statement to fans and themselves explaining their breakup...listen to it.  "connection" well, it's pop, it connects to the masses, it solves the problem of their obscurity but creates a problem in longtime fans wishing that success would not influence their style....The rest of the CD just needs to be heard.  Too much to write.  For those of you out there who follow the band...their hiatus was a withdrawal into themselves, to rekindle and rethink not only their music and individual ideas but mostly to examine the relationships in their lives.  Aside from the personal view which we can only guess at, the relationship they had with the many fans was the biggest issue in my opinion.  Did their continuation as a group seem to be headed into a healthy or unhealthy area in terms of CDs, shows, and what fans need and want from them.  Trey esspecially was in crisis over this and it yielded a lot of anger, confusion, and regret.  Yet is also produced some of the greatest music Phish ever made, with paradoxical themes and sounds clashing and merging with an incredible allegory of human soul-searching and thoughts.  Phish music is fluid and transistional.  The CDs and shows refer to each other, other's music, different versions of themselves at different times and us, the fans.  With GHOST it became the muse itself, allowing jams and songs to transform into giant monster tunes that eclipsed the starting point.  It is a heavy stew to eat and always has been, but at the end with Round Room and Undermind Phish created a finality that also becons for listeners to reverse and use their recent music as a tool to understand their entire catalog dating back to the 80s.  The subtext and lyrics along with great music make this an essential phenomenal CD to get and return to again and again.  The music is polished and crisp and very different from Round Room...which I also recommend.  Phish departed on top, both in their live shows and on their recordings.  Sorry to go on and on like that.         