 I was drawn to this scanner when I saw it at [local store].  THe sleek look, small footprint, and best of all, a built-in card reader. Fits right on top of the equalizer on my desktop,and doesn't weigh a ton.  Those are the good aspects.   Nothing but problems from the beginning.  Installation of the drivers and software was a nightmare, but finally I muddled through.  I had been using a PC with win98, Abit bx6v2 motherboard, 384 megs ram, P3-800, right after this scanner came out(a year or so ago?).  The computer would never detect the scanner unless I would unplug the DC cord from the back of the scanner and stick it back in.  Swithching off at the AC plug wouldn't do it, and I'm not sure why.  Tech support was little help, and they recommended reinstalling the software over itself, or some such thing that made no sense to me(it didn't work).  Took back to the store and got another one, same problem.  Fine, I only occasionally scan, so I can live with having to plug and unplug for detection until a patch comes out.  Guess what, no patch ever came out.  The website doesn't even mention the problem.  When undetected, device manager shows "unknown device" with a driver problem.  Later, in January 2002, I build a new box with an Epox 8kha+ mobo, Athlon XP cpu, win98SE, totally new 80 gig drive and new drivers and everything, and guess what, SAME problem.  What a crock this is.  I pull that little plug out from the back of the scanner, stick it back in, and the computer detects it.  I guess I'll just have to live with it.  I didn't return it for a refund because it has a card reader(and no competing products did at the time).  Any of this enough of a discouragement for you? Guess what?  Built another box using AMD 2500+, Biostar mobo with nForce2(a few months ago) and windows 2000....and still the SAME PROBLEMS.  Been noticing how the stores quit selling this one not long after it came out(I wonder why).  I definitely will not ever buy another visioneer product.  This one is stuck in the closet with all the other obsolete/useless hardware like old video cards and sb16s.     