 I've been playing Ultima games for several years. Played u7(both), u6, u4, uw1,uw2, and the dismal U8:Pagan and UO.  This is not a bad game, but it is a bad Ultima IMO.  It's clear that Lord British went the way of u8 and  forgot about the promises made in fans.txt in the u8 patch. The problem is  that we were led to believe that it would be something that it is not.  No  party, no female avatar, chase camera view like Tomb Raider, no npc  schedules, very tiny towns with a few npcs a la Diablo, very few side  quests not part of the main plot.....you get the picture.  This should have  been called "An Avatar Adventure," or something like that rather  than the grand finale to this series.  Read the Horizons bulletin board. As  for the game itself, the graphics and vistas and such are suitably  spectacular, though not really any better than Drakan.  Some,but not much  world interactivity.  It has graphic glitches and clipping problems all  over the place.  It is more bug-infested than a garbage can in summer;  random crashes, corrupted save games, you get the picture.  It is clear  that this was rushed out the door just before Christmas to make some extra  gold pieces for OSI.  Plus, ridiculously high system requirements.  Gamers  with pIIIs and even Riva Geforce and tnt2 cards are getting lousy  framerates making play quite a bit of drudgery.  It's clear that the D3D  support here is very poor. Those with voodoo3 cards apparently do the best.  Whether that changes with patch3 I dunno, I haven't downloaded it yet.   Play was marginally acceptable on my 128 meg system with a voodoo2. I could  say more, much more.  Don't buy from anywhere where you can't return it,  please. Gamespot.com said it best...most disappointing game of the  year. The game world is very small.  Regardless of what anybody says,  this game is quite linear, forcing you to go where the game wants you to go  next.  Not what I expected in an Ultima.  Indeed, doing stuff out of order  has been reported to 'break' the game and is not recommended.  Definitely  has the feel of an action/adventure and not a CRPG.     