 I bought this many years ago on a business trip and it sat on the shelf after I lost interest at the beginning of the book. But I decided to give the book another try, and alas, I could kick myself for having quit.  I've  read many fantasy books and authors, and this is, quite honestly, near to  the very best IMO. It is true that the beginning is quite slow, i.e., a  young castle scullion plodding along in the castle trying to stay out of  trouble, but soon he finds himself caught up in situations far beyond his  control and has to flee.  I suppose this is a coming-of-age tale, but it is  taking the main character a long time to "grow up."  This is not  necessarily bad in a long tale, and very realistic.  The book is definitely  not what I would call fast-paced, although there's some action. The main  plot elements are not given away early.  Characters don't know what they  neccesarily have to do at first. This book is one to be savored slowly, and  I didn't want it to end.  Without hesitation I ordered the rest of the  books in the series from Amazon.  Williams makes the world of Osten Ard  come alive, rich in detail and believable.   I had a good sense of the  culture of the world here, and had little trouble understanding the history  of the lands from what is presented in the book.  Things are presented in a  factual, logical manner.  The author doesn't just jump to other characters  in another location or time without indicating so or giving the reader  enough background information to "get" what he is trying to say.   I got a sense that the main character has a lot more to his background and  heritage than that of just a mere servant, but nothing is given away early  at all.  No romance, but this book has so much else in it..... there's a  strong depiction of utter hopelessness in the main character that I  identified strongly with.  There are character development, memorable  people, friendship, loyalty, betrayal, war, love between brothers turned to  hatred, evil, intrigue, treachery, etc.  There is so much to say in limited  space.  Interestingly, magic, while it is in the book in a few places, is  not overwhelmingly important.  This book was very enjoyable for me to read.   It did not require intense study to understand, but I am not sure anyone  other than a fan of fantasy literature would enjoy it. I might not  recommend it as a first fantasy genre book for someone to read.  I am very  much looking forward to the rest of the series.  Not every plot element is  totally oriiginal, but this book is so good that I can forgive that, and  understand that many authors are influenced by others.  Obviously, some of  the lands and cultures presented here are influenced by European history,  and others remind me of Eskimo.  This gave me some extra ability to relate  to the cultures from my own background. Cannot recommend highly enough.     