 For anyone who still does not understand why we are in Iraq today, may I suggest this fantastic book, written by a journalist who gave his life to allow us to really understand what is going on in Iraq. Before you believe all the hatred and negative analysis of the war in Iraq from the press, the America haters and the Islamofascits, read this book. This book allows us to understand what the man on the street (Cab Drivers here) really think of the American liberation of their country.  What do these liberals really know about life in Iraq before Saddam was toppled ? Did they actually talked to the people who had to endure his tyranny, his torture chambers, and his death squads? Did they talked to the people who were massacred by the thousands? Where were they when their appeals for human rights were so needed? Do they really undertand what is going on in the Middle East? Do they really believe that all we want is their oil? Have they talked to the soldiers who are putting their lives on the line for us? Do they really understand anything ? Or is it just cliches that they repeat over and over ?  Steven Vincent, right after 9/11, unlike the critics, decided to go to Iraq and live among the people who matter the most here. The people who are right in the middle of it. Sometimes he tells us comical stories, like the one time he was meeting the pompous Canadian star, or the Code Pink women's group. What is not funny though, is their total ignorance on historical facts and their stupidity, which is actually dangerous.  Before I read this book, I knew a lot about Iraq, I also understood the real consequences of not acting before the terrorists regained their strength, but I was not a 100% sure that liberating Iraq was really needed. Now, my mind is clear, and I support it 150%. America has a lot at stake here, and not only will we succeed, but we will participate in making the lives of 30 million Iraqis better and more secure. That is a noble cause enough for me.  Cindy Sheehan lost her son in the war. we are all very sorry for her loss, but he died a hero and he will be remembered, for ever, as one of the soldiers who gave his life for the protection of his country, for the liberation and the hope of millions of young Iraqi children. Because, you see, it is about the children and their future. One more thing here, for the children of Iraq freedom cannot have come sooner. Thank you Steven for your work of courage and for allowing us to understand what is really going on in Iraq. The terrorist took away his life, but they can't take away his words. God bless him.      