 Much of life consists of strategic interactions between two or more individuals. In many cases, each individual's choices will be constrained by what that individual expects others to do. Game theory provides formal  models of strategic interactions that simplify social settings by stripping  out irrelevant details. As such, the stories game theorists tell often seem  highly unrealistic. Yet, a theory is properly judged by its predictive  power with respect to the phenomena it purports to explain, however, not by  whether it is a valid description of an objective reality.  As Milton  Friedman put it, "the relevant question to ask about the assumptions  of a theory is not whether they are descriptively realistic, for they never  are, but whether they are sufficiently good approximations for the purpose  in hand." The claim of game theorists is that simple models allow us  to make powerful predictions about behavior. In "Bargaining  Games," management professor Keith Murnighan wrote what is still the  most accessible introduction to game theory. (Unfortunately, much of the  game theory literature is almost totally inaccessible to the  non-specialist--it is dominated by the sort of formal modelling some of us  refer to as "recreational mathematics.") The academic will find  much that is useful here, but so will anybody who wants to be a better  negotiator. Indeed, single most the striking thing about this text is its  combination of academic rigor and everyday practicality. To take but a  single example, consider Murnighan's treatment of prominent solutions to  indeterminate games. Suppose you were going to sell a used car. The seller  wants to end up with at least $10,000 for the car. The canny seller knows  that people are instinctively attracted to prominent solutions, such as  round numbers. The canny seller therefore sets a price of $10,650,  anticipating that the prospective buyer's first offer probably will be  $10,000--because that is the nearest (lower) prominent round number. They  will then end up somewhere in the middle, but the seller was assured of  making at least $10,000 on the sale. The book is full of little gems like  this one. In sum, highly recommended.     