 Stephen Ambrose is a competent historian and author with a knack for picking great stories. In "Nothing Like it in the World," he returns to the American West after many years writing about WWII. "Nothing Like It" picks up some 60 years after the Lewis & Clark expedition of which Ambrose wrote so well in "Undaunted Courage." In "Nothing Like It" Ambrose tells the story of the building of the Transcontinental Railroad. Surely Ambrose can be forgiven the hyperbole he uses to describe that railroad. Repeatedly, he describes it as the greatest engineering project of all time (what about the Great Wall, the Pyramids, the Chunnel?). If that is an extravagent claim, however, it is not far off the mark. After all, the railroad doubtless sped the development of the American West, sopped up lots of Civil War veterans who might otherwise have gotten into serious trouble, and helped ensure that the United States would remain united east and west. Yet, in some respects, Ambrose's description of the railroad's beneficial effects is surprisingly superficial. the sale of railroad securities, for example, created the modern American capital markets, yet their role in doing so is given little, if any, attention. In addition, the railroads were the first modern public corporations but the precedent of professional management they created is ignored in favor of sensationalist reporting on the "Big Four" and other magnates. Ambrose's incessant jingoism gets old. He disregards the extent to which British capital contributed to the railroads, for example, while emphasizing that American did it first and best. The surprisingly high number of factual errors is also annoying. The biggest boner probably is the statement on page 292 that "George B. McClellan's uncoded orders were captured by the Confederates before the battle of Antietam, giving Robert E. Lee a chance to read them." Sorry, but it was the other way round. Despite these flaws, however, "Nothing Like It" is still recommended. Ambrose writes well, the story is worth telling, and the race to the finish really does get quite exciting. The last third of the book really flies, even if the first third takes a while to get rolling. Wait for the paperback, perhaps, but do give it a go.     