 In their 1932 classic, THE MODERN CORPORATION AND PRIVATE PROPERTY, Berle and Means brought to popular attention the separation of ownership and control in U.S. corporations: shareholders exercised virtually no control  over either day to day operations or long-term policy; instead, control was  vested in the hands of professional managers. Separation of ownership and  control occurred, according to Berle and Means, because important  technological changes during the 1800s, especially the development of  modern mass production techniques, gave great advantages to firms large  enough to achieve economics of scale, which in turn gave rise to giant  industrial corporations. These firms could be financed only by aggregating  many small investments. Modern corporate governance scholars refer to the  consequences of separating ownership and control as agency costs, but Berle  and Means had identified the basic problem over forty years before the  current terminology was invented: "The separation of ownership from  control produces a condition where the interests of owner and of ultimate  manager may, and often do, diverge ...." In STRONG MANAGERS, WEAK  OWNERS, Mark Roe strikes out in a new direction, by attacking the origins  of the agency cost problem. The question Roe poses is the foundational one  of whether Berle and Means were correct in assuming that the separation of  ownership and control is an inherent aspect of large public corporations.  Roe contends that dispersed ownership was not the inevitable consequence of  impersonal economic forces, but rather the result of a series of political  decisions motivated by a fear of concentrated economic power. Investments  could have been channeled to industrial enterprises through large financial  intermediaries, such as banks, insurance companies, and mutual and pension  funds. Put another way, while it was necessary to aggregate and tap the  savings of large numbers of individual investors in order to fund major  industrial corporations, such aggregation could have taken place in  financial institutions specifically designed to provide savings  opportunities.  In turn, it would have been those institutions that  invested in industrial corporations. American corporate governance did not  evolve along these lines because the law created a series of obstacles to  financial intermediaries. If those obstacles had not existed, ownership  might not have fragmented and thus might not have separated from control.  The implication of this thesis, of course, is that while economic forces  shaped modern corporate governance, they did so within the parameters set  by law. As such, the governance structure of U.S. public corporations may  not be optimal in an absolute sense, but only relative to the set of  possibilities defined by our legal system.  Roe focuses on legal rules  preventing institutional investors from acting as financial intermediaries  between the investing public and the management of public corporations. The  first third of STRONG MANAGERS is devoted to a historical review of the  rules that preclude institutions from playing a significant role in  corporate governance. In the second third, he reviews recent developments,  which perpetuated the legal obstacles to governance activism by  institutions. In the final part, he addresses the essential policy  implication of his analysis: should the legal system encourage institutions  to take a more active governance role? One can quibble with portions of  Roe's historical argument. There is, for example, good evidence that  ownership and control separated long before most of the rules Roe blames  for the separation went on the books. At the very latest, ownership and  control of large corporations had separated by the middle of the nineteenth  century. In contrast, the rules with which Roe is concerned mostly came  into existence only after 1900. Granted, banks fragmented in the first  third of the 18th century, but a number of critical restrictions did not  come into play until the New Deal. Insurers were largely unregulated until  after 1906. Mutual funds, albeit long of little importance,  likewise were  essentially unregulated until the New Deal. Given this free market  environment, why did these or other financial intermediaries not step into  the economic niche opened when ownership and control separated during in  the early and mid-1800s? In other words, Roe has not proven that the  Berle-Means corporation would not have evolved in the absence of the  constraints on financial intermediaries he describes.  But, at a minimum,  Roe does demonstrate that politics did nothing to impede the development of  the Berle-Means corporation, perhaps facilitated its evolution, and  certainly helped sustain it by preventing financial intermediaries from  taking active governance roles.  In and of itself, that showing is a  formidable accomplishment and a valuable contribution to the  literature. Although the first two sections of STRONG MANAGERS are  notable in their own right, the book takes on importance mainly because of  the significance of the policy questions to which the final section is  addressed. Space does not permit one to do full justice to Roe's argument,  which is nuanced and well-crafted. Suffice it to say that relatively little  has changed since STRONG MANAGERS was published. Despite increased activism  in recent years, institutions still are mostly passive. Even the most  active institutional investors spend only trifling amounts on corporate  governance activism. Institutions devote little effort to monitoring  management, rarely conduct proxy solicitations, do not to try to elect  directors, and rarely coordinate their activities. And, perhaps, this is a  good thing. As Roe concedes, there is good evidence that bank-dominated  finance has harmed that Japanese and German economies by impeding venture  capital. Moreover, institutional investors may well abuse control by  self-dealing. Even if institutional investors are entirely self-less,  greater control on their part would still be undesirable if the separation  of ownership and control mandated by U.S. law has substantial efficiency  benefits. Here is where Roe and I part company-I suspect the Berle-Means  corporation has significant economic advantages over its alternatives; he  is skeptical. Perhaps only time will tell, as competition in increasingly  global markets puts various systems of economic organization to the test.  In the meanwhile, Roe's book belongs in the library of anyone interested in  corporate law or governance.     