 In his ambitiously titled book, "The Nature of the Common Law," Professor Melvin Eisenberg's stated goal "is to develop the institutional principles that govern the way in which the common law is  established in our society."  In doing so, Eisenberg addresses the  functions of courts in American society, modes of legal reasoning and the  process of overturning prior precedents. Yet Eisenberg never loses sight of  his central thesis, namely that "all common law cases are decided  under a unified methodology, and under this methodology social propositions  always figure in determining the rules the courts establish and the way in  which those rules are extended, restricted, and applied."   To say  that courts should and do rely on social propositions (such as moral norms  and public policy) in deciding common law cases is hardly new. Eisenberg's  contribution comes in mapping a coherent course between the Scylla and  Charybdis of modern jurisprudence. He explicitly rejects theories claiming  that some cases can be decided without reference to social propositions. On  the other hand, Eisenberg also rejects theories claiming that legal  reasoning is nothing more than a mask for the social and political values  of the decisionmaker. Any complex society needs an institution before which  claims based on existing societal standards can be heard. In our society,  that institution is the courts.  "If the courts resolved disputes by  reasoning from those moral norms and policies they think best, there would  be no institution to which a member of the society could go to vindicate a  claim of right based on existing standards."  Second, since the  judicial system is a peculiarly undemocratic institution, the legitimacy of  the adjudicative process requires courts to look to "existing legal  and social standards rather than those standards the court thinks  best."  Finally, prohibiting the courts from employing their personal  standards makes legal reasoning fairer and more easily replicable by the  profession. Common law adjudication thus is not merely the ad hoc  application of whatever social propositions a particular judge is taken by;  rather, he lays out institutional principles that constrain and guide the  adjudicative use of social propositions. According to Eisenberg,  adjudicators may only employ those norms or policies that "can fairly  be said to have substantial support in the community, can be derived from  norms [or policies] that have such support, or appear as if they would have  such support."  Two critical assumptions underlie this claim: (1) that  social morality is a meaningful concept;  and (2) that judges are capable  of discerning and effectively applying social morality. As space does not  permit one to do full justice to Eisenberg's defense of those assumptions,  suffice it to say that the argument is well-crafted and  even-handed. Eisenberg's second claim is that courts have a duty to  utilize only those social propositions that have the requisite degree of  social support. "By accepting and retaining office the judge  undertakes an ongoing commitment to carry out the rules of the  office," one of which is "a moral obligation to faithfully employ  the norms of social morality ... whether or not he privately agrees with  those norms."  One may be skeptical about the force of an oath of  office in constraining judicial discretion, but this is not the only arrow  in Eisenberg's quiver. A variety of corrective forces come into play when a  judge strays from those social propositions having the requisite degree of  support. From the aggrieved litigant's perspective, the best outcome will  be a reversal on appeal. Even if the decision stands, however, it may  nevertheless soon be consigned to the dust bin of legal history. Lawyers  will make a decent living arguing that the rule should be overturned or  distinguished in future cases. Commentators and other courts may point out  the decision's flawed reasoning. In extreme cases, the legislature may step  in.  In sum, common law decisions do not live in a vacuum. The wider arena  of legal discourse acts a significant check on judicial error, whether the  "error" is deliberate or accidental.  At first glance,  Eisenberg's thesis appears to create substantial problems of doctrinal  stability. He is unwilling, however, to make doctrinal propositions  entirely defeasible in the face of changing social propositions.  Accordingly, he constrains the use of social propositions by giving some  counter-balancing weight to the value of doctrinal stability. In areas  where parties are unlikely to plan their behavior based on existing  doctrines, doctrinal stability may be relatively unimportant and a court  should be fairly liberal in bringing out of whack doctrines back into line.  But in areas such as property and estates, where planning is common and  reliance on doctrinal stability is likely, courts should be more reticent.  In these latter areas, techniques such as signaling (in which the court  suggests that it will revisit the issue later) or prospective overturning  may be more appropriate than an immediate reversal of existing doctrine.   For readers persuaded by Eisenberg, or at least interested in seeing his  ideas play out, the book's only major flaw is likely to be its length: It  is too short. For example, I would have been interested in Eisenberg's view  of the claim that efficiency is the sole acceptable and/or the prevailing  norm in common law adjudication.  Perhaps the most glaring omission,  however, is Eisenberg's failure to discuss in more detail the relationship  of statutory interpretation to common law adjudication. Nonetheless, it  belongs in every common lawyer's library.     