 Because this is going to be a very negative review, I should perhaps establish my bona fides at the outset. I am a long-time Tom Clancy fan who has bought every one of his main books in hard cover going back to RED OCTOBER. I also have no patience for political correctness. Yet, after finishing Bear and Dragon -- a task I had put off for over a year after buying the book -- I must join the apparently lengthy list of former fans who were turned off by this book. Here's why: 1. Bloat: Clancy's editors must be terrified of his gun collection. This book sprawls across 1028 pages to tell a story that could be summarized in a couple of sentences. Repetition abounds--the claim that Mao was a pedophile is repeated at least half-a-dozen times. 2. The embarassing sex scenes. Before his divorce, Clancy used to pride himself on the absence of sex from his books. In interviews, he laid great stress on his Catholicism and always claimed the moral highground. He still claims that highground, with snide comments on the sexual pecadillos of Bill Clinton and Mao. Yet, he gives us several turgid sex scenes with such sparkling prose as the phrase "japanese sausage," which he uses to describe a male character's genitalia. A very high yuck factor. 3. The lack of realism. Of course, the US and its unlikely ally prevail. And without a scratch. And, of course, our technology works like magic. Yet, we now know from BDA from Kosovo and Iraq, that the fancy technology does not work as well as Clancy claims. And does he really expect to us to believe that China would invade Russia to get a gold mine? Or that a Vatican nuncio would conduct an Operation Rescue-like raid on an abortion clinic? Or that a covert operation would arrive at a nuclear missle site just in time to watch a missle launch (although I admit it will make a good visual in the movie)? And the list goes on. I'm perfectly willing to suspend disbelief for the sake of a good story, but this is beyond the pale. 4. The rampant racism. Even with my limited sensitity to political correctness, I was bothered by the incessant use of racist and sexist language. In sum, yuck.     