 PRINCIPLES OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE is decidedly not a restatement of what corporate law is, but rather a statement of what the drafters think the law ought to be. Worse yet, that statement ended up being badly mangled by  political compromises. The Reporters' Notes, however, can be useful  research tools. The American law Institute (ALI) is a nongovernmental  nonpartisan group of legal academics, prominent practitioners, and judges  best known for its justly famous Restatements of the law. The ALI prides  itself on being, in the words of its President, "analytical and  impartial."  In fact, however, the process by which the PRINCIPLES  took shape most closely resembled the rough-and-tumble politics of a state  legislature. Why were the PRINCIPLES so controversial? Perhaps in part  because the PRINCIPLES's early drafts marked a sharp break from existing  law, although that has been true of other far less controversial ALI  projects. Perhaps in part because the PRINCIPLES dealt with a business law  topic in which large sums are at stake, although that has also been true in  the past. Perhaps in part because an identifiable interest group's ox was  being gored, although that too has been the case in prior projects. One  telling difference is that this was the first ALI project to directly  threaten corporate managers' personal finances. Unlike commercial law  topics, which generally affect corporate managers' welfare only indirectly,  PRINCIPLES squarely addressed their exposure to personal liability. Worse  yet, the early drafts' substantive provisions threatened to increase the  scope of liability, while the procedural provisions were expressly intended  to make it easier for shareholder litigation to reach the merits of  management's conduct. Accordingly, corporate managers constituted a defined  group that was ready and willing to oppose the PRINCIPLES, with no opposing  group capable of resisting in an organized fashion. There seems no doubt  that business opposition to the PRINCIPLES affected the deliberations.  Prior to the ALI's 1992 annual meeting, for example, then-President Perkins  wrote that it was "critical that our final deliberations not be  subject to the charge of a skewed representation, weighted toward any  particular interest group."  That he felt it necessary to further warn  the membership not to vote unless they had "the stomach for voting in  a way that an important client might not like" strongly suggests that  at least some members did not leave their clients' interests at the  door. If this is the correct explanation for the controversy engendered  by the PRINCIPLES, ALI business in the future will probably go back to  normal. Any future work commercial and business law topics will necessarily  produce winners and losers. Interested parties undoubtedly will bring  influence to bear so as to avoid being in the latter category, but the  depth of feelings generated by the corporate governance PRINCIPLES is  unlikely to be matched. What then is the future of the PRINCIPLES itself?	 One result of the controversy over the PRINCIPLES was that the project's  recommendations typically moved away from the radical changes in law  proposed by early drafts towards existing corporate law standards.  Ironically, this evolution may cause the PRINCIPLES to lose influence.  Instead of moving the law in a given direction, much of the PRINCIPLES will  now serve as merely a glorified treatise with the ALI's imprimatur. At the  same time, however, those provisions that still represent a significant  departure from existing standards, are unlikely to have a significant  impact on the law's development.     