 To the uninitiated, the idea of corporate law academic scholarship doubtless sounds dry and boring. Yet, for those of us who labor in that vineyard, the scene is often reminiscent of Jutland or  Trafalgar--broadsides thundering among ships passing in the night. Over the  last couple of decades, a group of scholars working in the so-called  "law and economics" tradition have mounted a largely successful  hostile takeover of the corporate legal academy. Although both  traditionalists and leftists fought separate rear-guard actions against the  law and economics juggernaut for many years, the principal resistance is  now being offered by a group of (no longer quite so) young academics  loosely centered around the corporate law faculties of the Washington &  Lee and George Washington law schools. George Washington University law  professor Larry Mitchell brought together 10 of the most prominent of these  scholars in a collection of essays that, taken together, provides a useful  introduction to the genre. Reviewing a collection of essays is never  easy, but it is especially complicated here by the diversity amongst  PROGRESSIVE CORPORATE LAW's authors. In a very real sense, those scholars  are far more firmly united by what they oppose--Chicago School-style law  and economics--than by what they support. Nonetheless, at least some of the  authors are groping towards a common set of ideas, albeit one perhaps more  accurately characterized as "left communitarian" than as  "progressive" in the traditional sense of the latter term. The  left communitarian view of corporate law and governance posits that  relationships within the corporation are not arms-length market  relationships, but rather are based on trust and mutual interdependence. As  the story goes, this requires corporate decisionmakers to be sensitive to  the needs of all of a corporation's constituencies: Fair dealing requires  that intra-corporate relationships not be unilaterally abrogated to benefit  shareholders. In the interest of brevity, I focus on a single variant of  this argument, which we might term "stakeholderism." There has  been a longstanding debate over the notion that corporations ought to be  run so as to maximize shareholder profits. The corporate law communitarians  typically stand in the tradition claiming that corporations should be  responsive to the interests of various nonshareholder  constituencies--workers, consumers, and communities--not just those of  shareholders. (Note the parallels with the emphasis on stakeholders in Tony  Blair's version of the so-called Third Way.") Law and economics  scholars, in contrast, contend that nonshareholder constituencies are  adequately protected through contract and general welfare legislation and,  accordingly, corporate law should not provide them with extra-contractual  protections. Space does not permit one to do full justice to the  arguments on either side. Interestingly, however, the stakeholderist  traditions of both Germany and Japan are under attack. In Germany, the  combined pressure of high production costs and international competition  have encouraged large German firms to shift production abroad and led to  growing political pressure to deregulate German labor laws. Similarly, some  large Japanese firms appear to be shifting their focus to shareholder  wealth maximization. At bottom, however, stakeholderism ought to be  rejected because it is inconsistent with economic liberty. To be sure, one  cannot charge left communitarians with precisely the same statist faults  associated with old-time collectivists. Instead of nationalization, the  communitarians advocate regulation designed to protect nonshareholder  constituencies and, in particular, to encourage their participation in  corporate governance. But this is a difference only in degree, not in kind.  The left communitarian seeks to empower state-sponsored constituency groups  (such as labor unions or environmentalists) to exercise some as yet  ill-defined degree over control corporate decisions. As a societal  decisionmaking norm, the economic freedom to pursue wealth does more than  just expand the economic pie. A legal system that pursues wealth  maximization necessarily must allow individuals freedom to pursue the  accumulation of wealth. Economic liberty, in turn, is a necessary  concomitant of personal liberty-the two have almost always marched hand in  hand. The pursuit of wealth has been a major factor in destroying arbitrary  class distinctions, moreover, by enhancing personal and social mobility. At  the same time, the manifest failure of socialist systems to deliver  reasonable standards of living has undermined their viability as an  alternative to democratic capitalist societies in which wealth maximization  is a paramount societal goal. Accordingly, it seems fair to argue that the  economic liberty to pursue wealth is an effective means for achieving a  variety of moral ends.  In turn, the modern public corporation has turned  out to be a powerful engine for focusing the efforts of individuals to  maintain the requisite sphere of economic liberty. Those whose livelihood  depends on corporate enterprise cannot be neutral about political systems.  Only democratic capitalist societies permit voluntary formation of private  corporations and provide a sphere of economic liberty within which they may  function, which gives those who value such enterprises a powerful incentive  to resist both statism and socialism. Because tyranny is far more likely to  come from the public sector than the private, those who for selfish reasons  strive to maintain both a democratic capitalist society and, of particular  relevance to the present argument, a substantial sphere of economic liberty  therein serve the public interest. Although all the essays are worth  reading, I would venture to single out for special attention David Millon's  introductory overview for its even-handed treatment of the contending  perspectives, William Bratton's provocative essay on the role of honor in  the duty of loyalty, Eric Ort's careful critique of multinational  corporations, and Marleen O'Connor's thoughtful analysis of employee rights  in plant closings.     