 Leibowitz and Margolis tackle one of the central problems in modern antitrust economics: Can inferior products prevail in competition? If so, can the producer of such products achieve a monopoly? Standard neoclassical  economics denies that either outcome is possible. Economic evolution tends  to favor efficient equilibria, while inefficient local equilibria tend to  become extinct. Two fashionable economic theories have been advanced,  however, which claim that inferior products can not only prevail in  competition but also achieve monopolistic status. Path dependence claims  that inefficient local equilibria can persist over time. Initial  conditions, which may be determined by chance or other non-economic forces  (such as political interests), direct the system down a particular path.  Subsequent deviations from that path may be precluded as too costly, even  if there are more desirable or efficient alternatives available. Where the  cost of reversing the initially chosen starting point or conditions is  especially high, an inefficient equilibrium may result that resists  correction by market forces. Network externalities is the other key  element of the inferior product lock-in story. Some products become more  valuable as the number of persons using them increases. Each person who  adopts the product thus confers positive externalities on other users.  Personal computers (PCs) are a commonly cited example of this phenomenon.  The value of Microsoft's Windows operating system, for example, depends in  part on how many people use it and thus create markets for compatible  hardware and software. The more people who use Windows, the larger the  market for ancillary products becomes, thus encouraging the development of  more ancillary products of higher quality and lower price. The claim made  on behalf of the combined effects of path dependence and network  externalities is that one cannot depend on markets to get it right.  Arbitrary initial starting conditions favor an inferior product. That  product generates network externalities. As the number of users of the  product rises, the size of those externalities increases, which gives the  inferior product a huge competitive advantage. Eventually the network  product achieves a "lock in" effect. At that point, path  dependence kicks in. It becomes too expensive to switch to a new product  even though that product is superior. Hence, the inferior product  prevails. In WINNERS, Stan Leibowitz and Stephen Margolis popularize  their well-known (among economists) work debunking these fashionable  theories. An important theoretical contribution, albeit one which is likely  to be of interest only to economists and economically-minded lawyers, is  the distinction they draw between "second-degree" and  "third-degree" path dependence, which is driven by the  availability of a feasible alternative to the suboptimal equilibrium. Only  if such an alternative is available, does the phenomenon in question  demonstrate true path dependence. Only if such an alternative nevertheless  remains not taken, can the phenomenon in question even potentially be  deemed inefficient in either the Pareto superior or Kaldor-Hicks  sense. Of greater interest to general readers will be WINNERS' debunking  of several urban legends about path dependence and lock-in. Several now  famous lock-in stories are reviewed, most notably the QWERTY keyboard and  the VHS videotape format. Leibowitz and Margolis thoroughly debunk both  stories. As for the supposed superiority of the Dvorak keyboard over the  prevailing QWERTY model, for example, they show that the studies on which  the claim of Dvorak's superiority was based were flawed. Drawing on  evidence from ergonomic studies, computer simulations, and training  experiments, they find that the Dvorak keyboard offers no significant  advantage over the QWERTY model. Hence, the QWERTY fable (as they call it)  does not even demonstrate second-degree path dependence, let alone the real  thing. Of primary interest to the general reader, however, will be  Leibowitz and Margolis' extension of their argument to the antitrust case  against Microsoft. The success of Microsoft's Windows operating system over  alternatives such as Mac or OS/2 is frequently attributed to a network  externalities/lock in story. Assume for a moment that the lock in story is  true. It is not clear what the antitrust implications ought to be.  Antitrust historically was justified by concerns that monopolies are  harmful: they result in lower output and higher prices than competitive  markets. It is not at all clear that this is true of software markets. Even  if it were true, the positive externalities that result from the network  effect might well outweigh those costs. Hence, a monopoly created by  network effects arguably ought to be deemed a natural monopoly and, as  such, tolerated by the antitrust laws. (The use of a natural monopoly in  one market as leverage to monopolize a second one, as Microsoft is alleged  to have done, of course, cannot be so justified.) If Leibowitz and  Margolis had limited their arguments to these points, the book would not  have been controversial. (It also wouldn't have sold as well or gotten the  attention it so richly deserves.) Instead, however, they try to debunk the  claim that Microsoft's products are inferior ones that prevail only because  of their network effects and path dependence. Here, I think they are on  weaker ground than in either the QWERTY or VHS examples. Their primary  empirical evidence on the quality of Microsoft products is software reviews  in leading computer magazines with respect to a comparative handful of  product markets. This is one plausible measure of quality, but surely it is  not the only one. (I have often wondered whether the volume of advertising  in those magazines effects their editorial content, for one thing.) Hence,  it seems to me, that they overstate the case when they assert their data  prove that Microsoft prevails in market competition because it makes high  quality products that it sells at low prices. Having said that, however,  this is an incredibly important and remarkably accessible introduction to  the key economic principles that underlie the software markets.     