 Although Harry Turtledove is probably best known for his World War series, the Civil War series that began with HOW FEW REMAIN is doubtless his greatest work. The back-story for this series is a plausible world in which Lee's plans for the 1862 invasion of Pennsylvania did not fall into Union hands. After battles at New Cumberland and Camp Hill in which Lee crushed the Army of the Potomac, leaving Washington cut off, England and France intervene--forcing the North to sue for peace. In HOW FEW REMAIN, the story picked up in 1881 when the North declared war on the Confederacy following the latter's purchase of Chihuahua and Sonora from the Empire of Mexico. Following another British and French intervention, the Confederacy was again victorious. The Union is left embittered and hungry for revenge. At the end of HOW FEW REMAIN, Turtledove foreshadowed the four volume GREAT WAR with clear hints of an emerging alliance between the Union and Imperial Germany. In AMERICAN FRONT, the story picked up in 1914. World War I has broken out in Europe. The Union and Imperial Germany are staunch allies, while the Confederacy remains allied with England and France. In short order, the Union and the Confederacy plunge into a war paralleling that in Europe. The war doesn't make a lot of sense. In World War I, all of the European players had clear war aims. The war turned out to be a tragic folly, but they all knew why they went to war. In contrast, it's not clear why the Union and Confederacy are fighting (old animosities?) or what their respective war aims are. Does the USA believe it can conquer and reabsorb the Confederacy? Perhaps this is Turtledove's point - the utter folly of war. If so, his story powerfully illustrates the utility of George Washington's advice that the US steer clear of "entangling alliances" with European powers. As was made even more clear in volume 2, WALK IN HELL, privation and radical social change are the war's only sure outcome.  Volume 3, BREAKTHROUGHS, brings the story forward into 1917. As usual with Turtledove, there are a lot of sub-plots to keep track of - at least a dozen! Crib notes are almost a necessity. Yet, some plot lines that in prior novels seemed needlessly duplicative now begin to show clear distinctions. Consider the McGregor and Galtier sub-plots. Both are based around oppressed Canadian families living in territories occupied by US forces. The McGregors are resistance fighters, while the Galtiers fell (more or less by accident) into being collaborationists. I still think Turtledove, however, would have done better to combine these separate plot lines into a single one, in which the conflict could have been established within a single family, heightening the tension.  Without revealing too many spoilers, I want to note that a couple of predictions made by this reviewer's comments on prior volumes have come true. First, Turtledove still cannot write sex scenes but persists in foisting a couple on us per novel. The cuckoldry of one of the viewpoint characters is certainly the sort of thing that happens in wartime, but Turtledove's turgid purple prose is still off-putting. Second, as I predicted, Jake Featherston has clearly emerged as a proto-Hitler. So now for my next predictions: The final volume will develop themes of economic privation and social breakdown (think Weimar Germany). A major theme will be Featherston's rise to power as a racist demagogic leader planning a pogrom against blacks. And we'll be buying yet another tetralogy-this time dealing with WWII. The next tetralogy likely will end in southern defeat, although maybe not reunification. In creating the GREAT WAR world, Turtledove thus far has stuck pretty close to the plot line of the Franco-German wars, with the Union playing France's role and the Confederacy that of Germany. In HOW FEW REMAIN, the Confederacy won a short war pretty easily, just as the Kaiser on the Franco-Prussian war. In the GREAT WAR, the south will lose a bloody war, just as the German Empire lost WWI. If Turtledove sticks to form, the south will lose the next war too. Anyway, this is alternative history at its finest. Turtledove is not the greatest stylist in fantasy, and spreads himself too thin across too many books for real quality, but he is a consistently imaginative and capable storyteller. He has the guts to kill off major viewpoint characters, which few other series authors do. One becomes invested in the story and eager to find out how it comes out. Recommended, although U subtract one star for the awful sex scenes.     