 The Black Company is one of the great creations of modern fantasy. In a genre in which most stories are starkly black and white--really great good guys and really bad villans--the Black Company (contra its name) lives in grey. In a genre in which heroes are all-knowing and all-powerful, the Black Company is filled with fallible, vulnerable humans. Yet, they nevertheless are the baddest outfit around. Remember how we reworked Psalm 23 back in the '60s? "Yea, though I walk through the Valley of the Shadow of Death, I shall fear no evil--for I am the baddest SOB in the valley!" That could be the Black Company motto. One of the things I like best about Cook's novels is that the story line is more important than the individual characters. There are no Gandalfs here--no all-powerful wizards (who never seem to do anything with their power) that are all-knowing and all-good. (The bad guys come closest and even they can be killed...eventually...if you try hard enough.) There is an over-riding sense of reality to the series: Characters screw up--just like in real life. Characters die--just like in real life. Good guys turn bad--just like in real life. Bad guys turn out to have socially redemming qualities--just like in real life. Black Company is the first novel in the opening trilogy of what has become "The Saga that Would not End." I am not a big fan of never-ending stories, but must admit that Cook does it better than most. In any case, the opening trilogy is pure joy--highly recommended. "Black Company" tells the story of how the Company came into the service of Lady, a sorceress of great power who rules a purportedly evil empire in the northern part of the Company's world. Should the Company serve evil? Do they have a choice? One of the striking things about the Black Company is Cook's notion of honor. The Company's code of ethics is focused almost wholly inwardly. Honor vis-a-vis the outside world consists of keeping one's contracts. Otherwise, honor is focused on one's relationships within the Company. This is both the Company's greatest strength and also its greatest weakness. A critical element of the series is the Company's gradual coming to grips with the nonsustainability of its ethical structure.     