 The premise is sound: take a bunch of the most prominent Anglo-American historians, most of whom are also excellent writers, and ask them what might have happened if some event in their area of expertise had come out differently. The title's claim that the book brings together "the World's Foremost" historians is obvious puffery--no non-Anglo-American historians are represented. The formula followed by most of the essays in "What If?" is to take some pivotal event in history, describe what really happened, and ask how that event might have come out differently. In general, you don't get a lot of speculation about what would have happened next. Thomas Fleming's essay "Unlikely Victory" focuses on 13 ways in which the colonies might have lost the American Revolution. Fleming doesn't give you much speculation about what would have happened in a world in which the colonies law. Put another way, you don't get a lot of alternative history here; instead, you get a lot of speculative history about specific events. To be clear, I am not identifying this as a flaw, just trying to be clear about what you're going to get. As with any collection of essays, "What If?" is something of a mixed bag. Some of the essays are really quite good. Fleming's "Unlikely Victory" really does a good job of identifying 13 ways the colonies could have lost. Moreover, Fleming doesn't push the analysis beyond the bounds of plausibility. Fleming concludes that some of his 13 ways, for example, were more likely to end in stalemate than outright British victory. The logistical and political problems faced by the British make it hard to imagine they could have won a clearcut victory. In contrast, John Keegan's essay on how Hitler could have won World War II struck me as far less plausible. Keegan speculates that in lieu of attacking Russia, Hitler could have struck through Anatolia into Iraq and maybe even Persia. I very much doubt whether Germany had the logistical infrastructure to support an attack of that magnitude over such great distances. Moreover, would it have been advisable for Hitler to expose such an extened flank to the Soviet's south? Surely a more plausible scenario is an August 1940 invasion of Britain. On balance, however, the bulk of the essays reward reading. James McPherson is one of my two favorite Civil War historians (Shelby Foote is the other.) He assumes that the order for Lee's 1862 invasion of Pennsylvania did not fall into McClellan's hands and Lee is able to outflank McClellan, draw him out of Washington, and beat him decisively (at Gettysburg no less!). Britain and France threaten to intervene, forcing the Union to acknowledge Confederate indeependence. The essay is plausible and well-written. (It also uses the same plot devices as Harry Turtledove's excellent alternative history of the Civil War--i.e., the non-lost order of 1862.) Victor Davis Hanson's essay on the Battle of Salamis was also quite interesting. The Persian invasion of Greece in 480 BC really was one of the pivotal events in the history of the West. It was also a very close-run thing--closer in fact than most of the other events analyzed in "What If?" I have read several accounts of Salamis, but Hanson's is probably the best--clear, well-written, and succinct. I especially liked Hanson's thoughtful analysis of Salamis' implications for the evolution of democracy. The Athenian land forces were dominated by elites--men of property. The navy was comprised mainly of the lower levels of society. Hanson plausibly claims that as a naval victory Salamis was a victory for democracy. With the navy in ascendancy, the polity had to expand. In sum, highly recommended. You probably won't want to read "What If" in one sitting. Instead, I like to dip into it periodically to read an essay or two. Most of the essays are pretty short, so this approach works well. You won't enjoy all the essays, but you'll enjoy enough to make the purchase price well worth paying.     