 Newt Gingrich as novelist? Revolutionary? Sure. Ideologue? You bet. Philanderer? Probably. But novelist? Surprisingly enough, Gettysburg turns out to be one of the best alternative military history novels I've read in ages. Sure, the "what if Lee had one at Gettysburg?" is the oldest cliche in alternative history but Gingrich and Forstchen have turned in a winning variant. After day 1 at gettysburg, Lee is persuaded by Longstreet to pull out and do a long march around Meade's flank to get astride Meade's line of communications with Washington. It is Second Manassas all over again. I will refrain from any additional spoliers, except for noting that Westminster, Md., burns. As someone who went to college in that burg, I always thought it could stand a good burning! The writing style is clear, if a bit MTV-ish in its rapid scene cuts, and maps make the action easy to follow. (Harry Turtledove, please take note of the utility of maps!) It's impossible to know how much credit to give Gingrich as opposed to Forstchen (or a third contributor, one Albert Hanser, who is identified merely as a "contributing editor"). But it works, which is what really matters. The old cliche "un-put-downable" is really true here -- I stayed up until 1:30 am reading it. This is the first book in a planned trilogy. The obvious comparison is with Harry Turtledove's civil war series. (Not Guns of the South, which is entirely separate, but rather the series that started with "How Few Remain.") Its been pretty easy to spot where Turtledove is going: he's just rewriting the First and Second World Wars on American soil. In contrast, it is hard to tell where Gingrich and Forstchen are going. In real history, the North had such an overwhelming superiority in manpower, industrial output, and railrod lines that the South had no real chance. All Lincoln had to do was find a general who "understood the mathematics." Gingrich and Forstchen clearly know this: several characters make reference to these advantages at several points in the novel. But why write three books of alternative history to get to the same point as real history -- a Union victory -- by a different route? Anyway, it should be an interesting ride.     