 My 4 star rating of Victors is highly provisional, as this is one of those books for which a numerical rating system is inadequate. If you have not  read any of Stephen Ambrose's World War II books, this volume will be an  excellent read and will deserve 4 stars for reasons set out below. If you  have read any one of Ambrose's other World War II books, you will recognize  a lot of the material. If you have read two or more of Ambrose's World War  II books, you will feel quite ripped off. As a historian of World war II,  Stephen Ambrose has two great accomplishments. First, there was his superb  biography of Eisenhower, based in large part on extensive interviews with  Ike. Second, there is the vast number of interviews he has conducted with  ordinary GIs. Those interviews were the basis of Citizen Soldiers, D Day,  and Band of Brothers. Victors consists almost entirely of material  recycled from Ambrose's earlier works. Having read all of those books (I am  a big fan), nothing in Victors stuck out as new. Instead, this is at least  the fourth time I've heard the story of Easy Company. Having bought the  book in an airport bookstore (sorry Mr. Bezos), I spent the plane ride  getting madder and madder as I realized how redundant this book is. The  publisher really needs a less misleading cover. So if you've read two or  more of Ambrose's World War II books, don't waste your time or money. If  you only want to read one Ambrose book, I would recommend Victors. Unlike  his Eisenhower biography, Victors gives you a real sense of what life was  like for GIs. Unlike Citizen Soldiers, you get a better sense of what  Eisenhower was like. Best of both worlds. Some quibbles: First, if we  think of the Allied Armies in Europe as a large bureaucracy (as Ambrose  does in spots), Victors gives you a distorted picture. You get a lot of  information about Eisenhower and lot of information about GIs and junior  officers. But we learn almost nothing about the middle of the  bureaucracy--the generals and colonels. Imagine somebody who wrote a book  about General Motors that talked about the CEO and the factory workers, but  never said a peep about the middle management. Would that make  sense? Second, the Eisenhower--Montgomery conflict gets less attention  than it deserves. In part this may be because Ambrose spends so little time  on Bradley and Patton, who also fought with Montgomery. But given that the  alliance almost fell apart because of the American commanders' conflicts  with Montgomery, it is a major omission. Third, the important  contributions of the Russian Army to victory in Europe are ignored. You  could make a plausible case that any book called "The Victors"  ought to be subtitled Zhukov and his Boys. It would not denigrate the great  accomplishments of Eisenhower and the soldiers who served under him to  recognize that the Red Army both took and inflicted more casualties than  the U.S. army. indeed, Eisenhower himself reportedly said that D Day could  not have occured if the Russians hadn't tied down 5 million german troops.     