 In RANDOM WALK DOWN WALL STREET, Burton Malkiel sets out the basics of modern corporate financial theory in a way accessible to the law reader. As a teacher of corporate finance to law students, I have recommended this  book to my students for over 10 years. Numerous alumni have told me that  was the best advise they got in law school (a sad commentary on American  legal education, but that's another story). Two basic theories are  expounded here. First, modern portfolio theory (MPT), which elucidates the  relationship between risk and diversification. Because investors are risk  averse, they must be paid for bearing risk, which is done through a higher  expected rate of return. As such, we speak of a risk premium: the  difference in the rate of return paid on a risky investment and the rate of  return on a risk-free investment. In the real world, we measure the risk  premium associated with a particular investment by subtracting the  short-term Treasury bill interest rate from the risky investment's rate of  return. The risk premium, however, will only reflect certain risks. MPT  differentiates between two types of risk: unsystematic and systematic.  Unsystematic risk might be regarded as firm-specific risk: The risk that  the CEO will have a heart attack; the risk that the firm's workers will go  out on strike; the risk that the plant will burn down. These are all  firm-specific risks. Systematic risk might be regarded as market risk:  risks that affect all firms to one degree or another: changes in market  interest rates; election results; recessions; and so forth. MPT  acknowledges that risk and return are related: investors will demand a  higher rate of return from riskier investments. In other words, a  corporation issuing junk bonds must pay a higher rate of return than a  company issuing investment grade bonds. Yet, portfolio theory claims that  issuers of securities need not compensate investors for unsystematic risk.  In other words, investors will not demand a risk premium to reflect  firm-specific risks. Why? There is a mathematical proof, which relates to  variance and standard deviation, but Malkiel explains it in a way that is  quite intuitive. Investors can eliminate unsystematic risk by diversifying  their portfolio. Diversification eliminates unsystematic risk, because  things tend to come out in the wash. One firm's plant burns down, but  another hit oil. Thus, even though the actual rate of return earned on a  particular investment is likely to diverge from the expected return, the  actual return on a well-diversified portfolio is less likely to diverge  from the expected return. Bottom line? If you hold a nondiversified  portfolio (say all Internet stocks), you are bearing risks for which the  market will not compensate you. You may do well for a while, but it will  eventually catch up to you (as it has recently for tech stocks). The  second pillar of Malkiel's analysis is the efficient capital markets theory  (ECMH). The fundamental thesis of the ECMH is that, in an efficient market,  current prices always and fully reflect all relevant information about the  commodities being traded. In other words, in an efficient market,  commodities are never overpriced or underpriced: the current price will be  an accurate reflection of the market's consensus as to the commodity's  value. Of course, there is no real world condition like this, but the  securities markets are widely believed to be close to this ideal. There are  three forms of ECMH, each of which has relevance for investors: **Weak  form: All information concerning historical prices is fully reflected in  the current price. Price changes in securities are serially independent or  random. What do I mean by "random"?  Suppose the company makes a  major oil find.  Do I mean that we can't predict whether the stock will go  up or down? No:  obviously stock prices generally go up on good news and  down on bad news. What randomness means is that investors can not profit by  using past prices to predict future prices. If the Weak Form of the  hypothesis is true, technical analysis (a/k/a charting)-the attempt to  predict future prices by looking at the past history of stock prices-can  not be a profitable trading strategy over time. And, indeed, empirical  studies have demonstrated that securities prices do move randomly and,  moreover, have shown that charting is not a long-term profitable trading  strategy. ** Semi-Strong Form: Current prices incorporate not only all  historical information but also all current public information. As such,  investors can not expect to profit from studying available information  because the market will have already incorporated the information  accurately into the price. As Malkiel demonstrates, this version of the  ECMH also has been well established by empirical studies. Implication: if  you spend time and effort studying stocks and companies, you are wasting  your time. If you pay somebody to do it for you, you are wasting your  money. ** Strong Form holds that prices incorporate all information,  publicly available or not. This version must be (and is) false, or insider  trading would be profitable. In the last section of RANDOM WALK, Malkiel  distills all this theory into an eminently practical life-cycle guide to  investing. As one may infer, it has two basic principles. First,  diversification. Second, no one systematically earns positive abnormal  returns from trading in securities; in other words, over time nobody  outperforms the market. Mutual funds may outperform the market in 1 year,  but they may falter in another. Once adjustment is made for risks, every  reputable empirical study finds that mutual funds generally don't  outperform the market over time. Malkiel's recommendation: put your money  into no-load passively managed index mutual funds. You will see lots of  anonymous reviews of RANDOM WALK claiming Malkiel is wrong. Odds are, most  of those folks are have either been misled by the long bull market or, even  more likely, are brokers or other market professionals who make a living  selling active portfolio management. In sum, buy it, read it, believe it,  and practice it.     