 Harry Turtledove's first Civil War alternate history, GUNS OF THE SOUTH, was more fantasy than true AH. Its premise was a time machine that only  allowed one to go back in history exactly 150 years. A group of disgruntled  Afrikaners went back in time to equip Robert E. Lee's troops with AK-47s.  Yeah, right. In contrast, HOW FEW REMAIN is true AH-blessed with a far more  plausible premise. The prologue is set in 1862, setting out the back-story:  Lee's plans for the 1862 invasion of Pennsylvania do not fall into Union  hands. As such, Lee is able to fight a campaign of maneuver that culminates  in a major victory at New Cumberland, Pa. After which, Britain and France  intervene, forcing the Union to grudgingly accept a negotiated peace. The  main story picks up in 1881. In the peace settlement, the Confederacy  picked up not only their core states but also Kentucky and the Indian  Territory (Oklahoma). Yet, the CSA lacks access to the Pacific. To solve  that problem, CSA President Longstreet has negotiated a purchase of  Chihuahua and Sonora from the Empire of Mexico. The USA, which is spoiling  for a rematch, decides to treat that purchase as a casus belli. HOW FEW  REMAIN is the story of the war that follows-the Second War Between the  States. (My American History teacher back home in Virginia would have  called it the Second War of Northern Aggression.) As usual with Turtledove,  there are a vast number of sub-plots to keep track of, but the book is  replete with nice touches that strike me as plausible: **The CSA had  absorbed Cuba, a longstanding goal of the southern states before the Civil  War. **An embittered Abraham Lincoln still leads the radical wing of the  Republican Party, but has begun flirting with socialism. **President  Longstreet-after the Civil War Longstreet became active in Republican  politics (of all things). the idea that he would become the CSA's president  is thus plausible, as is his pragmatic views of race. **Longstreet decides  the CSA must free its slaves so as to ensure British and French support. In  the real civil war, popular abolitionist sentiment was a major factor in  those power's failure to intervene (especially true of Britain). **Teddy  Roosevelt raises a volunteer regiment to fight the Anglo-Canadians. Just as  he raised the Rough Riders in the Spanish-American war. **The immigrant  industrial proletariat of a more embittered and economically impoverished  USA prove more receptive to socialism than did US workers in our time-line.  **German military attache Alfred von Schlieffen sees in Lee's 1862 campaign  the model for what becomes Imperial Germany's Schlieffen plan for the  invasion of France...a sweeping hook around your main target to cut it off  and defeat the foe's army in the field. (Norman Schwartzkopf used the same  strategy in the Gulf war.) If there are flaws with this book, they are  few: (1) One sub-plot focuses on Sam Clemens as a San Francisco newspaper  editor. This proves a slightly hackneyed plot contrivance designed to let  Turtledove give us the big picture. Yet, the absence of such a big picture  plot line is one of the major flaws of the subsequent GREAT WAR tetralogy.  (2) I wish Turtledove would stop writing sex scenes-Turtledove is not a  great writer in general, but his sex scenes are especially awful.  Yuck! In sum, very highly recommended. HOW FEW REMAIN is not a sequel to  GUNS OF THE SOUTH-they take place in different universes. Instead, it is a  prequel to the GREAT WAR tetralogy. It also is superior to both: tighter  written, more tautly paced, with better characterizations.     