 Harry Turtledove is a recognized master of alternative history. Although he is probably best known for his World War series, the Civil War series that began with HOW FEW REMAIN is doubtless his greatest work. The  back-story for this series is a plausible world in which Lee's plans for  the 1862 invasion of Pennsylvania did not fall into Union hands. After  battles at New Cumberland and Camp Hill in which Lee crushed the Army of  the Potomac, leaving Washington cut off, England and France  intervene--forcing the North to sue for peace. In HOW FEW REMAIN, the story  picked up in 1881 when the North declared war on the Confederacy following  the latter's purchase of Chihuahua and Sonora from the Empire of Mexico.  (In a nice touch, Turtledove has Maximillian's empire survive. This strikes  me as plausible--without a powerful US to put pressure on France, the  empire might well have survived.) Following another British and French  intervention, the Confederacy is again victorious. The Union is left  embittered and hungry for revenge. At the end, Turtledove foreshadows his  later work with an emerging alliance between the Union and Imperial  Germany. (In another nice touch, Turtledove has Abraham Lincoln lead the  radical wing of the Republican Party out of the GOP into a merger with the  socialists.) In THE GREAT WAR: AMERICAN FRONT, the story picks up in 1914.  World War I has broken out in Europe. The Union and Imperial Germany are  staunch allies, while the Confederacy remains allied with England and  France. In scenes reminiscent of Barbara Tuchman's THE GUNS OF AUGUST, the  Union and the Confederacy plunge into a war paralleling that in Europe. The  war doesn't make a lot of sense. In World War I, all of the European  players had clear war aims. The war turned out to be a tragic folly, but  they all knew why they went to war. In contrast, it's not clear why the  Union and Confederacy are fighting (old animosities?) or what their  respective war aims are. Does the USA believe it can conquer and reabsorb  the Confederacy? As usual with Turtledove, there are a lot of sub-plots  to keep track of--at least a dozen! Crib notes are almost a necessity.  Besides being hard to keep track of, some of the plot lines are  duplicative. Consider the McGregor and Galtier sub-plots. Both are based  around oppressed Canadian families living in territories occupied by US  forces. (Even though Germany's experience in two world wars demonstrates  that two-front wars are a bad idea, the Union happily jumped into one with  the Confederacy to the south and Anglo-Canada to the north.) The chief  difference between the two is that they illustrate distinct reactions to  occupation...resistance by the McGregors and (slower to be unveiled) a slow  fall into collaboration by the Galtiers. From a dramatic perspective,  Turtledove would have done better to combine these separate plot lines into  a single one, in which the conflict could have been established within a  single family, heightening the tension As with some other reviewers, I  was sorry that so few of the characters from HOW FEW REMAIN carried over to  AMERICAN FRONT. Only Custer carries over in full force. (Custer, by the  way, is one of Turtledove's best creations--I find is Sir Douglas Haig-like  character entirely plausible from what I know of Custer's  personality.) Like some other reviewers, I also wish Turtledove had  included a sub-plot that gives us the big picture. He could have kept Teddy  Roosevelt in the plot and give us the big picture by means of Presidential  briefings. Although I rate AMERICAN FRONT a notch below HOW FEW REMAIN,  it is highly recommended.     