 Although Harry Turtledove is probably best known for his World War series, the Civil War series that began with HOW FEW REMAIN is doubtless his greatest work. The back-story for this series is a plausible world in which  Lee's plans for the 1862 invasion of Pennsylvania did not fall into Union  hands. After battles at New Cumberland and Camp Hill in which Lee crushed  the Army of the Potomac, leaving Washington cut off, England and France  intervene--forcing the North to sue for peace. In HOW FEW REMAIN, the story  picked up in 1881 when the North declared war on the Confederacy following  the latter's purchase of Chihuahua and Sonora from the Empire of Mexico.  Following another British and French intervention, the Confederacy was  again victorious. The Union is left embittered and hungry for revenge. At  the end of HOW FEW REMAIN, Turtledove foreshadowed the GREAT WAR tetralogy  with clear hints of an emerging alliance between the Union and Imperial  Germany. In AMERICAN FRONT, the story picked up in 1914. World War I has  broken out in Europe. The Union and Imperial Germany are staunch allies,  while the Confederacy remains allied with England and France. In short  order, the Union and the Confederacy plunge into a war paralleling that in  Europe. The war doesn't make a lot of sense. In World War I, all of the  European players had clear war aims. The war turned out to be a tragic  folly, but they all knew why they went to war. In contrast, it's not clear  why the Union and Confederacy are fighting (old animosities?) or what their  respective war aims are. Does the USA believe it can conquer and reabsorb  the Confederacy? Perhaps this is Turtledove's point-the utter folly of war.  If so, his story powerfully illustrates the utility of George Washington's  advice that the US steer clear of "entangling alliances" with European  powers. As made even more clear in WALK IN HELL, privation and radical  social change are the war's only sure outcome. As usual with Turtledove,  there are a lot of sub-plots to keep track of--at least a dozen! Crib notes  are almost a necessity. Besides being hard to keep track of, some of the  plot lines are duplicative. Consider the McGregor and Galtier sub-plots.  Both are based around oppressed Canadian families living in territories  occupied by US forces. (Even though Germany's experience in two world wars  demonstrates that two-front wars are a bad idea, the Union happily jumped  into one with the Confederacy to the south and Anglo-Canada to the north.)  The chief difference between the two is that they illustrate distinct  reactions to occupation...resistance by the McGregors and (slower to be  unveiled) a slow fall into collaboration by the Galtiers. From a dramatic  perspective, Turtledove would have done better to combine these separate  plot lines into a single one, in which the conflict could have been  established within a single family, heightening the tension. One of the  nice points in WALK IN HELL is the way Turtledove captures the complexity  of life in war and the moral ambiguities was forces upon us. Consider, for  example, the interesting Cincinnatus plot line-a black southerner in Union  occupied Kentucky finds himself caught between self-preservation, working a  day job for the Union, entanglement with a pro-Confederacy resistance  movement, and the black socialist underground. Cincinnatus must sail  between Scylla and Charybdis with no room for error. Although  characterization generally is not one of Turtledove's strengths, the  Cincinnatus sub-plot is an excellent treatment of the hard choices such a  war would have forced upon ordinary people. (On the other hand, Cincinnatus  has the misfortune of being subjected to one of Turtledove's embarrassing  sex scenes.) One thing worries me: In the Jake Featherston subplot  Turtledove is doing some pretty blatant foreshadowing. Featherston is a  front line Confederate soldier with increasingly strong racist attitudes  towards blacks. So here's a prediction as to where Turtledove is going:  after two more books in THE GREAT WAR series, the south will lose the war.  Economic privation and social breakdown will follow. (Think Weimar  Germany.) Then a former front line soldier will rise to power as a racist  demagogic leader. Featherston will be the Confederacy's Hitler and the  blacks will be the south's Jews. And we'll be buying yet another  tetralogy-this time dealing with WWII. Although I still think HOW FEW  REMAIN is superior to the the GREAT WAR tetralogy (to date), the latter  still is highly recommended.     