 As with any model claiming predictive power, economics rests on a theory of human behavior-specifically, rational choice theory, which posits decisionmakers who are autonomous individuals who make rational choices  that maximize their satisfactions. Critics of economics have long  complained that rational choice is, at best, an incomplete account of human  behavior. The traditional response to that criticism is that rationality is  simply an abstraction developed as a useful model of predicting the  behavior of large numbers of people and, as such, does not purport to  describe real people embedded in a real social order. A theory is properly  judged by its predictive power with respect to the phenomena it purports to  explain, not by whether it is a valid description of an objective reality.  Indeed, important and significant hypotheses often have assumptions that  are wildly inaccurate descriptive representations of reality. Accordingly,  the relevant question to ask about the assumptions of a theory is not  whether they are descriptively realistic, for they never are, but whether  they are sufficiently good approximations for the purpose in hand. Until  quite recently, empirical research tended to confirm that the rational  choice model of human behavior is a good first approximation of how large  numbers of people are likely to behave in exchange transactions.  Over  the last 10-15 years, however, a new school of economic analysis has  emerged that challenges the rational choice model precisely on its  predictive power. Empirical and laboratory work by cognitive psychologists  and experimental economists has identified a growing number of anomalies in  which behavior appears to systematically depart from that predicted by  rational choice. Some of the more important examples of these  decisionmaking biases include:  ** Herd behavior: Why do lemmings leap off  that cliff in Norway? What explains fads like Beanie Babies and Pokmon?  Herd behavior occurs when a decisionmaker imitates the actions of others,  while ignoring his own information and judgment with regard to the merits  of the underlying decision. ** The status quo bias: All else being equal,  decisionmakers favor maintaining the status quo rather than switching to  some alternative state. The status quo bias can lead to market failure  where decisionmakers' preference for the status quo perpetuates suboptimal  practices.  The extent to which behavioral economics calls into question  more traditional modes of economic analysis remains sharply contested. At  the very least, however, it seems clear that attention must be paid to the  possibility that behavioral analysis sheds light on policy  issues. Richard Thaler is one of the foremost behavioral economists. In  this (relatively) accessible introduction to this emerging literature, he  collects (and revises) a series of articles he wrote for the Journal of  Economic Perspectives. As such, there book reads more like an anthology  than a coherent whole. Yet, each of the chapters is highly instructive.  More important for the general reader, while the selections are all highly  rigorous, Thaler steers clear of the sort of recreational mathematics that  plagues so much of modern economics. Of particular interest to lay readers,  I suspect, will be the chapters on investing. Thaler offers a highly  insightful analysis of the various anomalies in capital market behavior  that appear to be inconsistent with the standard economic assumptions built  into the efficient capital markets hypothesis and the capital asset pricing  model. In sum, a useful introduction to the literature.     