 Authors of a successful series often tire of their Hero. Arthur Conan  Doyle ran Holmes off Reichenbach Falls in hopes of ending that series, only  to be dragged back kicking and screaming. Yet, as someone once said, Holmes  was never quite the same after he went over the falls. In Athyra, one gets  the sense that Steven Brust is looking for a Reichenbach Falls of his own  to throw Vlad off. (Ironically, much of the action takes place in caves on  a cliff above a river. Hmmm.) For those who joined us late, Athyra is the  6th novel in a fantasy series revolving around Vlad Taltos. Vlad is a human  living in Dragaera, an empire of elves who live to 3,000+ years. Dragaeran  society is divided into 17 "houses" or clans. Vlad belongs to the  Jhereg, the house of thieves, assassins, and assorted other miscreants.  Vlad is one of the Jhereg's best assassins. The early books in the series  were exceptionally well-written light fantasy with a deft humorous touch,  if perhaps a touch formulaic. I would rate them 4-5 stars. Unfortunately,  Athyra is not successful. Brust has said that Phoenix (the 5th novel) was  supposed to be Vlad's last appearance. Yet, Vlad's enduring popularity  seemingly prompted Brust to return to the Vlad-ian well. In Athyra, Brust  shifts narrarators. The first 5 were narrarated by Vlad, whose sardonic  humor was one of the books' best features. Athyra is narrarated by a  Dragaeran teenager (of 50 years), whose "voice" is nowhere near  as interesting as Vlad's. Worse yet, Athyra marks a far darker tone. The  deft humor of the earlier books is missing, while Brust seems to be working  through some "issues" of his own. The tone strives to be  philosophical, but manages only to be dense and depressing, yet sophomoric  at the same time. I would recommend skipping Athyra, but the next book in  the series (Orca) is far superior. And the most recent book, Dragon, is  quite good. Fans of the series will slog through Athyra, but it is NOT  recommended as your first introduction to the series. You'll never read  another if you start here and that would be too bad--because by starting  out with the ringer in the bunch you'd miss out on a wonderful series.  Start with Jhereg and then work through the series either in publication  order (Jhereg>Yendi>Teckla>Taltos>Phoenix) or in  "chronological" order (which one of the other reviews lists).  (Actually, you could skip both Athyra and Orca. The most recent book,  Dragon, takes place earlier in Vlad's life.)     