 When I learned to knit, I always thought of knitting in terms of sweaters.  Later, I came to appreciate books such as Melanie Falick's Weekend Knitting and Joelle Haverson's Last Minute Knitted Gifts for their treatment of smaller, elegant items to knit as gifts.  Reading Ann & Kay's knitting blog opened my eyes to the possibilities of knitting for the home.  It's no surprise that their first book, Mason-Dixon Knitting, offers a tantalizing selection of patterns to beautify the home.  Mason-Dixon Knitting opens with a chapter on the smallest and most mundane of items--the dishcloth.  With a charming ode to Peaches 'n Cream cotton yarn dishcloths, the book then goes on to dazzle the reader with the lovely textured handtowels, cushion covers, curtains, and an extravaganza of logcabin knitting.  Even more charming than the patterns and projects were the anecdotes from the authors, and the lovely profiles of the contributing designers.  Knitters in blogland are an entertaining bunch, well aware of their quirks and quick to embrace their weirdness.  That endearing tone shines through in the writing, with such tidbits as Ann unearthing the cardigan that her mother knit for her Barbie doll.  The projects include entertainment aspects for kid knitters and yes, some clothing too.  My particular favorite is the robe and the clever idea of knitted patterns to be sewn on ready to wear apparel--thus negating the tedious seaming and shaping involved with knitting a full item of clothing. The patterns are tasteful and interesting, without being annoyingly fiddly.  The photos are well done, without making the reader play "what's the model hiding" when trying to figure out how the pattern translates to the photo of the item.  If I had one small concern, it is that many of the patterns call for cotton or linen yarn.  Those fibers are a bit too stiff for my hands, but do make for nice summer knitting when wool seems too unappetizing.  The book is a wonderful addition to any knitter's library and would make a lovely gift too.  Just sayin'.      