 I don't think I've ever one-starred a book, but I find this book so tired that I won't even sell it to somebody else to get rid of it--I don't want to waste their money. I bought this book for work since my current assignment is heavily dependent on a PostgreSQL database backend. I keep borrowing other developer's books to fill the gaps found in this one. Guys! Stop the madness. Most of what is found in this book can be found in PostgreSQL online documentation. When I survey other books on PostgreSQL, I am left with the same observation--they are merely doctoring up the online documentation into the print medium. If you're looking for the essential reference, go to your online documentation that accompanied the database software! This has been called the "Essential Reference," and I could hardly agree. Any reference would have a robust index to both basic and obscure functions. O'Reilly books stomp their competition with quality indicies. This "Essential Reference" is one of O'Reilly's easier victims (and the O' book on the subject is also weak in its index). Let me put it to you this way . . . when I have to start adding entries into an index, there's a serious problem. With that, I am attempting to access the mundane functions of PostgreSQL as a software engineer. With this, they should also have cross-references for commonly used terms that have a synonym in the PG and SQL world. Example? Find for me the \d+ shell option (data dictionary with comments) in the index. It's not explicitly listed (not even an honorable mention), nor are it's siblings. There is a single reference to PSQL (the terminal tool) that gives a page range, but no mention of its shell options. As an essential reference, the reader shouldn't have to think too hard about how to find some information therein. With an important option like this, one would expect to find it with it's own page number. Nutshell: if you want to pay for something you get for free, buy this book. If you want to pay for something that won't help you find what you're looking for, buy this book.     