 23 albums down the road, and Cockburn pulls out "The Charity of Night". Most singer-songwriters go downhill as they get older, Cockburn - like the water into wine story - is unarguably turning out to  have saved the best for last. "Charity" offers an even mix of  love, political, human condition, and instrumental songs, four songwriting  genres that Cockburn excels in. From the first track to the last on  "Charity", there are no duds, and the album as a whole is  conceptual, opening up the idea of Night as sanctuary, challenging us to  consider the space between dusk and dawn in a different light, rather than  merely dismissing it as 'just darkness.' The album is rock/folk (in that  order), but the profound jazz influences, the moody talking story songs,  the excellent instrumentalists and backing singers (Ani DiFranco, Jonatha  Brooke, Patty Larkin, Bob Weir, etc.) make this a musically deeper album  than others in the same genre.  "Charity" gradually builds via  a series of steady ebbs and flows to the last song, a masterpiece called  "Strange Waters", which rumbles like musical thunder into  eternity.  Fans of classic Cockburn will be delighted.  People who have  never heard of Cockburn, who stumble onto this album looking for the  two-bladed sword of quality music delivering lyrics that actually say  something about something, will be relieved to have finally made his  acquaintance. This is one of the best albums I own. Sure, I'm a Cockburn  fan, but I like a lot of other good musicians too, and this is as good as  he gets. According to a poll of hardcore Bruce Cockburn fans in Spring  1999, this album was no.1 of the 24 that had been released by that point.   On the ongoing poll since then, of visitors to The Cockburn Project  website, this album has consistently stayed at number one of the 25  released by that point.  Never heard Cockburn before? This is the album  to start with. Then head for Breakfast In New Orleans, Dinner In Timbuktu,  the 'sequel' to "Charity."     