 It is not surprising that the first review of this book was overwhelmingly negative. Sai Baba, after all, has millions of disciples, and this book stands alone as the only comprehensive and credible, dissenting account of  Baba's claims to be God. The story is cinematic. The narrative is  evocative and immersive, and is begging to make the transition to feature  film. The book, written by a child of the sixties, tells a tale common to  the era - a search for spiritual truth - but an uncommon tale in that the  author went on a road less traveled, journeying to India and ending up as  an intimate disciple of the country's most popular and charismatic guru,  whose devotees include members of the Indian government.   But it is more  serious than that. Baba is more than a guru. Baba claims to be God. The  God. Your God and my God. That he can appear to back up this claim by  performing dramatic miracles - materializing solid objects from thin air is  one example - and having some undeniable level of revelatory knowledge into  people's thoughts, makes him a very dangerous person if his claims are  false.  To call this book 'one-sided' is completely missing the point.  The book, if anything, tells two sides of the story in its answering the  question about Baba's divinity.  The first half of the book is an account  by an intimate disciple convinced of Baba's divinity. The second half  recounts in great detail the gradual process of revelation of another side  to Baba - a 'spiritual detective story', if you like - ultimately leading  up to a powerful and dramatic conclusion. When people set themselves up  with any kind of power over us, whether politicians or spiritual leaders,  it is important that their lives and their beliefs that influence and  affect us are transparent and open for examination. In other words: if God  gave us minds, presumably he would want us to use them.  The fact is that  this book is the only chance that most worshipers of Baba around the world  are going to get to hear an informed, alternative opinion of Baba's claims.  And that the opinion is offered by one of the few people who can claim to  have known him closely for two years requires them to pay attention.  I  first read this book ten years ago, when it was available in the West as  'Lord of the Air'. It is one of the few books that I have read many, many  times - no small praise from an English graduate and journalist. The  literary quality of the account, the intense and gripping story, the  integrity of the investigation Brooke undertakes, and the personal  suffering Brooke later underwent to get the text published in the West  after the Indian government banned it, make this one of the few books that  you absolutely have to read. Whether you have any interest in Baba, or just  enjoy a good real-life adventure story, this book is highly recommended.     