 Brian Herbert and Kevin Anderson spin an interesting tale in this prequel trilogy to the Dune series. Many have blasted this series for not being up to the same level as Frank Herbert's original writing. An easy argument to make, however who can really imitate any particularly incredible writing style? Brian and Kevin do write a page-turning tale in this trilogy. I would argue that although not as deep or clever as Frank's writing it is written in a manner that keeps the reader going. I would argue that these books are much more action-oriented than the original Dune series and the trade off is depth for action. It does seem to have the feel of fan fiction; however, it is well-written fan fiction. There are minor points that are inconsistent with the original Dune and might cause hard-core fans distress but otherwise it is quite readable. My harshest criticism would be that the authors clearly do not have the life experience and depth of knowledge that made Frank such a wonderful writer. Frank was clearly influenced by his study of Arabic and other languages, mythology and the theory of myth, and a depth of understanding of several fields of study that shape our world - politics, economics, ecology. Brian/Kevin are more influenced by pop culture - especially David Lunch's film interpretation of Dune. It is amusing to note that Brian takes more from David Lunch's movie than his fathers own writing. Clearly, he was not interested in retracing the in-depth research his father had done in preparation of writing the original trilogy. It is also important to point out that it took Frank around 17 years to complete the original trilogy, whereas Brian cranked his out in 3 years. The result is the difference between a fine artisan versus someone who just needs to bang out a book every year.  Having said all that however, the books are quite readable and page turners (probably Anderson's influence). They do have some absurd moments that do smack of not having been thought through (turtle jousting - need I say more). The characters are quite simple for the most part and descriptors are used to the point of abuse - weasel-faced Fenrig. Some phrases are also used to the point of abuse (as if they were copied and pasted systematically throughout with little thought of context). Be warned, a phrase that was eminently clever in Frank's writing will be repeated ad nauseum in the Brian/Kevin trilogy. This trilogy was clearly formulated to appeal to Sci-Fi's largest target audience - young males 11 to 17 years old. It does its job well. Unfortunately, those of us who enjoyed Frank's exploration of myth, messiah, and religion will be utterly disappointed. The more tangible topics such as politics, economics, and ecology are given some depth. The depth inevitably is shattered however by radically unlikely confluences of events. Whereas Frank demonstrated a 'domino-effect' of change, Brian is more familiar with the 'massive set of synchronous coincidences' resulting in change.  Based on this trilogy, do not expect compelling depth from the Butlerian Jihad trilogy; however, a rip-roaring roller coaster ride of action and intrigue is more likely. If you go to Kevin and Brian's website, you will also notice they are speculating on the creation of a trilogy bridging the Leto to Paul years (early Paul). Note that they assume they need a trilogy. Ugh. The mantra-hobgoblin of many authors these days - Produce! Produce! Produce! Also, note that somewhere along the line they intend to complete Frank's unfinished novel tentatively the unnamed 'Dune 7'. If Brian and Kevin are reading this, please heed my request - Do NOT write a trilogy on the 'early Paul' years (Leto II only got two books - really guys). Also, please take a very deep, introspective look at what you want out of Dune 7. Frank spent enormous amounts of time learning about language, myth, and history. Do his memory justice and do the same before you set out on what should be a requiem for him. Quality over quantity, depth over distraction.     