 The main problem with this game is that despite the graphical updates and some gameplay tweaks it just feels over 5 years out of date. The amount of micromanagement you can do is astounding. If you are a control freak and like to count grains of sand on a beach, then this is the game for you. For the rest of us mere mortals, the management detail required to really get the most out of this game is just WAY TOO MUCH. The manual is not only worthless, it is a complete waste of time to read it (140 pgs plus) as it tells you absolutely nothing that you can discern just by looking at the various in-game screen interfaces. I don't really need a manual that tells me the Unload All Ordinance button means you unload all of your ordinance (140+ pages of stupid drivel like that). Updates from the previous game include real-time space combat. On the surface this would seem great, however the graphics aren't even as good as an old Asteroids arcade game and the interface is limited to Move, Attack, Stop, and Retreat. What astonished me was the additional levels of complexity added to the strategy aspect of the game. MOO2 had copious, if not excessive, micromanagement tasks. MOO3 has increased the level of micromanagement detail by a factor of 10. For diehard fans of MOO2, this is probably fantastic. However, for the vast majority, it renders the game incomprehensible. Yes, you can opt to switch on the AI and let the computer management the detail stuff but you may soon find yourself just pushing the turn button to watch the computer play itself - where is the fun in that? This game takes what made MOO2 successful and expanded upon that - greatly. Normally this would be a good idea, however in MOO3's case it is so complex, most people new to the game will find it like trying to decipher an encyclopedia written in a foreign language. In fact, I would warn anybody that hasn't played MOO2 to shy away from MOO3 - you are likely getting in over your head. For people who are extremely detail oriented and controlling this may be the game for you. For the rest of us, you are better off getting an old copy of MOO2 and trying it out first. If you don't like it, you certainly aren't going to like MOO3.     