 B.H. Liddell Hart will likely become overlooked as one of the most prophetic and intriuging historians in recent history. I have read many of his books over 15 years ago, however, I had forgotten how emminently readible his writing is.  Hart makes an astounding case for one of the most underrated leaders in Western history. Very few people don't know who Hannibal is, however, almost nobody knows who defeated him. Scipio Africanus is the ultimate example of a brilliant general both on the field and off, in war and diplomacy. An individual whose brilliance was only tempered by his humility and sense of duty. A perfect example of how the truly great leaders are often the least known. Individuals whose actions shift the very path of history and destiny of nations yet remain largely behind the scenes and forgotten by popular textbooks.  Liddell Hart puts us in the tents with Scipio as he constantly outmanuvers he enemies (foreign and domestic) by contstantly redefining the playing field. Rather than marching directly against Hannibal to save Rome, Scipio invades Spain and threatens Hannibal's supply thus forcing a retreat. This is but a small sample of the brilliant mind who truly 'thought outside the box' - whose manner of thinking and handling issues remains a rarity even in our time. Scipio serves as a great teacher to all who should learn the 'lessons of history' as Hart makes note of repeatedly. Had the architects of the Treaty of Versailles read and understood this book, WWII would not have happened. Scipio is the originator of the doctrine 'economy of force' and a role model for 'bloodless victories'. Clearly, at the time this book was written (1926), Hart had already forseen the drastic changes the next generation of warfare would take (such as the mobility of force as Erwin Rommel demonstrated repeatedly to the British) and the shortcomings of the doctrine of that day. This book should be required reading for World History classes not only for it's historical value; Could Rome have ever risen to be a World power had it not been for Scipio? Without a Rome, where would Europe be today? But also for it's overall lessons to leaders of any kind: Never fight the same battle as your enemy is fighting, defeat him on your terms, not his. Demonstrate generousity to your enemies after you have vanquished them if you don't want to fight them again.  Without hesitation, Hart makes an excellent case for Scipio being a greater (certainly humbler) leader than Napoleon in a very readible fashion.     