 A good read covering by-and-large, a forgotten era in American History. While this book shows the footprint of being written by an academic (endnotes aplenty), it still remains readible for the rest of us. Definitely a thoroughly researched and documented read, however, the copius and methodical endnotes do eventually detract from the flow. It's almost as if Bauer was working down a checklist of topics in every chapter. The mid-chapter transitions from section to section don't always flow and the bouncing around on topics sometimes seems a bit random. Although the writing isn't dry or dull it doesn't consistenly shine or carry one through from idea to idea. Certainly not the final book on the subject, it is fairly objective and fairly comprehensive in balance and scope. Bauer delves into the political squabbles in Washington while occasionally highlighting the instability inherent in Mexico's capacity to govern itself at the time. Although emphasizing a bias towards presenting the American perspective, Bauer clearly makes a strong effort to portray the Mexican army perspective as well (not something always done in many military history books, or at least not done with an attempt to provide a balanced perspective). Ultimately Bauer's book prooves readible, not spellbinding, but not dull. It tries to provide at least a decent effort to cover every significant aspect of the war. However, at times, it would seem as if more could have been written. However, like a good historian, Bauer sticks to the facts and the material revealed by his sources maintaining a strong self-discipline avoiding speculation or dramatization. He also highlights (what would seem to be) all the documented efforts of later famous civil war generals and heroes in their early careers.   Bauer does a decent job of covering in a comprehensive manner, a largely forgotten era of American history. One would be hard pressed, prior to reading this book, to recall any signifcant events about this war (unless one is a historian, of course). A true tragedy in light of the current American occupation of Iraq. Many lessons that were learned in the war with Mexico seem readily applicable to our modern plight - bandits raiding unguarded or lightly guarded supplies for example. Balancing the occupation of a foreign power with the fact that the nation was by-and-large barely controlled by the previous regime before being deposed. Then the ultimate question, what to do if one actually succeeds in conquering a foreign nation - how do you deal with a population that is, for the most part, ambivalent about who is in power. And those that do care and want a stake take the fight underground.     