 The first book of Saberhagen's Dracula series, _The Dracula Tapes_, was a great read; the tale of Dracula, lifted from Bram Stoker's famous book, as told by the Count himself, and oh, had he been misunderstood. Further books on the series never quite lived up to the first one, but were reasonably good reads... Until this one. "A Sharpness on the Neck" is very disappointing. The premise itself is on par with other books on the series: bound by his honor, Vlad Dracula must protect a descendant of a friend from a murderous vampire, Vlad's brother Radu. In the process, the descendant is introduced to the world of vampires, and we are to get to know some other part of Vlad's story; this time, the period in the final decades of the eighteenth century, during the French Revolution, and more specifically, the Terror. Unfortunately, the book never quite lives up to the reasonable premise. The narration bounces back and forth between first person and third person, often without the benefit of a break to indicate a change has occurred. Although some characters are meant to be in disguise, their right name pops back and forth at inopportune moments. The narration is overly confusing, the plotting badly done. Having spent some time in the previous books on the series "explaining" that the invitation requirement for a vampire to enter a dwelling has more to do with a psychological hangup on Vlad's part than the nature of vampirism, this is entirely discarded in this book in favor of the traditional meaning.  The book is unpolished, rushed, and poorly written. It seems that the book is merely an excuse for Saberhagen to make inside jokes and references to other classic literature and history about the period. Percy Blakeney (better known as The Scarlet Pimpernel) makes a useless background appearance. So do the main characters from Dickens' _A Tale of Two Cities_. Superfluous references to a young Auguste Dupin, Madame Toussaud, and others, pepper the book. But rather than being clever, they are tiresome, cumbersome, and silly. Not recommended.     