 The book contains edited and slightly commented oral arguments for a  number of cases brought before the Supreme Court of the United States since  Earl Warren ordered that oral arguments be recorded. Few know that it is  possible to attend oral arguments at the court (highly recommended if you  ever visit Washington D.C.), and even fewer know the recordings exist. This  is a set of six tapes with edited and commented (by Peter Irons) cases,  together with a book which transcribes the tapes and includes highlights of  the opinions in the case. There is also a brief introduction to the Court  in the first tape. The cases touch on a number of issues, ranging from  the highly controversial (Roe v. Wade and abortion rights, Edwards v.  Aguillard and teaching of creationism in school, Johnson v. Texas and flag  burning) to issues which perhaps aren't so controversial anymore (such as  the 'one person, one vote' rule). They are, nonetheless, very interesting  to listen to. I have very few regrets about the book, but they should  perhaps be mentioned. First, there is no doubt that there is a somewhat  liberal slant to the presentation and comments by Peter Irons in the tapes;  I don't find it too problematical since they tend to agree with my own  feelings on the subject, but others may find it annoying. Second, I cannot  but be somewhat disappointed that these are ->edited<- and not the  full arguments. I realize one hour or more per case may be prohibitive and  it is perhaps better to have more cases and edited highlights of the  arguments, but I would have loved to have access to the full argument  nonetheless. At least in some cases, the impression given is certainly not  that of the whole argument (in Edwards v. Aguillard, one gets the feeling  that the attorney for Aguillard did pretty well, but one need only read  Stephen J. Gould's account of the arguments to know that Justice Scalia  trounced him and it was only through the intervention of the amicus curiae  brief by the Nobel Laureates that the eventual decision was reached). And  thirdly, it is very disappointing that the companion book has only  highlights of the opinions in the case. The full opinion (together with  full dissents and concurrences) would have been a very welcome addition to  the set. Despite these problems (which are the reason I give it a 4 star  rating rather than a 5; I wish we had a 4.5 rating), this is a highly  recommended set. This is a great and facinating look at the Court and at  oral arguments therein, and it is highly recommended. Even if you are only  interested in three or four of the cases or issues, you will find it a very  worthwhile investment.     