 I am not a lawyer. My interest in the Supreme Court is that of an  interested observer, who has particular interest in certain topics (such as  Establishment Clause, Religious Freedom, etc). Even so, or perhaps  especially so, I find Goldmans' product wonderful. It has everything that  was missing from Peter Irons' audio series "May it Please The  Court" (which wasn't much to begin with).  The Supreme Court hears  oral arguments on cases, and these arguments have been recorded since the  fifties. Goldman's CD contains the full audio arguments for a number of  cases, and, for a few of them, also the public announcement of the decision  on the case. Each case also includes a summary, which has a brief  description of the facts of the case, the final decision, and final vote  (which justices voted in the majority, which in the minority). That alone  would make this a wonderful addition to anybody interested in the Bill of  Rights or the Supreme Court. But this is not all that Goldman brings to the  party. Also included are the full text of the decisions of the cases  included (Majority, concurring, and dissenting opinions), which were sorely  missed in Peter Irons' book. Also, for each case, a photograph of the  Court's justices is provided, with a halo effect identifying majority and  minority. By clicking on a particular justice, you can hear a voice clip,  to help you identify their voices when, during the arguments, they  interrupt or ask questions. There is also a "highlights" option,  whereby specific points in the argument are mentioned, with time index  stamps, so you can listen only to those points (the presentation of the  case, particular questions regarding certain issues and their replies,  summary, etc). You can also use this as a sort of abbreviated program when  listening to the entire arguments (which can run over 1 hour). As opposed  to Peter Irons' _May it Please The Court_, there is no commentary on the  arguments, which are presented completely unedited, and also no  transcripts. Finally, if there are any cases which were argued or decided  together with the one you are looking at, it is so noted and you can take a  look at that one as well. You can look at the cases sorted by name or by  date, and also by broad topic ("Religious Freedom",  "Commerce", "Sexual Discrimination", etc), by Justices  sitting on the Court, or all together. The cases include some of the more  important and controversial of the past 50 years: Roe v. Wade (abortion),  Abington v. Schemp (school prayer), Nixon v. U.S. (executive power), New  York Times v. U.S. (pentagon papers), Johnson v. Texas (flag burning),  Bakke v. Regents (reverse discrimination), and many more among its more  than 50 cases.  I have no complaints about the final product, and only a  few wishes: I hope to see sequels, with more cases, available; although  pretty close to my wish list of cases, a couple I would love are still  missing (e.g. Edwards v. Aguillard). I would also have liked to be able to  look at cases by author of the opinion, but this is such a minor thing that  it is hardly worth mentioning. Transcripts of the arguments would be a nice  addition. These are such minor quibbles, however, that they cannot mute  your enjoyment of this wonderful program.     