 Any collection of quotes is bound to reflect the idiosyncracies of the editors, and this collection is no exception. I have no problem with that. So, yes, you will find many quotes you would expect, and the book will miss many quotes that you might consider "provocative" or worthy of inclusion. Your favorite quotable movie is _The Princess Bride_? Well, the authors only provide a couple of quotes from there. Your favorite quotes from a given movie may be there or not. But you will certainly find many provocative and quotable lines from many movies. The exact selection is not what I find disappointing and irritating in the book. Rather, I am irritated by number of stylistic choices that the editors have made. Foremost among them is the decision to list quotes with the actor's name, rather than the character name. The character name is mentioned only parenthetically, and only the first time it shows up in any given move. So if you are looking at quote number 15, you may have to backtrack to remember who the character speaking the line is. This is certainly annoying. There is also a bias towards "last line", even when they aren't particularly memorable or provocative. But perhaps most irritating is the editor's decision to edit long quotes and provide context via captioning rather than quotation. So the long list of memorable long-nose insults from _Roxanne_ is cut to only three lines. And just how provocative is the single word quote, "War", from _Schindler's List_? Well, not at all, unless you read the long caption explaining that this is the answer to the question asked by another character. Of course, some quotes cannot be put in context except via explanations in the caption. But far too many one-liners appear in the book without the set-up, thus losing their entire point. The combination of this and other editorial decisions made for an irritating read. I would suggest that you take a look at a copy and decide for yourself if you can stand them before spending the money on buying the book. I know I would have kept my money had I known what I was in for.     