 "Wind Rider's Oath" continues the adventures of Bahzell Banahkson, the first hradani Champion of Tomanak in 1200 years, that began in "Oath of Swords" and "The War God's Own". This time, Bahzell finds himself as envoy to the Sothoii, hereditary enemies of his own tribe, the Horse Stealer hradani. With him are the hradani Brandark Brandarkson, the newly-formed hradani chapter of the Order of Tomanak, God of War, Justice, and Truth; and fellow champion Dame Kerry. They face numerous problems: a mysterious demonic attack on the Sothoii's beloved coursers, a legal dispute between a free-hold of Warrior Maids (followers of God of Light Lillinara, sister of Tomanak) and a neighboring Sothoii lord, political intrigue against Bahzell's host, and his host's 14-year-old daughter, far too smart and impulsive in a society where women have little or no standing except as mothers and wives. The book juggles three interconnected storylines, dealing this time with the plots of two Gods of Darkness; Weber juggles them deftly, not setting any of them aside for long before coming back to it. Nonetheless, this book seems a bit less satisfying than previous books in the series. The strong points: the pacing is good, remarkably so given how many storylines Weber is juggling. There's promise of interesting things to come. Two of the three major storylines reach satisfying conclusions, though the aftereffects are still to be felt (reminds me a bit of the ending of "In Enemy Hands" in the Honor Harrington series). And of course there is Bahzell, Brandark, and Kerry. The weak points, however, should not be overlooked: the humor is stretched a bit thin; whereas it suffused previous books in the series, it seems more incidental in this one. There's too little of Brandark, and about half of what there is involves the evil-doers saying how important he is (though we readers still don't know exactly how). Most of the interactions seem to follow stereotype scripts (the shining exception being the interaction between Kerry and Lord Trisu). Given how much time and effort Weber has spent reminding us that the very notion of a female warrior, let alone a Champion of Tomanak, is near-blasphemy to the Sothoii, and even more so the notion of a hradani Champion, it seems to take remarkably little effort for most characters to come to accept both of them. Again, the shining exception being the interactions between Kerry and Lord Trisu. And fans of the Honor Harrington series will have a strong sense of deja vu when it comes to coursers and wind riders (a bit too much like treecats and adoptees!).  All in all, it is clear that of the three books in the series so far, this one is the weakest. It would certainly be a very bad place to jump into this universe; while either of the two previous books made a reasonable good starting point, this one is most definitely not. However, "weakest in the series" is still pretty good overall, and those of us who enjoyed the first two books will certainly enjoy this one... if a bit less then the previous ones.     