 There really isn't much to this movie. Scully and Mulder ona case in Dallas, Texas looking for a bomb hidden in the federalbuilding there. The bomb, planted by agents of the evil FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency), to destroy evidence of a kid and a few fireman who were infect by an alien virus. Right, let's be subtle about this, shall we? Let's not steal the bodies and destroy them, oh no, let's plant explosives in a very large and obvious fashion and nuke a building in a large metropolitan center. Good thinking, guys!  There is no doubt a lot here for an X-Files fan, of which I would count myself one. It is an intelligent show to some degree, but after seven years of Scully being skeptical and Mulder being obsessive is getting a little redundant. What does work in the movie and has always worked in the TV series is the fact that Mulder and Scully are important to each other - more than just colleagues, more than just friends, but still not going to fall in love with each other - having them do so would be the same killing blow that sunk Moonlighting back in the eighties. The chemistry between the two is probably what keeps me coming back to the show.  The movie does reveal some secrets, most of which are kept away from Scully even though she was there for most of it. Drugged unconscious and infected with the alien virus, Scully is captured and placed aboard an alien ship hidden in Antarctica and must be rescued by Mulder, (is anyone getting tired of Scully always being the victim? I know I am). Yes, there are real aliens and yes there is a conspiracy to cover them up while some very powerful men consort with them in order to save their own skins. But apparently the aliens are the native inhabitants to Earth and now want it back.  I don't think this should have been a movie, but rather a two-parter or a season ender/opener for the series. It didn't reveal as much as the advertisements said it would, and unfortunately the truth is still out there. And now that Duchovny's contract has expired, he has shown no interest in resigning to the show, and I don't really blame him. The media hype and the drooling fangirls would be enough to turn anyone off that kind of exposure. There have been rumors of second film called X-Files: Invasion, but not much has been revealed. If it does happen and it is made, let's just hope it has a lot more meat on it than the first film did.     