 Most people who have seen `Galaxy Quest' probably have never seen a science fiction convention before, well take from someone with first hand knowledge, it was pretty much like what you saw on the big screen. Large  rooms filled with frothing fanboys dressed as Vulcans or Klingons, and  those are the guys who run the dealer tables, over priced merchandise that  you could have found at your local comic shop for half the price, crammed  into too small lecture halls watching 9th generation copy of Urutskodoji,  or a chance to meet the guy who almost played the stand in for Patrick  Stewart in episode 406 of Star Trek: The Next Humiliation. And perhaps  worst of all, the fans themselves, who care more about how warp drive works  than personal hygiene. 	The horror. The horror. 	`Galaxy Quest'  is a good-natured poke at science fiction fandom, which is good, because  there are a lot of good things about fandom, having met many good friends  at conventions, seen wonderful costumes by very passionate and talented  people, and engaged in some very good discussions and debates with some  very smart people. In `Galaxy Quest', Tim Allen place Jason Nesbet, the  star of a long since cancelled TV series of the same name that has a very  loyal following of fans, and like Stat Trek, just can't let the series die.  Allen is joined by Sigourney Weaver in a grey and red jump suit with blonde  hair...the single best part of the film, as burnt out actors who attend  these conventions, sometimes as their only means of making money. (Not  really a joke, check to see how much James Doohan makes for appearing at a  World Con.) 	All of the actors are upset at Nesbet as his ego spirals  out of control and he ends up alienating most of his fellow cast members  (are we paying attention Mr. Shatner?). they gripe about him always getting  the girl, always getting to take his shirt off, that is until they find  themselves aboard a very real working replica vessel of the one they used  in the TV series and fighting a very real war. Built by aliens who received  transmissions of the show and believed them to be historical documents,  they rebuilt everything they saw on the show, even the massive starship  Protector (incidentally, the `NTE' in `NTE-3120' stands for `Not The  Enterprise'), against a race of reptilian alien uglies who want to destroy  this nice alien race who built all of this great stuff because,...well,  that's not important. Strangely, the film actually pulls itself together as  a friendship piece. Did I just write that? 	Sometimes I got the  feeling that they writers really wanted to take some gut shots at fandom,  other times the jabs were well meaning and flattering. It also becomes  apparent that the series endures because of the fans (something Paramount  has never learned about Star Trek. How many web sites have they closed?).  `Galaxy Quest' has some honestly funny moments, but where it falls apart is  the editing, which comes across as very unprofessional with one bad take  leading into another. The special effects, (ILM again), are first rate,  even the stuff they did as out takes from the old series had a nice period  look to them. The NTE-Protector is actually quite beautiful, with just a  hint of Enterprise for inspiration. A great film? No. A good one? Yes. Mel  Brooks' `Spaceballs' did it first and did it better.     