 Ever own a game that you can't decide if you like it? Sure, you read the reviews and bought it on their recommendations, but in the end it's your opinion that counts, right? This is my problem with Starsiege from Dynamix.  On the one hand it's an obvious quality product with no obvious glitches or  crashes, has a good interface, music and sound effects. Dynamix even went  above and beyond the call by producing a Starsiege Compendium-a 96 page  companion book to the main manual. This details the history, characters,  and vehicles that populate the universe of the 29th century. 	On the  other hand, the game is...missing something. Perhaps it's the fact that you  literally have to nickle and dime your opponents to death before each mech  is destroyed, providing you can actually hit them. (Something neither your  AI controlled allies and enemies don't suffer from). The in-game sound  effects must be reset from basic install specs - the music drowns out all  communication and in-game dialogue. Lastly, the mech designs are abysmal!  Most of the weapon discharge sounds - gunfire, lasers, etc. are uninspired.  Considering this game came out after Mechwarrior 2, why do the mechs look  worse that technologically inferior game? I mean, surely they must be able  to come up with something a little more original than a jukebox with legs  or a June bug with long legs? 	There is a good game in here trying to  get out. 	The story is compelling, the missions well designed, the  mechs and tanks easy to control, with the excepting of speed settings and  forward/reverse switching. The 3D support is well handled without being  over done, and colored lighting is not overused. The terrain texture  mapping and landscape detail is exquisite as is the positional shadows.   However, graphically pretty it might be, the explosion of mech is almost  comical-a little flash in the torso area then all the bits fall to the  ground. If you're far enough back you get an expanding purple ring, (I want  to thank ILM and Star Trek VI for making that the current most copied  special effect!) 	Missions are well presented with Mark Hammil in the  role of Harabec, the dispossessed Knight from the Terran Empire, and who  has joined the resistance to lead them and the guy you work for. He briefs  you then you are free to recruit squad mates then equip yourselves. As you  progress in missions you gain access to heavier mech units, new technology  and more powerful weapons. The mission difficulty curve gets steep - fast.  And five or six missions in your scrambling just to stay alive, let alone  complete your mission objectives. Squad mates are essential, but you will  get to used to the fact that they will rack up a higher kill score than you  will. Either that or I just stink at this game, but I don't think so. 	 I think as an anime fan I expect too much from the domestic market as far  as mecha design go. Even the original twelve mechs included in the  Battletech boxed set were from Macross or Armored Trooper Votoms, the Wasp  is from Crusher Joe. However, as Monolith Productions and the game Shogo:  Mobile Armored Core and Dream Pod 9 (Heavy Gear) have proven, this doesn't  have to be the case, and they provided very fresh mecha designs. The  Starsiege units are uninspired at best, even allowing for the fact that  many of them are modified labor or construction units. 	Is this a  great game? No, it's a good game. But there is a great game in there trying  to get out.     