 Imagine if you will that you are onboard a US Navy submarine that has just snuck into Soviet territorial waters to spy on what the other side's navy is doing. From the sonar members of the crew can listen to the screw noise  and learn turn counts that identify different Soviet Naval ships and  submarines that are plying the seas around you. Your submarine-in this case  the USS-Tautog (SSN-639) is here to gather intelligence on Soviet cruise  missile submarines that could pose a threat to US carriers. Your captain,  in this case Commander Buele G. Balderston drove his sub deeper into  Petropavlovsk whereupon they collided with a Soviet Echo-II class attack  boat. This was 1970, the half way point in the Cold War, one of three  accidents that year, and all of them chronicled in Sherry Sontag,  Christopher Drew and Annette Lawrence-Drew's `Blind Man's Bluff-The Untold  Story of American Submarine Espionage'. 	While the title may sound  like some cheesy hack banged the book out and filled it with questionable  information, `Blind Man's Bluff' takes the moderate approach, the authors  admitting that sometimes the information is sketchy at times, and speculate  on what probably happened, corroborating information from those directly  involved aids in fleshing out the true stories told within the book. It  details the disastrous first attempt to spy on the Soviets in 1949 when  disaster struck the ill-fated USS-Cochino when one of it's batteries  exploded, leaving the submarine to flounder in sixteen foot swells before  eventually sinking off the coast of Norway. It's crew was rescued by her  sister ship, the USS-Tusk, but not before six crewmen were killed-drowned  in the stormy seas. 	The book also talks at some length about Admiral  Hyman G. Rickover, the man who singlehandedly created a nuclear navy for  the United States. It details Rickover as being a power hungry, arrogant  and petty man who made or broke careers as he saw fit, and someone who  demanded to know about any projects `his' boats were involved with.  Evidence, whether it be technical or personal, is often presented in  anecdotal form, often amusing and always enlightening. It praises the Navy  as often as it chastises it and allows the reader to develop their own  opinions on whether an action was right or wrong. 	However, with  regards to the 1968 sinking of the USS-Scorpion, it attacks the  establishment-the Navy and her departments for a cover-up that has gone on  for thirty-two years. When the Scorpion went down, she was in such a sorry  state of repair, that one crewmen had been removed over fears expressed in  letters written to his superiors. However, it wasn't the fact that Scorpion  seemed to be falling apart that caused her to sink, rather a defective  torpedo battery leaking within a torpedo and cooked off the 350 lb HBX  warhead contained within the weapon that caused her to go down. Memos  written from the Naval Undersea Warfare Engineering Center told of the  defective batteries, but were ignored. At first the Navy announced she may  have been sunk by the Soviets, then recounted that in order to deny the  torpedo theory-stating steadfastly that there was no way a weapon could  `cook off' while inside a submarine. 	As well the authors attack, and  rightfully so, the CIA for their $500 million boondoggle of the American  public for the Glomar Explorer fiasco-code named Project: Jennifer, the  Glomar Explorer was the CIA's massive ship that was used to hoist an  antiquated Soviet Golf-class diesel electric missile submarine out of  sixteen-thousand feet of water 1,700 miles north-west of Hawaii. The  submarine had sunk, probably due to the same problem that sank the  Cochino-an exploding battery. Suffice it to say that Glomar Explorer  utterly failed to raise the sub more than 3000 feet, at which point the  grapples failed and the Golf fell almost a mile where it shattered to bits  on the ocean floor. This didn't stop the CIA from trying again a year later  in 1975, and succeeded in raising only 20% of the sub-minus the three  nuclear missiles it carried, minus any code books and minus any usable  technology. It was this singular event that led to the CIA being  scrutinized and stripped of much of its vaunted power. 	From  submarine delivered wire tapping pods being delivered into Soviet waters to  listen in on undersea telephone cables to Snorkel Patty and her collection  of hundreds of dolphin pins, `Blind Man's Bluff' delivers humor,  excitement, and an easily readable glimpse into the shadowy and very often  murky depths of Navy Intelligence, its operations and its people. The book  is personable and detailed, fulfilling its criteria of being both  informative and entertaining making it a fine addition to anyone's library  who is interested in submarines, the US Navy or espionage in general.     