 `Completely revised and expanded' is what the cover of the Third Edition `Guide to the Star Wars Universe' says, but when those who own previous editions flip through the pages, they find a great deal of what they have read before with scant passages of new information, and Slavicsek professes to be a huge Star Wars fan, I find it odd that he completely misses entire series of novels-like the Aaron Alston series of X-wing books. Plus Slavicsek touches on the Phantom Menace with character bios, places and equipment, but he ignores a lot of the other material-books and comics-that came out after the film. As well there is very little new art, and none of the art is original, rather pictures we have seen before, (and gives us one of the dumbest pictures of Corran Horn I have ever seen). He makes no mention of Dark Forces II: Jedi Knight, which in my opinion is one of the best pieces of Star Wars related material released in the last five years. Now, that is not to say that the book isn't worth the money. It is overflowing with all sorts of obscure facts from sources that many people might not otherwise read-like it draws heavily on the Star Wars role playing Game material (West End Games, not Wizards), though I suspect that it mainly because Slavicsek wrote a lot of those books as well. It takes from comics, novels, movies, even the forgettable Droid and Ewok TV shows, and the two Ewok movies, even the Holiday Special, which we won't talk about. Ever. I think it falls apart because they released it too soon. It covers Vector Prime, but none of the five other books that followed it in the New Jedi Order series. No mention of `Onslaught', `Ruin', `Heroes Trial', `Jedi Eclipse' or `Balance Point', and perhaps Del Rey should have waited until they had been published before releasing this to make it even more up to date. Still, it is an excellent source of Star Wars information, a great source for role playing material and a reference to all the books and comics you haven't yet read. Not great, but still pretty darn good. May the Force be with you.     