 Wing Commander: Prophecy is without a doubt one of my all-time personal favorite games for the PC. Aside from the fact that it gracefully and heroically retires Christopher Blair (Mark Hammil) from the series, the  game is an expertly crafted piece of entertaining with only a few  (stylistic) flaws. It also improves greatly over Wing Commander IV: The  Price of Freedom by making combat missions longer than the video cut  scenes, something that dogged its predecessor greatly. Prophecy has such  eerie underpinnings that work together with the game and live action  cinematics to make for an awesome story. It is also the start of a new  generation. 	After the defeat of the Kilrathi by Blair in Wing  Commander III: Heart of the Tiger, the Confederation finally has peace with  regards to their once feline adversaries and the Cult of Sivar. But there  in lies the crux of the matter for an ages old Kilrathi prophecy points to  a time when darkness will descend upon the universe and the Kilrathi will  die, bathed in their own blood and their once mighty claws no match for the  coming evil, a time that they call Kn'Thrak, (A translation that means  either `darkness' or `evil'). And it all begins with the destruction of a  Confederation survey ship analyzing the destroyed Kilrathi homeworld in the  Kilrah System by an unknown race. There Shall Come A time When one who  has the heart of a Kilrathi, but is not Kilrathi born, shall  rain cleansing fire down upon us, and Kn'Thrak, a time of great  darkness, shall embrace us. 	We are then taken to the TCS Midway, a  gargantuan super carrier that will be the focus of the game and your home  base for the duration. It is truly a magnificent ship and about the same  size as Darth Vader's Super Star Destroyer-about 8,000 meters in length. It  acts as a mobile base for the Terran Confederation and designed to be the  center piece of a larger armada. It is here that we meet Lance Casey-your  character-who is fresh from the academy and son of a famous TCN pilot. We  also meet up with old Wing Commander alumnus-Maniac (Tom Wilson) who takes  every opportunity to belittle Casey until getting his comeuppance in the  worst way and by numerous members of the Midway's crew. 	Basically  it's your job to figure out just who these new aliens are and what they  want. What they apparently want is to slaughter everyone and everything  they come across, which is great because that's why you're here! There are  heaps of missions here and they are all a great deal of fun. Missions range  from standard Combat Air Patrols (CAPs), to seeking out and destroying  capital ships, taking down freighters and search and rescue missions. One  of the most memorable moments of the game is a missile launch, especially  the Swarms, which leave twisting contrails as they streak off towards their  targets. Origin really did a fine job on the new fighter designs-they no  longer have the blocky, slab-like look that Price of Freedom had, but  instead have a more graceful, rounded look. Most of these ships are also a  joy to fly, conveying a great sense of speed and maneuverability, though  less so with bombers like the Devastator. 	Sid Mead (of 2010 &  Blade Runner fame) was hired on to design the alien Nephilim/Phylum  fighters and capital ships, and produces true wonders! The fighters have a  beautiful aquatic-insectile look to them while the capital class starships  resemble nothing most people have ever seen. They are both fearsome and  invoke no small amount of curiosity from the player and made me want to  find out more about this dark and enigmatic race. 	Mission designs  seems to have been a priority at Origin, because they are expertly crafted  and bear much resemblance to Freespace 2, and lack the time-sensitive  nature that plagued many of the X-Wing & TIE Fighter missions from  LucasArts. I also retract my title comment in my Freespace 2 review-Wing  Commander: Prophecy is as good a game. The missions take priority over the  cut scenes, the post flight ones become annoyingly repetitive, as there are  only 2 or 3 to see and you see them often. Beyond that this is Origin's  swan song as there doesn't seem to be any movement from them to sequel it  beyond Secret Ops which only adds new missions, good as they are. This is a  fantastic game-it both looks and plays great while possessing a solid and  engrossing story. Superb!     