 I AM LEGEND is probably one of the finest books on vampires, those undead and oft nightmarish bloodsuckers of our own creations. However, Matheson presents his vampires as the ultimate human terror, that of a replacement  species for our race. The story follows Robert Neville, the sole survivor  of a biological holocaust that created night stalkers who has turned his  home into a fortress in suburban Los Angeles. During the day he hunts  sleeping vampires, staking them through the heart and barricades himself in  his home at night while they mill about his yard like cadaverous door to  door salesmen, calling his name while the females raise their dresses to  tease and taunt him. 	Neville is a beautiful study into the  deterioration of the human mind, aside from the loss of his wife and  daughter that haunts him constantly, he begins to lose his own grip on  humanity. For three years he has lived this life of solitude, but  surrounded by human monsters who, incidentally, do not wear 18th century  regalia, top hats nor do they moan about how much their unlife makes them  do such terrible things. Matheson's vampires are a paradox of life, do not  turn into bats, wolves or mists and haven't an ounce of pretense or angst  found in the likes of Anne Rice's Eurotrash vampires or the found in  Vampire: the Masquerade. Neville has forgotten the sound of his own voice  and much of the common etiquette that we as humans all share. 	 Matheson's masterful descriptions of the monotony of daily life mingled  with the nagging question of why he just doesn't give himself up to them  permeate the book. He constructs arguments for both sides, and deconstructs  the myth of vampires by producing a wonderful scientific explanation that  Neville learns over a period of a few years, literally by educating himself  at the UCLA libraries. The reader is so aware of the protagonist's torment  and the surging desire for companionship, human or otherwise, that when he  finds the stray dog, we are captivated and pulled along as Neville spends  weeks trying to coax the terrified animal into his home. And, without  giving it away, the ending will knock the reader off of whatever he or she  is sitting on. 	Some might see similarities to this and the Chuck  Heston flick, the Omega Man, which was a pale adaptation of the novel into  a typical 1970's dystopian film. For myself I churned through the pages  with a certain eagerness that I never possessed while reading Rice's morose  and trite endeavors in the world of undead. This book soars and packs  emotion into fluid verse that never stalls or loses direction. I Am Legend  fits beautifully with movies such as Blade and John Carpenter's Vampires.     