 Despite being an avid AD&D role player, and able to write it, I am not a fan of fantasy literature. I have owned one of the many collected printings of the Lord of the Rings trilogy, but have never been able to get more than a hundred pages into it before Tolkien's dry writing style got to me and I would put it down in order to read some Heinlein, Smith or Niven instead. Thus when I found out that Peter Jackson, the same man who brought us such epic splatter-fests as Bad Taste, Brain Damage, and Meet the Feebles, had begun production on the entire trilogy, I was curious. The only person to have ever attempted this before, Ralph Bakshi, had made a mockery of Tolkien's books with his half baked attempts to render them to the big screen. Jackson on the other hand, even when he was making his gross out movies, had always been a brilliant technical director and I began to wonder how he would handle a project of this magnitude. While I was eager to see the end results, I didn't have the sort of emotional investment that so many Tolkien readers have. I have friend who have read the trilogy over and over so I was curious as to what his responses would be. There are also those fans who, no matter how good the film(s) would be, no matter how exacting they were, would hate them, either just because or just because it didn't fit their vision of what it should like. Or even because they feel that they should never be made into movies. What Jackson has done here is something special and I don't just mean in the technical sense. It became clear to me that he had taken great care to surround himself with craftsmen and artists who understood the books, he even went so far as to hire the two artists who had conceived so much of the later book art to craft much of the three film's final look. Having now seen the movie several times and reading through the first of the many art books, I can honestly say I doubt anyone else could have done a better job at bringing it to the big screen. The Fellowship story is rather simple, but it's epic on a grand scale. Three thousand years ago, during the first age, the Dark Lord Sauron, servant of the Morgoth, had forged 19 rings of power and leadership, 3 for the elves, 7 seven for the dwarfs, and 9 to the race of men- all of the rings were controlled by a 20th ring, forged from metal from all of the others. With this ring Sauron could rule all of Middle Earth. A last alliance of men and elves raised an army and at the foot of Mount Doom, near Sauron's fortress of Barador, defeated the Dark Lord and his army. And it was here that Isildur took up his father's sword and sliced the ring from Sauron's hand, defeating the Enemy. While I felt the opening battle sequence could have been longer, it firmly ingrains the might and power wielded by Sauron. What it doesn't show is Sauron is just a pawn of Morgoth? Who is Morgoth? Read the Silmarillion and find out. As history fades to legend then legend into myth, the ring of power passes from Isildur's after he is slain, lost for centuries until it is found by the creature Golem, the magic of the ring extending his life for five-hundred years until he loses the ring and it is found by the Hobbit, Bilbo Baggins. Enter Gandalf the Grey (Ian McKellen), a wizard who learns from Bilbo that he has The One Ring. However, after his 111th birthday party, Bilbo uses the ring to render himself invisible after a speech, then retreats to his home to gather his things. He has kept it a secret for sixty years until he decides that he tired of everything, simply wanting to finish a book he is writing in peace and quiet. He leaves everything, including the ring, to his nephew Frodo Baggins (Elijah Wood), then departs to live out his days with the elves. It then falls to Frodo to bring it to Sauron's realm of Mordor and cast it into the fires of Mount Doom, for that is the only way it can be destroyed. There is more, but I won't attempt to lay it all out for you here- buy it, rent it, but SEE IT. My favorite character is probably Legolas (Orlando Bloom), even though he didn't have a whole lot to say, I liked the portrayal of the elven archer as being a total nightmare to anyone on the receiving end of his bow shots. Legolas does no less than 8 god-like trick shots as well as using arrows as melee weapons. He is also the only Tolkien elf that I can stomach. I much prefer the idea that elves are happy-go-lucky types living for the moment, not the doom and gloom sourpuss elves who are leaving the land- a concept that several fantasy authors since have emulated and why I think so many people dislike elves. Sean Bean's Boromir is likeable as the tragic self-sacrificing knight and Viggo Mortenson as the hell-on-wheels Ranger, Aragorn. More importantly, I loved the easy affection shared by the hobbits, and Gandalf's love for these peaceful folk. Still, I have to laugh at those so-called `Tolkien Devotees' who scream and wale about what an `atrocity' or `abomination' has been wrought by Jackson. One reviewer was aghast at the concept of a playful elf. Yeah, let them all be miserable and depressing. And because people may have actually liked this film, they have to become personally insulting. So what if he didn't follow the Fellowship chapter and verse as it was written, there is such a thing as artistic license in this world or does it only apply to whatever medium you happen to be touting. Who cares if Arwen had a sword and washed away the Ring Wraiths with a spell? Maybe you can devote 5 years of your life and two-hundred million dollars of your own money and make the trilogy only you can enjoy. I'm sure having Ian McKellan on screen for twenty hours as he reads the book to the audience would be infinitely more exciting.     