 Batman of the Rings.  This has got to stop. Given the sheer quality of the Batman animated series, it blows me away that the games can be so sub-par. The games appear to be made for six year olds while the series itself often deals with concepts and ideas that are beyond them. How many other animated series have people dragged into drug rehab centers to see what drugs do to their kids or the level of sexual tension between Batman and Catwoman? There is no reason that I can see that a Batman or Superman game cannot approach the level of quality in game play that can be achieved by such titles as the Legacy of Kain series, Spider-Man or even SOCOM.  In playing through Batman: Rise of Sin Tzu, it dawned on me that I was probably going to wear out my Xbox controller given the sheer number of times I had to mash the buttons just to beat up wave after wave of bad guys. Quite literally, you are a one man (or woman) army against a never ending parade of thugs- Batman never beat up this many guys in an entire season of the cartoon! And it's always the same- work your way through some goons before you can move to the next area, (you cannot progress down a hallway thanks to invisible force fields that fade once you whack the previous area's bad guys), and pray you do it fast enough before the civilian dies or the bomb explodes. I hate artificial limitations in games- it smacks of bad design. I expect obstacles, but not overly obvious time wasters.  Either this game uses the Lord of the Rings game engine, or its an incredibly accurate copy. The game play is the same- earn XP to buy combat moves and special abilities or coins to unlock trophies to view. I wouldn't mind that so much, but the game play never changes- rush into an area, follow-the-path, and pound bad guys- that's it, that's all. In all honesty, it should have been more like the Spider-Man games- more three-dimensional movement and the ability to gain ground from opponents and search out health power ups if you get too low. Graphically, it is one big piece of eye candy as areas are beautifully detailed and effects are lively while the colors are vibrant, just like the animated series. All the voice actors are there as well, making pithy one-liners as they punch out the villains. The music is superb all around, and Carey Tagawa does an awesome job voicing Sin Tzu.  The combat system is neat, but too limited by its design and game premise. Earning more powerful attacks and combos is a great idea, but you are hampered by your environment, even though you're meant to use it against your foes, as they will against you. You can't explore- it's all combat. No ability to jump on to objects or climb, no real use of what Batman is known for- he's a detective! He solves crimes, but in this case his methodology involves beating up every scumbag in Gotham until he gets the right ones. The cut scenes are all Batman-based, so it's a little disconcerting when you defeat Clayface as Batgirl only to swap to Batman for the movie.  This game loses so many points for its annoying features- artificial impediments, being a fighting game masquerading as an adventure game, stupid mission goals that only vary between protect the civilian, protect the door, and disarm the bombs. And don't give me one way and only one way to beat the end-level boss, let me devise my own or pick from a list of possibilities. Make me think, let me solve puzzles, not just bash things, it gets old very fast. So mega points for the look and sound of the game, but minus loads of kudos for everything else. Let me jump, swing, climb, swim, explore, drive, and fly, not just follow the game designer's whims and the path they have laid out for me. I expect more for my money and so should you.     