 There is no doubt that Unreal II: The Awakening is the current 'best looking game of all time'. It delivers staggering graphics that, while you need a power house of a machine to utilize, sets a new standard by which other games of this genre will be judged. At least until Doom III, (And that's just a retelling of the original Doom's story), is released later this year. Or Halo for the PC, also due out this year from Gearbox. Or Deus Ex- take your pick. Unreal II builds on the existing mythology established in the first Unreal (and in Return to Na-Pali), it even mentions the Tournaments and Liandri Corporation. Not to mention the three flavors of Skaarj reptile warriors- Big, Bigger and 'Oh my god!'. That aside, it is a totally new game that capitalizes on the Unreal name. However, I doubt very much Unreal II will have the same effect its predecessors will- it is graphically pretty, but isn't that good of a game even though it makes an effort to build a story better than the first ones did, even though, again, they are basically the same. As Terran Colonial Authority Marshall, John Dalton, a former Marine who had been disgraced, you ply the space lanes of the outer rim, 'bringing law to the lawless' in your ship the Atlantis (yawn!), with your crewmates. First up is the luscious Aida, whose pixelated polygons put Lara Croft to shame, she's basically second in command and gives you all your mission breifings. Aida also complains to you a lot. Next up is Isaak, another washout and drunk- he explains all your weapons and makes modifications to them. Finally is the ship's pilot, Ne'Ban, who is kind of like a little Vorlon, plus he's the only instantly likeable member of the crew and his turns of phrase are amusing. There is some interplay and development between all the characters, but its pretty minor. Unfortunately, it doesn't matter whether you interact with these people or not- if you skip a briefing from Isaak, it's not like you go on a mission without weapons or are unable to figure out what these weapons do. The missions revolve around obtaining seven pieces of this ancient artifact- while this isn't exactly a new story idea in science fiction or fantasy, it is also not one that is too difficult to make interesting. In Unreal II, however, they don't even try, because while it is a driving goal to obtain the next piece, it really could have been anything- a computer disk, a bag of money or whatever. It ultimately doesn't amount to very much when it is finally revealed what it does. It is of course wanted by everyone in the galaxy. Plus you can wander around the Atlantis between missions. This is great, but serves no purpose. You can open a few hatches and crawl around in some tunnels- but you can't DO anything to or with anything. You can't press buttons to make things happen, all you can do is look- a little like being in a Louvre. In fact, a lot of the game is like this - except for the things you're allowed to kill, environmental interaction is non-existent. The story aside, the programmers also dropped some things that were in the original that could have been useful in Unreal II- there are no portable light sources available for you to use- no flares or flashlights. I also suspect that even the story was tacked on and the game itself is just a showcase for Legend's and Digital Extreme's new graphics engine. As well there are numerous other games coming out that use the Unreal II engine, such as Deus Ex II, it will be interesting if they can get more out of it than the originators did. The music is a mixed bag, but no where near the same quality as Unreal or Unreal Tournament. Sound effects are pretty good, but nothing to write home about. Mission maps are quite large- expansive out door vistas on alien planets that eventually lead indoors in seamless transitions. Texture detail is superb and razor crisp- most things like signs and all but the smallest of computer displays, are readable. The engine is capable of so much detail- from waving grass and trees to flowing water, curves, curves and more curves, and creatures such as fish, birds and land critters that it gives everything a wonderful and very realistic organic look to it. It is often as much as fun to just explore the worlds you're on as it is to start shooting and killing bad guys. Character models, be they humans, Skaarj, mechanized marines, etc. are all first-rate, with highly detailed facial features and expressions. But the game play just isn't there- I finished the game in less than six hours total time. I got it on a Thursday and finished it that night. I felt let down- there wasn't enough to do, beyond accomplishing goals, the environment doesn't interact well- you can't even blow up trees, though you can kill all the fauna you come across. Here is a game that could have benefitted from Red Faction's Geo-Mod code- it could have made things more interesting. It was also reported that the Unreal Editor that shipped with the game was easier to use than previous versions. I loaded it up and wondered that if by 'easier' they meant 'harder and more complex'. So basically what we have is a spectacular looking game that delivers awesome visual splendor, but only mediocre game play. This was also one of the three games that I was really looking forward to in 2003, the others being Halo, and the sequel to the greatest game of all time, Homeworld 2. So far I'm zero for three. Unreal isn't a bad game, it's an okay game. It's that really good looking girl you knew in highschool- the one you found out was really shallow once you got to know her.     