 The `Invasion of Theed' boxed set is designed more for younger players or people new to role playing. It provides everything you need to start playing the new Star Wars role playing game, but suffers from a lot of same problems that a lot of Phantom Menace merchandise does in that we have already seen this. A lot of writers and game designers have simply been retelling the Episode I story line in order to sell products. When the original West End Games Star Wars RPG came out, they didn't get you to replay A New Hope or the Empire Strikes Back, no, they gave you new adventures. But as an introduction to the new game mechanics, it works quite well. 	Players use pre-generated characters that include two Jedi Guardians (the character class that eventually becomes a Jedi Knight at 7th level) Sia-Lan Wezz and Rann I-Kanu, a young Wookie scout named Rorworr, Deel Surool, a Twi'lek scoundrel, and a member of Naboo's security force, Galak. All of these characters are well-rounded, but more experienced players who still want to familiarize themselves by playing the adventure may wish to create their own characters. 	The scenarios themselves revolve around the players escaping the initial attack by the droids of the Trade Federation and join the underground. From there they must rescue captured pilots and leaders, aiding Queen Amidala and finally a swamp adventure against swamp monsters a low-level Dark Jedi, (Darth Maul's assistant, no doubt). All in all, not bad, but too linear in scope and story or perhaps not enough meat for more experienced gamers. It does however come with free dice and a Wookie action figure, which you shouldn't open because it might be worth something in a few years. Also, I really liked the color character art by Adam Hughes, it has a nice clean and unfettered look to it. 	If you have an interest in the new Wizard's of the Coast Star Wars RPG, buy the hard cover rules instead of or with this boxed set. It is worth the money, for what you pay compared to what you get, and even if you don't like it, the action figure is cute and everyone can use the dice. The Force will be with you, always.     