 No one would ever have guessed that when Industrial Light & Magic opened its doors in Maren County that day way back in 1975 that they would produce the standard by which other special effects and other effects  houses would be judged. ILM has formed the cornerstone of LucasFilm Ltd. a  company that has spawned more spin-offs such as THX Sound, Skywalker Sound,  all held neatly under the Lucas Digitial banner. Back in the days of Star  Wars it was mostly using what was already known, and inventing everything  else. ILM has been at the forefront ever since, from the early days of  motion control cameras controlled by Apple computers the latest CG marvel  like Galaxy Quest, Phantom Menace or Mission to Mars. 	The Art of  Special Effects deals more with the older films-those before 1986,  illustrating a time when computers were not so large a part in the  film-making process. It gives the reader a great look at the sheer amount  of detail that went into the models, the props, costumes from Star Wars to  Explorers, from Raiders of the Lost Ark to the some of the Star Trek films,  ILM constantly and consistently proven to innovative. The book as a whole  is on a level lower than, say, Cinefex magazine, assuming that the reader  doesn't know how blue screening and rotoscoping works or how miniatures are  lensed. It is light reading without getting itself bogged down in too much  technicality, for those who want that, read Cinefex. 	It also strikes  me that this book is also best at presenting a dying era. A time when model  makers kit bashed hundreds of plastic models just to build a Super Star  Destroyer - few companies bother with that any more when everything can be  rendered on a Silicon Graphics box and Maya and Soft Image software. Such  films as Star Trek: Insurrection used few practical models and a completely  CG Enterprise-E. The time of the supremely detailed, hand crafted model or  set may be at an end, and I think the industry will be sadder for it.  Partially because when I read Cinefex, a lot of what I see is the  same-different movie, different space ship, but they're all rendered the  same way and most use the same software, with only minor modifications or  original code going into it to get a certain look or solve a certain  problem. 	I suspect the Digital Realm of the movies, while producing  better special effects, lacks the mystique of knowing that several people  labored for months to build that model. That instead it was modeled by a  few people over a period of a week. (Though it should be noted that a lot  of films, including the Phantom Menace, used practical models). I suspect  their days are number.     