 I have owned quite a few printers, including Epsons, Ravens, Lexmark, and two Canons, but none of them come even close to the HP DeskJet 1220 C (Cse). Even my last Canon, a BJC-5100, which cost me quite a bit, couldn't compare to the solid performance that the 1220 delivers, and I suspect the HP will be around longer than the 10 months the 5100 lasted. After ten months the 5100 began ruining paper, leaving large bands of ink all over print jobs and even after a meticulous cleaning, it never returned to proper working status. My first experience with a 1220 Cse was at a restaurant that I worked at used it to redo their menus. Without complaint the 1220 Cse churned out 60 copies of the 8 page menu- with no flaws such as streaking. The only mistakes were ours and we had to print out another 480 pages with corrections-using the same ink cartridges. It can be hooked to your PC (or Mac) via either a serial or USB cable, (neither of which are included). After a quick software install and an alignment is done, the 1220 Cse is ready to go. 	The 1220 Cse exceeded all of our expectations- both in the shear quality of print jobs, even in things like our menus which used a great deal of color in the images and text, but also with its flawless performance. Now that I have one of my own, I am delighted that it continues this trend in the home environment. It is a big printer, and it takes up a fair amount of desk space, but that is small price to pay for a gem of machine like this. It can do 2,400 x 1,200 dpi images with the right paper, and having seen that in action, I am even more convinced that this is perhaps the best small office/home printer ever made. It does everything my wife and I want- beautiful black and white text and stunning color. Plus, it is exceptionally well made- worth the extra money if you were perhaps thinking of getting a less expensive machine. That quality will go a long way to the machine's longevity. This, coupled with the fact that ink cartridges seem to last forever make it an excellent value.     