 In this present-day world, it seems impossible that there could someone who has not heard of Stephen Hawking, even if it is only from his appearances on Star Trek: The Next Generation or the Simpsons. And yet within this frail, tiny man lies one of the most potent minds mankind has ever borne forth, yet I am given to wonder if he would have achieved his current level of notoriety if he was not crippled by ALS. Or if his powerful mind would be less so were it not trapped within the body of an invalid. I cannot answer these questions, but instead I read mainstream publications and like so many others, stand in awe at the feet of a man who carries Einstein's legacy further toward a final answer. A unified field theory. It started ten of fifteen billion years ago during the Big Bang -that explosion that had blown out all of the matter in the universe. The Big Bang didn't simply occur in the void of space, it created space as well. But what Hawking is looking for, partially, is knowledge as to whether the fundamental forces of physics existed or not within the first few billionths of a second after the explosion or whether or not time existed either. Hawking, and others in his field, like Roger Penrose, are trying to find a correlation between cosmology and quantum mechanics, which is the study of the internal workings of atoms and the movement of subatomic particles. Indeed, it is a journey through space-time and one that if found will teach us a little more about the universe. From the dust of stars we came and to the stars we return. Much like "A Brief History of Time", we are given truly intimate glimpses into the intricacies of both the universe and Hawking himself. He is a man with a great sense of humor coupled with an almost child-like enthusiasm for new things. His bet over the origins of Cygnus X-1 with physicist Kip Thorne certainly bears this out: "If it turns out that the binary system does not contain a black hole -breaking many a physicist's hear- Hawking will win a four-year subscription to the British humor magazine Private Eye. If it is a Black Hole, Thorne will win a one-year subscription to Penthouse." In effect Hawking bet against himself, since he believes that one of the objects is in fact a black hole. Indeed, no other object of stellar phenomena has so captured the public's imagination and superstition than the prospect of a black hole. These once-massive stars of 10 to 15 solar masses that have collapsed down to mere fractions of their previous size and emit fields of intense gravitation. And those that get so small-to the point of a singularity, may yet reveal more information on the origins of the universe, since Hawking theorizes that what was before the Big Bang may indeed be imitated by what is within a black hole. As with so many things, others have asked why is it so important? And like Sir Edmund Hillary replied when asked why he wished to climb Mount Everest, "Because it is there." What is also remarkable is that ALS usually kills individuals much sooner and by all rights Hawking should have died years ago. But somehow he keeps going, (he turned 59 in January), and perhaps it is that drive to explore with his mind if not his body, that keeps him going. But I for one am very grateful that Mr. Hawking is still with us, because the world needs great explorers.     