 I took a chance again and bought `Tomorrow Never Dies' and was pleasantly surprised that I enjoyed it every bit as much as `Goldeneye'. Given what a disgrace `The World Is Not Enough' was, I was very reticent to pony up the  dough for another Bond film, but my feeling paid off. This the second of  the Pierce Brosnan Bond films, and is a very slick look at the world of  international media, but instead of news companies faking events in order  to sell papers or get more people watching the news on TV, Carver Media  goes to extreme measures to create the news, and in most cases since they  know a certain event will happen, they always get the scoop and the  exclusive, guaranteeing the high ratings, and of course, revenue generating  by those ratings. It's a neat idea, really, and `Tomorrow Never Dies' does  an excellent job in turning it into a story. 	I am not a huge Bond  fan, but I like Pierce Brosnan, mostly because he fits my image of who I  think James Bond should be. It also doesn't hurt that Brosnan is probably  the most talented actors to take on the role. I only wish the rumors had  been true and he took the reigns in the late eighties after the end of  Remington Steele instead of waiting until 1994 to do `Goldeneye'. 	 Bond is set up as a banker so that he can infiltrate Carver's big media  party where he meets Paris Carver (Teri Hatcher), who is stale toast in a  nice evening dress. She and James have a past, and something that upsets  Carver to no end, and upon learning that Bond is actually British Secret  Service, sets up their demise by killing Paris then having James find her.  This is pretty evil, and guarantees that Carver gets to die in a really  messy fashion. 	One of the most important things in any successful  Bond film is the villain, which is why `The World is Not Enough' is so  weak, Robert Carlyle's character was about as threatening as Moneypenny on  a bad hair day. Carver (Jonathan Pryce) comes across as an over-excited  teenager with too many toys, spoiled and powerful, he is decidedly creepy.  As Carver he heads the Carver Cable Media Group, which is sort of the  Microsoft of the TV world. A ruthless company with so much money that  Carver, with the aid of a Chinese general, build a stealthy ship that they  use to sink a British missile frigate and steal one of its nuclear cruise  missiles. 	The theft is staged in such a fashion that it will be  blamed on the Chinese and ensuring the British will get involved. James has  48 hours to uncover all of this and put a stop to it. By the end of that  time the British Navy will be off China's coast, at which point Carver  plans to launch the stolen missile into Peaking and make it look as though  the British have launched a nuclear strike on China and starting what will  almost certainly become the third world war. CCMG will of course be there  to get the exclusive on the story, just like they did when the British  frigate sank. It's a contrived plot, but it has a nice intricacy to it that  nicely delineates Carver's insanity and the lengths he's willing to go to  in order to make news. 	The other of the so-called `Bond Women' is  Michelle Yeoh, who makes up for Hatcher in more ways than I can count. This  charming, almost elfin woman is one of the bigger female Hong Kong cinema  stars, and plays perky and aggressive Chinese operative Mai Lei (Uh-huh).  With the grace of a cat she routinely stays with Bond, and occasionally one  step ahead of him even though they are essentially on the same mission. And  while she is of course attracted to Mr. Bond, she would rather tease and  leave him handcuffed to a metal pipe than let him know. She also single  handedly beats up a bunch of thugs, finishing just before Bond arrives to  rescue her, (You go, girl!). 	So, of the Brosnan Bond movies,  `Goldeneye' and `Tomorrow Never Dies' are well worth your attention, `The  World Is Not Enough', the film that tells us weapons grade plutonium can be  carried in one's hands and you can fight next to an open reactor without  suffering the ill effects of both intense heat and hard radiation, isn't  worth the celluloid it was shot on. `Tomorrow Never Dies' also has some of  the best action sequences that I have ever seen in a Bond film, a decent  villain, and in the case of Michelle Yeoh, a dynamite leading lady. Go for  it, you know you want to.     