 Tim Burton films run hot and cold with me- Batman was superb, Batman: Returns was mediocre; Mars Attacks was excellent, Planet of the Apes was `see it for five bucks' type deal. Burton is maturing a lot from his earlier escapades and is no longer being weird for the sake of being weird, but instead tries to tell a story- there is nothing I hate more than directors who are too busy being artists to tell a story - must be why I don't like European films that much. Sleepy Hollow, on the other hand, is probably Burton's best film, because though he changes Washington Irving's original story quite a bit, he does such a good job of it that most people shouldn't or won't care. That and the film, the acting, the sets- everything look so darn good, that one can't help but to enjoy this retelling of one of America's first fairy tale. Johnny Depp (From Hell), who I must admit to being somewhat of a fan of, stars as Icabod Crane, a constable from New York City who is sent by a judge (Christopher Lee) to this Dutch farming village up north to investigate a series of grisly murders. Crane is a man of science who eschews religious faith in favor of rational thought and the scientific method, except he seems to be making it up as he goes along. When it's explained to him that these murders to committed by a headless Hessian mercenary from America's Revolutionary days, he naturally blows off the possibility, until he sees it for himself. There have been better on-screen epiphanies, but few end up with heads rolling into the hero's lap or cowering in a bed and hauling the covers up over one's head like a five year old. Depp's performance is wonderful, bringing to mind an absent minded professor who succeeds inspite of himself. Burton crafts everything perfectly- the village is the usual gothic weird- Sleepy Hollow becomes Gotham City with its tightly packed, narrow buildings. Colors are muted- greys, greens, browns and black is enhanced, giving the film a Dickensian dream-like quality. Christina Ricci (who may be one of the most beautiful women alive) plays Katrina Van Tassel, the unlikely heir to her father's fortunes and an `I think for myself' woman and secretly a witch in this deeply religious town. She falls for Icabod until his `science' and deductive reasoning leads him to believe that it is she who controls the Horseman (played by Christopher Walken). I found the underlying plot of the film- the reason why the Horseman is killing all of these people, very pleasing. So many movies these days like to cover the motivations of their villains in high minded ideals, but in Sleepy Hollow's case, it's good old fashioned greed, spite and revenge. Miranda Richardson (sigh!) appears as Katrina's retiring, helpful step mother and an instrument of pure evil, for it is she who possesses the Hessian's skull and who drives the Horsemen to commit these ghastly murders. Knocking off members of the community who are listed in the Van Tassel estate until she becomes the sole heir to her husband's fortune and this done because her own family had been treated so poorly by the Van Tassel's when she was a little girl. See? Good, honest motivations- greed, spite, revenge! And she sets about bumping off the likes of Ian McDiarmid (Attack of the Clones), Martin Landau (Ed Wood), and Richard Griffiths (the abusive step-father from the Harry Potter films), and better decapitations have not been seen in a movie in a long time! Burton's casting of this film could not have been better- everyone is superb in their roles. Even the loathsome Casper Van Dien (Starship Troopers), but since he gets pureed, I can live with it. At its core, Sleepy Hollow is a tongue-in-cheek action film, complete with chases, a grand explosion, sword fights and gun battles. But everything is so seamlessly crafted that it carries the viewer along. The Hessian is like the Terminator- a relentless, indefatigable killing machine, driven by his own desires to recover his head, but helpless under the power of its wielder. It has lots of atmosphere and manages to be genuinely creepy at times, even providing a few scares- something truly hard to accomplish in a film these days. A good twist on an old tale by a director who is coming into his own.     