 I really want to know who it is out there who seems to think that because you slap a recognizable name like Star Trek on a product and sell it is all one has to do. I also want to know how it is that two completely separate game companies, Interplay and Activision, can produce two separate games  (Starfleet Command and Star Trek: Armada) that work almost the same and  reek of the same shoddy workmanship. It is products like these that make me  realize why I have abandoned Star Trek fandom in the first place. Because  like Deep Space Nine and Voyager, they are so lacking in the creativity  that made the franchise so worthwhile in the first place. 	Starfleet  Command-a space combat game by Interplay (Quicksilver), is so bereft  intuitive control that it becomes a laborious task to make any ship you  control do anything useful. Case in point, in my first mission with my  frigate sent after Orion pirates, it took me 15 minutes just to hammer down  the enemy ship's shields and constantly fiddling with my ship's weapons  systems just to get it to fire at the Orion. Of course while all this is  going on my frigate is endless rotating and turning all over the map. Why  should it be harder to NOT do something than it is to do something. At  least in Armada you can simply drag-and-select your ship(s) and click  elsewhere on the map to get them to go there. In Starfleet Command, it  takes so long to get your ship to do anything that I was given to wonder  why I had to select crew members for my new ship in the first place. 	 And why, in the year 2000, with all the great computer games out there and  the high level of coding in those games, are we still playing so-called 3D  space combat games in 2 dimensions? I do not care if they is based on the  Starfleet Battles board game, I played that to and realized that it was  limitation with it as well. Why is it so hard to work in the 3rd dimension  and enable the player to go `Up' or `Down'? We live in a 3 dimensional  world and as Homeworld proved, it's easy to control, because the  programmers made an interface that was simple and intuitive as well as  functional. I am also given to wonder why people are not more critical  about products like this when they are so inferior when compared to similar  programs. If you comparison shop for a car, why wouldn't you do the same  for a piece of software. It isn't like Starfleet Command is the only one of  its kind. It is your money afterall. 	Just because it has `Star Trek'  tacked on to it does not automatically make it good: Remember Star Trek  Voyager? Maybe my standards are too high or maybe I shouldn't feel ripped  off for spending $... and having the pervasive sense of not getting my  money's worth.     