 I liked this book for a number of reasons. First, it's written well in the first person, which is sometimes hard to do. Second, it centers on a character who wasn't in the movies, former X-Wing pilot, Corran Horn. And  this is probably the big reason why I went through this book so quickly,  Star Wars is suffering from this sort of malaise that has crept into it  whereby the only stories we get are about the primary characters. It was  very refreshing to have a new character to explore with, what is more,  Corran Horn, while larger than life and heroic, is still very human and  ultimately likeable. I must admit that I was ignorant of the fact that he  was basically one of the stars of the X-Wings, most of which were written  by Stackpole, though I will read those as well. 	`I, Jedi' deals with  just what it means to actually become a Jedi. Barring Lucas' foolishness  of, unless you're a newborn, you're just too old to become a Jedi,  Stackpole does an excellent job of chronicling not only Horn's stint at the  Jedi Academy on Yavin IV, but the problems he encounters- both moral and  physical. Mr. Horn is a married man, and yet he is deeply attracted to a  female Jedi trainee by the name of Tionne, and must reconcile his feelings  for her while remembering that it is because of his wife, (Mirax), that he  is finally undergoing the training. It is also revealed that he has no  aptitude for telekinesis, and thus cannot hurl objects or leap great  distances. Stackpole constructs an elegant training program that tests Luke  Skywalker's students. He also brings up what appear to be the author's own  opinions on what it takes to be a Jedi. 	Corran Horn has come to  Yavin to complete his Jedi training under Luke Skywalker to better aid him  in his search for his wife, Mirax, who has gone missing while she was  looking for rare artifacts to purchase. I was very pleased to find a male  character who was so completely in love with his wife that he was willing  to undergo a very dramatic transformation just for her. And still human  enough to get the serious warmies for Tionne, the beautiful elf-like  Padawan-learner. Like a child Corran questions everything, even Skywalker,  and while the two are close friends it is obvious that Horn doesn't agree  with the way Luke is leading the academy, but has the courage to tell Luke  this then draw him into discussions on how to change things. 	There  are several cameos by the main characters, even Star Wars fandom's beloved  Mara Jade, whom as I have said elsewhere, is handled by Stackpole  marvelously. As well, Stackpole finally gives Luke Skywalker his due - in  the Zhan novels, Luke really was a wimp, he couldn't even take a clone of  himself let alone the clone of an 80 year old man. In `I, Jedi' Corran sees  just how competent the Jedi Master is in a fight with six Dark Force  Adepts, all armed with lightsabers. This book pleased me to no end and I  plan to read it again. I was hoping the Corran Horn would become the next  hero for the Star Wars universe, but unfortunately the time line marches on  and by `The New Jedi Order', he's obviously old guard and on the way out.  Too bad, the New Republic could use more heroes like him.     