 The Matrix...ahh, the Matrix is to cyberpunk what Mortal Kombat was to the martial arts genre-pablum. Yes, it did have completely awesome special effects, but as we have seen time and again, special effects do not a good movie make. Unfortunately, this appears to be all that is good about this  film that makes William Gibson's `Neuromancer' look the finest of  Shakespear's sonnets. It entertains, sure, but then again, so do a lot of  N-64 games, as long as you don't think about it too hard. Keanu Reeves does  not deserve to appear in the same scenes with the likes of Lawrence  Fishburne-who single handedly steals every one they share together. 	 Okay, Mark, you've complained a whole lot so far, but haven't said what the  Matrix is actually about. Okay, the Matrix is about this guy named Neo  (Reeves) who has a McJob that he hates, but when he goes home at the end of  the day, he becomes a cyber-guy and logs into America On-Line or something  where he can abandon his life of quiet desperation. He also notices that  the world sometimes isn't what it looks like, (and what it looks like is  Quake, because everything is olive green and grey). He meets Trinity  (Carrie-Anne Moss), who basically looks like she's undead in leather, and  she wants to show him a whole new world, but first must get Neo past the  sinister Agents, the leader of which played Tick in `Priscilla-Queen of the  Desert'. 	After `escaping' Neo wakes up in a black pod covered in  strawberry jam with dozens of tubes feeding into his body out of something  that resembles H.R. Geigar Lite. He also finds that there are millions upon  millions of McPods just like his. Now we meet Morpheus (Fishburne), who  out-cools Reeves at every turn, and we learn that there is a band of rebels  who have escaped the Matrix-a massive immersive virtual reality system that  all of humanity has been trapped in by evil robots that we created, (Geez,  you'd think we would have learned not to do things like that after the  Terminator thing). Now it gets dumb (er, dumber). 	The Robots and the  artificial intelligence that runs the planet are harvesting humans for heat  so that they may continue...doing what, we're never told, but keeping  humanity under wraps seems to be all they do. Now, Morpheus is convinced that Neo  is the Chosen One, a cyber-messiah who has come to save all of the  oblivious humans trapped in the Matrix. Forgetting of course that, if they  win, they have to clothe, house and feed billions of humans who might be  better off inside their pods. Morpheus trains Neo how to fight, thanks to a  healthy dose of plug-in skill chips that instantly teach martial arts and  weapons skills to anyone. The worst part about the  film is the betrayal. In much the same way as the Secret Service agent who  sold out the President in `Airforce One' made no sense, the betrayal in the  Matrix leaves the viewer going `Huh!  Where did that come from! " Because  in order to enter the Matrix, one must be supervised and plugged in-things  that can't be done on one's own. He will sell out Morpheus so that he may be  plugged back into the Matrix-all because he's tired of living on the crummy  submarine and eating reonstituted slop. 	The Matrix is slick, and it  does have its moments, but the story leaves a great deal to be desired. I  would like to say the action is fast paced, but it isn't because every  action scene is shot in slow motion-from NRA gun nut romp through the lobby  of an office tower where the Agents are hold Morpheus to the end sequences  within the subway, the break neck action scenes seem to last forever, and  it gets tedious. It is cookie-cutter entertainment in much the same way  that `Independence Day' was-it's great as long as you don't think about it  too hard. Of the three blockbuster movies of 1999-The Phantom Menace, The  Matrix, and The Mummy, The Mummy is the best pick of the bunch. If you want  to discover good cyberpunk, read Neuromancer or Islands in the Net.     