 When I first loaded up Legacy of Kain: Defiance the first thing that struck me was how good everything looked, in fact, I have never seen a PS2 game that looked better. More detail, more objects with more polys and better textures than either Soul Reaver 2 or Blood Omen 2. Soul Reaver 2 I consider the best game I have ever played on the Playstation- and I was hoping that Defiance would carry the quality of story and unforgettable voice acting to the next level, and while Michael Bell and Simon Templeton (Raziel and Kain's voice actors), are clearly at the top of their form, Crystal Dynamics decided to scale back the story in favor of more action. I had mixed feelings about that because it sounded as though they were dumbing down the franchise in favor of more glitz. They haven't- the revamped combat system includes several new maneuvers and special abilities that really go a long way to making Defiance is a more exciting experience and I'm betting many fans of the older games might like the fact that the 10 minute cut scenes with all their flowery dialog are gone. 	To be sure the story is deep as it carries on after the events in SR2- 500 years after and begins with Kain infiltrating the Sarafan stronghold to confront Moebius while Raziel has spent the past five centuries in the underworld. Raziel has discovered that his destiny is to be the spirit that will inhabit the Soul Reaver blade and this understandably has him a little upset. The core theme of Defiance is simply that- the exertion of free will over fate. Kain believes that no one except perhaps Raziel has free will and is moving through events to find him as well as his own answers. Raziel is in the unique position of being outside the rules in some instances to the point of  being able to avoid the scrutiny of the Time Streamer, Moebius. This enables Raziel to journey about Nosgoth with some freedom- exploring the world and learning more and more about his past and perhaps find a clue as to how to avoid his terrible fate. 	One of the interesting aspects of the game, aside from switching between Kain and Raziel from chapter to chapter, is they are visiting the same places and essentially looking for the same answers, separated by 500 years and together they assemble the story for the player. The downside to this is you essentially are doing the same things twice in some cases, even to the point where Raziel must reforge the Reaver as he did in SR2. Fortunately, these missions seem secondary and are quite a bit easier than they were in SR2, taking little time to accomplish. In the reforging of the blade they made each new enhancement permanent and Raziel can switch between the elemental enhancements as the player sees fit rather than having to find the correct elemental font to reimbue the blade with the energy type needed. Kain also enhances that physical Reaver- new powers abound for both characters such as invisibility, a dimensional attack that allows Kain to execute attacks on several targets at once, and the awesome improvement they made to each characters telekinesis- allowing either Kain or Raziel to fling opponents into walls or off cliffs with a quick snap of a O button. Multiple successive attacks on foes also charges each Reaver allowing Kain or Raziel to crack off additional spells. Both characters are much tougher than their previous incarnations. 	Raziel perhaps goes through the most changes- he no longer re-enters the physical world using the swirling dimensional gates, instead he must find an area in the spectral realm where a body is buried. Raziel shifts, inhabiting the corps which he then discards, assuming his normal blue bad-ass form. Additionally, he no longer seems to regenerate slowly in the Spectral Realm, plus his ability to devour souls is no longer at odds with the Reaver's hunger. He can feed and thereby sustain himself much easier than he could in SR2. He can feed the Reaver, but instead of just absorbing the soul, the Reaver is charged faster enabling him to cast spells. Both Kain and Raziel can also dodge foes like never before- executing tumbles, leaps, somersaults and quick shifts to mist form to avoid attacks. 	Graphically, Defiance is one big piece of eye candy- areas are huge and very well detailed- colors and textures are very lavish- things like fog, smoke and light effects are used sparingly and to great effect with the `less is more' philosophy. As I said, graphics are very much improved over the older games and the PS2 handles most of them quite well and I only noticed one segment (Kain's battle with Sarafan on the draw bridges), where there was a noticeable drop in frame rate. Music is also first rate and is best described as `funky gothic'- lots of drums and low buzzing synthesizer tunes, whispers and metallic clanks that combine to give the music a very original and unusual feel. Sound effects are unusual and often creepy, especially during Raziel's stints in the Spectral Realm- disembodied voices, screams, crying- very well used in all instances. 	If I have any complaints, it would be choice of camera positions. In SR2, in fact most of the Legacy of Kain games, the camera was squarely over the character's shoulder, in Defiance the camera is unbound, and positioning seems to be based on where the character is in the level. While this adds a neat cinematic feel to the action, it makes certain leaps and jumps difficult because often you can't see where you're jumping to. I noticed this especially in Raziel's first mission when he has to escape from the Elder God in the Spectral Realm- I must have attempted two of the last jumps 20 times each before I got it just right. Second, Kain's objectives seem a little more vague than Raziel's, at least to me. It's balanced out by the fact that the player spends more time as Raziel.     