 There are few games inspired by movies that capture the feel of those movies as well as Dark Forces II: Jedi Knight has. It isn't any one thing that does it, be it the music, the graphics, the characters or the sound  effects, that draw the player so completely into the game until all senses  are immersed in the environment, but rather they all combine so perfectly  that Jedi Knight accomplishes just that. If I had anything approaching a  complaint it might be that those 20 levels go by awfully fast. 	The  player assumes the role of and control of Kyle Katarn, a former Imperial  agent who turned against the Empire to help the Rebellion against the  fearsome new Dark Trooper project. Now, it's five years later and the  Empire has been defeated, but Katarn hasn't been sitting on his laurels,  this time it's personal. Kyle's father, Morgan, has been murdered and a  disk he had made for Kyle has been stolen by Jerrik, the sinister leader of  cabal of Dark Jedi whom he is leading with the aid of a faction of Imperial  soldiers, to find a world upon which thousands of Jedi fought a battle  centuries earlier and their souls are now trapped there. It is Jerrk's plan  to tap that power for himself, a transformation that may spell doom for the  fledgling New Republic. 	The game starts with Kyle escaping from a  death trap on the moon of Nar Shadda, laid by the mercenary droid 8T-88  whom he must find in order to retrieve the lost disk. As Kyle you must  fight your way trough legions of blaster-toting and thermal detonator  throwing grans and quick, trigger happy rodians in order to achieve your  objectives. Running, ducking and a fine sense of balance are needed to make  your way through the first three Nar Shadda levels and once the disk has  been found, Kyle must escape Imperial reenforcements with the help of his  best friend, Jan Ors, (played by the stunning Angela Harrie). It is after  the escape that Kyle has his first vision, a visitation by the Jedi Knight  Qu Rahn (Benoit Gregory), who tells him of Jerrik's evil plan and  encourages Kyle to become a Jedi. 	From Nara Shadda its off to Kyle's  home planet of Sulon, an agroworld where he must find the old family robot,  WeeGee, who can play the encrypted disk. Kyle also receives Rahn's  lightsaber and before long his destiny is set. The way LucasArts handled  the application of Jedi powers is brilliant, as is their ease of use.  Players gain `stars' by finding secret areas, these stars are then applied  to an ever increasing selection of neutral Jedi abilities (Super speed,  Force Jump, Force Seeing and Force Pull). After these are mastered, the  player has the option to become either a Light or Dark Jedi with  corresponding powers. While the Dark Side powers are nice and flashy, they  are not nearly as useful as the Light Side abilties. 	Light Side  powers include: Force Blinding that you can use to dazzle opponents so they  miss you with their shots, Force Protection, a literal force field that  resists all damage, Force Persuasion that allows you sneak in unnoticed,  and Force Absorption which allows the player to absorb the Dark Side  energies wielded against you, and finally Force Heal, which heals damage.  Dark Side powers include: The Grip which lets you crush people, Force Throw  that allows you to hurl large objects at your foes, Deadly Sight, which  immolates your enemies and Force Destruction, which hurls a bolt of  powerful energy at your opponents. 	From Kyle's home on Sulon it's  off to the city of Baron's Hed where Kyle must now go in order to learn the  location of the Lost Valley of the Jedi. It is also here that he must  battle the first of the Dark Jedi, a young man named Yun who is all to  eager to please his dark master. From there Kyle makes his way onboard a  freighter bound for the planet with the Valley and where he must also  battle Gorc and Pic-dark twins of the Force. And again LucasArts must be  praised for sheer perfection with which the excuted lightsaber dueling in a  first person view game. Players can parry attacks while performing slick  and flashy maneuvers on their own. 	I won't reveal any more of what  happens through out the game to those people who may have not yet had a  chance to play this classic. I think one of the several reasons why this  game is so memorable are the live action cut scenes, (which were the first  Star Wars footage shot in almost fifteen years). Kyle is handsome and  dashing, Jan Ors is beautiful and witty, and the other characters like  Rahn, Jerrik and his henchmen Maw, Boc, the beautiful and deadly Sariss all  go a long way to immerse the player in the finest first person shooter I  have ever played. I still find enjoyment in this title, even though it is  four years old and starting to look dated, the game still holds my  attention. Of the Star Wars games released to date, this is by far the most  superior, engrossing and ultimately rewarding of the lot.     