 I can't imagine owning my ferret Tycho without the aid of this book. When my ferret lost weight and began vomiting, I panicked and agonized over what could possibly be wrong with the little guy. After he calmed down and I calmed down, I grabbed this indispensable tome and began reading to see if I could figure out what might be wrong. It turns out that ferrets are some times susceptible to all manner of little bugs just like we are, and while they can be worrisome, do not actual long term harm. And that's all it was, a virus had nailed Tycho and weight loss was a common seasonal thing. A trip to the vet confirmed our what we had read. Tycho is much better, and so are we. Kim Schilling's book is probably the best there is for owning a fert. She gives all sorts of insights into what makes them tick-how they play, what their body language means-something that taught us a valuable lesson during a thunder storm. Tycho was so frightened by the noise that when my wife picked him up and went face to face with him to sooth him, Tycho sunk his teeth into her chin, then did the same to me. We both missed his frizzed out tail and fur-something that told should have told us to stay away for a little while, but we didn't know any better until after we had read the book. It has a wonderful section on health, including numerous diseases and their symptoms. It covers playing, food, housing, even breeding, plus has a wealth of state by state resources, ferret shelters and contacts for the reader. Only a dummy would buy a pet, any pet, without doing research into them first. Ferrets more than just about any other pet, need to be researched thoroughly before bringing one home for the first time. We had only read one book before getting Tycho, but we probably should have read more. Now that I have read `Ferrets for Dummies', I am a little wiser in the ways of carpet sharks. I love my ferret, he's a good pal to read with as he bounds around the bed nibbling toes or burrowing under blankets. It's gratifying to know that he thinks I've done a good job raising him with his numerous kisses. Buy this book and understand what you're getting into. Ferrets are great pets, but they are a high maintenance pet. They require attention, care, and love. But you know what? You will get it all back and then some.     