 Buying a digital camera these days seems to be about as easy as using a spoon to empty Lake Superior. It's a daunting task to say the least, simply because there are so many different manufacturers out there and each makes several cameras. Worse, there are some companies that shouldn't be making digital cameras because the products are so lousy (Polaroid springs to mind). I myself looked at several cameras under five-hundred dollars and above two-hundred dollars as a starting point. I also had criteria including things like I didn't care whether it could capture video. All I wanted was a camera that took pictures and could then transfer those images to my PC. Once I started this process, narrowing down what camera I wanted became a little easier. There aren't many digital cameras out there that can take pictures as well as a half decent 35mm SLR, at least not yet. Some make a very good attempt at it, but, and this is an important but, you're buying the convenience of not having to spend money developing rolls and rolls of film. Another criteria I looked at was storage medium- Compact Flash cards, Sony's proprietary memory sticks or the new XD cards. After examining the different media types, I found I didn't care which one my future camera took. How many of these things are you gonna need, anyway? Between the 16 mb card that came with the camera and the 64 mb card I bought with it, I can store about 250-300 high quality images. That's a lot of pictures and considering you can review and the delete the ones you don't like, freeing up extra space. So unless you're taking a 3-month tour of Europe, it is unlikely that you will run out of memory to store pictures. Initially I had settled on the Sony DSCP7 3.2 mega-pixel camera, but at the last minute jumped ship and purchased the FijiFilm FinePix A303- another smaller 3.2 mega pixel camera and haven't really regretted doing so. It's a wonderful little (about 3 x 2 x 1 inches) silver box that takes good quality images. It has everything I wanted- 6x total zoom, USB port for connecting to my PC, built in flash, built in timer, and red eye reduction. And like anything, it also had to be easy to use, because taking pictures shouldn't be work, but a part of the fun. The A303 can also take video without sound, but that doesn't matter to me since I also own a video camera and if I'm camping on traveling around, I carry both in the same bag. Having owned it for a little over a month, I have found only two irritating functions. First, it eats batteries like there's no tomorrow. In day light, with the view screen turned off and no flash, you might be able to fill a 64 mb card before the batteries die, but if you use the flash and/or screen, forget it- you'll be changing batteries before you know it. The second thing it does and this is the killer because I lost pictures because of it, is if you scroll through images using the review function and don't go all the way to the end, you will overwrite images in memory when you start taking new pictures. I found this out the hard when on a canoe trip when I discovered that several pictures of a white tailed deer drinking from the river side were overwritten by later photos of friends around the camp fire. The first failing is forgivable- alkaline and rechargeable batteries are cheap, but replacing pictures like those are not. It's going to cost the camera a star. Some reviewers have also complained about its plastic construction- okay, so it's made of plastic- what isn't these days? That aside, though, I am very happy with the A303- it does exactly what I want: takes good pictures quickly and easily that I can send to my family and friends. It's economical considering I don't have to pay to develop pictures or even wait to have them developed. It's small and easy to carry and now that I know about the overwriting foible, it won't happen again because I'll know better. For what it costs and for what you get, it's a great value, fun and easy to use. I don't regret buying and the pictures I've taken have made some people very happy.     