 It's nice that period movies are still made, because it gives oft over looked classical composers jobs instead of farming the music out to obnoxious (noxious) present day pop music bands. It is also nice that such  music would be completely out of place in a film like Gladiator, which is  Hans Zimmer and Lisa Gerrard come in. Both composers, along with Klaus  Badelt and Djivan Gasparyan have produced a sonic epic that accompanies and  compliments Scott's film wonderfully. When I first saw Gladiator I was very  impressed with the music, but always wonder how it will sound on its own.  Unlike Basil Poledouris' score for Starship Troopers, which works great in  the film, it falls completely flat on its own. The Gladiator Soundtrack  does not. 	While I highly doubt Ridley Scott is a fan of Xena, I  suspect Lisa Gerrard has at least a passing knowledge of Joseph LoDuca's  work scoring the series, because some of Gladiator's pieces share much with  his work. However, where the music really shines is Zimmer's powerful and  resonant recreation of Holst's Mars for tracks 3 and 10, `The Battle' and  `Strength and Honor', which were used for the beginning battle against the  Germanic tribes and later in the gladiator blood sports. While Holst's  original Mars is potent, Zimmer's is more forceful, evocative of the power  of the Roman Empire and her legions and of Maximus himself. This music  could have easily been used for some great science fiction epic with  massive capital ships squaring off against one and other in the vastness of  space. Mars becomes less of a march than dirge like battle music. 	 Gerrard's pieces are more quiet and less energetic, but no less important.  Hers are the more somber and introspective pieces like the portentous `The  Wheat' (track 2), that is used both at the beginning to foretell of  Maximus' eventual demise, and at the end of the film at he is solemnly  carried out of the arena by fellow gladiators. Her pieces are more like  soliloquies spoken with instruments and carry the listener into focusing on  Maximus, his importance, and his achievements, both as a general and as a  gladiator. 	I like this soundtrack for a number of reasons. It's  never boring, because it is so variable between the various tracks that the  listener's ear never gets tired. It adds verve and emotion to the film,  accentuating the key scenes in which the music is showcased extremely well.  Plus I am glad that Scott chose less well known composers to score his  film. While composers like John Williams, Gerry Goldsmith, and James Horner  at wonderful at their craft, they do tend to repeat themselves, Goldsmith  and Horner especially. All one has to do is listen to Goldsmith's `Total  Recall' and `The Mummy' soundtracks to see the similarities, especially  during the chase sequences. Same with Horner between, say his score for  `Star Trek II' and `Aliens'. 	If you like classical soundtracks,  especially unusual ones like the Xena scores, I highly recommend this. It  works very well at high volumes so that it captures that power of the film.  This is an excellent piece of work, highly musical. and worthy addition to  anyone's soundtrack collection.     