 I think there is a reason why accurate flight simulators are few and far between on the consoles. With only a few buttons, a d-pad, and thumb-sticks on a controller, there isn't a great deal of input choices that would make up for a keyboard and full-blown flight stick. Flight sim developers are plane nuts and they strive for accuracy, many gaining access to the real aircraft, even taking test flights in them. Ace Combat 4 is not such a game. It's a fun romp through a campaign across a fictional nation that much is certain, but it has all the depth of a wading pool.  Combat is a simple matter of simply getting close enough to lock up an enemy plane and firing a missile while evading an incoming missile is as easy as turning and breaking. Also I know for a fact that real world aircraft do not carry upwards of 82 missiles.  Flight dynamics are a joke; there is little difference between piloting an A-10 Thunderbolt or a F-15, characteristically, both air craft handle pretty much the same, save that the F-15 is faster. Realism goes out the window as one can usually out-maneuver an F-16 in an F-4; whereas in reality an F-16 would fly circles around the venerable Phantom. Aside from carrying five or six times the missile load out, missiles themselves are equally good at shooting down aircraft as they are blowing up tanks and hardened targets like bunkers. Fire a Sidewinder or a Sparrow at a modern battle tank and even providing you could hit it, the missile might scratch the paint. There's a great difference between aircraft aluminum and layered and ablative chobham tank armor. Bombs are equally weird, Mk-82 500 lb GBs seem to shoot out of your aircraft as if launched from a cannon. When doing a bombing run you can actually see them fly on ahead of you towards their target.  What also got me was how useless the M-61 20mm gattling gun is on most aircraft. I did a little research  a few years ago and found that the cannon is incredibly accurate. Its spread pattern of 1-3 meters, even at two or three thousand meters range, indicates a 60 to 90% hit ratio. In Ace Combat 4 however, it's a bullet hose with all the accuracy of Fox News. The real weapon is so accurate because its muzzle velocity is so high, and thus overcomes gravity and wind resistance to a greater degree. In other words, shooting down another aircraft is very difficult, because you have to hit it so many times and providing you can maintain a close target lock long enough to pump enough rounds into it. This includes the A-10s 30mm Avenger cannon, the depleted uranium slugs of which will chew up battleship hull armor.  These are pretty glaring faults for a game, but despite these, I found myself enjoying the game a great deal on my first play through. I liked the story as told by a young boy whose village is under enemy occupation. I generally like games that let you pick and choose what aircraft and weapons you wish to fly for each mission that is if you have earned enough money to buy such aircraft to give yourself that kind of choice. Each mission gives a series of objectives that must be met to earn cash, a little like anime `Area 88' where mercenaries on both sides battle in the skies over Africa, and use earned money to buy new planes or repair their existing aircraft. You also get a boatload of weapons; various bombs- guided and otherwise, laser guided Mavericks, and Phoenix missiles- which are actually really cool, because when armed, they lock up everything in front of you. And when you fire, you launch as many missiles as you have targeted aircraft.  So, from a realism aspect, Ace Combat 4 misses the carrier deck by such a wide margin that it's in a completely different ocean. I can accept that; because it's fun. And fun is the name of the game. Going after the massive guns of the Stonehenge base and racing down the Death Start II tunnel system to wipe out Monolith, is darn cool. The lack of mission outline, the fact that missions are timed, and the fact that mission's objectives are handled pell-mell; is not. The plane graphics are great, and the landscape images are good from a distance. The combat chatter is fun, but you don't get to hear enemy in your cockpit in real life. Ace Combat 4 is a fun game, but a long, long way from being a real flight simulator or even accurate.     