 Owning a ferret is a little like owning a child - they require your full attention and a great deal of time, especially when they're young. When we bought our first ferret, Tycho, my wife and I had already done a little research and so we had some idea of what to expect. We should have done more, however. They're a handful, but ultimately worth it, because most ferrets are not only cute and cuddly, but smarter than most dogs and like cats, genuinely curious in most things in their environment. Before bringing your little carpet shark home it is important to know what you're getting into. Prospective ferret owners should do plenty of research before taking the plunge and buying one or more of the little cuties. E. Lynn Morton's book presents an easy to read yet detailed fact book about fuzzies, basics like nutrition- ferrets are carnivores and cannot handle a vegetarian diet, and even explains proteins and how they can differ depending on the source. Discipline and how it should be done- and I have found that most books recommend the same basic techniques, none of which require hitting your ferret or even flicking its nose. And it was thanks to this book it explained seasonal weight loss and gains, something that had us very worried when Tycho shed a half pound in just a short while. It also talks about diseases common to ferrets and detail about their biology. It has plenty of pictures of fuzzies, cages, toys, bedding, and what is and is not acceptable for ferrets to live in, sleep in and play with. More importantly it asks the reader to think about the time they will have to spend after getting their carpet shark- they require more care than either kittens or puppies at first and when they're out of their cages, require constant supervision. Tycho is joy to own, but it hasn't been all roses. He bit a lot and got into things he shouldn't have, but at six months of age we own a very loving and happy ferret who plays with us and new kitten pal, Fenix. Thanks to books like this and the others my wife and I have read, we're a little smarter for the experience and have a great new pet.     