 Anyone from Minneapolis or Montreal is likely to play this game and think it's a simulation of driving in either of those cities with the added attraction of extreme property damage. I had debated buying this game for many months and while I am a huge Simpsons fan, many of the PS2 games I have played have been really awful. In fact, from where I stand, about one game in ten is worth playing, much less actually own it. I also usually try to never pay full price of a PS2 game if I can and if that means waiting for it to be reduced in price or made a `Greatest Hits' title, then so be it. 	`The Simpsons: Road Rage' is one of those games. I can't imagine anyone paying full price for this game, playing it and think it was a good bargain. Don't get me wrong, it's not a bad game on the same level that `Time Splitters' was a bad game, rather there just isn't enough to do but pick people up and drop them off somewhere else as quickly as possible or running things down in the so-called `Mission Mode'. Destroying stuff would be at least be visually pleasing if when you crashed into something, instead of the polygon model breaking apart, it exploded like most things in the Simpsons (rabbits, Chief Wiggum in a garbage can), I mean, how many times has a car crashed in the Simpsons and NOT exploded? Right, about 4 times.  	What's worse is it isn't even that funny. The dialog never seems strained, the actors do their part wonderfully, rather what they say isn't going to win any Emmies. My question here is, in 14 seasons of the Simpsons there have been about 10,000 really funny lines and even if only 5% pertained to cars and driving, they could have just sampled them and stuck them into the game. But no, we get lines like "Everyone's a psycho but me." from Lisa or "You'd make me the happiest Christian in the world if you could take me to the church!" from Flanders. Would have been so hard to go to Gracie Films and borrow some of their writers for this game in order to get some GOOD lines? Funny video games are possible, anyone remember `Sam and Max Hit the Road'? 	Also, the game presents some funny glitches, like two Apu's standing on opposite sides of the street waiting to be picked up. Or the time when driving as Bart I dropped Marge off at the `She She Lounge'. I found Marge waiting to be picked up in the middle of Lake Springfield standing on an island. Later, I found Krusty waiting there as well. Graphics are so-so. A mixed bag of great character models and detailed locations seen in the show, but almost everything else is pretty low-rez and over anti-aliased. Some buildings don't even have textures on all sides. The physics model actually isn't that bad and I wish cars in Gran Tourismo handled as well as the ones in the game do. In that vein, all cars drive and handle the same- whether it's Bart's soap box racer or Marge's Canyonaro. 	As a Simpsons fan I can barely justify the twenty clams I laid out for this game. It will actually be worth it when it gets to half that.     