 It never ceases to amaze that, no matter how conservative the news media gets, there is always someone out there decrying the liberal media and its heinous shortcomings for reporting the news. Don't believe me when I say the media is conservative? Then revealing that Fox News is run by a cousin of Dubya should make no difference at all. And this is where Michael Moore comes in. With each page of his new book, `Stupid White Men', I found something that I already knew or something new that I didn't and found my rage made articulate by Moore's humor and gift for words. This could be a companion book for Al Franken's `Rush Limbaugh is a Big Fat Idiot', though Moore doesn't waste any time ... on his complete debasement of facts. `Stupid White Men' is an account, not only of [George Bush's] rigging and theft of the 2000 elections, again, something I already knew, but also the horrendous policies and laws that spewed forth from Republicans like vomit into the faces of the American people, now so terrified they will undoubtedly welcome the new TIPS informant system that will enable families and friends to rat each other out as terrorists. How McCarthy-istic! How like Nazi Germany! But Moore's tongue and cheek approach makes `Stupid White Men' imminently enjoyable, a satire laden with facts and information, some which I already had verified before reading them here. And what he points out in simple, no-nonsense terms is that; we as a nation are in big trouble. I [dislike] Republicans; they're evil ....  Democrats, he illustrates by listing all of these so-called liberals and the percentages by which they voted in Republican polices, have sold us all out and are nothing more than the second Republican party. He also doesn't fret to point out those Republicans who voted against some of [George Bush's]policies, such as drilling for oil in Alaska to sell to Japan. The myth that the Democrats fought for the little guy has been dead for a long time, `Stupid White Men' simply knocks the last few nails into the coffin. His chapter entitled `Kill Whitey' is highly amusing, while at the same time provocative as he recounts that every lousy thing that people have done to him in his life, has been done by white people. And yet the so-called liberal media (sicker) demonizes blacks as if they are the sole cause of the nation's ills, when it's pretty clear to anyone who doesn't read Rush Limbaugh or listen to Pat Buchanon, that this is clearly not the case. `Idiot Nation' is his look at the out-right attack Republicans and everyone else are making on the nations schools. They slash funding, gut libraries and pay teachers nothing then have the audacity to wonder why our schools are so lousy. Then use it as an excuse to want to privatize them or use their state as an excuse for their voucher program for religious schools. Because they know they can't cram religion down our throats in public schools, because that darn old Constitution keeps getting in the way. I didn't really care for his section on world problems, like the Middle East or Ireland. Yes, what is he said right, but his little letter to Arafat about passive resistance and civil disobedience just didn't seem appropriate given the seriousness of the situation. However, I suspect Mike was succumbing to the frustration we all feel whenever a suicide bomber blows up a night club in Tel Aviv or Israely soldiers gun down a bunch of students throwing rocks, and the helplessness that comes with both. Neither the Right nor the Left have answer for this one, I'm afraid. About the only thing we can all agree upon is that is has to stop. Soon. There is more, but I can't help myself from turning this review into a rant or my own soap box (surely not! ed.) So the only real option is to buy it and read it for yourself. From what I have heard, it keeps selling so fast that it's already in its 19th printing. ... Maybe Mike's right- maybe we need to boot these `Stupid White Men' out of power, because what they're doing just ain't working.     