 I don't know, maybe it was that severe blow to the head I suffered when I was six, but something has given me a weak spot for hard luck cases- those  movies that are so terrible that I actually like them, sort of like a  good-bad movie. It's kinda hard to explain properly, like `Independence  Day', you know it was silly and contrived, but you liked it despite of  that? This is pretty much what I felt like watching this turd of a film-  about half way through it I found myself really liking it. I wasn't really  old enough to watch the original series, and it never saw much by way of  reruns, at least where I was living at the time. However, I did see  episodes later and life, and well, the movie is a distinct improvement.  They also played it straight instead of for laughs, though with a  particularly wooden William Hurt as Dr. Robinson, it wasn't much of a  stretch. 	Matt LeBlanc takes a welcome departure from `Friends' to  assume the role of the Jupiter II's pilot, Major Don West, a part that he  was made to play. In fact, he's probably my favorite character, even beyond  Gary Oldman's portrayal of the inept saboteur, Dr. Smith. The women of the  movie were cast by virtue of how well they appeared in tight fitting rubber  and/or spandex outfits, this of course only adds to the film's overall  visual appeal. Mimi Rogers portrays John Robinson's equally wooden wife,  Maureen, and actually comes across as a fairly extraneous character, since  it appears her only job appears to scold the men when they get out of  control. Rounding out the kid quotient of the film is Heather Graham as  Judy Robinson, who appears to be a graduate of the Robert A. Heinlein  school of women, and Lacey Chabert plays the delightfully cute n' snarky  Penny Robinson. Lastly is Jack Johnson, who plays young Will Robinson, and  it pleased me because he scored very low on the Jake Lloyd  Annoy-O-Meter. 	That about covers it for the cast, now for plot... 	 Just kidding. The technology in this film is far in advance of what 2050  stuff will be like, and I had the same feeling watching this as I did with  `Event Horizon'. Anyway, the Earth has become one massive stink bomb,  because we have simply over populated and over polluted the planet to the  point where it can no longer sustain us. Not too hard to believe, really,  we're almost there now. So they conceive a plan to build a space craft that  will carry a family to a planet called Alpha Prime (don't ask me, I figured  it was Proxima Centauri), where they will build a hyperspace gateway that  will allow mass transit there by the rest of humanity so we can stink up  that planet as well. The catch is there is a terrorist faction on Earth  that wants to do all this for themselves, so they hire Dr. Smith to  sabotage the Jupiter II and its mission. He does this by reprogramming the  ships robot, (called: Robot), but is abandoned by his benefactors, stunned  unconscious and is onboard when the Jupiter II launches. Oopsee. 	 This film has a lot of really silly moments in it, but, there is much her  to enjoy. The effects are wonderful, especially the eye-popping fly by of  the exploding Proteus star ship-a sequence that takes a full 20 seconds  from start to finish. And while the technology is too advanced, it has a  wonderful high tech look it. Though I am given to wonder what kind of moron  builds space craft with hyperdrive systems that do not allow you to plot a  destination, I am willing to overlook such flaws. This movie is fun, has  lovely visuals in both the effects and the cast. Matt LeBlanc and Gary  Oldman together make up the best parts of the cast, and their interplay is  good fun. This isn't really science fiction, rather it's SCIFI (pronounced  sciffy), but it's light and easily digestible.     