 I don't know, I really liked this goofy little film, it had a lot of things I like in big budget B-science fiction films, not least of which is  Jamie Lee Curtis who seems to be enjoying the Weaver effect wherein she  becomes more beautiful as she matures. I mean, sure we have seen this film  before in Alien, Leviathan, The Enemy Within, the list is actually endless,  but who cares, because `Virus' had some neat ideas to spruce up the old  concept of a haunted house. It also had some first rate talent, as Donald  Sutherland plays an extra crusty captain of the tug vessel Sea Star that  loses its barge of uninsured cargo in the middle of hurricane. However,  William Baldwin hasn't got anywhere near the talent or class of his  brother, Alec, and seems to coast through this film like he does in  anything he does. 	When a Russian research vessel monitoring the Mir  space station comes in contact with an alien space craft that infects it  with some form of attack program, it downloads it into a sea going  monitoring vessel. This program immediately learns all its can from the  database and sets about to make some little robot buddies. After a while it  discovers that its can't build some of the more advanced robot parts and  instead substitutes human body parts for those it can't make. When the Sea  Star finds the damaged Russian ship the suicidal captain believes they can  salvage it then force the Russian's to pay for the expensive ship's return,  but only so long as they aren't any survivors. 	The crew of the Sea  Star searches the dead ship- the power has been shut off and every  transmitter has been destroyed. And once power is restored things begin to  happen, such as crew members disappear while little scuttling attack robots  armed with nail guns begin to appear. Reactivated, the malevolent AI  continues its previous task of building cyborgs-robots assembled with human  parts it cannot build. The machine that begin to appear are gruesome  monstrosities-mechanical legs with muscles strong between them, bare skulls  with partial brains, etc. lots of H.R. Geiger type stuff. However, I myself  would have preferred a purely robotic look rather than add the visceral  human element. When the find a pretty science officer huddled in a locker,  the crew disbelievingly learns the fate of the crew, the captain just wants  to kill her so there aren't any survivors. 	The captain will get his  wish when he sells out his crew by convincing the AI that he is the  dominant life form among the humans which the AI considers an infections- a  Virus. The AI thanks the captain by eviscerating him then sends the new  Captain cyborg out after his former crew which is currently flooding holds  with fuel so they can blow up the ship. The captain has given the AI the  location of an island which contains a series of satellite transmitters  there which it can use to broadcast itself across the planet, infecting  everything. The success of which would actually make a pretty cool movie in  itself, sort of like Terminator but caused by aliens. Anyway, realizing  what is going on around it the AI dispatches its heaviest combat cyborg to  deal with these pesky human viruses before they blow up the ship. 	 There are some silly things in this movie, and the characters are not all  that likeable, and I would have preferred the Sea Star crew to be a little  closer knit. These people have worked together for years one assumes and  the captain pulls a gun on his engineer in the first five minutes of the  film. The special effects are first rate, especially a lot of the model  work with the Russian science ship being tossed around in a hurricane. The  robots are very nice, with a neat arachnid look to them, but I would have  preferred if they had gone with the idea that, with each successive  generation of `bots built they look more and more advanced. Oh well. I  liked Virus-it had good effects, good gore, and Jamie Lee Curtis in a tight  purple sweater, and honestly, what else are you looking for in a film like  this?     