 ... I really don't know what the conservatives who have read this book are complaining about; calling this book thinly veiled hatred attack on Limbaugh and Republicans. Franken doesn't veil his hatred, it's right out there in open for everyone to laugh at and enjoy. I mean, anyone with a modicum of intelligence who has spent any time at all listening to Limbaugh's view of things know full well that he is exactly what Franken says he is. It takes next to no effort to check out FAIR's website and a few other sources to cross check and verify that most of what Limbaugh states is nothing more than hot air spewed forth in an attempt to obfuscate what's really going on. While I admit that Franken spends a little too much time on things like Limbaugh's weight and choice of neckties, the rest of it is merely a series of humorous essays where he takes Limbaugh to task on a lot of things he has said, and proves them to be wildly inaccurate or outright fabrications. But he doesn't stop there. Franken happily points out that Republicans like Limbaugh, Gingich, Dick Armey, Phil Gramm (student deferment), Pat Buchanan (he had a bad knee), etc. who seem to have no trouble referring to Viet Nam and accusing Clinton of being draft dodger, when they themselves also found very creative ways to avoid not going themselves. Funniest of all we learn that Limbaugh, who touts Reagan as the greatest president nation has ever seen, never actually voted for him. Rush never registered to vote until he was 35. He illustrates the reason why Limbaugh rarely gives interviews. It's easy for Limbaugh to sit in front of his mostly white audience and slander people or better still, behind his microphone in a radio studio and attack so-called `liberal compassion fascists', because no one is around to call him on anything. He is apparently notoriously thin skinned and incapable of defending himself against questions about his behavior as rivers of sweat flow of his corpulent body. But he doesn't stop there. New Gingich is another favorite target of Franken's... Franken completely sinks Limbaugh's claims of how great Reagan was for this country. Limbaugh likes to deny the explosive debt Reagan racked up in his eight years, as if two-trillion dollars was chump change. He undercuts Limbaugh's own fact-less explanation of how Reagan's tax cuts really benefitted the poor. But since they didn't, Limbaugh had to play with the numbers on his charts to make it look as though the poorest of the poor got huge tax cuts while the rich got hosed... Franken's wit, however, is off-set slightly by the jumbled nature of the book. It seems unevenly edited as he jumps back and forth between topics and chapters. But that doesn't detract much from his brilliant (if phony) conversations with Limbaugh's `fact checker', Waylan, a job I'd love to have since it apparently doesn't involve much of anything. If things like `Styrofoam is biodegradable and paper isn't' or `There is more acreage of trees now then there was when Columbus arrived' can get through, what exactly is the fact checker doing... But don't take Al Franken's word for it, don't take mine, either. Buy Limbaugh's book, `The Way Things Ought to Be', then go to your local library and government web sites or their published books of statistics and check things out for yourself. `Rush Limbaugh is a Big Fat Idiot and Other Observations' is in my mind the best compromise for a title, since calling it `Rush Limbaugh is a Big Fat Liar and So Are All of His Republican Heroes' would have been too cumbersome. I enjoyed this book immensely, though I feel Franken really does believe that the Democrats will save us, and we all know that just ain't true, either.     