 What can one say when a game sucks you in so completely that time seems to collapse in on itself and become meaningless? Homeworld is one those rare games that is so solid that it really evolves as you play it. It does this  by providing the player with a rock-solid background story backed up by  superior game play. I highly reccommend that players READ the manual before  playing, because it gives you a tremendous amount of race history that  builds up the mystique for the race that you become responsible for.       Gameplay is relatively easy to master, and the learning curve is pretty  flat. It takes some getting used to the 3D battle field and selecting ships  to attack, and the fact that you cannot pause the action to assign targets  to attack is annoying, but beyond that if you practice you will get the  hang of it quickly.      I say visual and aural feast because it is! The  ship design is excellent, reminescent of Babylon 5 and Dream Pod 9's Mekton  sourcebooks for the Jovian Chronicles RPGs. The music is both subtle and  awe inspiring at the same time with its majestic and powerful choral  accompaniments that tug at your emotions as sure as the importance of  seeing the Mothership and her precious cargo safely to the homeworld.      If you've come here to expect blood splattering on walls or pouring out  windows, inconveniencing passersby with the spray, you will be  disappointed. This game is not 'extreme' nor does it 'kick @ss', instead it  inspires and propagates a whole host of emotions bordering on an intensity  rarely seen in a game before.      The story is equal to that of such epics  as Starcraft & Broodwar, and Dark Forces II: Jedi Knight (I know it's  an FPS and not an RTS, but I'm talking about story not game type). It makes  getting the Mothership home an imperative and not just a reason to see the  end cut scene.      Additionally, YES has performed the title track for the  game, and itself is a nine minute epic, (as is most of Yes' music), that  compliments the game. When a supergroup like Yes pays attention to a video  game, it must be something special. HOMEWORLD is for anyone who loves  science fiction and good gaming all rolled into one.     