 I really enjoyed a great many things about this book, not least of which is the fact that it revolves around Han Solo, but delves substantially into  his more emotional side. It also seeks to resolve certain elements within  the escalating conflict between the New Public and the Yuuzhan Vong.  However, James Lucerno's chaotic writing style makes events hard to grasp  insofar as actual resolution is concerned. This hampers an already  convoluted plot by the Yuuzhan Vong to infiltrate an assassin into the New  Republic so that they can murder as many Jedi as possible with a poisonous  virus carried within the lungs of the assassin. 	It also lays  Chewbacca to rest in a private ceremony on his homeworld of Kashyyyk, and  Lucnerno thankfully had the good sense not to have Chewie's relatives  assume the life debt, even though it was suggested. Han skillfully manages  to avoid having another Wookie as a first mate, since that would have  diminished Chewie's death greatly. Instead, Han must come to grips with  Chewbacca's death by himself and in his own fashion, which usually means  periods of brooding introspection and occasional verbal attacks on family  members, including Luke, Leia, and Anakin, who bears the brunt of Han's  wrath while the lad must come to terms with the guilt he feels over  Chewie's death, and his father's accusations that he left Chewie to die. 	 The Vong fake an attack on a New Republic ship and sacrifice a vessel so  that an escape pod bearing the priestess, Elan and her bizarre avian  companion, a Fosh named Vergere. Beforehand, however, they connive a plan  whereby Elan ingests a virus that will collect in her lungs and incubate  until she is brought before the Jedi with vital information about Mara's  illness. Then she exhales the virus which quickly multiplies and  immediately causes hemorrhaging and an agonizing death. The reader steadily  becomes suspicious of Vergere until it is revealed that she is actually  from a region of the galaxy near the Corporate Sector. Doubly so when Elan  wonders if the Yuuzhan Vong will ever come to master the Force, and Vergere  states that the Vong aren't really worthy of it. 	A rather amusing  chain of events ensues as a band of traitorous humans known as the Peace  Brigade learn that Elan is in New Republic hands, but isn't aware that it  is a plot by the Vong. The Peace Brigade is a band of traitors who have  sold out to the Vong, and believing they will be rewarded for the return of  one of their own, hatch a plan to capture Elan. In the Ord Mantell system,  Han meets up with Big Bunji, from the old Han Solo books, just as the  Yuuzhan Vong attack. Things turn inane when the Vong attack a space station  known as Jubilee Wheel with a giant elephant trunk that begins vacuuming  people out of the station! However, that aside, the ensuing dialog between  Han and a Ryn named Droma escalates into a rousing series one-liners that  had me laughing out loud. Escaping the Jubilee Wheel, Han and Droma board  the Queen of Empire, a passenger liner ferrying refugees Coreward. 	 It becomes pretty obvious that Han has found a new first mate in the  pleasantly goofy Ryn, Droma. I found however that Lucerno's writing style  isn't well suited to depicting the Yuuzhan Vong. As Stackpole and Salvatore  have done in the past with the aliens, Lucerno's Yuuzhan Vong have very  little menace to them. Nom Anor is reduced to being little more than a  toady, gone is the malevolence that he displayed so wonderfully in `Vector  Prime'. Plus Lucerno lacks Stackpole's ability to write space combat  sequences. Whereas `I, Jedi'; `Onslaught'; and `Ruin' gave the reader vivid  accounts of X-wings having it out with coralskippers, complete with pilots'  input and battle chatter, Lucerno's battles are more sterile and come  across as if viewed from a distance or dispassionately. There are too few  cameos, except from characters like Kyp Durron and Wurth Skidder. 	 All in all not a bad go, but something of let down after the first three  books. I only hope 'Agents of Chaos II: Jedi Eclipse' has a little more  focus to it. On the up side Lucerno does portray Han Solo very well, and  seems more like his old `Stars' End' self rather than an aging space  pirate. My other hopes is that the series doesn't wimp out with its  conclusion by trumping up some silly deus ex machina ending, but instead  something with vastly more grit and mettle to it. We're not reading Star  Trek here, because Star Wars gas always been something better. May the  Force be with you.     