 How could they have [messed] this up? They had the book to follow. What's worse is that it was received so poorly that we'll have wait another forty-two years, at least, before someone else attempts a remake. Yes, it is a movie about a guy who builds a time machine and travels into the future from the late 19th century, there are creatures called Morlocks and the time machine was made out of brass parts, beyond that, this film bears about as much semblance to the original as a tea leaf does to the entire East India Company, (Thank you, Douglas Adams). 	If there were no book entitled `The Time Machine' by H.G. Wells, I might have given it three stars, but because it plays so fast and loose with its logic and pacing that another rewrite or three might have been in order. Plus for a guy capable of building a device that can move through time with 19th century technology, he has about as much of a grasp of temporal causality as a concussed bee, (Again, thank you Mr. Adams). This fine English...er, American gentleman Alexander (Guy Pierce), an associate professor at Columbia university does all of this because his lady love Emma is meant to die. First she gets shot by a mugger, so he goes back in time to move her away from that event to a New York street corner away from the park. Where she promptly gets run over by a runaway horse and carriage. If that doesn't convince one that something is not meant to be, then nothing will. Bright boy then decides that since going back in time doesn't seem to solve anything, going into the future might. 	Right. 	The only problem is, that's already one-third of the movie. He travels ahead to 2032 where mankind has moved into space and are building vacation spots on the moon. Unfortunately, mankind is as capable of excavating land on the moon as our hero is at understand temporal causality. Mankind blows up the moon- cracks it right in half and gravity being what it is sends a lot of it crashing into the planet. Does our hero Alexander go back in time to try and prevent this? No. Why? Probably because he's realized that he can't, so after a bump on a noggin that renders him insensate...more so, he's slung 802,701 years into the future. Yes, the special effects of the passage of time are nothing short of brilliant and the epochal time lapse is stunning, too bad it's in this dung heap of a film. 	He awakens under the care of an Eloi woman, Mara (Samantha Mumba) who is of course exotic and beautiful, which also means that she's doomed. As another reviewer correctly pointed out, for some reason they speak English 800,000 years from now. No reason for this, they do it to remember the past times. Just why they do it is never explained. The cliff dwelling Eloi are nothing but prey animals for the Morlocks, who we learn cannot stand daylight. We learn this only after we see them hunting by day. Next we meet big bad brain boy king daddy Morlock, played by Jeremy Irons, who is of course a telepathic/telekinetic god and has nefarious plans for our sumptuous Eloi lady. He has also learned where the time machine is, had it brought to his underground estate, and plans to use it. Of course if he was as smart as he appeared to be, he would know that going into the past is pointless and he could only effectively carry forward into the future. 	As much of a cinematic stinkburger as this film is, it does have its good points, few that they are. The Vox (Orlando Jones), the holographic computer that Alexander meets in 2037 at the New York Public Library is wonderful, especially when met 800,000 years in the future. He is sad, almost insane, contrasting the Eloi who have no knowledge of the past and no ambition of the future. The Vox remembers everything. The imagery is quite stunning, especially the beautiful cliff-side dwellings of the Eloi and have a wonderful organic look to them. Guy Pierce as Alexander is also quite likeable- he is heroic, compassionate and decent. Plus the Fellowship of the Rings Orc-like underground lair of the Morlocks is fantastic, as are the Morlocks themselves, despite the rather illogical premise of their existence, that of not being able to tolerate the light, yet hunting by day. 	So ten out of ten for purely visual quality, but the story is so lacking that it all but wrecks the rest of the film. The pacing is all wrong- the end meeting with the villain takes place in a single chamber within the Morlock lair- no drawn out conflict between the Eloi. Heck, I would have even approved of Alexander had organized the Eloi to fight back against them, but his meeting with the Uber-Morlock was just too short. Even in its current form, if they had explained things a little better, making it a half hour longer or just outright removed Alexander's reason for going into the future anyway- Emma's death and did it `just because' without the cathartic transformation would have been just fine.     