 I new ever since I read `I, Jedi' that I would eventually read the Rogue Squadron series after I got over my prejudice that they were simply  military SF on the same level as David Drake's vaunted Hammer Slammer  books, happily I was wrong. Like most of Stackpole's works, I slipped into  this like a comfortable pair of shoes. The first book of the series is  simply entitled `X-Wing Rogue Squadron' and takes place about three years  after the fall of the Empire at the Battle of Endor. However, the Rebel  Alliance is not out of the woods yet as there are still hundreds of  systems, especially the Core Worlds, still under direct Imperial control,  which usually means Star Destroyers and TIE fighters. Recognizing this  threat, Admiral Ackbar decides that it would time for a little propaganda  in the form of what has become the most famous starfighter in the galaxy:  the Incom T-65b X-Wing, and be piloted by the squadron formed by Luke  Skywalker and Wedge Antilles after the battle of Yavin, Rogue Squadron. 	 Wedge now leads the squadron and has spent the past while assembling the  best of the best to be in the new Rogue Squadron. Enter Corran Horn, a  young Corellian Security agent who left his homeworld to join the  Rebellion. Next is Captain Tycho Celchu, a former Imperial pilot who  defected after his homeworld of Alderaan was destroyed by the first Death  Star. Alliance command doesn't like Celchu, forcing him to be escorted  everywhere by armed guards and fly craft without weapons and armed with  destruct mechanisms. Also added to the squadron are Ooryl Qrygg, a  insectoid Gand; Nawara Ven, a male Twi'lek and former lawyer; Rhysati Ynr  from Bespin; Bror Jace of the bacta cartel on Thyferra; Erisi Dlarit, who  is from a competing family on Thyferra; Peshk Vri'Syk, a Bothan; Gavin  Darklighter, cousin of Biggs and youngest member of the squadron at  sixteen; Riv Shiel, a Shistavaenen wolfman with an Imperial death mark on  his head; Lujayne Forge, a beautiful woman from Kessel; and finally  Andoorni Hui, a Rodian. 	Rogue Squadron is filled with terrific  action that Stackpole has become famous for, basing a lot of the combat on  the popular X-wing & TIE fighter games by LucasArts, and giving the  reader a wonderful feel for starfighter combat. Stackpole conveys through  his characters great emotion, especially through his alter ego and my  personal favorite character, Corran Horn, who is the star of the series.  Corran is also beginning to notice that he is privy to a much greater  universe, and his relation to the Force may be greater than he ever knew.  Wedge meanwhile must come to terms with ghosts from his past, while keeping  the new Rogue Squadron from ending up like Jek Porkins or Biggs Darklighter  who died at the Battle of Yavin. Wedge's attempt to distance himself from  the rest of squadron fails, even after they start dying. 	I'm sorry I  never read these sooner, for they are excellent light reading and great  fun! Rogue Squadron is peppered with great action, and some genuinely  interesting and likeable characters. And, Star Wars finally gets some sex  appeal as Corran Horn might be the first character to notice girls. Plus  the book introduces the honestly creepy and decidedly evil Yssane Isard,  who reminds me of a more vicious Emma Frost, and just as cold. She is a  woman of beautiful countenance, but who can freeze a man's soul with a  glance, earning her the name of Iceheart by allies and enemies alike. The  Force will be with you, always.     