 I think that I now have all of the truly `big' Star Wars books - I have all of the `Art Of' and `Makings Of' books there are, and the two Industrial Light and Magic hard covers. And now, thanks to the most  wonderful woman in the world, I have the Star Wars Chronicles. The enormity  of the book is overwhelming, and the fact that it comes in its own black  and gold box with a magnetic clasp seems to spotlight the quality  representative in its contents. 	In other words: 	WOW! 	 This book does not disappoint in any way, mostly though it's an expansive  overview of models, vehicles, props and sets used in the three movies, the  forgettable Ewok TV show abominations, and the Star Tours attraction at the  Team Rodent theme parks in California and Florida. The book really shines  especially in the rarity of a lot of the photos, about half of which have  never been seen all that much, whereas several books in a similar vein  simply reprint the same pictures over and over. Chronicles instead goes for  originality by showcasing the more rare pictures. It has wonderful gate  fold pages and ship scale comparison sheets, and it takes the reader from  the design stage of a particular ship right on through to the finished  model. 	The Star Wars movies have always been the best there is as  far as special effects go, (well, the best there is as far as anything is  concerned, but I'm biased). From model makers to set and prop designers,  few films approach that level of detail, and if they do it's because their  effects were also done by ILM. Even though the Phantom Menace wasn't as  worthy of the Star Wars name as the other films, no one can argue the  quality of the production. The Phantom Menace isn't featured in the Star  Wars Chronicles, and I hope they don't add it to a later edition, because  this book is big enough as it is. 	Is it worth the money? Take it  from me, if you love Star Wars on as primal a level as I do, and are as   fascinated by what goes on behind the camera as in front of it, it is. It  may have been a gift, but I would have bought it eventually. The fact it  was a gift just makes it even more special. Like the lady who sent it to  me, it is now priceless.     