 Let me see if I have this straight. Enough people went to see Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery that it spawned a sequel? That means enough people thought it was funny? Frankly, I'm embarrassed to come from  the same country as Mike Myers. I'm also a little lost as to what genre  Myers is supposed to be parodying, certainly Sean Connery or Roger Moore  never ran around in blue velvet leisure suits, and at least came from the  right island to warrant an accent. Myers stumbles through this film like a  blindfolded man in search of his next one-liner or pratfall. What I really  loath him for is because her brought the word `shag' back into common usage  and `Yeah, baby!' became part of the cultural norm. 	Myers seems to  be turning into this generation's Woody Allen, for where else could someone  that repulsive, even without the fake bad teeth appliance and press on  chest hair that looked as though he skinned a wookie, get into position to  fondle so many woman. And in the second film he loses his `Mojo', a word I  used long before Myers was even Wayne on SNL, so now he's neurotic. All  they need now is for the third film to take place in New York and they've  got the Woody Allen schtick down pat. Additionally, given how often Austin  laughs at his own jokes, Myers also thinks he's funny. What he probably  does find amusing is how much money he's making. 	So what's the film  about? Who really cares, since it's mostly Myers mugging for the camera as  though he were some drunken college student who has just discovered that  one of his frat buddies has just pointed a video camera at him. In fact all  they did do is recycle a tired plot then attempted to make it funny.  Basically, (and I mean that in the most literal sense), Powers' nemesis, in  1967 Dr. Evil has himself frozen in suspended animation so that he can  awaken in 1997 where he can threaten the world without having Powers around  to thwart him. Little does he suspect that Powers has himself frozen so he  can be there when Dr. Evil gets out. Myers is actually Dr. Evil as well and  as such does make me laugh. 	We also get to see Myers pretend to be  the `stranger in a strange land' bit when he discovers that all of tired  old cliche lines that he used in the 60's are now surprisingly out of  place, improper and offensive. Yeah, like the world has just gotten so much  more civilized in 30 years. It became a tired race until the next time  Austin said something inappropriate so everyone could stop and stare.  Andrew Dice Clay gets the same reaction and he isn't funny either. Maybe my  tastes are too refined, but since almost anything by Zucker & Abrams  makes me laugh, I somehow don't think so.     