 I really wish Hollywood would have the rocks to provide us with a science fiction movie that didn't end up being 'Die Hard in Space'. Brian DePalma's 'Mission to Mars' had all the verve of a Pinter play and characters modeled after William Hurt's style of woodeness. 'Red Planet' on the other hand provides a slightly less serious film about a much more interesting prospect than simply going to Mars. The year is 2057 and mankind has once again despoiled Mother Earth and must find a new place to despoil, so they select Mars. Then after nuking the polar ice caps to release CO2 which causes a greenhouse effect and thereby raising the temperature of the planet, they then launch probes containing algae to the surface. The algae live off of CO2 and release oxygen as a by-product. Not a bad idea and scientists have believed this would be a good way to actually do it. Forgetting of course that Mars' gravitation is much too low to sustain a viable atmosphere. When oxygen levels suddenly stop rising and begin to decrease, it's decided that they must send a ship out to investigate, enter the intrepid crew. Carrie-Anne Moss plays Captain Kate Bowman, no doubt in homage to 2001, and for some reason people still find her interesting. Val Kilmer plays the sensitive engineer Gallagher, Benjamin Bratt (Law & Order), appears as the arrogant and self-aggrandizing co-pilot, Ted Santen. Tom Sizemore (Saving Private Ryan) is the biologist, Dr. Quinn Burchenal, and Terrance Stamp as the philosophical, God-searching Dr.Bud Chantillas, who of course is doomed to die. The last member of this so-called crew is AMEE, a robot hunter-killer that resembles a cheetah on lone from the Marines as a ground navigator. This movie offers up more cliches than a Glenn A. Larson episode of Battlestar Galactica. Cliches aside, the crew was at least more likeable than the characters in Mission to Mars. The Mars-1 spacecraft looks as though it were designed by committee who didn't talk to each other. The final result being a long shaft with counter-rotating rings near each end with what look like cargo containers strung between them. Why these rotating sections are there are anyone's guess, because none of the sets seems to have curved floors or walls. However, the ship has 'artificial gravity' which is either provided by the rotating rings or gravity generators built into the decking - whatever it is they never say. The interior sets are spacious to say the least, Nasa should be lucky to have so much unused space. Duty stations and consoles look like afterthoughts. The crew of six spends the next six months en route to mars, awake and interacting with each other. I don't know about you, but if I was stuck in a confined space with only six people, there would only be one person at the end when we got to Mars. Things go bad for the ship when it gets whacked by a gamma ray burst from the Sun and shorts out everything but the AI computer, Lucile. While Bowmen spends the rest of the movie being told what to do by the computer, the boys launch down to the planet's surface and promptly crash in one of the funniest unintentional moments in the film. The little landing craft bounces down cliff side after cliff side only to come to rest at the bottom of a canyon. AMEE, who was in the landing craft is lost after the thruster array is jettisoned, is of course damaged and doomed to go on a killing rampage after the survivor. Meanwhile, Chantillas dies from injuries sustained in the crash, the rest are left to walk the several kilometers distance to the habitat module that was set up automatically months before their arrival. Somehow these spacesuits that do not have back packs of any sort have 7 hours of oxygen in them - just enough time to make it to the habitat site to find out that it has been trashed. Defeated and forlorn, the men decide to sit down and die of asphyxiation when one of them gets the bright idea to take off his helmet, whereupon they learn that there is a breathable atmosphere on Mars. The more I think about this film the more I realize that both it and Mission to Mars weren't that good. Both had their moments, but could have benefited from another script treatment. That and perhaps letting other directors actually make the film. Red Planet's special effects are really quite good, especially the liquid fire and lander crash sequences. Overall, however the end result is a mediocre attempt to do a Mars movie. It's cliche and largely unoriginal, but still delivers some really nice bits. Val Kilmer is wasted and has been in every movie since Tombstone and his brilliant performance as Doc Holiday. I have a genetic dislike for Carrie-Anne Moss and have since the Matrix (perhaps the worst film of 1999). Red Planet delivers a slight twist on the 'life on Mars' bit, but that really isn't enough to make this a memorable film.     