 I normally hate vampires in anything. They're overdone and the pretentiousness that accompanies them and the people who like them is often too much for me to stand. That said, I was pleasantly surprised with Soul Reaver 2, because it actually did something new or least new to me. Soul Reaver 2 is basically game 3 of the Legacy of Kain series, (Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain, Soul Reaver, Soul Reaver 2, Blood Omen 2 and the upcoming Legacy of Kain 2: Definace and Soul Reaver 3). In this game you play Raziel, a reborn demonic vampire. He had once been a Sarafan vampire slayer on the world of Nosgoth who, along with his brethren, had been slain then raised by Kain to be one of his lieutenants. In this world, vampires appear to be quasi-undead and are capable of evolution and change. In the first game, Kain would always metamorphose first, then years later his lieutenants would follow suit. However, this time Raziel beat him to the punch and evolved wings. His reward was to have them ripped from his body by Kain and then tossed into a roiling river- always bad news for a blood sucker. Raziel was, after years of agony, saved by the Elder Gone and reforged into what he is now- equipped with a soul destroying sword and charged with wiping out the last of the vampires and feed upon their apostate souls. Good job if you can get it, but I bet the hours are lousy. Anyway, the Elder God is basically this Cthulhu-esque squid thing that lies in a pool beneath the Nine Pillars- infinitely tall towers that gave life to and protected Nosgoth. After Ariel, the Balance Guardian, had been murdered, the pillars were corrupted by 'dark powers' and then became the seat of Kain's vampire empire for a thousand years until Raziel had been cast out. Kain had been chosen from birth to replace Ariel as Balance Guardian, but he refused, dooming Nosgoth to a slow death. Now, the story is a great deal more complex than that, but enough to give you a feel for what the games are about. Soul Reaver 2 is the shortest game of the series, and I finished it with a little help from a walkthrough, in about 30 hours. Despite the fact that Raziel is limited to about 5 geographic areas- the Sarafan Stronghold, a swamp, mountains, Janos Aurdrin's fortress and the pillars, it's amazing how varied the game makes them, because you get to visit them in different eras- past, present and future and they vary them enough that they always appear different. Within these areas are sub-sections that you can explore, but mainly you're on a quest to reforge the Soul Reaver blade with 4 elemental powers (Darkness, Light, Air and Fire), that aid you in your adventures. Each forge is a series of puzzles that must be solved to activate each elemental force to imbue the blade with a new power. The Reaver itself is a double-edged weapon, literally. While the most potent weapon in the game, it has a nasty habit of eating the souls of people you kill before Raziel can and he needs to do it to sustain his body in the Material Realm. Combat is pretty basic- Raziel can use a host of weapons other than the Reaver- swords, axes, pikes, and his claws. As he progresses, opponents get tougher and more numerous. By the last chapter you have to face down three Black Demons at the Pillars, and you'll want to use the Reaver- anything else is useless against them. Raziel's finishing moves are nicely gruesome- decapitations and impalings are the order of the day with lots of spraying viscera- I like to see that in game. This feature is probably my favorite aspect of the game. Raziel can at any time shift into the Spectral Realm, the place of souls. When he does so the geometry of the world shifts- buildings warp as the landscape alters. Here is the realm of the Sluagh- soul feeding predators. But in this realm Raziel and the Reaver no longer hunger because the Spectral Realm is saturated with excess energy. Raziel can also use it to gain access to areas in the real world- because of the geometry shift, certain things are higher in Spectral than in the Material realm, plus he can phase through locked gates. The only real downside to Spectral are the demons- they can follow you there. The demons are also some of the best designed monsters I have ever seen and their arrival in the game is pretty exciting as they warp in to confront Raziel, accompanied by a low frequency electrical buzzing sound. I never thought a Playstation 2 game could be this good. The voice acting is the best I have ever heard in a game- superb performances all around from the actors, especially Michael Bell who played Raziel, Simon Templeton who played Kain and Richard Doyle who played Moebius. Also appearing as the voice of Janos Aurdrin is Rene Auberjonois, who played Odo in Deep Space Nine. The graphics are pretty good and this is one of the few times I can't say it would look better on the PC, because the PC version is a straight port of this game. Too bad Soul Reaver 3 won't make it to the PC- with the latest batch of graphics cards it would have looked stunning. What really makes the game graphically are some of the unusually lighting effects. Sound is also really good- both the music, which is dark and brooding, and the unusual sound are all first rate. In fact, the sound is unique- not a lot of games have that going for them. Sure it's two years old, but who cares? It's a heck of a lot of fun and has probably the best story of any game I have ever played.     