 So far I have just about every release of the new D20 based Star Wars role playing game from Wizards of the Coast (with the exception of the GM screen and character sheets, that is.)- I figured since it was such a welcome departure from the lousy and unheroic WEG game engine that it deserved my attention. And being a complete salivating Star Wars fanatic didn't hurt either. Now, Wizards obviously has a different publishing philosophy than West End Games does, and that's a shame. WEG had excellent source material- I always use it when designing the current campaign that I'm working on, because for the most part Wizards doesn't publish all that many books on places (Core Worlds book nothwithstanding) and things (planets, people, weapons, source books from the novels, etc.), instead the focus on guides for making characters and places, rather than provide them directly in published works. 	This is a double edged sword, because given that Wizards now owns (as far as I know), all of the WEG material, it would be nice if they started releasing it after converting it to the D20 rules. Enter the Ultimate Alien Anthology- a send up to the Alien Anthology published in 2001 and gave only a handful of aliens. The Ultimate book provides almost 200 different species that PCs and GMs can use for characters. I have seen many science fiction RPGs where they only provide you have a half-dozen races to play, providing 200 seemed like a gift from the Force, and the authors really did their homework by providing aliens from not only the movies, but also the books and previous WEG publications. Each entry is laid out clearly and includes notes on personality types, physical description, homeworld, sample names, life span, favored classes, special abilities- like darkvision, species traits pluses or minuses to Strength, Dexterity, etc. and a sample species commoner type. Each grouping of races also has a height chart with very well done illustrations of each alien. The book offers such a diverse selection of aliens that it should provide even the finickiest role player enough of a choice to find something he or she likes. There are some powers and abilities that should be examined carefully before handing them over to a PC, but for the most part the book is quite well balanced between the races. Star Wars has such a massive amount of creatures in it that a book like this was needed and my only complaint is that they left out non-sentient creatures. That is, all the monsters present in the first anthology are gone, more importantly, they got rid of the Hoojibs! Star Wars without Hoojibs is like a day without air! Seriously, I suspect Wizards will publish a Star Wars bestiary or monster manual that will include rancors, Corelian sand panthers, mynocks, gundarks and space slugs. For now the older Anthology will have to do for `monsters'. For the most part, though, the Ultimate Alien Anthology is probably the best source book Wizards has done for Star Wars to date- but I do want more books with a lot more substance than we have been getting.     