 ... my first title I grabbed Bounty Hunter by Lucas Arts and because I didn't see Grand Tourismo 3 on another rack. As a dedicated PC Gamer, I got a PS2 largely because there are games I want, but just aren't available for the PC. I'm pretty happy with Bounty Hunter, which seems to be a cross between Tomb Raider and Jedi Knight. First and foremost, it is a well put together game with very high production values that we have come to expect for Lucas Arts. CGI cut scenes were made by Industrial Light and Magic and it stars Temuera Morrison, who played Jango Fett in Attack of the Clones and Clancy Brown, (the Kurgan in Highlander), as the evil Montross. 	Bounty Hunter also ties beautifully into the pre-history of Attack of the Clones, taking place ten years before the film and lends itself splendidly to filling in not only Fett's back story, but also that of Count Dooku. Basically Fett is working to crack a ring of smugglers and drug runners who are producing a highly addictive form of the death stick drug produced by a cult known as the Bando Gora, led by a former Jedi, Komari Vosa, who seems to have been at one point a pupil of Dooku. The wily count then hires both Jango and his rival, Montross, pitting them against one and other to see who can be the first to kill her. The winner will receive five-million Republic credits and a chance at immortality. Dooku, aka Tyranus, also plans to offer the winner a sizable sum if they will be cloned to create an army for the Republic. 	Unlike Boba Fett, who if you follow only the films, appeared to be nothing by a 2nd rate loser who was killed by a blind Han Solo, the Bounty Hunter game gives us tremendous insight into Jango, his history and his motivations. It takes the nutty Toydarian Rozatta to crack Jango's tougher than nails exterior and convinces him to live for something more than just hunting down people and the huge sums of money he earns from it. It is this that causes Jango to ask Tyranus for an unaltered clone- Boba Fett. Jango is a badass- he's a killer and very dangerous, but there is more to him than a simple cardboard cut out his son (if you ignore the EU) would become. 	Game play is pretty basic, lots of running around, jumping and shooting as Jango goes after his marks. I still haven't gotten the hang of the PS2 controls and guiding the characters as I'm more used to keyboards and mice, something I have a feeling many of the PS2 games like Bounty Hunter scream for. Jango can cling to ledges, punch and kick quite effectively, and collects a wonderful array of weapons and gear besides his standard Westar-34 blaster pistols. I suggest that once you get the back pack missiles you practice with them as much as you can, because they're hard to direct without, say, killing yourself. Collecting bounties is kinda cute- simply target people, see if they show up as having a price on their heads, zap them with your whip cord tangler then simply press the triangle button and you're done! Money is added to your running score and the more you collect the more pages of concept art you get access to. Using the flame thrower on people is quite funny as at first they run around waving their arms in the air while on fire, then they stop, drop and roll. 	Graphics are a mixed bag of low to medium resolution textures, but it's all very colorful, especially on Coruscant. Some of the in-game constructs, especially space craft, take a hit in the detail as the artists drop polys and more elaborate textures. However, they're still good enough to get the point across. I would have preferred this game to be on the PC in order to have better graphics and control, as well as in the first person rather than third, (I have played so many of these types of games that I get tired of looking at the backs of characters). What carries this game is its excellent story, occasional bouts of humor and thumb wrenching game play, that while frustrating at times, never stops being fun. As my first PS2 game, I'm pretty happy with it and I think you will be, too.     