 After playing the demo for `Mechwarrior 3' I was less than inspired, and unlike the venerable `Mechwarrior 2', saw no reason to buying it. Well,  boredom and impulsiveness lured me into finally purchasing the game, mainly  because it was on special. Considering there is four years of development  and technology in `Mechwarrior 3' over Activision's older title,  `Mechwarrior 2' is the better. Sure the graphics are inferior and there are  play touches evident in the newer game, but there is a much grander feel to  wherein you have to combat Jade Falcon Clan across several worlds, whereas  in MW3 you take the role as a mechwarrior with Eridani Light Horse tackling  Clan Smoke Jaguar on only one world. This lack of scope hampers the game  tremendously, plus the game also lacks the connectivity that MW2 had to the  entire Battletech universe. 	Game setup is simple and once installed  the user is treated a rather nice opening segue of Light Horse forces  fighting a desperate battle against superior Clan forces and eventually  luring them into a trap. From there the player is given the option of  Campaign, Training, Instant Action, Multiplayer, Options & Credits from  the main screen. Training is tedious and drawn out, so I suggest using the  Instant Action option and scaling battles up as you become more and more  familiar with mech controls and systems. I haven't tried multi-player yet  simply because I know there are going to be way too many cowards cheating  for me to enjoy battling against other players. Campaign Mode deals with an  invasion of the Smoke Jaguar home world and using it as a stepping stone to  Strana Mechty in 3058. Yawn. 	Not much of a story here, I'm afraid,  and that's only half of the troubles for this game. It's buggy! While my  system exceeds system requirements by light years, the game routinely dumps  me back out to my Windows desktop, once after my `mech overheated and shut  down. Worse, the game's sound effects get so messed up that pressing an on  screen selector to move LRM-5's to your mech results in a burst of  auto-cannon fire issuing from your speakers instead of a beep! This happens  mainly in the arming & load out menus with sound effects overriding  what was originally there. It also happens in-game when your MFB's encircle  your mech unit to repair it, repair sounds are replaced by explosions,  weapons fire, `Mission Successful', `Mech power-up detected', etc. It gets  annoying fast. My jump jets on mech units have never once worked  properly. 	The graphics are a mixed bag of some very nice designs in  buildings and other structures that give a nice sense of scale while in  your mech. Terrain is quite good, but very limited in variety. The  battlemech's themselves are well designed, by surface bitmaps are very  busy, giving the mechs an extremely cluttered look. Mech animations have a  very nice look to them, conveying a sense of weight in motion. Microprose,  for some reason, changed the damage model, and suddenly `time on target'  becomes a necessity in order to deliver any appreciable damage you your  target. If your Med Pulse Laser does 5 points of damage and you do not  concentrate it on a single location, such as a limb, it gets spread around  to the rest of the mech. Very quickly does the player learn the value of  twin UB-AC 10's! Or, god help you, twin Gauss Cannons! Whoohoo! I actually  made a Daishi in the Instant Action section that mounted 4 Gauss, it had  limited ammo, but anything I shot stopped shooting back. 	Microsoft  will be doing Mechwarrior 4, and given they are also making the X-Box,  (sounds like something Charles Xavier might make to battle Magneto or  something), I am not sure if PC gamers will see it. However, it is also  looking that the X-Box will be based on PC architecture which means the  games might be cross compatible. For now, however, `Mechwarrior 3' is a  mixed bag of some very good things, but perhaps, at least in my case, too  many bad things to make it very much fun. Maybe I'll try the Multiplayer  option and see if it gets any better. Until then I still have my old copy  of Mechwarrior 2 kicking around, and there's a 3Dfx version of Mercenaries  available as well. This game could have been so much better, but too many  problems drag it back into the realm of mediocrity.     