 M*A*S*H was and always will be the best half-hour television has ever seen. Much of my early childhood in Inuvik in the North West Territories of Canada during the 1970s was filled with this show. Perhaps I was too young to watch it, and in fact my parents had seen the movie and decided that the TV series would be too much for our young eyes. After a few episodes they realized that it wasn't as racy as the film, and shortly thereafter M*A*S*H become a household institution. It was also the only TV show about Korea. It was moral, compassionate, and taught me a lot about people. That I shouldn't care what color someone's skin was, whether they were gay or not, what race they are and that we're all people. It taught me to resent those who crave power over others and respect those who resisted it. I always liked Hawkeye, but I especially liked the minor characters, like Ho-Jon, Ginger Balis, and especially Sidney Freedman, played by Alan Arbus. Freedman was like yet another rock in the series that the other characters could meter their sanity against. Jokes I heard on the show I used in real life. It taught me that war, no matter how noble the cause, is stupid and should be avoided at all costs, by all sides. So whether you like Hawkeye or Trapper John or Frank Burns, they're all here and more. Despite having seen these episodes dozens of times, I still laugh through each episode. Plus, it's amazing to see how much the current networks cut out of each episode just so they can cram more commercials into a half-hour time slot. Each episode had entire sequences removed- some I had forgotten about, others I barely remembered. It's nice to have them back. This DVD collection is a must-have for M*A*S*H fans, uh, at least those who have a DVD player. The picture quality is superb- they did an excellent cleaning up the original film stock, and the sound is also quite good. With over 10 hours of viewing here, it's worth the price for the three-disk set. The down side is that there aren't any extras whatsoever- just the 24 original episodes from the first season. No blooper reels, interviews, or photo galleries. It is a better deal than the Simpson three-disk (by comparison) which only has 12 episodes and only a few extras. Still for the price, plus the sheer enjoyment of the best TV show ever made, the M*A*S*H Season 1 DVD is a must have.     