 Despite what some of the media hacks might have to say about Drakan: Order of the Flame, it is neither a Tomb Raider knock off or wannabe, because Tomb Raider simply does not have the level of atmosphere or sense of scale. This may be due to the fact that Tomb Raider is playing with a game and  graphics engine that is nearly five years old, with only minor nips, tucks  and improvements in its history while Drakan hit the ground running,  (flying!), with a brand new game engine. 	In Drakan you take on the  role of Rynn, a wasp-wasted redhead with much less attitude than Lara  Croft, (Why is it that most male's concept of what it means to be a strong  female character means they have to be snotty, arrogant, and pushy?), and  is instead embarking on an adventure to rescue her kid brother. However,  this doesn't last because she soon learns of plans to unleash a dark god  who once menaced the world of Drakan a millennia ago. And in so doing, Rynn  must awaken Aroch, a mighty fire breathing red dragon from his centuries  long slumber, (players of AD&D might kvetch over a good-aligned red  dragon, but this isn't really AD&D, though it certainly draws a great  deal from the game). 	The levels vary from ground bound puzzle  solving through eerie grimstone mines to aerial dogfights with other  dragons while avoiding Greek-fire equipped ballista. At her disposal Rynn  can find a never ending supply of weapons from mundane swords, maces,  hammers and bows to enchanted weapons like flametongue & frotsbrand  swords, magical bows and arrows, and her ultimate goal, the Runeblade, an  artifact level great sword used in the last great war. And while the  weapons have a finite life span, meaning they can only be used so many  times before they break, the supply of weapons is vast and one needn't  worry about running out of powerful magic weapons. 	Graphics are  second-to-none in quality, and go far beyond simply colored lighting.  Surreal's graphics engine incorporates some of the nicer elements such as  flowing waterfalls, fish, positional shadows based on light sources;  especially in instances where Rynn is carrying a flaming sword. Parents  wishing to purchase this game for younger players will be well advised that  this game is excessively violent in sword combat. The game allows you to  remove limbs, heads and parts of heads with frightening regularity,  complete with gushing spurts of blood and squishy sound effects. It is also  possible to lock out the excessive amounts of gore and password protect  it. 	The game suffers from a minor bugs, mostly inherent to on-line  multi-player games, of which there are at least two patches   available that solve  most of these. There are some clipping issues, and I recall once getting  trapped in a tower approaching the succubus lair and having to restart from  my last save game position. I ran it at 640x480 & 800x600 on my P200  with a Creative Labs Video Blaster Voodoo 2 PCI card w/8 mb ram), with  little slow down and should be fine on 233's and higher. Unlike Tomb  Raider, Drakan doesn't suffer from nearly as many clipping or poor camera  angle issues. 	What I think I really enjoyed most about Drakan is  that it provides the player with a solid and immersive world in which to  play. There is a tremendous sense of freedom for movement, both on and off  the dragon. I would have preferred FMV cut scenes or even live action cut  scenes using the stunning model they used for Rynn in press gatherings, but  the video engine scenes are satisfactory and good enough to move the story  along. Drakan is a solid game and I highly recommend it for anyone who  likes their fantasy light with a side order of red dragon.     