 Star Trek: Insurrection, boy that sounds neat, doesn't it? That sounds like a continuation of that awesome first season episode, Conspiracy wherein these malevolent little creatures infest and begin to take over the  Federation. But alas that is not the case with the 9th installment of the  Star Trek movie franchise. Instead what we have here is plot by the evil  Son'a to boot the peace-loving Bak'u from their homeworld and take all of  the life-revitalizing radiation that is emitted by a system of rings that  orbit the planet. The Son'a are dying as a race with them resembling a  Jenny Craig skin peel. On the other hand this radiation that preserves  youth, also makes people erratic and do things not normally in their  nature. What this means is the crew of the Enterprise get to disobey the  orders of a Star Fleet admiral without actually being at fault. 	This  movie bothered me on a plethora of levels. First and foremost, it's dull!  We all know that change is bad and this is doubly so when it comes to Star  Trek, because they refuse to break from the formula that has worked in the  past. We all know that none of the main characters will die and we all know  that the Enterprise will never function properly, (In nine movies it has  never once worked right), and in this case the Federation flagship, the  Borg-killing ship-of-the-line, gets the snot pounded out of it by the third  rate alien species. Doesn't anyone have a problem with this? And as usual  we are treated to a third Next Generation movie that deals solely with  Captain Picard and Data. Unlike so many Trek fans, I happen to like most of  the other characters and feel that they simply are not getting the screen  time they deserve. 	The Son'a, while evil, for some reason want to  peacefully remove the Bak'u from their world by stuffing them all into a  holoship-basically a space faring holodeck of epic proportions and then  moving them to another world. Why these ships exist is quite beyond me.  Instead, the could have just bombed the single village from orbit then  moved in and taken over. Either that or, last time I checked, planets are  big, why couldn't the Son'a have lived on the other side of the planet,  away from the Bak'u? The Son'a are aided by an aging Starfleet admiral who  wants to enjoy the Bak'u's fountain of youth, forgetting of course that  people might notice the fact that the next time he shows up at an admiral's  meeting that he is twenty-five instead of sixty-five. This also ignores the  fact we know transporters can make people younger (Season 2, Unnatural  Selection), and we are treated to even more proof that the Star Trek  universe is not internally consistent. 	We get to watch Picard fall  in love, but not really, because that would mean changing the character. We  get to see Data do funny things and act weird, and we get to hear Worf  sing, which we really didn't need to. Riker shaves his beard and starts up  his relationship with Deanna again. And, as I said, the Federation flagship  gets hammered by Son'a, when it should have wiped the floor with them. This  film has very few moments, and those that are good happen between the main  cast, most of which are treated as secondary characters so Picard and Data  can hog the spotlight yet again. 	Why can't the powers that be at  Paramount simply make a Star Trek movie wherein the Feds send a fleet of  ships to go slaughter the Borg? Why? Because it's politically incorrect to  commit genocide...even if it's against a species that wouldn't think twice  about annihilating any other species. "It would lower us to their level."  they might say. Uh-huh, well, that's better than being made into a mindless  Borg drone. And no matter how dangerous the Borg (or any other race is)  they can't be wiped out, because that would mean change and change is bad.  This way they can keep recycling the same tired old story lines to an  audience that apparently are as apathetic as the writers. Why not a slug  fest between the Federation and the Romulans? Certainly the Star Trek  movies of late cannot be considered intelligent science fiction, because  all they do is reconstitute stories we have seen before. Insurrection is  basically `Who Watches the Watchers' from Season 3. Personally, I think the  series ought to be scrapped until they can figure out just what Star Trek  is, because it ain't this!     