 As of last year, Relic's "Homeworld" was perhaps one of the most original real time strategy games to have come a long in a while. However, despite winning PC Gamer's coveted `Game of the Year' honor, Homeworld didn't exactly break sales records, how could it when it ran up against such master pieces of software engineering like "Who Wants to be a Millionaire"? But it sold enough to generate a sequel, but instead of coming out of Relic, it was produced instead by Barking Dog, another Canadian game house and released under Sierra's banner. Though I suppose we should be glad Sierra is releasing anything these days given the financial woes the company has endured over past year. So bad was it that they cancelled the Babylon 5 space combat sim, among others. So, can Barking Dog catch and run with Relic's ball. 	Yes and no. 	"Homeworld: Cataclysm" is essentially the same game as the original, though they changed the menu graphics, it is still basically the same just more colorful. In either Single Player or Multi-Player you will control the same command ship- basically a Kiith Somtaaw mining vessel that is used as your primary base-gone is the awesome crescent shaped Mothership, it having been relegated to an orbital ship yard above Hiigara. The mining vessel assumes the role of the Mothership and can be modified by adding various research and manufacturing modules that enable the player to develop then build new ships, weapons, and upgrades. However, the ships that are built are a far cry from the wonderful designs of the previous game, replaced with uninspired vehicles that display a marked lack of creativity in their appearance. 	In fact, none of the original vessels are present except in cut scenes and possessed by other Kiith. Instead of the Scout, Interceptor and Attack Bombers, we now have the Seeker Recon Fighter, which resembles a plumbing fixture. And the Acolyte Heavy Fighter that bears more than a passing resemblance to the old Salvage Corvette than anything else. The Resource Collector has been replaced by the bumper-car looking vehicle that is also a salvage vessel, repair vessel and delivers the new Infection Vaccine to ward off the effects of the `Beast's' Borg-like beam that it uses to take over your vessels. If fighters and non-combat craft are uninspired, the capital ships are even worse. 	Gone is the Ion Frigate, replaced with the blocky Multi-Beam Frigate and there aren't any Assault or Support Frigates to speak of. Gone are well designed Destroyer, Missile Destroyer and Heavy Cruiser, replaced instead with a horseshoe-shaped Dreadnaught and Carrier. Also gone are most of the little corvettes, Cloaking Generator, Grav Well Generator, etc. Having said that, however, they have added some neat little touches like the Leech, which attaches itself to ships and damages them over time and the improved Drone Frigate. I really miss all of the original ships, because they were so beautiful, and I suppose I will get used to the new designs in time. 	Game play is pretty much unchanged, except individually most of the ships can do more, such as the ability to link two fighters together or a holographic system that enables you to sneak into enemy fleets undetected. Most of the key commands are thankfully unchanged. Multi-player games now happen over a much larger arena, making them last longer, while resources may seem more sparse, asteroids contain more RU's (Resource Units) and with the addition of resource rich crystals, I found myself with 30,000 - 50,000 RU's at the end of a Skirmish vs. CPU game. Visually, the game is still a treat. Campaign missions follow the discovery and accidental release of a million year old techno-organic species dubbed the "Beast" by your Kiith, forcing you to eject a third of your ship as it becomes infected. It is then up to you to hunt down and wipe it out before it spreads across the galaxy. The Beast go around assimilating ships and crew and begins to spread like a massive virus, unfortunately it's already been done and they're called the Borg. 	It's the little things that count. If you remember those great nebula sequences from Star Trek II or the clouded world of Neptune in Event Horizon, players will instantly see the inspiration for the presence of lighting flickering through gas clouds, down into the swirling vortex of black hole. The delicate ripples of thunder only adds to the overall mood, making games almost hypnotic.  3D lighting and effects are still top-notch, but it was the nebulae effects that really caught my attention. If anything, Barking Dog have improved the 3D navigation system, making it much easier to move and position ships around the map- I found myself missing my destination targets less in Cataclysm than I did in Homeworld. 	The manual is not nearly good as the original, even though it details the fall of the Taiidani Empire, the shock the 550,000 hibernating Kushan suffered upon release from the cryo-trays, the problems encountered on resettling on their homeworld, and the continuing problems with Imperialist Taiidani raids into the Hiigaran sector of space. It lacks much of the `Wow' factor the original manual contained with its brilliant and inspired history of the Kharak, the Kushan and their Kiith families. Manual lay out isn't nearly as neat, wasting space to fill more pages, making it obvious the creators just didn't put all that much heart into it. Is it fair to compare to the two games? Of course it is, because they are essentially the same game, Cataclysm just has an inferior story. The urgency generated by the creation of the Beast just isn't there, and doesn't require any where near the same emotional involvement of the player as was the case with Homeworld. It just isn't that good.     