 Disney's Mulan tells the story of Fa Mulan (Ming Na Wen from the live action Street Fighter), a young Chinese woman who cannot bear the thought of her lame father going off to fight Huns, and so she impersonates Fa Zu's  non-existent son, Ping. The film opens with a breathtaking view of China's  Great Wall, built especially to keep the Huns at bay, but the builders  never foresaw  the development of the grappling hook. It is here me meet  Shan Yu, the Hun leader, and like a lot of Disney villains, he is  frighteningly competent and evil. And when he faces down a frightened  Imperial soldier who has managed to light a signal fire that alerts  positions up and down the wall then defiantly states, "...now all of China  knows you are coming!"  Shan Yu is delighted! 	As the Huns approach,  Mulan is being paraded before the matchmaker-the woman who will find a  husband for her. Mulan's eagerness to succeed turns to disaster and she  humiliates her father, then again when the Imperial Army arrives looking  for conscripts, she demands that her father has already served. Her father  proudly exclaims that he will serve much to Mulan's grief-the scene is one  of the most memorable in the film. That night she sneaks out of her room  and dawns her Fa Zu's armor before cutting her hair. Stealing away into the  night, she exchanges the conscript notice with her hair comb then rides off  to join the Imperial Army. 	Mulan as Ping begins to suffer, mostly  because of the advice of Mushu (Eddie Murphy) -a little red dragon and  former temple guardian of the family shrine. She desperately tries to fit  in with the burly bunch of recruits and "be a man" under the watchful eye  of Captain Li Shang-who believes that `Ping' is "unsuited for the rage of  war.", which forces Mulan to try even harder and in the process convinces  her fellow recruits to succeed until they complete basic training. 	 Two of the more memorable scenes include the discovery of the devastated  village and the body of Li Shang's father-a memorable moment on a knoll  where Captain Shang mounts his father's helmet atop his sword. The second  is the spectacular battle sequence on a snowy mountain top. The CGI  sequence of thousands of Huns storming over the rise on horse back has the  same awesome feel as the stampeding wildebeests in Lion King. 	Mulan  scores big with us older folks and must admit my own ignorance in this,  because I have never read the original story and so do not know what Disney  has changed it. The songs, most notably "I'll Make a Man out of You" and  "True to Your Heart" are upbeat and fun. The animation is excellent while  the character art takes a little getting used to, similarly as the art in  Hercules. The signature CGI are pieces are subtle and as the technology  improves are meshed even more seamlessly with the traditional animation  methods. The voice acting is up to the usual Disney standards and I only  wish that those companies producing English translations for Japanese anime  would take a cue from Disney and hire real actors to do character voices.  Of course, that doesn't mean I forgive Disney for getting Phil Hartman to  do the voice of Jiji the cat in Kiki's Delivery Service.     