 This game was actually a lot more fun than I thought it would be. I took a chance when I purchased it, because on the whole I don't really care for racing games, (Having ridden in numerous Porsches at high triple digit  speeds, how much fun can a racing game be?) However, LucasArts manages to  give a very nice impression of speed as you sling down tracks designed by  sadists. The graphics really are top notch as well, though it is quite  obvious that no one has yet been able to create convincing trees-they  always seem to look like cardboard cut outs. The pacing is exquisite as is  the sense of break neck speed. The only let down are the crash explosions  which resemble dust devils that a furious fireball of twisted metal. 	 As with all good racing games, the player can customize his pod with a  never ending list of upgrades-better engines, better cooling, better  grip...the pods hover...uh, well, never mind. Anyway, players can race all  of the pods seen in the film with each one you fly, you get a new batch of  alien expletives each time you are overtaken by another racer. Additionally  there are eight worlds upon which you race, not just Tatooine. There is the  water world, Aquilaris and Ando Prime, an ice world and probably some of  the better tracks. There is Mon Gazza which is a lot like New Jersey or  Hamilton, depending on where you're from. Malastare with its flaming  methane gasses, the prison asteroid of Oovo IV, (again, one of the better  sets of tracks), Ord Ibana, where you race on abandoned tabanana gas mining  station, (huge frustration factor on the later ones), and finally Baroonda,  like Naboo which makes up some of the tougher tracks. 	The game is  helped along by solid music, some of which are exerpts and different  versions taken from the original score. I wouldn't recommend this for any  serious Star Wars gamer unless you don't mind the shape your fun comes in.  This is by no means Jedi Knight or X-Wing Alliance, but a credible game by  LucasArts as they cash in on the Phantom Menace franchise, in fact, it is  one of the better games in the new series of releases. Also, this game is  probably better suited for the Playstation or N-64 rather than the PC.  Beyond that, this is a fast and fun little title.     