 After reading `Onslaught' I eagerly sought out the sequel to the new Dark Tide series, `Ruin', by Michael A. Stackpole. I must admit that I am fast becoming a big fan of his work and plan to read not only his other Star  Wars novels, but his Battletech and fantasy works as well. Also, in keeping  with his own comments, I will endeavor to purchase as many of these books  new, rather than resort to buying used. I think one of the reasons why I  like Stackpole's work so much is that it reminds of my own writing, though  he is published and I am not so that might go some way to explain a few  things on quality and content. He is an excellent story teller and  understands the Star Wars universe, and his vision seems to match my  own. 	`Ruin' follows the events of the New Republic as they  desperately attempt to fight of a growing invasion from the Yuuzhan Vong,  an extra galactic race of religious zealots who are on a bloody pogrom to  wrest the galaxy from the hands of machine using infidels. `Ruin' reveals  that there undercurrents within the Yuuzhan Vong forces that may point  other reasons for this well, but they are not revealed. They are a race of  evil beings bent on slaughter, even though they are aware that the two  cultures are vastly different, but despite this they continue onward in a  crusade across the galaxy led by Shedao Shai, the sadistic leader of the  Yuuzhan Vong forces who is very rapidly developing a hate for Corran  Horn. 	Shai views the killing of his kin on Bimmiel by Horn and  fellow Jedi, Ganner Rhysode as murder while at the same time he is visited  by New Republic Camassi ambassador, Elakos, who wishes to sue for peace or  at least a truce. Shai agrees to the Camassi's request to learn from each  other, so he immediately introduces Elakos to the Embrace of Pain, a  torture device used by the Yuuzhan Vong, almost as form of entertainment.  Meanwhile, Admiral Treast Kre'fey and Rogue Squadron aboard the New  Republic warship Ralroost races into Imperial controlled space to ask for  reenforcements from now Grand Admiral Gilad Paelleon, which the Republic  gets, with a little added surprise. 	The next planet in the path of  the advancing Yuuzhan Vong onslaught is the beautiful jungle world of  Ithor, and both the New Republic and Imperial Remnant have arrived to stem  the tide long enough to evacuate the peaceful Ithorians (the hammerhead  guys from the cantina sequence in episode 4). Shai learns that the skeleton  of one of his kin who had been doing recon 50 years previous has been found  by Corran Horn, and so in order to illustrate to Mr. Horn the dishonor he  has done by not properly adhering to Yuuzhan Vong tradition and prepared  the bones properly, sends the Jedi grisly present. This is nothing compared  to the `Ruin' the Yuuzhan Vong cause, which is eventually heaped on to  Horn's shoulders by Borsk Fey'lya. 	This book is very solid, and  allows for a great deal of growth in who I think the main characters  are-Jacen and Jaina Solo, and their younger brother, Anakin. All three  really shine as they discover some pleasant and not-so-pleasant facts about  life. Stackpole peppers the book with his blisteringly good action  sequences, but also shines on the emotional end of story telling as well.  Luke Skywalker, Mara Jade, and other characters come to life once again in  `Ruin' which will probably be Mr. Stackpole's last Star Wars novel, at  least for a little while. I enjoyed this book immensely, it's ending is a  bit of a gut wrencher, but whoever said war is pretty? 	May the Force  be with you, always.     