 Titan A.E. made me feel like a kid again, mainly because it was out and out fun. Sure there is nothing new in the film, though it does throw some concepts of alien life into the mix that most of the movie going public may not have seen before. What this film really did was inspire a degree of awe within me that I haven't felt since Starship Troopers. There are sequences in Titan A.E. that had my mouth open- the Valkyrie racing through a nebula as it dances with wake angels and leads them on a merry chase around columns of gas or the chase through the chase through the hydrogen trees as Cale and Akima attempt to escape from the Drej Stingers. The movie mixes traditional animation with computer graphics quite nicely, and while the meshing is not always perfect, it is for the most part exceptionally well done. 	Titan A.E.'s story is simple. Basically it's the 30th century and Dr. Tucker has perfected a form of matter conversion on a planetary scale that has enabled him to utilize specific forms of energy to power a device that can create a planet. This device is a massive space craft know as the `Titan', and as the movie starts we see the massive evacuation of the planet as a Drej capital ship decelerates from hyperspace and begins launching Stinger attack ships. The Drej want the Titan destroyed, because they are susceptible to its energy collectors since they themselves are energy beings spawned off by the Drej Queen. Young Cale Tucker (Matt Damon) is dragged away from his father after being gifted with a ring from his dad to remember him by. Cale watches in horror as the Drej Planet Smasher obliterates the Earth while Stingers destroy escape ships. The Earth explodes, its debris vaporizing other ships while other pieces smash into the moon. The Titan escapes by jumping into hyperspace. 	Humans, as a species, have been reduced to the trash of the galaxy, slowly dying out they cluster in drifter colonies of old ships that have been welded together. 	Fifteen years later Cale is working as a junk collector on a deep space salvage station. He is also a minority species in a galaxy of aliens. This enables him to experience racism on a cosmic scale and a nice play on our own world's racial problems. Cale is outside when a sleek starship drops out of hyperspace and is piloted by a beautiful Japanese girl named Akima (Drew Barrymore), instantly smitten Cale heads inside the station where he is met by Korso (Bill Pullman) who informs Cale that he is needed to fulfil his father's dream and recover the Titan. Cale is more than a little reticent since he feels as though his father abandoned him. Korso convinces him otherwise by showing him that the ring Cale's father gave him activates a genetic signal in his body to make a star map appear on Cale's hand that can lead them to the Titan and mankind's salvation. Cale reluctantly agrees, if only escape the attacking Drej. 	Titan A.E. is a fantastic film for young and old. There are some messages contained here, but they are mostly common sense ones about friendship, survival, understanding and redemption. It is also, of course, a love story as Cale and Akima are drawn ever closer together from their less than auspicious beginning. The voice acting is above par, though the rock and roll music score left something to be desired and the film would have been better off with a purely instrumental score. 	This movie succeeds in so many categories, whether it be a never ending series of gorgeous visuals to great action sequences, the film shines. It has good heroes and good, if under used, villains. Where it falls apart are the actual aliens themselves; they are uninspired, making me feel as if Bluth's team had gone for goofy rather than actually making them appear alien. I am also not convinced that I can actually see the $70 million spent on this film on the screen. The 1989 production of Otomo's `Akira' cost over a billion Yen, about $12 million making it the most expensive animated movie ever made in Japan, and its quality and visuals match those of Titan A.E. However, this film is more than adequate to divert people's attention away from the sickly sweet Disney fare. More importantly, it's straight forward science fiction is pretty much flawless in its execution.     