 The 2nd Edition `Complete Book of Psionics' almost ruined mental abilities in general for me. It was one of the most poorly thought-out supplements for the AD&D system, supplanted only by the `Complete Book of Elves'. It was unbalanced and mechanically inept, and prone to abuse by munchkins and bad DMs everywhere. I ran a heavily modified 2nd Edition psionic system in a Dark Sun campaign, and I still thought it was awful. Suffice it to say that anything would have been an improvement. At the same time I have always been of two minds about psionics in a fantasy setting- Deryni books notwithstanding, the realm of psi has always seemed better suited to science fiction than swords and sorcery, but for better or for worse, here it is. And it's hard cover, too. 	The 160-page `Psionics Handbook' is a PH for mentalists. It is laid out almost exactly like the new Player's Handbook, so you will find it familiar almost instantly. Starting first with classes, of which there are only two- the Psion and the Psychic Warrior. The former is a sort of generalist psi, and one who specializes in one of the six Disciplines, but may choose from any so long as they give priority to their chosen discipline. Like mages and sorcerers, they have distributed powers from first to ninth level, and they maintain the `Power Point' system as a carry over from the 2nd Edition version, only this time they handled it right. One of the biggest mitigating elements of the Psion character class is the d4 for Hit Points, again, much like a wizard. 	The Psychic Warrior on the other hand is a more combat oriented character, who while possessing numerous psychic powers up to 6th level, still can't hold a candle to a standard warrior in raw combat potential. Unfortunately, the other carry over from 2nd Edition is that these characters do not have to learn or be taught their next level powers- i.e. once they obtain a level where new abilities are gained- 3rd, 5th, 7th, and so on, the player simply selects the psionic powers they want their character to have and voila, they do. No time is spent learning them, acquiring arcane psionic lore or otherwise. Wise DMs will nuke this instantly and make their psionic characters learn new powers in a similar fashion that a magic user must undergo in order to obtain a new spell(s). 	The psionic powers section in many ways mirrors spells out of the players handbook, and often powers not covered by spells are mishandled. Danger Sense, for example, protects you from traps-like spikes or pits, but does nothing to warn you about a potential ambush. Combat Sense grants you a +2 bonus to strike a foe, but no insight into what that foe plans to do-the traditional working of a combat sense power. Other spells imitate spells like Grease, Spider Climb, Charm Person, and Shape Change, etc.  On the other hand they have cleaned up and simplified the psionic combat section until it both works and makes sense. 	In monster section we have a cast of old favorites like the brain mole, intellect devourer and the githyanki, plus the addition of a Dark Sun monster, the Caller in Darkness, and the completely ridicules `Temporal Filcher' which players should laugh at until the DM who introduces it takes it away and apologizes for using such an insipid monster. 	As will all things D&D, application of judicious common sense is required so that non-psionic characters are not overshadowed by those that have psionics. Powers, Skills and Feats all need to be examined by players and DMs alike to make sure that they will only enhance the game, not unbalance it in favor of psionics. D&D is a magical setting and thusly magic should be more common and better understood than psi, and even ultimately perhaps more powerful. That does not mean that there is no place for one or two psionic characters in a well-run, well-balanced campaign. This book is quite good.     