 Event Horizon: The beginning point of intense gravitation around a black hole or other singularity. Event Horizon: An experimental starship constructed in 2040 to be the first faster than light (FTL) vessel capable  of reaching Proxima Centauri. Event Horizon lost with all hands only to  reappear in a decaying orbit around the 8th planet of our star system. 	 And is another one of those haunted house in space films in the same vein  as Ridley Scott's 1979 `Alien'. In this new feature by Paul Anderson,  (Mortal Kombat). Mankind's reach for space has taken him somewhere he was  never meant to venture, a place of perverse evil and unimaginable sin.  However, this film strides past any notion of just being Hellraiser in  Space, and comes across as an intelligent science fiction movie that slowly  becomes a horror film. Anderson takes what we think frightens us and throws  it out the window. Because the monster lurking behind the door isn't from  another planet and dripping slime, it is from another dimension. It is  hostile. It is malevolent. And it is Evil in its purest form. 	The  Event Horizon appears suddenly, broadcasting an IFF and emergency beacon.  It is a gothic looking ship almost two kilometers long, appearing as though  it were carved from rusted iron and copper. Beautiful. Going out to meet is  the Lewis and Clark, a deep space rescue vessel whose crew specializes in  recovery operations like this. Captain Miller (Lawrence Fishborune) is  rankled to find an additional crew member added to the roster in the form  of Dr. William Weir (Sam Neill), who built the Event Horizon's  revolutionary gravity drive system and what was to have propelled the  massive ship between the stars. When we first meet Weir aboard the skeletal  Daylight Station, it is already obvious that he is a very troubled man- his  wife committed suicide and he is haunted by her. 	It takes 56 days  for the Lewis and Clark to make it out to Neptune where the Event Horizon  lies, wherein it plunges into the high atmosphere of the stormy planet to  make a link up with the historic vessel. Already something is amiss when a  sensor sweep returns dubious results on life readings. The ship is dead.  The crew is missing, saving for a single frozen eyeless cadaver that  crashes to the floor and shatters when the gravity is restored. Reaching  out from the blackness an unseen force has new toys to play with. One crew  member is pulled into the core of the gravity drive, others back away in  fear as something tries to break through a bulkhead, another sees her  crippled son pleading for help, the Captain is faced with a vision of an  old crew member who was immolated in an oxygen fire years ago. They point  to Weir for an explanation, but his response is unhelpful. 	The last  log is found and played back. Through half-seen glimpses of distortion  laced video the Lewis and Clark crew watches those of the Event Horizon  slaughter themselves in an orgy of blood and perversity- with one crewman  screaming as he holds his bloody eyeballs up to the camera, "We don't need  these anymore!" One by one the Lewis and Clark crew is slaughtered- one  dissected, one in a trance walks into an airlock and opens it to space,  another is led by visions of her crippled son into falling several stories  to her death in the engine room. Even Weir is affected by visions of his  dead wife, naked and eyeless. The survivors realize it is the Event Horizon  herself that is killing them and they make a mad dash to escape on the  Lewis and Clark only to discover that one of the spinal separation  explosives is missing aboard the Event Horizon. 	The rest you will  have to see for yourself. 	This is an excellent film, panned by the  critics, but I found it exciting, disturbing and visceral. How delightfully  un-Hollywood! Anderson makes excellent use of his effects budget; providing  us with convincing space vehicles, both inside and out. This film doesn't  have a break neck pace, rather it seems more methodical and deliberate, as  though the viewer was being stocked by the evil that infests the ship.  Scenes that shock are meant to, the violence goes past merely being gross  until it achieves an almost phobic state or mania. Sam Neill and Lawrence  Fishburne are very good and play against each other wonderfully, though  inter-character exchanges are brief and there is little chance to build the  characters into `real' people. 	I found the fact that my eyes were  not being burned out by one colossal effects sequence after another  refreshing. Like so many films these days, `The Matrix' and `The Phantom  Menace' spring to mind, like to bury their viewers in an avalanche of  special effects. This is done by and large to confuse the audience and  distract them from just how bad the story really is. Heaven help us if they  actually start producing films where the story is at least as important as  the effects. Event Horizon is not meant to be swallowed and lost by its  effects, instead it presents a rather esoteric story line that is enhanced  by its effects. Maybe if it had Gungans and Bullet Time effects people  would have liked it more.     