 Do not even assume for a moment that Star Trek: Armada has any resemblance to Relic's Homeworld, the two are about as closely related as Woody Allen is to Arnold Schwarzengger. First off, it has the longest install process  of any game I have ever played, and I have a 48x CD-ROM drive. Second, the  interface is monstrous, even though it looks elegant and simple. While  positioning ships is easy, (and it should be since they only move in 2  dimensions), there is no real sense of scale, plus they have a tendency to  `bump' into objects like space stations and other ships. Secondly, the  instant they see an enemy ship, any vessel you control within weapons'  range automatically opens fire, taking interaction down a notch. Also  unlike Homeworld the user cannot assign formations to his ships, making  dispersement messy. 	When the game starts the user is treated to a  rather nicely rendered opening scene with lots of fleet action between  Federation, Klingon, Romulan and Borg vessels that culminates on an all-out  run on Borg Cubes. (Though one wonders how Picard can face down Locutus  since they are the same guy. Did the Borg clone Picard?) Unfortunately, the  game doesn't deliver anywhere near the excitement generated by a 3 minute  opening segue. At the title screen you have a choice to play a series of  missions as either the Federation, Klingon, Romulan and Borg and they all  must be played before arriving at the finale mission. Overall, the game  seems to have been slapped together to capitalize on the franchise, lacking  both the quality and substance that LucasArts has put into their Star Wars  line of games. Armada lacks the epic scope of similar games like Homeworld  or even Starcraft. If you changed the space scapes to ground and the  starships to Zerg or Protoss units, Armada would be Starcraft, except not  as much fun. 	Armada prolongs the Star Trek game curse when it should  have shattered it. The prospect of moving a fleet of Defiant and Sovereign  class starships around the screen should have been an easy game to create.  Perhaps if Activision had optioned the Homeworld engine for Armada, things  would have been different. However, on the upside, the rendered starships  do look nice, as does the 3D lighting for all of the effects shots. Getting  Patrick Stewart, Michael Dorn, and Denise Crosby to do voices will probably  get die-hard Trek fans to purchase the game to feed their pirana-like  frenzy for franchise merchandise, but style should never win out over  substance in a game like this. There is very little meat to this game. 	 Do yourself a favor, power up your warp engines and get away from this  title, as fast as you can.     