 I must admit that while most people are big Star Wars fans, I am a huge Star Wars fan. I knew that no film could live up to the hype Phantom Menace had received, and with that in mind I went in without any expectations. Is  Phantom Menace 'Star Wars'? Yes, but it doesn't live up to the previous  three story-wise, special effects notwithstanding. Phantom Menace suffers  mostly from poor writing, the introduction of midi-chlorians as a way to  explain one's connection to the Force was a catastrophic mistake. In a few  sentences Lucas stripped away all of the mystery and majesty from the Force  and summed it up with a Treknobabble explanation that space here doesn't  allow me to explain. There were other gripes, but nothing quite as glaring  as the midi-chlorian nonsense. On the up side, Ewen McGreggor and Liam  Neesan do more than enough to hold one's interest, and when the Jedi are on  screen you captivated by the specticle of flashing lightsaber blades and  the awesome power of Jedi Knights. Jake Lloyd as Anakin Skywalker is  cloying in squeaky-clean cuteness. Natalie Portman was a joy to see on the  screen, but the character was too stiff, let's hope Queen Amidala losens up  in the second film. And, as sure as I was that I wanted to see Jar Jar  Binks hewn in lightsaber pate, he actually didn't annoy me as much as I  thought he would. Visually, the film scores big with people who like the  best special effects ILM can produce, but as with the end battle of Return  of the Jedi, the end battle in the Phantom Menace suffers from the 'too  much too fast and not enough time to enjoy it', too many zipping vehicles  on the screen at one time, and lacked the graceful elegance of the end  battle of A New Hope. The centerpiece of the Phantom Menace is the epic  lightsaber duel between Qui-Gon Jinn, Obi-Wan and Darth Maul, and is the  best part of the film with its heart pounding kinetics. When I see better  spaceship designs in computer games like Starcraft than in a Star Wars  film, I'm given to wonder. Doug Chiang is an excellent artist, but his  conservative vehicle designs fell flat. It also lacked the humor and sense  of fun had by the other three films and its tone more serious than it  really needed to be. Bring back Joe Johnston, Bill Berg and Phill Tippet to  the design team and see what happens.     