 Shadows of the Empire for me has been a six year journey. It seemed that it caused quite a stir upon its release, but for some reason I stayed away from it. It had as many detractors as it had proponents. With more time on my hands now, I finally grabbed a copy for myself and decided to see what all the fuss was about. I needn't have worried, it's a great read. But was pleasantly surprised that the book isn't really about the heroes, but instead focuses more on the rivalry between Lord Darth Vader and the leader of the galaxy's largest and most powerful crime syndicate leader, Prince Xizor. Perry does an excellent job balancing the action between the two villains and the other characters. Set just before the action in Return of the Jedi. Shadows of the Empire is a highly enjoyable read. Prince Xizor is a Falleen, a race of highly evolved humanoid reptiles whose family was destroyed when a virus, created on his homeworld by the Empire, got out of control causing Vader to order an entire city affected by it destroyed. Years later Xizor has concocted a scheme whereby he will kill Luke Skywalker, denying Emperor Palpatine his prize and causing Darth Vader serious loss of face in the Emperor's eyes. While Xizor's motivations are typical for the genre and somewhat weak, his machinations in engineering Vader's downfall are exceptionally well thought out, as is Xizor's personality and background. Luke Skywalker, his yet as unknown sister Princess Leia and Lando Calrissian are hot on the tail of bounty hunter Boba Fett who they believe is still in possession of Han Solo frozen in carbonite. Once they locate Fett, they plan to simply take Han from him. To help them in their quest they have hired Dash Render- an expert pilot and smuggler that reminds them of Han Solo with his arrogance and self-assured nature. Dash is simply there as a foil- to play off Leia and Luke while making the reader wish Han Solo was back. His character is purposely two-dimensional and even Lando gets more to do and has more depth. However, the dymanic between Luke and Dash is very interesting. While Luke normally looks up to Han, here he finds Dash's arrogance and superiority grating. After several attempts on Luke's life, Vader slowly learns what Xizor is up to, but is constantly frustrated as he is one-upped by the Dark Prince as he attempts to curry favor with the Emperor. By providing the location of a secret Rebel base. In truth the asteroid-based ship yard is not a Rebel stronghold, but a competitor that Xizor uses the Imperials to eliminate. Darth Vader's own thoughts are very interesting. His own plans of turning Luke the Dark Side and destroying the Emperor are tainted by conflicting emotions of love that he does not understand. There are also interesting scenes with Vader using the Dark Side to sustain himself outside of his life-supporting armor in preparation for the day when he will no longer need it. Perry has near complete control over the characters, which he understands very well. Luke's progress through out the book is a wonderful stepping stone between the Empire Strikes Back to Return of the Jedi- his power in the Force is growing, as is his confidence. Luke is never out of character; always likeable, he is at a crossroads between farm boy and the serious young Jedi in the last film. Perry understands the Force as so well that the reader is convinced utterly of Skywalker's progression in skills and power. I can think of one Bantam era author who should take notes on how to write a Jedi instead of supplying his own misdirected interpretations about them. Shadows of the Empire is light reading. It's a well thought out action story that seeks only to entertain. The action is fast paced and different enough from those seen the films to hold the reader's interest from start to finish. Characters are vivid, especially Xizor and Vader, who as I said are the real stars of the book. While perhaps overly hyped when it was released six years ago (how many books have their own soundtracks?), if you have been considering taking a look at this, now might be the time.     