 Once again the Mechwarrior torch has been passed on, once in the hands of Activision for three games-Mechwarrior 2, then Ghost Bear Legacy and finally Mercenaries, it was handed off to Microprose who bumbled Mechwarrior 3 on a rather grand scale. Now that Fasa has swallowed by Microsoft as yet another franchise under their banner. That said, "Mechwarrior 4: Vengeance" is a worthy successor to Mechwarrior 2, and pigeon holes into the overall Battletech story line perfectly. Though that story line is degenerating thanks to bad writing in the form of Battletech novels and RPG source material in the Federated Commonwealth of House Steiner and House Davion has been shattered, pretty much guaranteeing that everything will return to the same old boring status quo of five Successor Houses squabbling over territory. 	While Mechwarrior 4 uses the basis of the split of the Federated Commonwealth, the ignore the lunacy of lost technology and the inability to build new mechs. Instead, Melissa Steiner has ordered the execution of Duke Dressari of Kentares IV, and in a stunning opening cinematic which uses real actors and not CGI graphics, we see the 5th Donegal Regiment lay waste to the defending forces. The only survivor, of course, is your character, young Ian Dressari who was off world at the time who comes home to reclaim his birthright and to force Steiner's puppet dictator off the planet. Ian is joined by a motley crew of freedom fighters-from engineers to mechwarriors who aid him in his quest. 	The single planet campaign is handled far better in Vengeance than Mechwarrior 3, because it really gives a sense of advancement as your loyalist forces move across the planet from region to region liberating key areas and securing resources. As time progresses you gain additional pilots with which to form a decent lance, weapons, and more battlemechs. Mech design is also superior over Mechwarrior 3, the 3D artists obviously taking their time to provide the best designs Battletech has to offer, (let's face it, many of the mechs in the Technical Readout volumes have been less than inspired.) Units themselves run the gamut from light recon all the way up 100-ton heavy and assault mechs, including some of my favorites like the Mad Cat (Timber Wolf), Nova Cat, and the Daishi. Once I got the Mad Cat, I pretty much stayed with it for the duration of the campaign. 	Missions are fun and varied, ranging from straight out mech melees, capturing supply caravans, even defending a coastal village from an sea strike from naval vessels. Even grudge matches from villains that you meet via intercepted communications, including your evil cousin who you must face in the last mission in a fight to death. And by the end of the campaign you have over 20 mechs to play with and hundreds of weapons, including some weird creations that I have never heard of before, like 40-racks of medium range missiles, light gauss cannons and something called a bombast laser. Where I think it falls apart slightly is when you outfit your mechs. 	In standard Battletech, any critical location big enough to hold a weapon can hold any weapon, not so in Vengeance. Instead, locations are assigned color codes and spaces. Red for Energy weapons, Green for Missiles, and Yellow for Ballistic weapons like machine guns and auto-cannons. Plus Grey for Clan Omni-mechs, which can hold any type of armament. Additionally, their method for grouping weapons is a little arbitrary, and unless you have an advance joystick means you'll be fingering repeatedly for the keyboard to fire other than your primary weapons groups. Also, recycle times on weapons is perhaps a little too long 5 seconds before you can re-fire a PPC, up to 6 or 7 seconds for auto-cannons, which plays up the importance of adding secondary and tertiary fire capabilities to your mech. I completed the game with a 90 ton Daishi with twin Clan LBX-AC20s and a triple punch of Clan LRM-15s. This 1-2 punch combination meant I was smoking heavies and assaults in 2-4 shots. And because they're very heat efficient weapons, I could drop the number of heat sinks to increase armor and engine power. 	3D graphics are a mix bag. A lot of terrain bit maps are quite good, but trees look like cardboard cut outs, seams can be seen where they laid down their textures for the ground, and lighting effects are so-so. The mechs themselves are beautiful, have gorgeous movement that convey an awesome sense of power and weight. Shadow effects of your mech seemed to be an afterthought-looking more like a dark "T" on the ground. Your mech's search lights are next to useless, shining `under' water terrain, but not across it, not that they help you see any better in night missions. The light amplification function also seems like an afterthought, turning your field of vision into an eye-splitting green, so save yourself a ton of equipment and avoid it. Mech explosions, missile con trails and weapons fire are first-rate. But don't get into the trap I fell into-stay away from exploding mechs, the backwash is a pain. 	All in all a solid effort from the folks at Microsoft and Fasa Corp. The solid game play backed up by a good story, firt rate cut scenes all combine into a wonderful Battletech experience. The full motion video cut scenes and briefings, plus interplay between you and your lance-mates only add to its success as a video game. If you like Battletech and have at least enjoyed Mechwarrior 2, then give this a try, you won't be disappointed.     