 Without a doubt, Predator stands as one of my favorite films of the 1980s and perhaps, of all time. Director John McTierman skillfully crafts a fast-paced action science fiction film set in the steamy, unforgiving jungles of South America that pits an experienced bunch of US Army commandos against a solitary alien hunter. Arnold Schwarzenegger leads a cast of relative unknowns and a few familiar faces, including former wrestler and the current (Not for long! ed.) Governor of my state, Minnesota, Jesse Ventura and the equally hunky, Carl Weathers on a rescue mission when they are called up to go after a cabinet minister whose helicopter has crashed behind enemy lines. What they find are a squad of Green Berets who have been left hanging from trees and skinned alive. Schwarzenegger, as Major ``Dutch'' and the rest of his team are perplexed by this unusual turn of events. What they learn is that there is no cabinet minister, rather a CIA operation to foil a Soviet-led communist insurgence into a neighboring nation and that Dutch's team was misled into stopping it. What also become very apparent is that whoever or whatever skinned the Green Berets has now taken an interest in them. McTierman's grasp of action and pacing is probably second only to James Cameron's. At first the action is sporadic, culminating in the first half of the film with a huge gunfight between Dutch's team and the guerillas, but it tapers off as the team realizes that they are being hunted and picked off one by one by the Predator. Hawkins' gets it first, followed by Ventura''s mini-gun toting Blaine, shot through the back by the Predator's plasma gun. The team quickly organizes in an attempt to make it safely to the drop zone without any more loss of life. I found a great many similarities in Predator and McTierman's later film, the 13th Warrior, with both films possessing great strengths in both characterization, style and energy. Both films have in abundance a large cast of characters, all of whom are for the part, very likeable and an air of creepiness as the surreal intrudes on the real. There is a huge contrast between Predator's cast of commandos and those found in Resident Evil- when one of Dutch's men is lost, you feel disappointed. McTierman also likes night shooting, but that doesn't mean darkness, rather as a backdrop for spectacular pyrotechnics and fires that go a long way to lighting the action. He handles it all superbly. The final battle between Dutch and the Predator is finely crafted tour de force as Dutch pits his experience and intelligence against that of a foe equipped with advanced technology and no small amount of its own experience. One of the aspects of the two Predator films, the Aliens series, the Terminator movies and to some extent, RoboCop (1 and 2, but not 3), is the mythology that grows up around them. All four series have, to one degree or another, an ``expanded universe'' in much the same way that both Star Wars and Star Trek do, albeit much smaller. Whether it be comics, novels, or video games. There was even a project at 20th Century Fox to make an Aliens-Predator crossover film which generated considerable excitement at the time, but unfortunately, never actually happened. About the only thing we did get were two Aliens vs. Predator games. Mores the pity. I'm also hoping Predator 2: Body Count makes it on to DVD soon. I always hope that there will be another Predator film, because the series is too much fun and too interesting to simply be allowed to fade away into nothing.     