 I just read a review of the Phantom Menace where the reviewer said that anyone who didn't like the movie was not a true Star Wars fan. So, in order to be a true Star Wars fan, you must like everything that has ever been published about it, regardless of quality or content, got that? People have no right to their own opinions and must have them dictated to by narrow minded fans who are so insecure about what they like that they have spew them out like toxic effluent and poison phenomena like Star Wars. It is like all things that have a following- you like what you like and leave the rest, which is as it should be. I didn't much care for the Phantom Menace. Deal with it. For myself I am really enjoying Michael A. Stackpole's X-wing series, and the `Krytos Trap' is no exception. It concentrates on crackling good action centered around the now famous Rogue Squadron-a dozen of the most skilled X-wing pilots originally assembled by Luke Skywalker after the Battle of Yavin and now led by Wedge Antilles. In this book the New Republic forces have taken Coruscant-the capital of the Old Republic and the now-almost-defeated Empire. But at what cost? The delightfully maniacal Ysanne Isard has unleashed a virus known as Krytos which afflicts almost all races with the exceptions of humans, bothans, and a few other closely related species like wookies. The terrible plague ravages the body, breaking down cell membranes until the victim is literally this bloody slurry of agonized pulp before finally dying after mere days of contracting the disease. There is a cure, however, but bacta is in short supply which drives up the prices, putting the New Republic in a very precarious position as they face allegations of racism. To make matters worse Corran Horn is dead and Captain Tycho Celchu is on trial for his murder during the Rogue Squadron mission on Coruscant. But Horn isn't dead, instead he has been captured by Isard and has him held on the Lusankya prison where she attempts to brain wash him into one of her custom agents. This is the same problem that Celchu faces since he himself was a prisoner of hers in Lusankya as well and this fact dogs him through out the story. But Isard is finding Horn a very hard nut to crack, because for some reason he keeps shrugging off her mind control attempts. Meanwhile, Wedge Antilles puts it all on the line by steadfastly supporting Celchu during his trial. About the only concept I wasn't thrilled with was the idea of the bacta cartels out of the planet Thyferra. This stuff is almost as important as fuel for starships, and in a galaxy with tens of thousands of inhabited worlds and trillions of people, there would be no cartels controlling the supply of bacta given how long it's been around. In all that time it would have been stolen, duplicated, etc. that many companies would have been making it for centuries. The stuff is too important to be controlled by a few cartels, it's not cocaine, it's an all-purpose medical item like a stethoscope. `Krytos Trap' like the rest of the Rogue Squadron books are genuinely good reads-light, easy to digest, and more focused on having fun with the Star Wars environment than producing some in-depth political discourse. These books will never win major literary awards, but who cares, they're there to be enjoyed. And thanks to Stackpole's excellent grasp of all things Star Wars, the Rogue Squadron series delivers high adventure, larger than life heroes and villains and continues the greatest space fantasy of them all. The Force will be with you, always.     