 Oh, yes! Another great Star Wars novel and considering how few there have been it makes me glad to be a fan. I can't for the life of me figure out why quatrewinner why he thought `I, Jedi' was disastrous, I personally  thought it was another of those few really good Star Wars novels. Stackpole  certainly puts a lot more thought into his characterization than Zahn does,  but more importantly he handles the characters intelligently and logically.  Stackpole's Mara Jade seems more alive, more vibrant than Zahn's, and he  created her. Plus he doesn't focus on the primary characters of Luke, Han  and Leia- in fact, except for one scene, Han Solo isn't even in `Onslaght'.  Also, Stackpole doesn't fall back on Zahn's ridiculous plots. (Flim? Excuse  me?) 	`Onslaught' is the second book of the Dark Tide series of the  New Jedi Order, set 25 years after `A New Hope' the Jedi have been making a  come back and by this time there are nearly a hundred of them. Stackpole  makes no mention of midi-chlorians, and I think we can all be grateful for  that, in fact he makes no mention the `Phantom Menace' at all except for a  podrace reference. In a nutshell `Onslaught' picks up with Leia addressing  the Senate to inform the of a new threat to the fragile New Republic, and  this threat is known as the Yuuzhan Vong, a race of humanoids who appear to  extra-galactic origin and bent on invading the New Republic. Leia is  rebuked and humiliated by Senators, including Borsk Fey'lya who denies even  that there is a problem. With the aid of her Caamasi friend, Elegos A'Kla  convince the Senate to allow them to proceed with a fact finding mission to  back up their claims, aware that Fey'lya continues to maneuver to discredit  the Jedi who are blamed for the disastrous first contact. 	There is  little doubt in my mind that Yuuzhan (Zhan? ) Vong are evil, and through  out `Onslaught' they are depicted brutalizing their captives, even to the  point where they murder them for recreation. Since the Yuuzhan Vong loath  mechanical technology, they rely on entirely organic devices, including a  rack-like device known as the `Embrace of Pain', which keeps the captive in  a constant state of pain while strapped to it. Additionally, the Yuuzhan  Vong are very tough-physically stronger and faster than humans, they wear  living armor that can turn lightsabers and carry weapons known as  amphistaff-a living sword that can inject venom and even parry a  lightsaber, indeed it would appear the only ones who can stand up to a  Yuuzhan Vong warrior is Jedi. It also doesn't help that the Vong cannot be  sensed by the Force, something that makes their actions difficult to  predict. 	Leia's fact-finding mission turns out be a retreat as she  an her allies are forced to evacuate a planet of civilians and ferry them  to Dantooine, all the while being harried by Yuuzhan Vong forces. On  Dantooine, 14 year old Anakin Solo must look after his Aunt, Mara  Jade-Skywalker as she recovers from a disease that the heroes believe was  instituted by the Yuuzhan Vong. These sequences are among my favorites  because it clearly shows Mara's more caring nature as she educates her  young nephew to rely less on the Force and more on himself. I didn't want  to think about the other books that had the Jedi kids in them, but I was  pleased with all three of them for my first exposure and anyone who can  convincingly have a 14 year old slaying Yuuzhan Vong soldiers and not have  it appear ghoulish is doing a good job in story telling. 	While the  book doesn't end on a cliffhanger, it could best be described as  inconclusive. The Prologue where we actually get to see things from the  Yuuzhan Vong perspective was predictable, except it cements into the  reader's mind that these creatures are capital `E' Evil, which of course  means they can be killed without remorse, since not to do so would be  suicide. Mind you, they did come off a bit like Klingons, but even that  wasn't enough to ruin this book. While not nearly as intricate as `I,  Jedi', `Onslaught' is a very good, fast read. Stackpole writes rings around  Zhan in so many ways, handling characters he created better than he did. I  can't wait for the next novel in the series, because things in the Star  Wars universe were starting to get a little dull.     