 Blizzard is one of those companies which toil away quietly only to release masterpiece after masterpiece. Real time strategy wasn't invented by Blizzard, instead they looked at what others had done and made  improvements, the end result was Warcraft, which was followed by the hugely  successful Starcraft in 1997, then the follow-up Brood War in 1998. They  have been assembled here in something called a Battlechest, which is  actually just a bigger box, but Battlechest sounds better. They also  include the strategy guides for both games, making it an excellent value  for the money given how routinely over priced strategy guides are. 	 Starcraft gives the player command of 3 races: The Terrans, who are allied  in a sort of Confederacy and boils down to red necks in space; the Zerg, a  race of xenomorphs created by an ancient race known as the Xel-Naga. The  Zerg are the ultimate predator and hyper-evolutionary beings; finally we  have the Protoss, a race of psionic and technological masters, but were  also created by the Xel-Naga. Each race has 10 missions that the player  must complete, enabling them to `win' as each race while a larger story  unfolds. 	The Zerg are spreading across the galaxy trying to find the  next stage of their evolution, in this case it's the humans whom they plan  to absorb in order to gain psionics. The Protoss, aware of the Zerg  Overmind and his plans to infest the human colonies, dispatch one of the  greatest warrior templars-Tassadar, to deal with the threat. But when he  discovers that the humans have potential, he refuses to incinerate the  infested planets. The Terrans meanwhile are in the midst of the revolution  as Governor Mensk intends on becoming Emperor Mensk by leading a renegade  faction of humans known as the Sons Of Korhol. The game also introduces a  host of unforgettable characters like Tassadar, Fenix, James Raynor, and  Sarah Kerrigan. 	While graphics may begin to appear a little dated,  they are well detailed and colorful even though the game does not have any  3D support. What this also means is that they game will run on slower  machines like Pentium 90s. It has both Internet and Network support, and  both Starcraft and Broodwar include a native campaign editor that enables  creative players to design their own missions to share with friends. Both  the sound and the music are first rate, with one of the more enjoyable  aspects of the game being the different one-liners delivered by the  different characters and vehicles whenever you click on them multiple  times. Especially good are the standard Terran Marine, the Science Vessel,  and the Dropship. 	Game play, however, is second to none in the RTS  arena. All three of the races are exceptionally well balanced between each  other, though the humans are by far the most versatile and solid. The Zerg  regenerate damage and can be `built' quickly, but aren't as tough as the  humans so they make up for it in greater numbers. The Protoss are the  toughest of the three races, but their units also take the longest to build  and cannot be repaired if damaged. And one of the more fun aspects of  Broodwar is using Prostoss Dark Templars to mind control enemy units, such  as the Terran SCV or Zerg Gatherer, with it you can then build and control  all of the Terran or Zerg units as well. 	Starcraft delivers it all:  Terrific story, unsurpassed game play, great and often funny CG full motion  video, and replayability. No two missions are alike, and range from  capture, search and destroy, to all out warfare that will take hours to  complete. End missions are inhumanly tough, forcing the player to really  think about what units he should build and how he should use them. The game  rewards success with more missions, especially considering that between the  two, there are well over one hundred multi-player maps contained on the  disks as well. However, as with all internet multi-player games, beware of  dirty filthy stinking rotten cheaters. 	Straight up, this is the best  game within its class, outmatching even Command & Conquer who really  created the genre in the first place. Starcraft's sense of humor, epic  story and scale, coupled with Blizzard's uncompromising production values  make for a truly memorable game, one that delivers hours of play in a well  thought out universe. This game is pure fun!     