 It is hard to think of Star Wars as just a film without wanting to look deeper into what goes on behind the camera, and in this case what is behind the camera is so much larger than a standard movie. Star Wars spawned  industries and new technologies through Lucas' obsession with getting his  vision on to the big screen, but Lucas' visions would be nothing were it  not for the legion of talented concept artists who rendered his thoughts on  to paper, then a model or costume, and now, the computer. Indeed, the art  department of Industrial Light and Magic-Lucas' preeminent special effects  house, has some of the brightest, most imaginative artists working within  the industry today. 	For the Phantom Menace Lucas turned to Doug  Chiang to provide much of the design work used within the film, most  notably the ships and vehicles of the Trade Federation and those of the  Naboo. The Art of the Phantom Menace takes us through the evolution of  these designs from concepts to the screen, and in many cases abandoned  ideas were often better than what eventually made it to the screen. Plus,  it is easy to understand why Lucas wanted the Trade Federation army to be  comprised mainly of robots instead of people-it is much more pleasant to  have Jedi hacking the arms, legs and heads off of non-thinking robots than  it would be if they were Stormtroopers or other living soldiers. 	 While these designs are nice, I found them to be conservative and far less  evocative than the previous host of vehicles in the first three films. A  Naboo N-1 Starfighter resembles a speed boat with port and starboard  engines, garishly painted yellow with chrome accents; it also completely  lacks the impact of an X-Wing with its variable geometry wings and more  utilitarian design. The Queen's cruiser is little more than a silvery US  Air Force SR-71 spy plane. In fact, much of the designs fell flat, whether  it was the Trade Federation battleship-a toroid with a sphere mounted in  the center just isn't as impressive as the fearsome wedge-shaped Star  Destroyer. I however liked the AAT and MTT used by the Federation, the  Armored Attack Tank had a decidedly insectile and alien appearance while  the locomotive inspired Multi-Troop Transport seemed imposing and  powerful. 	The pod racers had a beautiful look-like much of the Star  Wars designs, looked functional and well used, unlike the pristine pixie  dust and polish that accompanies the vehicles and sets of Star Trek. I  enjoyed the pod designs immensely and chuckled when I recognized that  Sebulba's pod car was in fact the front end of an A-10 Fairchild with  engines attached on either side of the cockpit. The book takes us through  the evolution of not only vehicles, but also costumes and sets. 	The  big advantage Lucas in the Phantom Menace was that many of the sets were  all done with CGI, meaning they were nothing more than blue walls behind  the actors which were then rendered in during post production. Whether they  were full-scale physical sets or CGI, it didn't matter, the background  buildings of Naboo, Coruscant, and Tatooine add so much flavor to the film,  because they are so varied and work well add distinctiveness to each of the  locations through out the film. It also gives us a look at the creatures  seen through out the film, the stages of gungan development from amphibians  to Jar Jar Binks, beasts of burden and the myriad of creatures seen in the  senate chambers, swamps, and deserts. 	This book is for those who  like to look beyond the film, to know how a vehicle or creature or building  began as a rough piece of concept art to the finished product. Though as I  said, I wasn't all that thrilled with the vehicle designs, I felt that the  book itself was a worthy addition to my Star Wars library of art and  special effects books. And while there isn't a lot of text to read (always  a downside), the art more than makes up for it.     