 Not being an owner of a game console such as a Playstation and the like, I have never spent much time actually playing any of the Resident Evil series. I tried to play them on my PC, but it always seemed like my top of the line PC was being dumbed down by playing console games on it, like it was getting a headache trying to think on the same level as a console. That said, I have however seen the games played by many of friends and know the Resident Evil stories, read some of the comics and a couple of the novels. I know and like the characters and all of the playable ones like Claire Redfield or Jill Valentine. Both have one quality, among others, that Mila Jovovich lacks in abundance- her character Alice is not very likeable. In fact, she isn't much of anything, she isn't even that attractive. 	The Resident Evil movie also has very little in common with its console video game forebears- other than it's title and that it has an evil corporation named Umbrella which has made a terrible virus that turns people into flesh eating zombies. Now, to me, this sounds like a match made in heaven. I'm a graduate of the George A. Romero school of zombie flicks and cut my teeth on Night, Dawn and Day of the Dead. I make no apologies for like spectacular gore- I want to see people being ripped in half with their intestines and other organs spilling out on the floor with wet goopy splatting noises like a bowl of rotten fruits being tipped over. I want limbs hacked off. I want people using 500 bullets to kill something instead of using just one. I want Peter Jackson `Bad Taste' and `Brain Damage' level gore. Resident Evil the movie has flesh eating zombies, but very little gore, very little actual eating of flesh. Almost none. So, what's the point? 	Anyway, the film is pretty much an amalgamation of some of the game stories, namely the virus being released and Umbrella trying to cover it up by gassing the residents of a watch house after someone attempts to steal the virus and purposely releases it. Alice, who awakes in the shower, has no memories of her past and is suddenly thrust in the middle of a commando raid as Umbrella attempts to gain access to `The Hive'- their massive underground research facility where the `T'-virus was made and subsequently released. Now, in the video game, everything Umbrella owns is made of rusted steel and looks to be about a hundred years old or painted a sickly medicinal green and splattered with mud and blood. The film, however, everything is cut from polished stainless steel and aluminum, all very sanitary and high tech, which doesn't fit the milieu. 	The commandos realize they'll have take down a powerful hologram-based AI known as the Red Queen, because she controls the whole Hive and they suspect she's insane. Entering through a glass corridor we get to watch as most of the team is cut into meat by lasers, including the grid laser seen in the commercial. But they wimp out- we barely see Number 1 cut into giblets Sylvester-running-through-the-chain-link-fence style, and get a semi decent slow motion decapitation. Now, in my mind, after the first laser had passed and killed two of the commandos, the next obvious move would be to roll a couple of grenades down the hallway- made entirely out of glass!! Instead, no, everyone dies, leaving only Alice, three commandos and a ineffectual cop to deal with it all. 	All in all, this film is nothing like the video games. None of its characters are likeable and truth be told, I wanted them all to die. However, the production values are very high and they obviously put a lot of care and thought into the end product. I'm also a big fan of Jon Anderson- Event Horizon will always be one of my favorite films. But in Resident Evil he changed too much, took too much away from the games that made them so effective. Very few of the monsters made it to the screen save for the lickers, which were underused and the undead skinless dogs, again, underused. Notice I have said much about the zombies? I haven't because there aren't exactly a lot of them, nor a lot of scenes with them. 	It's a zombie movie! For crying out loud, this is what people paid money to see and they give a very poor account of themselves. In this is where the film really falls apart- the zombies just didn't look dead enough, for the most part. It's like the make-up artists gave up before they were finished. The zombies didn't looked decayed enough, weren't feral enough, weren't missing enough body parts or bleeding enough. In short, they were one of the least satisfying portions of the film. I want gore...not scene after scene of high tech equipment and mean spirited characters with very few redeeming qualities. Dawn of the Dead could get away with being a character drama as well as a satirical portrait and scathing indictment of our consumerism-based society. Resident Evil is about gore and killing zombies in as many disgusting ways as possible and nothing else. Worse, the music had me reaching for an icepick to puncture my own eardrums it was so terrible.     