 I dreaded writing this review because I knew that no one would agree with me. As much as I look forward to seeing Attack of the Clones when it opens this week, I fear the soundtrack will not measure up. I also know that there are legions of people out there who will tell me that I do not understand what John Williams is doing with the music. Aside from the opening fanfare that has heralded Star Wars for lo this past quarter century, there is little to mark this score as profound- there is no music as evocative or even memorable of the older scores. Nothing resonates, nor does it relate much to Phantom Menace soundtrack William wrote three years ago. `Across the Stars' possesses a no real sense of what it is trying to convey, sounding more like a brooding march than its actual title of `Love Theme'. 	`Zam the Assassin and the Chase Through Coruscant' is mostly a hodgepodge of different instruments, often discordant, assembled together form `music'- and as chase music it fails completely. Nothing leaps out as memorable or even reminiscent of other famous Star Wars chases, and the addition of the electric guitar made almost no sense. There isn't even a sense of it being Star Wars at all. `Yoda and the Younglings' is actually kind of pleasant as the venerable Jedi Master instructs children in the Force as they practice with lightsabers, but it says nothing of Yoda himself or his music from the Empire Strikes Back. If the Emperor can have his own music, why not Yoda? Though with the addition of a choral accompaniment, it stands out as being one of the better tracks on the disk so far. 	Track 6, `Anakin and Padme' is more a love theme than `Across the Stars', but neither really comes across well. It's weak, not all that interesting, having no where near the sadness pent up in it like `Princess Leia's Theme', a piece I consider to be one of Williams' most brilliant works. `Jango's Escape' is more of the same as `Zam the Assassin...', only it's a little more forceful and strident, but again, it lacks any sort of memorable passages that stick in one's mind. And except for the end, you can jump to any point in the track and it will sound like any other point in the same track. `The Meadow Picnic' is a little more playful, airy and pleasant. It picks up in the middle and develops passages of tracks two and six into something recognizable, and even a little ominous. 	`Bounty Hunter's Pursuit' is again a rehash of tracks two and a little bit of seven thrown in for variation, but since the previous two are just really instrumental rides, the end result is less than fulfilling. The pieces just lack energy and again, no memorable refrains. Track ten, `Return to Tatooine' has some sense of the original, but no connection to it. Only at the half way point does the real Star Wars music start with a little bit of the original trilogy and `Duel of the Fates' thrown in to spice things up, but it doesn't last. `The Tusken Camp and The Homestead' has some honestly creepy undercurrents to it and a deep and very profound sense of darkness that wells up from inside of Anakin. 	`Love Pledge and the Arena' should have been the kicker. A familiar refrain from the picnic is there which adds a little emotion to it which then segues into the arena battle between the Jedi, clone troopers and the combined armies of the Trade Federation and Commerce Guilds- mechanistic and building slowly towards a titanic climax as the warriors clash across the desert sands of Geonosis. It's a fun piece, but lacks again the impact of `The Last Battle' from A New Hope or `Battle in the Snow' from The Empire Strikes Back. Plus the piece is very short- only 8:30, leading me to believe the actual sequences in the film will use the music sparingly or other pieces will be added to it. 	Finally, track thirteen `Encounter With Count Dooku and Finale' rounds out a very short Star Wars movie soundtrack. While ominous and almost dream like, the final track is also deceptively short in many ways. It isn't even `Duel of the Fates' with all its grandure and the choral accompaniment isn't on the level of the Gaelic poem `Cot Gaddeu' or `Battle of the Trees', which is where the lyrics of `Duel of the Fates' came from. There is a brief segue into the `Imperial March' near the middle and mingles nicely with Anakin's theme for an end result that is quite transcendent and emotional given what happens to Skywalker. It builds powerfully, inexorably towards the `Finale' and `End Titles' of the familiar fanfare, gliding so perfectly as it always does as the credits roll blue across the field of stars. 	For a Star Wars soundtrack I was genuinely unimpressed. Considering how many of things I own from all the different arrangements and recordings in the past twenty-five years, I am given to wonder if maybe Williams has run out gas. Most of the tracks are dull, almost lifeless parodies of the tracks that came before it. Very little resonates with me and ultimately doesn't have much of a Star Wars feel to it. Where it's good it is often merely okay, and the rest is forgettable, and that's something I never thought I would say about a Star Wars soundtrack. Maybe Williams was too busy with the Olympcs to devote much time to the score, but for whatever reason, the energy and magic just aren't there.     