 For 25 years Industrial Light and Magic has woven magic into countless films, either subtle images through `invisible' effects such as matte paintings or through eye-popping visuals that stand out vividly against the film backdrop. ILM has made it's mark on history, for not only have they  been and still are the premiere effects house in Hollywood, they have  innovated and invented more technology than any other studio, additionally  they have won awards for the processing and compositing technology they  have created. ILM had to be the best at special effects, because their  flagship title - STAR WARS - demanded the best, because that's what Lucas  wanted. 	`Into the Digital Realm' isn't so much an abandonment of ILM  of the traditional methods of special effects, rather a point of departure  for the new technology and all of things that led up to it. Indeed, ILM's  work on `The Hunt For Red October' submarine work involved flying the  submerged vessels from wires in a smoky room - effects do not get any more  traditional than that. Released in 96, the book doesn't mention that  Phantom Menace or even that the film is in production. It does have some  revised images from the Star Wars special edition. As with the previous  tome, this one is packed with hundreds of color photos, plus the same  beautiful gate fold images. 	If the center piece for the previous  book was Star Wars, Digital Realms' focus is obviously Jurassic Park,  because it was the first film to use CG on so large a scale, even more than  Terminator 2, which ILM also did. Jurassic Park was also the test bed and  showcase piece that convinced Lucas that computers had finally matured  enough to bring what he had in mind to the screen for the new Star Wars  films. More is the pity, because I came to loathe most of the aliens in the  Phantom Menace. Digital Realm clearly explains in easy to understand terms  how effects - both new and old - are accomplished, be it something as  simple as making it appear as if buildings are actually much taller than  they or having a velociraptor walk _behind_ a plant situated in the  foreground. I have both of these wonderful books, and I strongly recommend  them to anyone who is curious about ILM's history and the process of how  effects are made.     