 Ever since their introduction in Star Trek: The Next Generation, the Borg could have been the Federation's (and everyone else's) ultimate enemy. Technologically advanced, but somehow dead, the Borg would assimilate all  that they found useful, (this undoubtedly also led to inspire Blizzard in  their creation of the Zerg for Starcraft), and destroying the rest. The  Borg, whose massive cube ships roamed space, forever seeking the next race  to absorb and obliterate were unaware of the Federation and all other races  in the Alpha Quadrant until the meddlesome Q hurled the USS-Enterprise into  the Borg's back yard, it should have started an all-out war, but as with  most things Star Trek, the writers fumbled the ball. Something that should  have been impossible to do given the possibilities in the introduction of  such an enemy. 	However, salvation can be found in Vendetta, a novel  by Peter David, who as I have said, writes the best Trek novels. David has  such a terrific grip on the Next Generation characters that the reader has  no trouble believing that this is canon and just a really good Next  Generation episode. David also includes a valid reason for the existence of  the Doomsday Machines, as presented in the old series. They had been  created to destroy the Borg, before mankind had ever reached into space.  Makes sense and it tied up a loose end nicely, something Paramount has long  since forgotten how to do. A new planet killer is on the move; and this one  is far more massive, and it's slaughtering Borg with frightening ease. The  death machine is haunted by Delcara, a woman who is suspected to be of the  same species as Guinan, whose race was wiped out by the Borg, and she is on  a path that while it may wipe out the Borg, will cut a path through the  Alpha Quadrant killing millions. 	The book is laced with David's  usual observational humor and witty banter between most members of the  Enterprise crew. But he also digs deep, assessing the personal turmoil felt  by Picard as he comes to terms with facing the Borg after being assimilated  by them only months before. Plus we get a wonderful insight into Geordi  LaForge who is at odds with everyone on board the starship when he  struggles to `unassimilate' a captured Borg drone. Vendetta is a wonderful  free for all across the Federation and through the depths of time, because  Picard once new, once loved Delcara and he watches helpless as she is  consumed by the ghosts of the Doomsday Machine into becoming an instrument  of their revenge against the Borg. David even throws in an encounter with  the Tholians, which goes marginally better than the time when Kirk met  them. 	The Borg, as created by the Trek writers, should have been the  ultimate enemy, and in Vendetta, they are. But they are ones that can be  destroyed, and not reasoned with as is the usual Trek touchy-feely method  of handling things. The Borg deserve no quarter, no mercy-exactly what they  have shown the countless races they have annihilated over the centuries.  Vendetta goes a long way in showing us what should have been. Instead, we  got `First Contact' and I know which one I like better.     