 The Terminator stands as one of the truly great movies ever made in my books. Like many people, I maintain a fluid list of favorite movies in my head, however, the top three spots have never changed. Star Wars: A New Hope is number one, Aliens is number two and the Terminator is number three. Everything else after that is in a constant state of flux as I see new films. James Cameron's opus will always be Aliens, but the Terminator is his second best work and his directorial debut. This film is exquisite start to finish and a masterpiece of contrasting imagery that spans forty years between the stark, rain swept night time streets of `present day' Los Angeles in 1984, and a dark, foreboding future where mankind clings to life in a terrific struggle against the machines. The film opens in Los Angeles of 2029. Silvery aerial and tracked hunter-killer tanks roll relentlessly across field of shattered human skulls, searching for pockets of humanity to exterminate. The whine of engines and the purple flash and deep resonant pulse of the plasma cannons highlight a grey, dead city. It sets the stage for the war of the future that will be fought in the present as Skynet, the intelligence created by Cybderdyne Systems, sends a lone cyborg (Arnold Schwarzenegger) back in time to kill Sarah Conner (Linda Hamilton), mother of John Conner, who will teach the humans to organize and fight back. It is implied that the humans capture the facility, are able to send a protector to look after her, and make it possible for John to be born. An interesting problem exists in that all the records of Sarah Conner's existence are gone, the Terminator only knew her name and the city in which she lives. Thinking logically, it stars a methodical search using the phone book, and begins killing every Sarah Conner it can find. Part of what makes this movie so perfect is the lead heroine. Nowadays strong female characters, the Mara Jade types, are usually confrontation, arrogant, and mean. Sarah Conner, like Aliens' Ellen Ripley, is a wonderful mix of very attractive qualities. She is thoughtful, intelligent, and possessing of an inner strength that even she doesn't believe she has within her. But at the same time she is depicted as lonely, which leads to a great sense of isolation when she realizes that she is next on the killer's list. And when she is at her most helpless, Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) saves her, but not only that. He acts as a spring board for her character to begin delving within to find what she needs to help herself and learn what she must teach her son if he is to be the savior of mankind. The dynamic between Hamilton and Biehn is electric. There is real passion there, because in many ways they are the same person, just reversed. Kyle is a warrior, with a sensitive caring soul held just beneath the surface that Sarah brings to the surface. The action and pacing of the film are first rate as three points converge: The Terminator, Kyle Reese and Sarah Conner, moving towards a flash point and the climax of the film. The Terminator is methodical- procuring weapons, a place to hide, and locating the Sarahs. Kyle is more in the background, but doing essentially the same thing, except he has a picture of Sarah. Conner's only inkling that something is wrong happens when she learns that women with her name are being killed all over LA. And when Sarah is stood up by her date, she opts to go see a movie instead when she realizes that someone is following her. After killing Sarah's roommate and her boyfriend at their apartment, the terminator overhears Sarah calling Ginger for help, revealing her location.  The three points converge is a trendy night club. It's an epochal event as the Terminator finally comes face to face with her. Then with all the aplomb of a man hailing a cab, he singles her out with his laser-sighted .45 and prepares to change history. There follows a series of high speed chases through the streets of LA, and Cameron's telltale style of lighting, often glaring white, shining from the background adds an almost otherworldly effect to mundane things like buildings and cars. When Sarah and Kyle are arrested, the Terminator goes through an entire police station to get her, including Millenium's Lance Henriksen. Escaping into the night, the two prepare for the final confrontation with the mechanized killer. Kyle teaches Sarah how to make pipe bombs while telling her of his world. And he explains why he volunteered to be the one to come back in time. It is in fact Kyle who is John's father, and I'm sure there has to be a temporal paradox in there somewhere. Visually, the film is first rate. Fantasy II's future sequences and Stan Winston's make-up and Terminator endo-skeletons are some of the finest moments in Science Fiction film making. Even in this day and age of CG-everything, the rear projected, stop motion animated Terminator effects are still very good, standing up well in the light of eighteen years of technological innovation. Additionally, for the special edition DVD they redid some of the sound effects, like the Terminator's long-slide .45. There are lots of extras, including deleted scenes, still galleries, and two interview reels with Arnold Schwarzenegger and James Cameron, plus Biehn and Hamilton. After eighteen years since I first saw it, Terminator is still Number 3 on my list of favorite films, and it always will be.     