 After reading Matheson's unforgettable `I Am Legend' I endeavored to find a copy of his likely more famous `Hell House' and upon doing so tore through it in a day. Well, if you can call a `day' being finished it at  seven in the morning, good thing I work nights. I must admit that I do not  read enough of the horror genre to know what is and is not predictable, and  while others said the ending was I confess to not having seen it coming.  Matheson's text reads like prose and glides easily from page to page  without burying the reader in superfluous detail, giving the right amount  so the reader has some bearing on where they are. 	The story entails  the wishes of dying man who wishes to know if there are indeed ghosts, and  to those ends has purchased the grand bull mouse of haunted mansions,  Belasco House, in Maine and has sent in a team of investigators to verify  the existence of haunts. He chooses Lionel Barret, a physicist and  scientist who has built a device capable of negating the EM radiation  produced by spooks, his wife, Edith, a Christian minister and medium,  Florence Tanner, and the only surviving member of the 1940 expedition into  the house, Benjamin Fischer, who is also a medium. A medium us a person who  is sensitive to super natural events like hauntings and can open themselves  up to them. 	Arriving at the house through thick fog they find that  all of the windows have been bricked up while the mansion itself rises like  some terrible monolith before them. Events begin to unfold as they hold  their first sitting and Florence opens herself up to the house where she  makes contact with one of the former residence, an Indian named Red Cloud,  but is soon interrupted by another spirit who claims that if they do not  leave it will be forced to kill them. While startled, they are largely  unfazed and proceed with other forms of paranormal research such as  Tanner's ability to control extoplasm, a substance believed to be  associated with ghosts. And later explained by Dr. Barret as simply a  manifestation of Tanner's own self, composed mostly of detritus from her  own body. 	The story follows through with some genuinely creepy  moments, but it is all standard haunted house fair, just exceptionally  powerful occurrences. Fischer relates the history of Belasco house and how  it was built by Emeric Belasco as a sort of standing experiment in every  conceivable form debauchery until the tenants had been so corrupted that  they eventually turned to cannibalism in order to stay alive. All the while  Belasco quietly watched and encouraged the use of drugs, alcohol, even  bringing in young artists from around the world to study and create there  until they corrupted by the vile happenings. Barret and company even  witness some of the more brutal happenings by way of visions. Truly a house  of the dammed. 	The house is literally a juggernaught of haunts-one  that destroys Tanner slowly through convincing her that Belasco had a son,  Daniel, who was swallowed whole by the house. Tanner believes that Daniel's  spirit is in a constant state of torment and can only find true rest if he  is given proper burial after she is led to his body which has been hung in  between the walls of the wine cellar. But everything they try fails, even  Barret's machine fails, much to his dismay. The power of the house seems  unlimited. Everything else you will have to find out for yourself. 	 The flavor of the book will be familiar to anyone who has played Call of  Cthulhu, because it has that same sort of feel. The characters are  interesting and believable, but Hell House perhaps takes itself too  seriously, lacking even dark or ironic humor to any extent. I would have  also preferred a larger team, say six or even eight people for the house to  play with rather than four. It would have given a more varied forms of  terror. It will also offend you if you have strong religious beliefs, but  other than that Hell House is a pretty good read.     