 You would think this hunk of barn yard droppings would have been enough to have had Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich chased out of Hollywood by quality directors and producers. But then, I just said the magic word, `Hollywood',  which means so long as the film's plot can be understood by studio  executives it is therefore suitable for consumption by the flat-line  encephalograph movie-going public. The fact that movies like Stargate get  made is proof positive that people really will watch anything. These are  also the same people who like to call movies like this `intelligent science  fiction'. Let me explain things to you: There hasn't been an intelligent  science fiction movie made since `RoboCop'. 	Stargate deals with the  unearthing of an large stone circle in Egypt during the 1930s, and it's  immediately shipped back the States where, after almost seventy years of  examination, the brain trust assembled to study can't tell us anything more  than it's a big stone ring. Along comes James Spader and his big brain and  figures it out in, like, five minutes. That is except for the last symbol,  which he finds on the back of a news paper that he snatches out of the hand  of a confused guard. The symbols correspond to stars, hence the first part  of the title. They quickly figure out how to open the Stargate and send a  military mission led by Kurt Russel. 	Okay, I worship Kurt Russel.  Sure he's short, but he's also been Snake Plisken and Jack Burton! Here he  plays his future roll from Soldier, only with more dialogue. I swear, give  Russel another six inches in height and he'd be a shoe in for Nick Fury. 	 Spader, Russel, and his nuke-equipped, tough-as-nails, dumb-as-fence-post  soldiers step out into, well, Egypt. Well, another planet that looks  exactly like Egypt, there's even pyramids. Only they find they are now  trapped because Spader can't figure out how to reopen the gate on this end.  I also want to know when writers will come to understand a simple fact (are  you paying attention Mr. Lucas?): large deserts preclude the existence of  large desert dwelling creatures. Large creatures need gallons of water and  tons of food each day to sustain themselves, and do not run wild where the  only thing to eat for miles is sand. Aside from large sand dwelling  creatures, we also find out that all those nuts who preach pyramid power  and ancient astronauts were right! The pyramids of Egypt were built by  aliens. Really DUMB aliens, but aliens nonetheless. 	Why would a  culture so technologically advanced that they can build galaxy-spanning  devices like Stargates, pyramid sized space craft, energy weapons and cool  morphing armor, why would such a culture keep slaves? Societies that can do  all that usually have funky equipment to build all of their things, but I  guess monuments mean more when 20,000 sweating slaves lug thousands of tons  of stone to build your pyramid. I guess Devlin and Emmerich would assume  that the audience wouldn't pay attention to things like that, or how 20 US  Marines can be killed by two Chip n' Dale dancers in Horus head gear. 	 Suffice it to say this movie stinks worse than a Celine Dion cover version  of Led Zepplin's `Whole Lot of Love'. It presents the characters with  unsolvable plot twists, only to have them resolved by unconvincing means  such as newspapers and graffiti on pyramid walls. The really weird part is,  the movie is now a TV show: Stargate SG-1, starring Richard Dean Anderson,  and it takes the basic premise then throws out everything else, improving  it immensely. The TV series IS intelligent science fiction, the movie  should be used to prop up your couch.     