 "I got readings! I got readings front and behind!" 	There is little doubt what my personal favorite movie of 1986 is, and if you're reading this it should be pretty obvious. James Cameron's Aliens was such a  departure from Ridley Scott's 1979 Alien in that it was a wholly different  film. In its essence Alien was a haunted house in space, whereas Aliens was  an action thriller, with both thriving on the one thing that scares us most  - fear of the unknown. Scott did this by providing us with the house, in  the case, the USCSS Nostromo, and the haunt- the Alien, the preceded to  scare the hell out of us with it. In Aliens Cameron ups the ante- this time  there are several aliens and the humans have guns. As the trailer said-  "This time it's war!" 	"We're on an express elevator to hell: Goin'  down!" 	Aliens takes up where Alien left off with Warrant Officer  Ellen Ripley (Sigourney Weaver) in hypersleep aboard the escape shuttle,  Narcisis, who has been adrift for fifty-seven years. Rescued by a  deep-space salvage team she is returned to Earth where she meets Carter  Burke (Paul Reiser), an executive with Wayland-Yutani, the company that  sent the Nostromo to investigate the derelict alien craft in the first all  those years ago. It's Burke's job to see that Ripley adjusts well to her  new environment before throwing her at the mercy of the board of executives  for her to explain why she blew up their expensive ship. Demanding an  explanation, Ripley learns that the planet the crew of the Nostromo found  the ship has been colonized and that the colonists found nothing. 	 "We've lost contact with the colonists on LV-426." 	Dispatched with  the US Colonial Marine Corps aboard the space battleship Sulaco, Ripley  finds herself thrust back into her original nightmare against the creatures  that slaughtered her crew. The colony has been wiped out and the colonists  missing, all the while the marines are finding more and more evidence that  backs up Ripley's original claim. And when the marines locate the  colonists, all of whom are dead having served as hosts for new aliens,  Ripley gains their respect when she singlehandedly rescues them. Weaver  received an Academy Award nomination for her role as Ripley, but as we all  know, science fiction movies never win non-technical awards. She gains the  attention of Corporal Dwayne Hicks (Michael Biehn), but being competent,  and the later the respect of the surviving marines. 	"Newt, wake up,  we're in trouble!" 	Cameron expertly builds tension through out the  film as the humans realize they are fighting a losing battle against their  alien antagonizers. It becomes much more than a monster movie where the  creatures pick off members of the cast one at a time until there are only a  few left since most of the marines are killed in the debacle in the  atmosphere processor. Instead, Cameron relies on things that go bump in the  night, such as the sequence where Ripley wakes up after some much needed  sleep only to discover that the traitoress Burke has placed two face hugger  parasites in the room. As they scuttle about unseen, Ripley and Newt  (Carrie Heine) must find away to escape. Cameron also makes good use of  lighting in the film wherein he changes the look of his sets simply by  changing his light sources. 	"Let's rock!" 	Most importantly  the pace of the film is unrelenting, and I personally feel this is his best  work.(Yeah, yeah, `Titanic'? Who cares.) I remember how I felt after I saw  the film on opening night during a warm June evening in 1986, I was so  pumped with adrenaline that I could hardly keep still. I welcomed the  nightmares, because I knew James Cameron was directing them. What is  striking about this film is its technical brilliance which lends itself to  every aspect of the movie- sets, special effects, characters, and  atmosphere. Made at a time when films were beginning to creep into the  stratospheric budget range, Cameron pulled Aliens together for $18 million,  but considering how good the film looks, it comes across as being much more  expensive than it really was. I also wish he would return to this style of  film making, because the Aliens/Terminator stuff is what he's best at. 	 "I say we dust off and nuke the site from orbit- it's the only way to be  sure."     