 Of Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich's three feature films, (Stargate,  Godzilla, & Independence Day), I hated Independence Day the least. Sure  it's a colossally stupid film, but it's entertaining in much the same way  as console video games are entertaining. Turn your brain off for this one,  because you won't be using it. 	First, I am a self-professed fan of  Jeff Goldblum and have been since 1984's `Into the Night'. As always,  Goldblum seems to be in an entirely different movie than the one you  watching, and you wish you watching the other film instead. Second, I like  Will Smith, but I guess that's due to the fact that I think I have seen  every episode of Fresh Prince ever aired. I really like Smith's stripper  girl friend, played by Vivica Fox and mourn the fact that the film only had  a PG-13 rating. So, on to the plot (the author takes five minutes to  recover from his laughing fit). 	Aliens show up to Earth and dispatch  dozens of city-sized saucers down to the planet and they hover menacingly  over the major cities of the world. It is very nice to note, however, that  they completely ignore Canada, and when they finally turn Washington DC,  New York, LA, Moscow, etc. into craters, guess who's in charge, boys!  You'll be eating beaver tails and drinking Canadian beer before you can say  `Tom Green'! Anyway, Goldblum discovers that the aliens are using a binary  signal to transmit around the globe to synchronize their attack. He decides  he has to get his dad, (Judd Hirsch), and drive to DC and save his wife  and, oh, maybe warn the President (Bill Pullman), so he can tell the rest  of the US to panic. 	We then meet Marine Captain Stephen Hiller (Will  Smith) and his girlfriend, Jasmine (Vivica Fox) who live in LA and who also  have an alien ship hovering above their city. This would be a bad idea  under any circumstance given the total whack jobs that live in that town.  Hiller gets called back to his base and asks Jasmine to join him there  later, ensuring that she will not be turned into a charcoal brickette when  the evil aliens attack. Well, the aliens do attack, embarking on a urban  renewal campaign by leveling New York, LA, and Washington. It is at this  point that they should have rolled the credits, because races that can do  that sort of thing do not, repeat, DO NOT get defeated by primitive screw  heads like us. 	Nor do they get defeated by Mackintosh Power Books,  even if it is used by Jeff Goldblum. This movie makes leaps in logic that  would confound Oppenheimer. Cable TV station managers can write computer  viruses that cause the alien ships to drop their shields thereby rendering  them susceptible to missile attacks, US Marine Core pilots can fly alien  spacecraft, and very quickly this film becomes fantasy. However, all of  that aside, it is one heck of a good romp and has its fair share of laughs.  Sure the story is plot holes big enough to drive a very large starship  through, but I expect that sort of thing from Emmerich and Devlin. It does  entertain, has great special effects and a terrific musical score by David  Arnold, so I can forgive a story that could have been written by any five  year old.     