 Most people who are fans of Japanese master story teller and animator, Hayao Miyazaki, are already familiar with Kiki's Delivery Service and his other wonderful films like Nausicaa, Laputa, Cagliostro's Castle, and his  latest, Princess Mononoke. I was understandably nervous when I heart that  Disney had optioned all of his animated films for distribution here in  North America. A part of me was even sure Disney was doing so just to keep  them out of circulation here, thereby eliminating competition for their own  animated films. I was also worried that they would a rotten job of  translating it into English by hiring second-rate actors as so many other  companies do. Case in point, Streamline's dubbing of the Nadia Secret of  Blue Water was so bad, I couldn't even watch the entire half-hour episode,  because not only did the voice acting stink, but they had changed major  portions of dialog. 	When I was given the chance to watch Kiki's  Delivery Service at a friends place, the fear of watching one of my  personal favorite anime movies ruined took over. But, I wasn't  disappointed, Disney had done an excellent job in their selection of actors  for the voices, including Kiki. That is, except, Phil Hartman who performs  the voice for Kiki's familiar cat, Jiji. In the original, Jiji is a male  cat with the voice of a young, often nervous girl and the voice is high  pitched for a reason. Phil Hartman? Can he do that? No, what he does is a  sort of snide, lippy New Jersey style voice, and BOOM! The character is  ruined. However, once I was past all of that I sat down to enjoy one of the  most endearing and charming films ever made. 	Set in the 1940's, Kiki  is a young witch, who at the age of thirteen, is now old enough to strike  out on her own and lay down roots in a new city. She says good-bye to her  mom and dad, grabs her broom, Jiji and a radio and takes off into the  night. There are some beautiful flying sequences over Italian villages and  vistas, (which would later inspire an episode of the animated Superman  cartoon show), but like many Miyazaki films, this isn't quite our earth.  Kiki arrives in a beautiful sea-side city where she sets herself delivery  goods for a local bakery where she befriends Ohsono and Barsa, who take her  in and practically adopt the little witch (Witches are often good people in  Kiki's). She also meets a boy her own age named Tombo, who is as smitten  with her as he is with the fact that she can fly on her own. However,  Kiki's inexperience with people, especially the opposite sex causes her  behave in ways she isn't used to-suffice it to say she doesn't treat Tombo  very well. 	Two things that will strike anyone watching this film;  first, there is no villain who has a massive plot to do something nefarious  and second, there is no violence-no guns, no people getting killed, and  instead the film relies on a zeppelin accident as the focus of the story  and the trigger for Kiki's return. One of the film's overriding themes is  being true to oneself, which Kiki fails to do as she rebuffs Tombo's boyish  advances, and as a result she loses her magical powers after she comes down  with a cold. And when Tombo goes to see the zeppelin and becomes ensnared  in a tether when it breaks free of its moorings, Kiki must overcome her  fears-both of others and of the feelings she has for him to get her magic  back. 	Like all Miyazaki films there is much within the movie that I  haven't mentioned, because I don't want to spoil all of the fun. It is the  sort of film that everyone can watch, can marvel at and enjoy. The  interplay between Kiki and Jiji is endearing, the other characters, such as  Ursula and Ohsono the artist, are charming and memorable. The world in  which they live is rich-lavishly depicted in stunning detail as only  Miyazaki can while the music has a melodic and playful feel to it. Kiki  herself is every bit a strong female character who grows and changes and I  found her similar to Nadia (Secret of Blue Water). If you have no time to  read the subtitles, then get the dubbed version-this is an ideal children's  film, visually stunning and sure to please.     