 I must admit that I was justifiably skeptical that the `Secrets of Tatooine' source book would be any better than the previous two offerings from Wizards of the Coast. The first, `Secrets of Naboo' was well-written, but held no real secrets, nor enough detail to make it of any real use. `Living Force' was a limp, flaccid retread of a great many things we had seen before-pod races, cloud city gas mines, Force-resistant creatures and even a Sith Temple had all been done elsewhere and better, but instead of giving us something new, the RPGA saw fit to simply cram it all into one star system. That being said, the `Secrets of Tatooine' has broken the mold of mediocrity and as it turns out, is a pretty good deal for your Star Wars role playing gaming dollar. After a brief introduction, Secrets moves into the basics with a description of the planetary data and make-up of the Tatooine System, but provides no system map. It then describes climate (really hot), geography-like the Jundland Wastes, Beggar's Canyon and the Dune Seas, explaining that complete cartography of the planet is difficult because of the sand storms. The survival section gives handy rules for heat prostration, thirst, and sand storms-the most dangerous of which, gravel storms, are a nightmare for aerial transport. Next up are native inhabitants-the sand people (Tusken Raiders, named for the first human settlement they destroyed), and the Jawas-which the author seems to patronize somewhat, describing them not really smart enough to do anything, but somehow makes things work. Finally are the creatures-the bantha, ronto, eopie, rock wart, scurrier wamp rat and krayt dragon-a creature with a combined Vitality and Wound Point total of 470 and attacks that can cut land speeders in half. A little too powerful for anytone but the toughest PCs, (or those with good ranged attacks). The biggest section and by the far the most important are the cities, unfortunately, the book only provides character stats for movie characters, and very little of mayors and other townspeople other than those created by Lucas. Bib Fortuna, Watto and Shmi Skywalker are here, as are most of the aliens from the cantina, but no regular folk, too bad because they add color, even more than those individuals we already know about. The maps of Mos Espa, Mos Eisley, etc. are horrible and continues a trend that has plagued the Star Wars RPG supplements from day one. Detailed, well labeled maps are not hard to do, but completely absent from the Star Wars supplements. Another good section is the complete pod racing rules, including stats for all of the racers in the Boonta Eve Classic from the Phantom Menace. It also lets players design their own pods and gives a complete list of die-determined hazards, and finally a map of the Boonta Eve Circuit. Finally, the non-Episode I based adventure was a treat, and it was a nice change of pace since I feel that Wizards of the Coast is paying way too much attention to Episode I and not enough emphasis on other eras of play. Given the shear breadth of material available from the Tails of the Jedi, Rebellion, New Republic and New Jedi Order, the supplements should be spilling out of Wizards. In the end, however, `Secrets of Tatooine' again doesn't have a lot of secrets to offer, but instead gives the Star Wars game master a good source book for the birth place of Luke Skywalker. May the Force be with you.     