 I have played Descent since it first appeared; and in a time when everyone else was content to produce first-person view games where your opponents were little more than second-rate scaled bitmaps, Descent gave the player  an opportunity to combat real three dimensional foes in all three  dimensions. Plus the foes-insane robots driven mad by an alien virus, moved  like nothing else, and seemed intelligent. There was nothing else like it  on the market, yet somehow it missed the vein, and people flocked to games  like Doom & Doom II. When Descent II appeared in 1996, I thought for  sure that the game would take off, but it didn't happen. However, it wasn't  about to stop me from enjoying a terrific game. Now we have arrived to this  place and once again Interplay has unleashed a new Descent, and one that  takes full advantage of 3D cards and more powerful computers.  	 Descent III also features a new game engine, known as Fusion, that enables  the player to move from the familiar mines of the Post Terran Mining  Corporation out to the planet's surface and surrounding environments. I  guess this is hard to do in this sort of game. Additionally, they have  improved the AI, and it really shows in the way the robots behave, and  there is a significant increase danger to your ship in combat. The robots  are all new and feature more polygons and detailed texture mapping than  every before. Additionally, 3D acceleration is probably the best I have  ever seen in any game. Descent 3 uses more dynamic light effects than any  game I have ever seen. In fact, it is so graphically intensive, it is one  of the reasons why I upgraded my 200 mhz to an Athlon 700. The demo ran  fine on my old system, but when I bought the full version, even when I  turned off all of the special effects, it barely ran. I would recommend at  least PII 300, as does Interplay. 	D3 provides much of the same kind  of game play as its other incarnations, it's just better. I have friends  who cannot play the game because they get disoriented too easily when  working in the three dimensions of the mines. However, if you're like me,  you get a certain thrill from the constant direction changes as you blast  away at nasty robots with impunity. D3 offers a new spread of weapons  including Frag Missiles that burst apart in a shower of mini-projectiles;  Impact Mortar, which create very large localized explosions and heaps of  damage; the Vauss cannon, which is an updated variant of my favorite Gauss  cannon. Gone are the Earth Shaker missiles, replaced now with the Black  Shark, a singularity weapon which turns hunting `bots into a skeet shoot.  Basically, there are enough weapons to make your average NRA lobbyist drool  with envy. 	Of course, none of this means a tinker's cuss if it's no  fun to play, right? Well, get ready `cause you're going down...again! 	 The pace of the game is much faster than the original, thanks mostly due to  the quicker response and aggressiveness of the robots. It is here you will  see the improved AI in action, because the robots WILL come after you, will  work in teams, they do not cluster together to make mass-kills easier, and  at higher skill settings, they most certainly WILL take you apart. The rush  is incredible when you're fighting like mad in the early levels just to  stay alive! The napalm-equipped bots are ferocious and stick to you like  their weapons do. The robot generator areas-the one's that replicate new  attack bots, keeps churning them out as fast as you can shoot them down.  The game can be relentless at times, which is what a player wants. 	 Now, as for the story, you play the Material Defender, PTMC's itinerant  mercenary from the previous two games and who went MIA at the end of D2  thanks to a defective jump drive. After you are rescued by a rebel faction  on Mars who wants to expose PTMC and their evil CEO Dravis, as being  responsible for the alien virus spreading to PTMC's robots and facilities.  It becomes all-out battle against PTMC who, like all rich corporations,  have their own squadrons of Pyro GX fighters, and start coming after you!  See, and you thought big companies just didn't care about the little people  anymore. 	The only place where D3 suffers is the in-game music. It's  boring, lifeless and worse, it sounds like the music we listened to in  computer games a decade ago. That is also not to say D2's Skinny Puppy or  Type O Negative was any better, I guess because it was an industrial  setting (a mine) they assumed that we'd want to hear industrial music.  Wrong! (And I like industrial). I found myself turning the music off and  reaching for a Star Wars soundtrack to plop in my CD player to accompany  the game. Beyond that I have little to complain about. This is a top notch  game as far as game play, visuals and sound effects are concerned. It's got  a break neck pace at times, while at others it's slow-paced which can get  really creepy until the first robot jumps you and you wet your undies in  shock. 	The Descent series have always been my favorite first person  shooter (along with Jedi Knight), and D3 does not disappoint in any way.  The visuals and FMV cut scenes are stunning and the sound is excellent. I  highly recommend for anyone so equipped with Environment Audio on their  sound card to use the full four speaker set up, because D3 was produced and  recorded in Dolby Surround, and it just adds so much to the experience.  You'll also need a death machine of a system to run it.     