 To be granted such an intimate and horrific look at one of the most pivotal moments in the history of this world, the D-Day invasion of the beaches at Normandy, provides us with a stark and brutal look at one of the  last campaigns of World War II. It deconstructs the myths associated with  how we look at WWII, that there is no glory in killing or being killed, but  instead a horrible failure of ourselves as human beings. At the same time,  however, there was a need, a dire need to remove Hitler and fascist tyranny  that he and the Nazis threatened to spread across Europe and possibly the  world. It was a battle of ideologies and it was a conflict of good vs.  evil. 	Saving Private Ryan is fictional, up to an after the events of  June 6th, 1944, but at the same time, the fact it isn't an adaptation or  the retelling of an actual event is irrelevant. From the beginning of an  elderly James Ryan on his knees before the crosses and Stars and David at  Normandy, we see the war as if it were real and in color. Speilberg's use  of lens used by photographers at the time gives the film a decidedly  gritty, almost primitive look that only enhances the assault to the senses.  The violence, however accurate, takes on surreal form all its own. The  explosions that removes limbs or destroys the body completely only  accentuates the fact that the human body was not meant for conflict of this  scale. This isn't some 1950's or 60's John Wayne war movie where the hero  takes a bullet and can keep going, more likely the hero gets shot goes into  shock and probably dies. The horror of war is as real as the film makers  could have made it. You feel for the characters and when they die, you  share the loss. 	The story is simple and unbelievable, but like so  many things in World War II, stranger things have happened. Captain John  Miller (Tom Hanks) of the 2nd Rangers is asked to go deep into France in  order to recover Private James Ryan (Matt Damon), the last of four brothers  in the war and the last one still alive. Ryan, a part of the 101st Airborne  Regiment and just one of thousands of misdrops and got lost all over  France. Miller leads a small party of eight men-who would really rather not  be doing this. It causes them to question their orders and Captain Miller  who must maintain the order amidst the chaos of the war around. And this is  what is depicted all through out the film- confusion and the fog of war;  where no matter how good your plans are or how well trained your people  are, once the fighting start, those plans go straight to hell. 	I  think Saving Private Ryan might be the most important film of the 20th  Century-it has no equals, even in Darryl Zanuck's 1962 D-Day epic The  Longest Day. It strips away the Hollywood glory of war and the perceived  notions many of us have. It is a companion piece to Spielberg's Holocaust  epic, Shindler's List. A teacher friend of mine-at the high school level  actually has students who haven't even heard of World War II. School  teachers in the US, Canada and Britain need to show this to their students  on a yearly basis so that they can at least have some idea of what  happened. We need to remember this, the Holocaust, and everything  associated with World War II for a very long time.     