 Before I get into my review I want to make one thing clear: Suikoden IV or any game like it (Neverwinter Nights, Final Fantasy, Knights of the Old Republic, etc.) are not role playing games. The way I see it they are adventure games with limited character interactions. To me a role playing game involves sitting around a table with friends, dice and rule books while game master weaves his tale of adventure. A video game cannot hope to capture the detail, the immediacy, and possibilities that can and do occur in a well constructed, well balanced, rip-roaring epic spread across medieval fantasy nations or star-spanning empires. With that in mind, I still enjoy many games like the ones I listed, I just detach myself from any notion of actually playing a role and accepting that I will be following a carefully scripted series of events.  On that note I have to say that Suikoden IV is at best a mediocre outing from the video adventure game outing. The graphics are substandard, even for the aging Playstation 2 hardware; the music is entertaining with its cheesy synthesizer sound track, and the story and characters are weak. Suikoden IV divorces the player so much from even most other so-called role playing games- you have NO control over any of your character's stats, abilities, or weapons and only limited input on magic items or equipment, thanks to a limited number of equipment slots for items. Most damming, however, is the almost criminal lack of input when it comes to making decisions in conversations, asking questions, etc. The main character often simply stands and stares, complacent and bovine, yet always looking doleful.  You play the role of a Knight of Gaien on the eve of graduation and the adventure takes place in an archipelago, complete with ships and merry pirate crews. Arrr. Bad things happen to the Hero when it runs up against the pirate Brandeau and acquires the Rune of Punishment and is later accused of murder and forced into exile with a few of his close friends. You spend an utterly inordinate amount of time traveling between tiny islands on a relatively small map, which isn't so bad except you can barely travel a boat length before having an encounter with monsters. The first few times is interesting as you learn the best combos of magic items and runes, but when it turns into literally hundreds of encounters the battles get tedious very quickly. And combat is little more than selecting what you want your party to do then watch it happen then repeat as often as needed to kill the bad guys. At least travel time is cut done once you meet Viki, a wizard who teleports you where you want to go.  The only other bright spot in the game are the naval battles, but even they get dull fast because again your control and options are very minimal. You select which characters man the magical rune cannons then give your commands and watch it happen. There is very little pretense of strategy save for knowing which elemental rune beats the runes possessed by the other side. Also, the game provides you with no diaries, logs or screens that list completed, in progress or pending quests. Graphically, the game resembles first generation PS2 or any PC game circa 1996- textures are dull, low rez, and bland. Objects are low detail and clunky looking- you can't pick up or interact with the environment in any way. Map areas are small and load screens are often longer than it takes to move from one area to the next. You can't climb or jump and low curbs like sidewalks stop your guy cold. On the other hand the static character art (from menu screens, etc.) is first rate, which typical for the Suikoden series.  All in all, given the technology and capabilities provided by the current generation consoles, this is a very substandard outing. Even Xenosaga had more interesting characters and story lines. Suikoden IV seems like it continues through inertia rather than generating a real interest from the story and its people. It's a dull, lifeless spectacle. It doesn't reward cleverness or good ideas, though there is little reason to since you're basically on rails through out the whole adventure. And like a six hour lecture on the differences between pre and post Columbian pottery, you start wondering when it's going to end.     