 The New Jedi Order has had, like it or hate it, a staggering effect on Star Wars and the Expanded Universe as a whole. Much loved characters have died while the galaxy far, far away has been turned upside down by the extra-galactic invaders known as the Yuuzhan Vong. Much as the Star Wars novel line has been passed from Bantam to Del Rey, so has the role playing game transferred from the now-deceased West End Games to Wizards of the Coast, (No surprise, really. Hasbro Toys owns Wizards and Lucas owns a big chunk of Hasbro). I never liked WEG's D6 take on Star Wars- I always found the 'Bucket-O-Dice' game system pretty unheroic and inflexible. On the other hand, I much prefer D20- it works quite well in the Star Wars milieu largely because it was developed for Dungeons & Dragons, which is super heroic adventuring and that suits Star Wars to a T. 	However, regardless of what I thought of the WEG game mechanics, their source material was always first rate (kinda like Shadowrun- lousy game system, great source books), especially the source books released for the various novels and comics, such as the Thrawn Trilogy, Dark Empire, or the Tales of the Jedi Companion. Conversely, Wizards of the Coast seems to have a different philosophy regarding their Star Wars source books. On the one hand, Truce at Bakura was a single book that got its own hard cover from WEG, meanwhile Wizard's gives us one hard cover that encompasses nine books of the New Jedi Order. While it may not have been feasible to do nine books, it does seem a lot of information to distill down into one 160 page book. Plus the West End Games material the had the benefit of being written, in many cases, by authors who wrote the initial novels, often adding more detail and background. A huge bonus considering that many of these books were also bought by people who didn't play the game at all. 	Basically, the New Jedi Order Source Book breaks down the nine books, (Vector Prime, Onslaught, Ruin, Hero's Trial, Jedi Eclipse, Balance Point, Conquest, Rebirth and Star by Star) in chapters that includes new characters, planets, vehicles and equipment. The first part of the book details the Yuuzhan Vong, their religion, and the vast majority of their personal gear. Each chapter also includes a small star map to show the current progress of the Vong's invasion route. Also included are some adventure hooks to get a player group into the action. Plus a few minor (and very poor quality) maps- something I have already had a talk with Dan Wallace about. The book does give an excellent overview of the series, but lacks any real meat and could have benefitted from input from the authors to flesh out places, events, and characters. 	I also want to spend some time talking about the art that appears through out the book. It goes beyond just being bad or even terrible- it's putrid. It certainly doesn't feel like it belongs in a Star Wars book- of any kind. It seems better suited to a Vampire: the Masquerade or just about anything else by White Wolf. The only good images are by RK Post (Essential Guide to Alien Species), and even his picture of the voxyn Jedi Hunter is messed up, because when he first drew it, he thought it only had four legs instead of six so he had to go back and touch up the image. For the most part, though, the graphics and picture are on the lousy-side of awful. 	On the whole, though, I like the source book- the stats for the Yuuzhan Vong are great and I suppose if I had worked at it I could have done it all myself, but with this it means I don't have to. It appears though that Wizards will continue the trend of publishing one book that covers large amounts of information like the Rebellion Era source book, Coruscant and the Core Worlds- Coruscant deserves it's own book, not 16 or so pages in a book with other worlds. I'll be interested to see if WotC will release a second NJO book that covers the last half of the series or simply double the size of the existing book and simply add new information.     