 Sure most Disney adaptations bear as much resemblance to the original as the Taj Mahal does to a Kentucky cinder block trailer home, but that doesn't stop them from being fun. Tarzan is one such adaptation that has to  be sanitized in order to marketed to seven year olds. The movie scores big  by being attractive-Disney's production values are always evident in art,  animation and choice of voice actors for the characters (Lance Henrickson  as Kerchak, Minnie Driver as Jane Porter, Brian Blessed as Clayton). If  they had produced it to follow Burrough's novel, I have a feeling that  Tarzan snapping the necks of natives wouldn't not have gone over well with  the parents or the seven year olds who went to see it. 	The most  enjoyable part of the film is Jane, who steals the show away from Tarzan,  and you know she is going to fun when she first appears. She has a nice  perky/adorable/befuddled quality that Rachel Weisz's character, Evelyn  Carnahan had in the Mummy. The film follows Tarzan from his ship wreck  arrival in Africa, his parent's death at the claws of the leopard Sabour,  to his adoption by the apes. And like most Disney films, it explores the  concept of belonging within a group that mostly treats Tarzan as a pariah  or outsider. Tarzan is torn between his growing affection for Jane and his  loyalty to Kerchak (his surrogate father whom he is always trying to prove  himself to).  	Brian Blessed's great white hunter, Clayton, falls  short of being a really serious villain only interested in capturing the  apes for the money they will bring. His betrayal of Tarzan and Jane fails  to impart any real sense urgency, given the ease with which they are  defeated. Beyond that the film succeeds by being fun. The visuals are  stunning, and while some viewers griped about Tarzan's skateboarding  through the jungle, it is on screen for all of 45 seconds. The CGI jungle  sequences are excellent and mesh beautifully with the cel animation. An  enjoyable little film-good for kids and adults.     