 Do we really need a role playing game where the players get to portray poetry spouting eurotrash losers that all dropped out of an Anne Rice novel? I can be jerk enough in real life without having to role play one in  a game, thanks! Do we really need a game that has inspired such  dysfunctions as LARPing? Hell no! For those ignorant of this freak show,  Larping, to the Masquerade crowd, stands for Live Action Role Playing...or  as I see it, Losers And Rejects Performing. If you spot a bunch of  20-somethings in period clothes and lots of black wandering around the  streets at 3 AM, they aren't coming from a costume party, they're Larping  and no doubt on a special mission for their master vampire. 	As for  those who insist that Vampire focuses on characterization and story, just  what the heck have the rest of us been doing playing all of these other  games, picking our noses? Apparently so. This is such pretentious garbage,  it's like the only real role players out there are Vampire players. Believe  me, I haven't spent almost 20 years role playing and not figured out how to  create good stories and complex characters. So don't let these black  eye-liner wearing, LeStat worshiping pseudo-goths intimidate you. 	 Vampire: The Masquerade lets you play a vampire, and you get to caper  around with all your vampire buddies, and make sure that humanity has no  idea you're there. This doesn't seem feasible as there are dozens of  vampire clans, all with their own special vampire abilities. Some aren't  affected by running water or crosses or garlic, but they are all so  woefully melodramatic that it makes 30's film noir piece look like a trip  through Disney Land. It is also a good way for youths to get together and  play more angst ridden and disturbed individuals than they actually are.  Vampire: The Masquerade players also turn their noses up at every other  role playing game out there, as if their's is somehow superior. For my  money (and potentially yours), it isn't. Stay away from this at all costs  and if you must play gothic horror, then go watch The Crow and play Call of  Cthulhu.     