 After a rather bad experience with a Canon BJC-5100C inkjet printer, I swore I'd never own another Canon product again. The story you are about read is true: We now have four scanners in our house. An Acer that I bought 3 years ago- great machine, but when my parents shipped it to me from Ottawa, they neglected to send the power supply, so it's basically a paper weight. I inherited an HP Scanjet 4C, an older but no less superb machine. Except for the fact I don't have a SCSI cable or card, I'm sure it works just fine. Next up is a newer HP 3300C that my wife got with her junky HP Pavilion that she bought against my better judgement before we were married. Okay, that's three, and we lost the power supply to the 3300C. With me so far? That's three useless scanners. So we decided to buy a fourth, the CanoScan LiDE 20, which doesn't even need a power supply because it gets its juice from the USB connection. Less than four hours after I had set up the Canon, I was rooting around in the closet in our office when, lo and behold, I found the adapter for the 3300C. I must be paying off karma at a greatly accelerated rate. The argument that ensued was basically who would get which scanner. The Canon was hooked up to my PC and the HP to hers. It still hasn't been resolved. But what of the LiDE 20 scanner? Well, a good chum of mine has the first model released about 3 years ago and it was a pretty nifty toy. This is basically the same model with a new bells and whistles, like front panel mounted control buttons for Scanning, Copying, and attaching scanned images to e-mail. You get a ton of software with it, plus all the usual stuff that you need to make a scanner work, like twain drivers, an scaled down version of OmniPage, which is one of the better OCR or Optical Character Recognition programs that I have used, and a free copy of ArcSoft's Photo Studio, which is like Jasc's excellent Paint Shop Pro. The Canon scan interface is pretty idiot proof, and everything worked perfectly after a lengthy install process. (One that lets you choose which programs you want installed rather than simply slapping everything on your hard drive whether you wanted it there or not.) Set-up and operation was painless. Does it do good scans? Hey, for what it costs, it does GREAT scans. Plus there are a mess of tools to cut, crop, slice, chop and generally alter scanned images to your hearts content. Tons of image filters, drawing tools and any half-decent paint program incorporates twain imports, so you can acquire images fright from PhotoShop, Paint Shop Pro, etc. I haven't learned how to make do everything, but then again, I've only had it a few hours. It's also perfect for laptop users, since it doesn't require a power outlet and if you're like me, this can only be a good thing. I figure we'll loose the USB cable shortly, just because that's how the universe works. Footnote: We now have 5 scanners- my wife bought herself a Canon LiDE 30 scanner and the argument was solved. I won.     