 Given there are so few good fantasy movies out there, it might be necessary to go back time twenty-one years to find one that is half way decent. The Dark Crystal will always remain one of my favorite films, even in light of more modern fantasy films. I get more out of it than Dragonheart or the D&D movie. I got more out of a migraine than I did out of the D&D movie. I think the reason that there are so few fantasy films made, regardless of quality, is because film makers in Hollywood haven't a clue how to handle them, as for the most part they are made by people who have little or no experience in the genre. It certainly can't be the expense given the plethora of science fiction movies that have been released in the same amount of time. Or maybe it's because SF is more easily accessible by the public than fantasy. Time will tell seeing as we are so near the release of Peter Jackson's first installment of the Lord of the Rings. If it tanks, then I suspect the genre will be dead as far as movies are concerned. The Dark Crystal is the brain child of Muppeteers Jim Henson and Frank Oz, both of whom share Director credits on the film. Henson is known for Kermit the Frog and the Muppet Show, while Oz, a veteran of the Muppet Show is probably best known for the voice of Yoda from the Star Wars movies. The film is done entirely with puppets, without a live actor to be seen anywhere- somewhat ambitious for the time, and I think that might have been the Dark Crystal's problem: without any real actors seen by the audience, they may have had a hard time relating to the characters they saw. But even if that was the case for the film's box office failure, one cannot help but to be enchanted and enthralled by the film's overall dream-like qualities. Everything has a definite other-world feel, truly alien, and this is where it succeeds. The world of the Dark Crystal has spent a thousand years in darkness when a race of near god-like beings, the Ur'Skeks, conducted an experiment with a great crystal artifact. The experiment failed and as a result the Ur'Skeks were split into two faces: the vile, diseased Skeksis and the gentle, wise Uru. Through the ages they have all but died off, until there are only ten on each side. With each Skeksis linked to its counterpart Uru-what affects one affects the other. There is also a prophecy that says a gelfling (i.e. an elf) will heal the crystal and restore the world to its proper order. The gelfling in this case is Jen, one of the last of his race and raised by the Uru for a time when he would be needed to fulfill the prophecy. When single shines the triple sun What was sundered and undone Shall be whole again The Two made One By Gelfling hand Or else by none Now, I like prophecies about as much as I like Republicans-both override any concept or notion of free will, but it can be accepted in this case. Jen must find Augra-a Yoda-like old woman who several fake shard pieces as well as the real one, and leaving it to Jen to determine which is the right one. After obtaining the crystal shard he meets Kira, a female gelfling, who was raised by a gnome-like race known as pod people. It falls to Jen and Kira to travel to the castle of the Dark Crystal before the Great Conjunction occurs so that he may plunge the dagger like shard into the crystal. As he travels the Uru begin an arduous trek to the castle themselves for a final confrontation with their other halves. The look of the film is awesome-perhaps one of the imaginative films ever lensed. Production design fell to fantasy illustrator Brian Froud whose surreal and ethereal artwork has influenced every aspect of the film-from the Uru to the Skeksis, the architecture and the animals-none of them look like anything we have on our world, and blended seamlessly into a gorgeous sensory experience that has captivated me for nearly twenty years. Froud published a book-The World of the Dark Crystal, and it features much of his art and narrated by Augra as though she had written the text. It's out of print by now, but if you have an interest in the film, I highly recommend it as a companion peace to the film. There is little I don't like about the film, except for perhaps the pacing, which is a little slow and seems a little disjointed at times. Though that may be the fault of poor editing. The music is wonderful-epic and powerful with eerie underpinnings that accentuates the film perfectly. Trevor Jones should be applauded for his work on the score. This film is magical in most every way- it is true fantasy, and as much as I love Xena, doesn't have a single sword wielding woman in a chain mail bikini. Indulge yourself, good fantasy is so hard to find these days.     