 Wow, where to start? As much as I tried to like Jedi Outcast, the game left a bad taste in my mouth- it looked like Star Wars, sounded like Star Wars, but it didn't play like Star Wars. The game had so many annoying little problems that it all but sucked the life from it. Not to mention a pretty dull story that lacked any sort of dramatics or imagination-grabbing aspects that the first game had in such abundance. Fast forward a little over a year to Jedi Academy- and a surprising treat. I must admit to not being very enthusiastic about it, I quite honestly am used to being disappointed by such things, and was in fact looking to purchase Homeworld 2 and stumbled across Academy and bought it in lieu of Relic's much anticipated sequel- not to mention the fact that I couldn't find it. I knew a little about the game, especially the fact that you were no longer going to be playing as Kyle Katarn- Dark Forces perennial hero, but instead a student of his. You start the game by designing your character- male or female, and a choice of races- human, Kel Dor, Twi'lek, Zabrak (the spikey headed guys like Darth Maul) or Rodian, saber type and color. Cool. I went for a sleek and sexy blue skinned Twi'lek woman to play as Jaden Kor, Kyle's prodigy who stunned the Jedi and Luke Skywalker by making her own lightsaber before even beginning her training. After that's complete, the game begins with your shuttle crashing near the Jedi Academy on Yavin IV and you along with your pal Rosh must make their way to the Massassi temple, avoiding local wildlife and then some stormtroopers. As it turns out, you oversee some bad guys siphoning something out of the temple. (For those who don't know, Luke Skywalker and Co. Defeated the Sith spirit of Ulic Qel-Droma, who had been imprisoned there 4,000 years before, during the golden age of the Sith.) Jaden is an expert pupil and receives training from both Luke and Kyle, guaranteeing she'll be a major bad ass by the time things start to get rolling. Raven really made me proud by taking us to a lot of new places instead of simply carting us off to the same old haunts seen in the movies, with the exception of Hoth, which has never been visited in the JK series. Much of the game involves tracking down a group that has been revealed as the Cult of Ragnos, (again, a major bad guy and one of the first Sith Lords, circa about 5,000 years ago.) And they appear to traveling around the galaxy and using a scepter that appears to have the ability to draw off ans store Dark Side energies. Okay, I knew at that point what their plan was, but players unfamiliar with the Expanded Universe may not click on it right away. There are a lot of missions, close to 25 and they take you on a galaxy wide tour of some very cool places, and there is lots to do. To their credit, Raven seems very adept at ripping every last ounce of life out of the aging Quake III Arena engine, but after this game, it's time to retire the old girl and move on to more versatile technology. It's almost five years old- quite a bit of staying power, but if they want to continue the franchise, they'd better upgrade. While textures were good and well detailed, the repeating patterns on walls and things like magma was very obvious, and it can't seem to push the polys on buildings or characters like many newer engines can. It does it's job, but just barely. Now, what they did improve is every aspect of game play that I hated in Jedi Outcast. Lightsaber moves are better, more effective, easier and more obvious when accomplished. Weapons no longer drill through your personal shields too fast, meaning you can hang in a fight longer than you could in Outcast. Everything is better- level design, story, character movement- they polished and revamped virtually every aspect of the game, making it more fun. Some levels were irritating, such as the never ending villains on swoop bikes, but for the most part I found myself really enjoying what I saw and did. This game improves on every weakness Outcast has- it's 10 fold improvement over the last game. Even the multi-player levels are better, though there aren't that many of them. I did find that dual and double lightsabers are unbalancing against a single blade- I played a few multi-player levels with two sabers and cleaned house a lot easier than I had expected. Plus, they incorporated a Force power system similar to the original Jedi Knight and reincorporated such powers in the single player experience like Protection, Seeing and Healing, all of which were strangely absent from the Outcast single player game. Plus, the game doesn't force you to use Dark Side powers if you don't want to- you have access to them, but you don't have to put points into them. You're a Jedi Knight, not some wormy Sith wannabe. I would have preferred not having them at all, but I guess there are people who think the Dark Side is 'kewl' and have to use the powers. With a new game engine like Unreal II/2K4, Quake IV or possibly even the new Half-Life 2 system, who knows what Raven will have in store for us next. All I do know is that it's time to retire the Arena engine. Additional (10/22/03) After reading the PC Gamer review, I must agree with their comment that this game's villains were very sub-par.     