 Pick up a deck of playing cards and count them. Put them down and know for a fact that this is how many people Andrei Chikatilo murdered between 1978 and 1990 before he was caught. It was a case that baffled Soviet police for  over a decade, almost never solved thanks to the constrictive Soviet system  that would never allow such knowledge of a `serial killer' to be known or  addressed. The bureaucrats forbid the publication of the murders to alert  the public, and one by one their children disappeared. `Citizen X' will  convince you that true evil can and does exist, often in the worst possible  places. 	In Russia, children are taught to respect and trust grownups  to the point where it becomes second nature to them, and it is this fact  that enabled Chikatilo to lure so many girls and boys, even young women,  with promises of alcohol, cigarettes and candy, away from prying eyes. In  the seclusion of the forests around the Rostov and Shakty Oblasts, he would  rape and mutilate them, often biting off portions in order to achieve  release. It became known later that he had been impotent for years, but the  grisly sight of his work allowed him to achieve some sort of sexual  satisfaction. Cullen's interview before his execution has enabled the  author to enlighten us to Chikatilo's activities during the murders. 	 `Citizen X' was a name penned by a psychologist who profiled Chikatilo,  something unheard of in the Soviet Union, and enabled investigators to  construct a pattern of events around the killer. It is a testament to the  dedication of the police who worked on the case, often to exclusion of all  else, including their health that Chikatilo was ever caught at all. Most  notably is the man who spearheaded the case since day one, Viktor Burakov,  and a more dedicated police officer has never existed. His determination,  and his ability as a careful and analytical thinker enabled him to  eventually piece together Chikatilo's patterns until his arrest. And while  he was tried for fifty-two murders, the actual count may go as high as a  hundred. 	Chikatilo himself was a diseased monster, incompetent at  life, for though he was trained as a school teacher, he had been fired for  sexually assaulting a young girl around 1976. He worked odd jobs until he  found steady work at a train plant in Rostov. Cullen's book assembles all  of it in stunning detail that draws the reader in until they are silently  urging Burakov onward to solving the case. It is fortunate then that  Chikatilo was caught and in late 1990 they put a bullet into his  misbegotten brain.     