 I have a problem with any film that sets up as its backdrop a universe where life is cheap and said universe is ruled by corporations. This is quite obvious in the Aliens environment where it is painfully clear that  people mean nothing in light of corporate profits. In Alien and Aliens the  Wayland Yutani corporation ignored risk to life and limb so that it could  recover the alien species for their bio-weapons division. With that in mind  take a look at Alien 3, which has prison worlds. If life is so cheap in  this universe, why would anyone bother with the expense of running a prison  planet where there is no profit to be made? 	Alien 3 is a pretty lame  film overall, and basically a shallow reconstruction of the first film by  placing the protagonists in a more helpless position, such as being on a  starship without weapons or trapped on a prison planet without weapons, and  faced with the lurking alien menace. It opens aboard the Space Battleshup  Sulaco where, somehow, another alien has managed to secret itself on board  and damages the hypersleep capsules so that they are ejected to crash land  on the prison world, killing Hicks, Newt and destroying the android Bishop  in the crash leaving Ripley as the only survivor yet again. Oh, bravo,  guys; kill some of the best characters introduced in the series thus far.  Oh, I forgot to mention that _somehow_ Ripley is impregnated and now  carries not just a regular old alien, but one that will eventually become a  queen. 	The film does present some interesting features about the  creatures' biology, such as they tend to mimic features of the creatures  they impregnate. In this case a German Shepherd plays host and so the  resultant alien has decidedly canine features. However, a lot of this has  already been postulated by Dark Horse comics which capitalized on the  franchise well before this movie came out, and Aliens director James  Cameron also commented on such things in subsequent interviews after the  release of Aliens in 1986. What was most galling to me, however, was the  fact that William Gibson had been slated to write the Alien 3 screenplay,  but was dropped by Fox after he had written the a first draft. Having since  read his draft, I can't understand why. I would have figured that Fox would  have been hot to give Gibson's script a chance giving his star was rising  in 1992. 	Lastly we come to David Fincher the director whose only  claim to fame thus far had been music videos. Fincher suffers from the same  problems that Michael Bay (D. Armageddon) suffers from in that he shoots  his movies like they were 3 minute rock music videos, meaning he has  liberal use of people walking in slow motion and montage sequences as  though he is trying to encapsulate scenes so that they can stand alone.  Whatever. The end result as it completely fails to build suspense to little  more than the shape lurking behind the curtain. But done with cool colored  lighting and slow music. 	In the theater I could only breathe a sigh  of relief when, at the end, the chest burster erupts from Ripley's chest  just as she falls into the pool of molten metal. Relieved because I had  assumed that Fox wouldn't continue the franchise and leaving it dead at #3.  I was wrong, of course, but at least `Resurrection' was an apology for  their previous blunder. Makes me glad I have a lot of the Dark Horse  comics, titles like `Tribes' and subsequent Ripley/Hicks/Newt team ups take  the series in a much better direction. This film stinks on ice.     