 I'd like to say I loved this movie, but I can't. It should have been great, but as with most things Star Trek of late, the writers just seem to drop the ball. First Contact should have been a terrific film, but for some  reason the powers that be at Paramount seem to think time travel makes for  good story telling, when it instead simply displays the writer's lack of  ability to tell a story. However, I must give credit where credit is due,  Jonathan Frakes is an excellent director and does a good job in pacing,  scene layout and delivery to make an otherwise forgettable film  watchable. 	First Contact deals with the arrival of the Borg, a  supremely denuded race of cyborgs bent on assimilating everything and  everyone in the galaxy, sort of like a large corporation. Unfortunately  from their treatment within the series (Next Generation and Voyager), they  are no longer the threat they once were. Not only is the Federation  technologically capable of withstanding the Borg, incidence within the  series have proven that there are numerous ways to defeat this supposedly  untakable species. However, that is not say that Starfleet has been sitting  on their laurels either. The introduction of the Intrepid, Defiant, and  finally the Sovereign class of starships proves that the Federation can now  stand up to the Borg, as all three ships were engineered specifically to  combat them. The Defiant is unabashedly called a `Borg Killer' while the  Sovereign (the Enterprise E), is a `Super Battleship'. 	So, as the  Enterprise is scouting out comets along the Neutral Zone, the Federation  takes it to the Borg when they arrive at earth. But they just don't seem to  have the fire power until the Sovereign-class Enterprise arrives or so one  would think. Picard, through his contact with the Borg knows where their  weak spot is and they concentrate their fire power in one location and blow  the cube to bits. It is at this point that I was given to wonder just why  the heck Picard has never mentioned this before and placed it in the logs  so that the entire fleet had access to this design flaw in Borg ship  design. Just as the cube explodes, a smaller ship launches out of it and  speeds towards Earth with the Enterprise in hot pursuit. 	Then, god  help me, the Borg sphere jumps back in time. Goes back in time to shoot  down the Phoenix, Zephrym Cochrane's warp ship that gets noticed by the  Vulcans who established relations with us Earth trash and ushers in a  golden age for all of mankind. But at the same time the Borg also infest  the Enterprise and begin to take it over...undetected...like a  sophisticated starship like the Enterprise doesn't have an alarm system or  sensors that detect unauthorized beaming into one's ship. They try to cover  this by stating that long range sensors are down, well, inside one's ship  is decidedly short range! While Picard and Data battle Borg on the ship,  Riker and LaForge battle a childish Cochrane in a series of cliche future  vs. the past exchange culminating in a pee joke. As the planet side crew of  the Enterprise fawn over Cochrane, he becomes increasingly irritated  because he isn't building the warp ship to usher in a new age, but instead  because he wants money and naked women, well at least he did it for the  right reasons. 	In 9 Star Trek movies there have been 2 that dealt  with time travel! For crying out loud, if it was that easy then everyone  and their dog would be doing it. Doesn't anyone out there understand that  time travel is not only over used, but weak story telling? Just because  James Cameron did it well twice is hardly an excuse shoddy writing. Anyway,  Picard is faced with the fact that he may have to blow up his brand new  ship, and it takes stirring speech from Lily to convince him not to. Except  that Picard's response is right on the money and the Borg should be wiped  out of existence. Meanwhile Data is having problems of his own having been  captured by, you guessed it, the Borg Queen. Anyone NOT see this coming?  She's an individual amongst the drones complete with freewill and user  friendly parts. She attempts to seducing Data by offering him real human  flesh so that he would be one step closer to humanity. Anyone getting tired  of Star Trek movies that are only about Captain Picard and Lt. Cmdr  Data? 	Face it, the Star Trek franchise is in the toilet. Everything  from movies to novels to the series still on TV, stink. It won't take  chances, it doesn't push the envelope like the old series did, and is  touchy-feeling and above all else, politically correct with its smarmy  holier-than-thou humanist views. It stopped being science fiction a long  time ago, because they no longer ask the question `What if...'. They don't  explore anymore, there aren't anymore strange new worlds, and sadly, all  they're doing now is timidly going where we have all been before. Star Trek  needs to get back to its roots, take some chances, expand our sensibilities  while it expands our consciousness. It hasn't done that for a long time and  I miss it.     