 Benjamin Barber's Jihad vs. McWorld stands as a decent starting point to much of the current anti-consumerist, pro-civic writing of the past several years.  As such its awkward prose, repetitive use of the same illustrative examples, and uneven treatment of aspects of the proposed dialectic may be forgiven by some. Barber stakes out an ambitious goal: to examine the contemporary world in terms of a dialectic between universalizing (American pop culture and consumerist) capitalism and particularism based in nationalism, fundamentalism or resistant non-conformity.  In this dialectic, the forces create, sustain and oppose one another, both in ways that can be seen as detrimental to the progress of democratization. Barber's analysis of the McWorld aspect will be familiar to anyone to anyone who's familiar with the current critiques of brand identities, transnational corporatism, and media monopolies.  McWorld thrives in opposition to nation-states, those entities which provide one of the main opportunities to counteract unintended consequences in the tragedy of the commons.  McWorld needs new needs, and if they cannot be found they will be made.  McWorld seeks to universalize, yet also to create niches for convenient sorting of consumers. On the other hand the force of "Jihad" is based in the particularism of the French, resistant to the onslaught of American cinema, Islamic states utilizing censorship to prevent cultural contamination by Western pop culture, of the Chinese placing national filters on the internet.   Sadly, Barber's analysis of Jihad feels far weaker than his take on McWorld, starting with his choice of the word Jihad.  While he explains several times that he doesn't intend to conflate to fundamentalisms and particularism of his Jihad with Islam, his word choice can do nothing else (and was probably wise from a commercial viewpoint).  This weakness is even more relevant today when it is this particularizing force which we may need to understand more than the thoroughly critiqued corporate thrust. Why does all of this matter?  Because the future of the world depends on it, of course.  The world, suspended in these forces of formation, must move towards greater democracy.  Democracy, however, is far more than voting and laws and a constitution, but, rather, is predicated on the existence of a civil society, to which both Jihad and McWorld may be inimical. If this review feels awkwardly chunked into three parts, with some unnecessary repetition, then it has also managed to mirror that aspect of the book.  If it's also given you the urge to grab a pen and scribble questions, comments, reactions and counterarguments and examples into the margins then it has mirrored an even more significant aspect of the book, which is to say that it does a good enough job of provoking thought that it does not need to be right.     