 I remember picking up this CD before knowing that Fish had been replaced (Marillion info in the states was hard to come by back then...).  "Who the heck is that singing?!?!" was my first reaction, but after I got past the shock I realized that most of the songs on this CD are very good indeed.  "King of Sunset Town" is a nice opener - nothing terribly overwhelming, but a promising start.  I like the long intro...  "Easter" is a Marillion classic - Hogarth's voice suits the music style perfectly.  Rothery plays beautiful 12-string guitar, and Mark Kelly adds some delicate piano to top things off.  The outro is vintage Marillion, with some great backing vocals adding to the richness of the song and its message.  "The Uninvited Guest" is a throwaway in my opinion, the lyrics are sort of silly and Hogarth shows (not for the last time) that he's sort of out of his element singing a rocker.  A lesson that is unfortunately reinforced later in the CD.  "Season's End" is almost the mirror of "The Uninvited Guest" - everything that is wrong with Hogarth there is right with Hogarth here.  This song and "The Space" showcases H's vocals best on this CD, and the chorus is just beautiful - great chord changes that make your hair stand on end.  I LOOVVE the cool outro as well.  "Holloway Girl" falls into the "mediocre" pile.  Nice bass bit by Pete to start things off, but the emotion that Marillion tries to pull of just doesn't work.  And for a band that thrives on emotion in both its vocal delivery and its musical structure that's not a good thing.  They tried to swing for the fences here, but didn't make contact.  "Berlin" gets a lot of bad press, but I think it's a great song.  Really nice melody, and a chorus that just jumps up and punches you right in the heart.  Another great outing for Hogart on the vox, and some classic Marillion delayed guitar from Rothery.  I'm not terribly sold on the sax in the song, but I generally don't like horn sections in my rock music anyhow.  Besides, the arpeggiated guitar behind the sax solo is amazing and is where my attention goes during the middle eight.  "After Me"... well, they could've left this one off, couldn't they have? Just sort of THERE.  Marillion by numbers... and Hogarth gets a little too melodramatic for my tastes (which is something I've felt he does often).  "Hooks in you" is just 80's rock rubbish.  Everything that was wrong with "The Uninvited Guest" is doubled here... Hogarth just can't rock out.  This also begins a disturbing thread in Marillion's history - the desperation of Marillion to deliver singles that will get airplay.  This ain't what Marillion does best.  "The Space" serves as a great comeback and the near KO that "Hook In you" almost brings.  GREAT keys from Kelly, and some of the most subtle and understated (and I mean that in a good way) guitar that Rothery's delivered as a member of the band.  Marillion saves the best for last on this CD, and the fantastic outro leaves you wanting more.  I understand that some of the songs on this CD were born when Fish was still in the band, and some of his stylings are apparent.  "Seasons End" sort of straddles the line between Marillion Past and Marillion Future, and - despite a few missteps - delivers what for the most part is a very solid album.  That said, this also marks the CD where Marillion changed from a "great band" to just a "very good band", and they've never quite reclaimed that level after Fish departed.  As is apparent with their efforts after the break, Fish and Marillion needed each other...  For post-Fish Marillion, I'd say this is a good place to start.  I'd also pick up "Radiation" (GREAT guitar work, even though I know I'm in the minority) and "Anoraknophobia" (the "new" Marillion really hits stride here with some great songs).     