 A fine experiment in juxtaposition.  I cannot describe New Musik's "Warp" in any other way. Often the beat of the song does not match the message therein.  That's why it is so fabulous.   This was their third and final album.  It sparked a couple of singles: "Here Come the People" and "The Planet Doesn't Mind."  Both were virtually ignored in most of North America (even though the LP was available here, albeit briefly).  But Japan must have been impressed enough to re-issue this rare find.  I am glad that it did.   "Here Come the People" sounds like it could have been on an M album.  Then there are two seperate songs entitled "All You Need is Love."  One, of course, is the Beatles classic quirkily re-done by New Musik with a dance beat.  The other is a beautiful original Tony Mansfield composition with the omnipresent message that love can conquer all.  Simply exquisite.  "Green and Red (Respectively)" uses music to define colors by my likening.  It's just that we happen to listen in on the "red" section.  There are three versions of "The Planet Doesn't Mind" on this.  I happen to like the single version the best, probably for the way it was produced and engineered.  The message from "Hunting" harks back to the message of "Dead Fish Don't Swim Home" from the first album.  Unlike the earlier one, this is not an anti-war song.  However, it raises questions about what some may consider to be senseless killing.  The title track "Warp" is a marvelous piece.  The ending is very clever.  It sounds like a stuck or warped record (for those of us that remember records).  But I imagine it is meant to be that way.  "Going Round Again" is a description of a woman who sleeps around and the irritation it must cause the singer/writer.  "A Train on Twisted Tracks" focuses on how to proceed in life in an uncertain future.   I am thrilled to have this CD.  There are one or two less appealing songs - but nothing is ever perfect.  I bought the first two albums back around 1980-81 but could never seem to find the third one.  Now I have it and ALL New Musik fans should have it too.     