 Prince is a prolific and erratic artist to be sure. As much as I love Prince's artistry and music and respect his extraordinary talents, I have admittedly been disappointed by the notion that Prince's true brilliance had yet to really manifest itself. He could toss off a lot of great music on a whim, but a lot of his best work blatantly acknowledged he could be better still. I feel 'The Rainbow Children' is his first LP to blissfully demonstrate a new era for Prince, unrestrained by record company red tape, and even more so, the radio popularity he had through the mid 80's. Prince is now a seasoned veteran. His fanbase is no longer a diluted wave of radio geeks captivated by this hit or that hit. The fans that have stood by Prince now have the extraordinary opportunity to partake of his newest album, a record that, for the most part, went completely unnoticed by the mainstream public. 'The Rainbow Children' is a triumphantly whimsical ode to utopia, a funny, richly rewarding, and ultimately extremely satisfying collection of enigmatic narratives and flowing musical interludes and songs. In reality, much of it seems like an exciting preview for the new direction Prince is taking as an independent musician. Tantalizing musical ideas surface only to be taken over by still more promising ones, and yet, this album feels assuredly confident and consistent throughout. Prince displays his most prodigious talents on several gorgeous ballads. He lays down some great funk and jams as well. He melds jazzy ornamentations into sinewy tapestries dripping with sugar and spice. Prince effortlessly and more successfully than ever before melds divinity with gleeful carnality. Everything he does on this album seems to point to one thing. Prince may yet fully master his own trade, but will never be limited by it. Prince, undaunted by commercial failure, has set out on a new path. Regardless of how many avid followers may go along with him, he'll never stop doing what is in his blood. He'll likely never even approach the fame he once claimed, but he most certainly can and will eclipse the artistry that led him to it. 'The Rainbow Children' is the best album of Prince's astonishing career. Wow!     