 I've never gone through so much emotional wrestling as I have with this album. After listening to a copy from a friend following years of fanatical admiration for 'Little Earthquakes,' I was completely baffled. What in the name of God was Tori thinking? I started to consider the possibility that Tori was stoned to the enth degree while recording this project. Her voice careened all over the place, and she played that damned harpsichord, indulging in dissonance and chaos as though she was really aiming for it.  Since I strongly believed that Tori would never consider releasing an LP she wasn't passionate about (afterall, she believes her songs are "people...good friends"), I was determined to delve into this complex work until I came out frustrated beyond recovery or hopefully with an appreciation for the bold display of anti-conventional song writing Tori had accomplished. ...I have triumphed! For some reason I still can't quite explain, 'Boys for Pele' takes a spin in my CD player even more than 'Under the Pink,' and certainly 'Strange Little Girls,'  I am simply amazed by the audacity and tenacity Tori exhibits through this album. I have yet to figure out what the heck she's trying to say in most of these songs, but I have a good idea based on the mood the music instills in me while listening.  Part of what makes this album wonderful is the enigma that clouds it. I'm convinced I'll have a breakthrough on the next listen, and I'll really "get it." It's not necessarily obscure, but most certainly not easily accessible either. I would agree that this album is equally loved and hated. I must mention that there are definitely stand-out highlights to note. Of the hundreds of songs Tori has recorded, 'Marianne' is comfortably in my Top 10. 'Hey Jupiter' inspired one of the top 2 songs Tori has ever done. When 'Hey Jupiter' was released as a maxi-single, it was reworked into a dazzling masterpiece that easily trascends the original LP version. It's called 'Hey Jupiter (The Dakota Version). 'Caught a Lite Sneeze' is a breezy gorgeous opus. Also, the videos for the later two songs are among her best. So, this collection of songs and I are really "good friends" now, but like good friends, we still argue a lot. Mmmmm!     