 This film has been called "gruesome," "chilling," and "disturbing," but I must say that it is truly none of those things. Yes, the 'ideas' in the film are pretty gruesome, but the actual presentation is downright tepid and seriously flawed. Admittedly, the setup of two guys who wake up in a filthy decaying bathroom with a dead body laying between them is tantalizing, but there is never a genuine payoff. Everything that follows simply fails to engage. Let's see, we have victims who endure horrible travails, but not once do we really care. What's more, we have a villian who is neither scary or menacing, atleast for the viewer. This is due in large part because the 'games' he devises for his victims are, clever yes, but fully unrealistic. Most of the film follows one series of improbabilities after another. Take for example a scene in which the killer escapes from the gunpoint of two cops (Again? When will they learn?) only to lead one of the cops into a booby trap involving a line of string and some strategically placed rifles. Uh, yeah right! James Wan's direction is so slack and unappealing that the necessary tension that must be steadily increased in this kind of film is absent, replaced instead by bouts of boredom and frustration. Throughout the film, the plot jaggedly swings back and forth between the opening bathroom set and various flashbacks and side-action in an effort to build suspense, but you'll soon discover there is little, if any, momentum in this pointless movie. For example, we see music video style edits of some of the action which is meant to induce paranoia and uneasiness. Does it accomplish those two things. Well, no! These are all well used cliches in the movie making handbook, all style and no finesse.   After awhile, the contrivances and shock tricks add up to a whole lot of nothing. Even the 'surprise' twist at the end meets with a feeling of indifference. Danny Glover as a beat down detective has never been so impotent and one dimensional. Cary Elwes is moderately effective, but aloof. Even the extremely desperate and horrific actions of his character in an effort to reach his wife and daughter in the climax of the film are hopelessly false, even more so because he is a doctor. He should know, even despite his delerium, that the consequences of his actions would render him completely useless to anyone, much less his family. Read the back of the DVD case, and you'll learn all you need to know about the plot. Avoid this movie, and you'll learn all you need to know about time management.      