 I will admit that the finale to Season 5 where Buffy realizes her 'Gift' and sacrifices her life was so harrowing and climactic, that I was unsure how anything following that could really ring true. However, I was very impressed with Season 6. There is no question that S6 is the darkest season of the 7. Many reviewers have covered that. I will add that the villians in this season weren't really Warren, Andrew, and Jonathan. Those characters added humor and whimsy to the season, but ultimately the villians were the main characters themselves. Buffy, Willow, Xander, Anya, Spike ect. were all at major crossroads in their lives. The forces they were compelled to fight against were very much inner demons. I believe that this introspection was handled with sensitivity and truth. Buffy and the gang were confronted with very harsh realities, insecurities, vulnerabilities, and such. After seeing the show maintain a fairly light and bubbly tone for much of its first five seasons(which I loved as well), I was pleased to see Season 6 had more of a gritty edge, and dark dramatic fire. After the two hour season premiere 'Bargaining,' where Buffy is resurrected, the season begins building the tension ever so slowly before it threatens to break out all over in a very very impressive trilogy of episodes called 'Tabula Rasa,' 'Smashed,' and 'Wrecked.' Here, Willow descends into the the dark forces of magic and Buffy fully succumbs to the seductions of Spike. One scene alone is worth mentioning for its extraordinary power, emotional resonance, and masterful direction. I am surprised that more reviewers have not commented upon it. In the finale of episode 9, 'Smashed,' Buffy and Spike confront each other in an absolutely electric and dynamic battle of brawn and words, throwing each other through walls and crashing through the floors of an old rotted out building. As everything is crumbling down around them, figuratively and literally, they passionately embrace and further assault their bodies against each other and against the building itself. I remember being stunned beyond measure and moved to tears. It's just one scene in this incredible series that will be etched in my consciousness for many years to come. Of course, who could forget the tremendously exciting and wrenching finale when "Willow doesn't live here anymore" or 'Once more, With Feeling.' Overall, the trio of "super villians" added laughs and gags in the right places, but this was easily the season when the scooby gang became hereos AND villians, forced to turn on themselves and each other. There were some episodic disappointments. 'Gone' and 'Doublemeat Palace' were dramatically stagnant, and it really felt like the writers were simply stalling, especially coming out of such a strong trilogy of preceding episodes. Overall, season 6 was fresh, exciting, and new. Who ever saw the violent and shocking conclusion to 'Seeing Red' coming or the vengeance Willow wreaks on Warren? Not me! Great stuff........highly recommended!     