 'Mulholland Drive' is the kind of film that leads to seemingly endless debate and theorizing. Message boards fill up with commentary claiming genius as much as absurdity and frustration. This is actually a rather intimate film in the home viewing format, producing unique reactions and wide ranging emotions. Each viewer takes from David Lynch's masterpiece what they will, but everyone has an opinion. Why? One can not walk away from this film and simply forget about it. The human mind resists because the urgency to unveil whatever mystery lies within those hypnotic two and half hours is just too potent. 'Mulholland Drive,' unlike Lynch's 'Lost Highway' will indeed give up its most telling secrets. Those ten clues offered in the sleeve of DVD additions aren't simply a hoax. For example, as noted by Lynch, there really are two extremely important clues revealed even before the credits roll. I will not reveal them, but I will say this. One of these clues is valuable to first time viewers. The other is, for the most part, beneficial only to those who have already seen this picture. Yes, there are a few subplots that really don't contribute to the main theme, but they're incredibly interesting and entertaining nonetheless. Take for example the black comedy of that triple homicide and the exploding vacuum cleaner. This scene is obviously a loose end from the serial story Lynch had in mind for ABC, but how could he not include it?  The character Naomi Watts portrays is the center of this film. Her performance is nothing short of a miracle. Pay particular attention to the astonishing duplicity she serves up playing both 'Betty' and 'Diane.' Yes, that disheveled blonde in the final half hour is played by the same actress that gave 'Betty' all that excessive sweetness and charisma.  I won't reveal anything about the plot because, prior to experiencing this film for the first time, it's hardly necessary. In addition, describing what makes this film great would take far longer than this review could possibly be. Briefly, 'Mulholland Drive' offers vibrant imagery, jaw dropping performances, great lines, A. Badalamenti's incredible music, rich and exceedingly rewarding ideas, and a holistic experience that will stick with you long after all those popcorn summer blockbusters begin collecting dust at the neighborhood video store. 'Mulholland Drive' melds the dreams we aspire to attain together with the dreams we create when we sleep. It displays a sharp intuitive sense of how we internalize hope and our desires for the future. What's more, this film develops fascinating characters based on the fantasies we fall in love and the realities we wish to shun. Why mince words? 'Mulholland Drive' is brilliant cinema.     