 Worship albums can often be extremely disappointing, especially for people who have actually been to the live shows such recordings are culled from. So many times the electricity and live presence critical to live recordings are diminished to the point of mockery and embarrassment. I was simply delighted to discover this wonderful gem, a testament to the inspired collaboration and vision of so many people. With the support of other top Christian acts like Amy Grant and Chris Rice accompaying Michael W. Smith in full chorus and a sharp display of intrumental prowess from his band, the result is altogether breathtaking. Rather than glossing this record by editing and downplaying the audience, Smith allows this concert recording to breath with the fire of a mass of people truly moved in the spirit of corporate worship. Smith puts his charisma and top notch talent on full display as well. He sings with the passionate tone we've come to expect from him, and his chorus matches him in colorful displays of harmony and nuanced articulation. What's more, songs that are familiar to so many people the world over are given that special Smity magic. Rich melodious arrangements of songs like 'Forever,' 'Open the eyes of my heart,' and 'Breathe,' for example, convey the essence of Smity's multitude of God given gifts without ever distracting from the center of this project which is, of course, praise to God. Also included are two studio tracks, one a beautiful new song written by Smith and his wife (Purified) and the other, a studio version of 'Above All,' a live worship song included in this set.  Please also seek out the newly released DVD/video of this worship project. Last spring, Smith set out to record a live concert from Alberta, Canada in 5.1 surround and in multiple camera angles. It's a great companion piece. In addition, you'll have the opportunity to hear songs from the upcoming followup LP, 'Worship Again.' The endearing triumph of this project can not be overestimated. 'Worship' is one of the finest recording projects Michael W. Smith has ever done.     