 Granted, I haven't read Ethan Mordden's series of books on musical theatre...and they have been well-reviewed on this site.  I chose this book primarily because I wanted a book that examines the last 25 years of Broadway musicals and is fairly recent.  This book surveys the period from 1978 - 2003 on Broadway (and off).  Although I did agree with many of Mr. Mordden's views on various musical projects throughout the last 25 years, I have several misgivings about recommending this book.  1).  Mr. Mordden tries too hard to be witty and many of his jokes (witticisms) push too hard to be funny.  Some are downright tasteless...example: when he refers to a musical based on "Our Town" that, due to Mary Martin's fatal cancer the project was "killed".    2).  Mr. Mordden regularly insults his readers and Broadway audiences, regaling them for their "stupidity" while making numerous factual mistakes of his own in research.  He refers to only "four original songs" from the movie Footloose that transferred to the stage version.  Wrong!  A couple of times, he also assigns roles to the wrong actor in his synopsis of the shows.  3).  Mr. Mordden, in attempting to be witty and funny, is quite often just downright mean and bitchy.  4).  His pretentiousness is on full display in the use of numerous references to Broadway as "The Street".  I've never heard it called this...is this his own invention to try to coin a term and be hip and trendy?  Several times, he also get tied up in the syntax of his sentence structure and the overuse of his thesaurus in order to impress.  Thus, his meaning becomes muddled and difficult to understand.  5).  Mr. Mordden decides that, in writing this book, he has good reason to throw in right-wing political propoganda here and there.  I'm not sure why, but he does it regularly which weakens his arguments as he analyzes the shows.  He rips "Ragtime" for glorifying terrorism...not only is this analysis ridiculous, but totally out of context for a musical set in the early 20th century.  Although Mr. Mordden is quite astute and dead on in many instances...his insistence on writing in the manner and style he does makes reading the book a disappointing experience in the long run.     