 ...but Uematsu has produced far better. I awaited Final Fantasy X with bated breath, more so when I heard samples of the beautiful "To Zanarkand" piano piece. When I finally got my hands on the music, I listened straight through. What were my reactions? Boredom, at times. Illness, occasionally. Awe, every once in a while. It seemed a rather average output by a rather brilliant composer. Was Uematsu losing his touch? Over time, I listened to the music more, trying to get a feel of it while maintaining a disattachment from the storyline. After all, the track names are spoilers enough in themselves. I didn't want to expose myself to too much of the storyline on top of that. (for the concise review, skip to the last paragraph. =) ) One of the songs that initially put me off was "Otherworld". I am no fan of rock/punk/whatever music. It grates on my ears. I have no problem with those who like it; it just isn't my cup of tea. =/ However, I broke my pact to myself (>.<) and watched the Blitzball sequence that accompanied this music. WOW. The music fit the scene perfectly. Who was I to question something that fit so seamlessly into its role? I immediately took a liking to the song, and now it's one of my favorites. Odd. =) Another song that put me off was the version of the "Prelude". Ugh, it just...annoys me. The beauty of the harp is lost amid an awful remix that can't even come close to doing the tune justice. It also sounds like it's all synth. Not my idea of the best song. Then there's the Songs of Prayer tracks. Eight tracks in all, bearing "Song of Prayer", followed by the name of a summoned creature. Nice themes, very well put-together...but very redundant when there are eight remarkably similar tracks. Despite their beauty, a bit of a deterrant for me. Last I come to Suteki da Ne. While some people strongly dislike Rikki's voice, and people complain about her 'flat' note, I think it was intentional. Not only does it add an air of exoticism to the song, it is also very hard to accurately reproduce time and time again. A lovely tune that struck me hard at first, and has only grown to its current place in my heart. A fair soundtrack, though lacking in places. Good to buy, so long as the import fees aren't too high.     