 Final Fantasy VI Grande Finale: an orchestrated album of some of video gaming's best songs, and a must-buy. All of the tracks are fully orchestrated and rewritten, allowing for a new feel and added flavor. Tina - A great start to a great album. An almost Batman-esque sound followed by the better-known overworld theme, and at times vaguely reminiscent of the ever-popular Prologue. Kefka - If you weren't told this was Kefka's theme, you might not realize for the first 20 seconds. An interesting piano introduction leading to a woodwind version of Kefka's bouncy and mocking theme. The Mystic Forest - A mellow, sweeping song that seems melancholy at times, but always maintains the air of control. Gau - This song was one of my favorites in the original soundtrack, and it remains so with this remake. The use of strings is superb. While I would have preferred a deeper and richer sound for the melody, this song still incredible. Milan de Chocobo - An orchestrated version of the famed Chocobo theme? You bet! I never thought I'd hear a mellow yet whimsical version of this theme, but here it is. Very intriguing, with interesting countermelodies and a unique bass line. Troops March On - Start out with a drum roll, and bring in the majestic horn section. A truly regal-sounding theme with excellent varied use of instruments and sounds. Kids Run Through the City Corner - Violins set the tone for this next track with a drawn-out introduction leading into the familiar village theme. Very nice use of strings in this piece. Blackjack - This track starts out sounding almost like a Gershwin piece, or a park scene from a Broadway musical, but it shortly resolves into a woodwind version of the Blackjack theme from the soundtrack. Relm - This was one of the sweetest themes in the soundtrack, though the synth bagpipe sound turned some people off. In this orchestrated version, real bagpipes are used, providing a rustic feel while maintaining the lilting theme in the wind section. Mystery Train - Whereas the original track utilized 'spooky' instruments to relay a feeling of urgency, this track starts out with violins melodies, adding in a piano countermelody shortly thereafter. An intriguing twist on an already interesting song. Aria di Mezzo Carattere - Being a fan of opera, this track blew me away. Using an opera in a video game seemed surprising enough, but changing it into a well-orchestrated and well-sung Italian opera went beyond what I had ever expected, even of Nobuo Uematsu. I fell in love with Celes's theme before I even knew I was into gaming music. When the opera scene came up, it almost made me want to cry, it was so touching. This version does even more than the original could, and the soloist is superb. My favorite track of the album. Having reviewed every track separately, it only confirms my feeling that this is one of the best, if not the best, video game music albums ever recorded. It definitely deserves a five-star rating. I applaud Uematsu on his work.     