 There is never engough written about the Dune universe to satiate my hungry mind.  I was going to wait for the paperback edition of Dune: House Corrino to come out before I read it, but after reading House Harkonnen, I knew I couldn't sleep well until I had finished the series of prequels. House Corrino nearly finishes off the time from House Atreides to the first original Dune book, leaving only about a decade and a half interim.  This gap is disappointing, but all of the plot lines closed up nicely once the end was reached, at least. There were a few things that could be viewed as weaknesses in this book.  For instance, Baron Vladimir Harkonnen is one-dimensionally cruel, violent, ruthless, and single-minded.  Emperor Shaddam IV reeks of incompetance, stubbornness, and rebellion.  The Bene Gesserit are, as always, cool, cruel, and uncaring of many winds in the universe.  Despite all this, though, one has to realize that in real life, there are two-dimensional people.  People just as predictably vile, ruthless, stubborn, and cruel.  In addition, the development of the characters of Duke Leto Atreides, Prince Rhombur Vernius, Jessica, and even Count Glossu Rabban is evident.  Leto shows his soft side and his hard side through his time with Jessica, and his ruthless attacks on offending people.  Rhombur, after facing some rather strong physical setbacks, emerges more mentally strong than ever.  Jessica, ever the Bene Gesserit loyalist, defies the Sisterhood, bearing Leto a son.  Rabban shows actual restraint in a near-attack on the Atreides.  The wife of the Emperor, Kwisatz Mother Anirul, faces a flurry of Other Memory voices which nearly drive her mad.  The character development really isn't lacking in this book. The plot flows rather well, each chapter occuring at the right time, and finally coming together to some extent near the end.  The sheer number of plotlines is enough to drive one batty, though.  Reminiscent of Lord of the Rings, as soon as something interesting is happening in one plotline, the authors whisk you away to another.  Temporarily frustrating, but as it does all come together eventually, we can cope. So all in all, a great read for me, and hopefully for all Dune enthusiasts.  I suggest reading the other two House books before picking up this one, as it would be supremely confusing if one didn't.  And though I'm disappointed in the lack of another prequel following this, it ends up working out anyway.     