 I'll be honest -- I bought this game for the bling-bling. I wanted to play basketball and be able to upgrade my character's appearance like in SSX3. The addition of houses, jewelry, and real NBA stars makes it all the sweeter! Story There are several different play modes (tournament, online, quickplay), but the one that makes this title stand out is "Rags to Riches" mode. You begin as a nobody, singled out by TV network executives as someone whose path they want to follow from ballin' on the street against local thugs to playing against big name NBA stars. Characters Your character can be as customized as much as you like: headgear, facial hair, shirts, shoes, tattoos, elbow and knee braces. Unlike other character customizers (e.g. THUG), once you choose your physical makeup (height, weight, facial structure), it cannot be modified. You can also choose from a wide range of "nicknames" to be used when talking about your character on the court! Gameplay You choose the NBA players whose moves you would like to emulate, including Iverson and cover boy Stephan Marbury. Each match you win (best 2 out of 3 games to 11), you earn points. These points can be used to unlock special moves or additional bling-bling. The gameplay is a lot of fun, and the number of jukes, cool moves, and other animations is outstanding. You can bounce the ball off of your opponent's head, because it stuns them and you can fake around them. You can also taunt your fellow opponent, which is good, wholesome fun. Some of the collision detection is a bit off, especially in the post-scoring animations. There isn't the refined feel that I get when I play NBA Street, but this is a first generation title, so I don't mind. The hilarious commentary and realistic moves make it very enjoyable. Decent Animation and Good Tunes I wouldn't give this title any awards for its graphics, but they are comparable to other first generation sports titles. There are a wide range of characters and customizable animations, and the engine holds up quite well during gameplay. The music is catchy. I usually shut off music during sports titles, but the music really fits the courts and gives the game good ambience. Despite not being a big rap or hip hop fan, these tunes are catchy and not hardcore or graphic in their language. Will This Gather Dust? As with most sports titles in my collection, I'll play it until a better title comes out. I'm looking forward to an NBA Ballers 2, with a richer depth to its career mode, where you can stock your own house with bling! Overall Recommendations: You'll like this if:  * You like NBA Street. * You like basketball.  * You like being the center of a sports game (a la Tony Hawk or WWE).     