 I am absolutely shocked that this game did not get more press or a dedicated fan base. This game is fast, fun, and the environments are awesome. The week it came out, the people at the store where I preordered it from were sick of me phoning to ask when it was coming in!!!  Choose a character, like Cosmo (from the UK) or Mai (from Japan) and a bike and get riding! You can choose from a variety of careers or just race a single race. Then hope on your bike and start riding!  Characters Other than their name, basic stats, and country of origin, there isn't a lot to know about the characters. You have the opportunity to unlock additional characters, including real-life downhill pro riders. (Is it just me, or does Lisa Lopes look like Xena on steroids?)  Story  This game doesn't have a story, so much as it has different racing courses for you to unlock. The range of available courses is amazing. It includes:  * Mt. Liddleroch in the Scottish highlands, complete with castles and monks  * Mt. Zorkovaska in Russia, with snow and military bases  * Red Pass in USA, modeled after the beautiful rock features one can find in states like Utah  Although there isn't a ''mission'', the game has an awesome range of careers: Mountain Cross, Freeride, Arcade, Race, Technical, and more!  You can also upgrade your bicycle in the Bike Shop, which provides a wide range of tires, shocks, and frames. The Shop also provides a list of your sponsors (which you acquire the more you achieve in each of the various careers). You can also buy Extras, some of which can greatly enhance your biking stats!  Graphics and Sound Wow, wow, wow. For a title that listed at $39.99 at its release, the graphics are far better than I imagined. No slowdown, no loading times within levels, and great detail on both the characters and the environments.  I usually hate the ''popular'' music that accompanies games (with THPS being the rare exception), but the music that comes with DD is far better than I expected. I usually mute the music on racing games, but this game is enhanced by the soundtrack.  Will This Gather Dust? There are a lot of things to unlock in this game -- things that I will not spoil the surprise with in this review. It has a high replay value for me, as I play it at least an hour or so a week, even 4 months after its release.  Overall Recommendation:  If you like downhill sports racing (Freekstyle, SSX, Amped, 1080), you'll like this.  If you like tight controls and cool tricks, you'll like this.  If you like realistic sports simulations, you'll like this.     