 The sound of the snow crunching under your board, the feel of cutting the first track through fresh powder...in this game you won't be disappointed!  I really liked SSX Tricky, but the Trick Book quickly became tedious along with the repetitive tracks. Though SSX3 steals the ''open'' concept from Tony Hawk 4, it works even better with its ''open mountain'' concept.  And So It Starts...  You begin on Peak 1, the lowest of the 3 unlockable peaks. You have a choice between Racing, Freestyle, and Freeride goals. To progress to the next mountain, you must either complete one set of goals or you have to earn a certain amount of money (typically by performing tricks and winning races).  Characters  The characters in this game are great, though be warned that some of your favorites don't appear (e.g. Eddie, JP). The ''snazzy'' voice-acting from SSX Tricky is gone -- no more Lucy Liu! However, the acting replacements are great, and their vocals are much less hammy, IMHO.  Story It's a sports game; there isn't too much story. The rivalries are still present, and new characters (like covergirl Allegra) bring newfound sayings and moves!  The only negative is that, unlike THPS4, you have to complete the SAME GOALS over and over with each individual boarder. If you thought this was tedious with THPS, try dozens of goals and challenges with the 8+ characters in this game! It becomes really boring!  You Look Maahhh-velous! Wow, wow, wow. The graphics are fantastic. Yes, sometimes you see the ''inside'' of a mountain or the underside of a level, but that's a small price to pay for the camera keeping pace with you the rest of the way.  In terms of scope, even the smallest of them all, Peak 1, takes 12 minutes to rush down. You can spend well over an hour just travelling from Peak 3 to 1, slowly completing goals and collecting ''collectibles'' (aka snowflakes).  The skins that you can download for your characters (e.g. hats, heads, clothes, boards) allow you to customize your look every time you go down the mountain. I try to dress Elise differently every time I play -- it feels like a whole new character!  Will This Gather Dust?  No, I can honestly say that I'm still playing SSX Tricky, let alone SSX3. I haven't explored the online racing, but the game is strong enough without it!  Overall Recommendation:  If you like Tony Hawk, you'll like this.  If you like SSX, you'll like this.  If you like snow, you'll like this.     