 George R. R. Martin continues to treat the reader with fascinating characters, political intrigue and a shocking death or two.  I won't go into detail about the plot and characters of this book but instead I'll focus on why Martin is the greatest fantasy author of our time. As many have already noted, Martin doesn't follow typical epic fantasy conventions.  Instead, Martin gives us a fantasy setting very much based on medieval Britain--a medieval Britain where magic is scarce and the jostling and scheming among the great houses of Westeros is the rule. Martin is unpredictable and it is difficult to guess where he's going with the story.  He doesn't pull plot twists out of his hat, though, as a second reading of any of his "A Song of Ice and Fire" novels will reveal the groundwork laid down by Martin that led up to the surprising plot turns (the second time I read the novels I kept hitting my head every time I came upon a clue that led to one of the big surprises). Another quality Martin has is his ability to paint realistic characters: Not every good guy is that good nor is every bad guy all bad.  In fact, some guys who you thought were good end up making some terrible choices--either out of greed, love or pride--that cost them honor, family and even their very lives.  And some of the most unredeemable bad guys in the novel slowly change to become better, if not good, as they mature and try to shed their evil ways (not always sucessfully).  The depth of characterization in A Storm of Swords is astounding as characters slowly grow--sometimes for the better, often for the worse. Martin doesn't let his love for his characters interfere with the gritty realism of A Storm of Swords.  Some of the most interesting characters--hated and beloved--in the series die here.  A few readers have complained about this but to me it is a refreshing change of pace from other epic fantasy novels where the good guys never die and always overcome the bad guys in the end.  That's not the way it works in A Storm of Swords. A Storm of Swords is broken up into ten different characters' points of view (each chapter is titled with the names of one of those ten characters--some of the ten get more chapters than others do).  Often we get to read about the same events twice only told from two (or more) differing perspectives.  But don't think that because a character has his own chapters/point of view that he's immune from Martin's axe. A Storm of Swords is a realistic, gritty, epic fantasy novel inspired by historical events in medieval Britain.  A must read.     