 To say this is an odd album doesn't quite fully describe it.  So I'll try to fully describe it! This album has three faces.  Not including the live version of "Livin' For You", five of the album's nine songs were written or co-written by the band's founder/main songwriter/guitarist/producer Tom Scholz, three songs were written by Anthony Cosmo, son of Boston vocalist Fran Cosmo, and one song was written by Boston's new vocalist Kimberly Dahme.  That's the songwriting credits.  The lead vocals are divided among original Boston singer Brad Delp, the lead singer from Boston's 1994 album Walk On (Fran Cosmo) and the newest Boston vocalist, Kimberly Dahme. A break down of the songs on Corporate America: 1. "I Had A Good Time" (written by Tom Scholz) - One of the best tracks on this album, "I Had A Good Time" would've fit perfectly onto Boston's 1986 album Third Stage and, in fact, has many similarities to some songs off of Third Stage (most notably "I Think I Like It" and "We're Ready").  Brad Delp provides the vocals on this one.  This song easily ranks among Boston's better songs.  No, it isn't "More Than A Feeling" but it's on par with many of the best "second tier" Boston songs like the aforementioned "We're Ready" and "I Think I Like It".  I rate this song a nine out of ten. 2. "Stare Out Your Window" (written by Anthony Cosmo) - An upbeat song, the first of the Cosmo penned tunes is a pretty good song.  It certainly doesn't have a Boston sound to it, but it's a good song nonetheless.  Fran Cosmo provides the vocals.  The song ranks an eight. 3. "Corporate America" (Tom Scholz) - If you're familiar with the new tracks from Boston's Greatest Hits album ("Higher Power" and "Tell Me"), then you already have an idea of what this track sounds like.  In fact, this osng is basically a combination of "Tell Me" and "Higher Power".  And though I find the lyrics to be disturbingly and distressingly anti-corporate America, I can look past the radical leftist lyrics and hear a great song.  This song ranks a solid nine. 4. "With You" (Kimberly Dahme) - Dahme sings this folksy pop ballad and though it is a big departure for Boston, this song is very good.  It easily ranks a nine. 5. "Someone" (Tom Scholz) - Even though it's Brad Delp singing lead here, this song would have been right at home on 1994's Walk On (it kinda reminds me of "I Need Your Love").  Like every track on Walk On, this is a very good song.  I'll give it a nine out of ten. 6. "Turn It Off" (Anthony Cosmo) - Of the three Anthony Cosmo penned tracks (all of which are sung by Fran Cosmo), this is the only one that sounds like past Boston (think Walk On).  Not only that but this epic, high-octane song just may be the best one on the album.  It's close to perfect--it's a ten. 7. "Cryin'" (Anthony Cosmo) - This song doesn't do much for me.  "Cryin'" is a decent ballad but it's merely a third tier Boston song.  Fran Cosmo provides the vocals.  It rates a seven. 8. "Didn't Mean To Fall In Love" (Tom Scholz/Curly Smith/Janet Minke) - This is another excellent song.  Brad Delp sings lead vocals here as the song combines various aspects of Third Stage and Walk On.  I'll give it a nine. 9. "You Gave Up On Love" (Tom Scholz) - Kimberly Dahme sings the vocals with two male vocalists (oddly enough, they aren't Cosmo and Delp).  This song fits the style prevalent throughout Third Stage.  And it may be the best track on the disc.  Does it crack the Boston elite ("Foreplay/Long Time", "More Than A Feeling", "Peace of Mind", and "Don't Look Back")?  Not quite, but it ranks among Boston's best songs.  It's a ten. Track ten is a live version of "Livin' For You" with Fran Cosmo on vocals.  "Livin' For You" is my least favorite tune off of Walk On.  But it's still a good tune, live or not.  It's a nine. I love this CD as strange as it is.  That being said, it just may be my least favorite Boston album.  However, Boston has never released a bad album.  This album with definitely please those of you who loved Third Stage and Walk On.  But for those Boston fans who weren't too thrilled with Third Stage or Walk On, this may not be a good disc for you to pick up. Final note: I wish Tom Scholz had co-written a couple of songs with Anthony Cosmo and/or Kimberly Dahme.  I like what Cosmo and Dahme bring to the band.  A collaboration or two with Scholz may have produced some stunning results.     