 In 1993, British progressive metal band Threshold released their first album, Wounded Land.  It was a very strong disc, one of the best progressive metal albums I've heard.  Threshold's follow up to their debut, Psychedelicatessan, was more power metal than progressive metal. Gone were the smooth vocals of Damian Wilson.  His replacement, Glynn Morgan, brought a more aggressive style of vocals into Threshold. Psychedelicatessen was a pretty good release, but it just wasn't in the same league as Wounded Land (though this wasn't Morgan's fault and in all fairness, Psychedelicatessan is considered Threshold's best album by some fans).  Enter Extinct Instinct, Threshold's third studio album.  Wilson is back on vocals.  And we'll see if that's a good thing...  1. "Exposed" - Sounding like some of the more aggressive songs from Psychedelicatessen combined with a few of the more progressive tunes from Wounded Land, "Exposed" comes off as a powerful, chunky and somewhat weird tune.  Not a bad tune, really.  It does have some good moments. 2. "Somatography" - This song sounds very much like something off Wounded Land.  It is dark and heavy in spots, smooth and fairly relaxed in others.  The guitars are strong and crunchy and the keyboards fit in quite well.  This is a pretty good tune. 3. "Eat the Unicorn" - Heavy guitar riffs roll throughout this tune while Wilson's smooth vocals are almost hypnotizing.  This, coupled with catchy melodies and Wilson's smooth delivery, makes this a excellent song. 4. "Forever" - This ballad is pretty good.  The piano and the (sometimes) angry guitars compliment each other nicely.  This song is about the pain of a relationship.  And rather than sounding cliched and sappy, it comes off as real and quite emotional. 5. "Virtual Isolation" - The guitars are furious and thick and then Wilson comes in with that golden voice! What a combination of power and beauty! 6. "The Whispering" - This tune is a bit weird.  Very progressive with extremely odd vocal melodies--yet the melodies are catchy, too.  This is a good, aggressive tune.  It shifts gears toward the end and becomes somewhat somber and quiet, but it goes back to the aggression and ends on that note.  Good tune. 7. "Lake of Despond" - Another heavy, aggressive tune.  It's very similar to the first track with similar melodies and guitar parts, only not as good.  This might be the weakest song on the album. 8. "Clear" - I can do without this song.  It's a quiet little number and I guess it's a ballad.  It just doesn't work for me. 9. "Life Flow" - Heavy and aggressive.  That's about all this song has to offer.  The vocal melodies are mundane and a bit annoying.  This isn't one of the shining moments off the disc. 10. " Part of the Chaos" - Slow and churning with aggression, this song never does take off.  There's a weird acoustic guitar part after what you would think is the end of this song--like a bonus track but it isn't. And that's okay, I guess.  But this song is way too long and thus the album ends on this weak song.   So, in the final analysis, Extinct Instinct comes off as a pretty even combination of the progressiveness and melody of Wounded Land and the powerful aggression of Psychedelicatessen.  I like this disc more than I do Psychedelicatessen, but it isn't as good as the awesome Wounded Land. The first six tracks are excellent here.  Unfortunately, the last four tracks are weak, in my opinion.  Still, this is a good album.  As far as other bands Threshold is similar to, that's a tough one.  Maybe a tiny bit of Dream Theater combined with a little Shadow Gallery and a touch of Ayreon.  But I'm grasping for similarities here.  Threshold is a fairly unique band and similarities are hard to think of.     