 Music, my friends, should be about writing good songs.  It should not be about technique only; technique is the beginning of good songwriting, not the end.  With Dream Theater's technique-driven 1999 album Scenes From A Memory the band had it backward.  If they had concentrated on good songwriting first and then enhancing those songs with technique, perhaps SFAM would not have been such bumbling, sloppy CD.  As it was, too many songs on SFAM seem like excuses to engage in showing-off.  We are well aware of how great the musicians of Dream Theater are, thank-you (even if there talents have been exagerated by DT's fanatical fan base).  How about writing a song now? Well, I'm happy to report that Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence displays some very good song writing.  First up is disc one: Drawing upon such influences as Megadeth and Metallica, "The Glass Prison" may be one of DT's best songs.  "Blind Faith" is clearly in a Pink Floyd vein while the excellent "Misunderstood" pays homage to Tool.  "The Great Debate" may be too ambitious lyrically, but sonically it is an outstanding song.  The final track on disc one, "Misunderstand", is a laid back Floydian tune that never quite takes off.  Disc two is even more ambitious than disc one.  Though it is hard to believe that Dream Theater has the nerve to call this forty minute song one song (it is eight distinctive songs connected together--they could have done this with any eight DT songs), it still succeeds.  The melancholy "About to Crash", the aggressive "War Inside My Head" and the oddly upbeat "Solitary Shell" are the standouts here. It has been eight long years since Dream Theater has made a truly meaningful CD (I am referring to 1994's Awake).  But Six Degrees does the job.  Though not as great as Awake, Six Degrees comes fairly close.  And it ranks as Dream Theater's second best album to date.  Like Awake, Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence shows us a mature Dream Theater as opposed to the childish, rambling band that made Scenes From A Memory.  Welcome back, DT!     