 Falling Into Infinity has received so many harsh critiques from Dream Theater fans that the idea of trying to write a positive review seemed too big a mountain to climb.  So with some trepidation, I sat down and finally wrote a review of the CD knowing that I was up against a lot of negative analysis people have given this album. 1. New Millennium - This mid-tempo rocker has an intriguing Middle-Eastern vibe to it thanks to the keys and vocal melodies.  The song is fairly light (as far as complexity) but contains an interesting undercurrent of darkness which adds depth to the overall feel of the song.  Good song. 2. You Not Me - Although track two does feature some catchy rhythms and atmospheric keyboards, this mid-paced songs cheesy, cliched chorus is a turn off. 3. Peruvian Skies - A slow, ominous opening begins this song.  The vocal melodies are haunting and do a good job of utterly capturing my attention.  As the song progresses, the pace picks up and the band breaks out and delivers a powerful performance.  Its one of Dream Theaters best. 4. Hollow Years - A song that features a moving performance by vocalist James LaBrie, Hollow Years is one of Dream Theaters best ballads. 5. Burning My Soul - Though the lyrics leave a lot to be desired (something that plagues post-Kevin Moore Dream Theater), the music and the overall Awake feel to this heavy rocker more than make up for its weaknesses. 6. Hells Kitchen - A good instrumental that approaches musical masturbation, DT reins it in enough to make this a solid if somewhat less than inspired track. 7. Lines in the Sand - The song sounds promising in the very beginning, but has trouble taking off.  However, guitarist John Petrucci does pull off a moving guitar solo in the middle of the song and the second half of the song does have better melodies thus saving Lines in the Sand after a slow start. 8. Take Away My Pain - Though this track has some excellent vocal melodies and some interesting musical bits scattered throughout, some saccharine moments both lyrically and musically take away from the songs overall impact. 9. Just Let Me Breathe - A heavy rocker that has some splashes of creativity and Awake-like aggressiveness, this song still fails to deliver.  Its the less than inspired vocal melodies and the mundane technical flashes that do this song in. 10. Anna Lee - Nearly as brilliant as Hollow Years, this well-crafted ballad is another testament to song writing winning out over musical masturbation. 11. Trial of Tears - This epic starts off quietly with a soulful guitar solo.  LaBries vocals soon come in as smooth and graceful as ever.  The song has a nice rhythmic flow to it that is dynamic and calming at the same time.  The song also contains some wonderful and beautiful instrumental stretches that are intricate without being unnecessarily complex. I dont understand the harsh reaction that Falling Into Infinity still receives from many Dream Theater fans.  To me, Dream Theater continued where Awake left off as the band crafts some wonderful songs here.  And while Dream Theater would forget most of the lessons they learned here when they made the dreadfully sloppy Scenes From A Memory (excessive technical masturbation couldnt make up for weak songs but many fans still fell for SFAMs technical cover-up of SFAM's complete lack of depth), this album remains a CD of well-crafted melodies and moving music.  Fortunately, Dream Theater would rediscover song craft with 2002's Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence.  So my final word on this CD is that it is Dream Theaters third best disc only ranking behind the masterful Awake and the inspired Six Degrees.  While it would be wrong to totally ignore the negative criticism Falling Into Infinity receives, read some positive critiques of this album as well and then go purchase the album and make up your own mind.  One last note: It seems to me that keyboardist Derek Sherinian, who departed Dream Theater soon after Falling Into Infinity, was an unfair scapegoat for both the fans and the band.  I mean, cmon, Sherinians post-Dream Theater work is arguably more progressive and inspired than anything Dream Theater has done since Sherinian left the band.  Its regrettable that Dream Theater and many of their fans have tried to distance themselves from this wonderful CD.     