 With Arjen Lucassen's first Ayreon album, The Final Experiment, we were treated to a mix of prog rock, prog metal and symphonic power metal. With Ayreon's second effort, Actual Fantasy, we were given a dose of Pink Floyd-ish hard rock. On Into the Electric Castle, all the elements from The Final Experiment and Actual Fantasy are combined into a stunning two-disc "space opera". As the story of eight strangers from different points in time is told, we are given songs that are reminiscent of Pink Floyd, the Beatles, Rainbow, ELP and Savatage--the full spectrum of classic hard rock and epic rock. Highlights include: "The Decision Tree" - This song is basically an argument between two of the characters, the Barbarian (Jay van Feggelen) and the Highlander (Fish). The Barbarian is arrogant, over-bearing and looking for a fight. The Highlander is tired of fighting but is more than the Barbarian's equal. The give and take between the two is fascinating. And the music gives the argument a sense of urgent playfulness: Both characters' lives are on the line trapped in the Electric Castle, but the Highlander knows that the Barbarian is just a blowhard.  "Across the Rainbow Bridge" - The Knight (Damian Wilson) remembers his yesterdays and the Roman (Edwin Balogh) wants to push forward as they trade off back and forth on lead vocals. The Hippie (Arjen Lucassen) gets involved and then things get spacey. Psychedelic rock and heavy metal are mixed effectively here.  "Valley of the Queens" - Anneke van Giershergen (The Gathering) as the Egyptian sings her farewell on the short but incredibly beautiful tune.  "The Two Gates" - The end of the journey has come. And now the remaining five travelers must decide which gate to exit the Electric Castle. And the Barbarian takes things into his own hands. This is the most bombastic and urgent tune on the entire two disc album.  Though not as heavy overall as The Final Experiment, there is still enough "heavy rock" to go around on Into the Electric Castle. The eight different singers, representing the eight different characters, are all perfectly cast. Damian Wilson (ex-Threshold) as the Knight and Fish (ex-Marillion) as the Highlander are especially good here.  This is a GREAT album. Adventurous, innovative and emotional are all words I would use to describe this wonderful CD. Arjen Lucassen is a superb songwriter, maybe the best in prog rock/prog metal today.  Along with Queensryche's Operation: Mindcrime, Boston's debut, Savatage's Streets, and Van Halen's debut, Into the Electric Castle is one of the five best albums I've ever heard. Note: The eight characters in Into the Electric Castle are as follows: Knight, Highlander, Barbarian, Futureman, Hippie, Roman, Indian and Egyptian (the latter two are female). Not all make it out of the Electric Castle alive!  Hey, that's the fun of a rock opera.     