 Jacobs Dream's self-titled debut (from 2000) was an excellent American power metal release that effectively combined various aspects of Fates Warning, Iron Maiden and Queensryche.  All right, I'll admit that mixing Maiden, `Ryche and Fates Warning is kind of like mixing a golden retriever, a Labrador retriever and a Chesapeake Bay retriever: In the end, you still end up with a retriever.  While merging influences from the aforementioned bands isn't exactly groundbreaking, with Jacobs Dream you still get a good band (even though this formula doesn't work for all bands).  Some detractors would say that originality isn't Jacobs Dream's strongest attribute and to a degree, I concede that point.  In the end, however, who cares how Jacobs Dream arrived at their sound?  An album-any album--should be judged by the songs, not by who the band sounds like.  Jacobs Dream write great songs and that's what counts most.   "Sanctuary" (which ranks a nine out of ten) is a fierce rocker with excellent vocal melodies, especially the chorus.  The vigorous "Theater of War" (ranks a seven out of ten) shows the bands ability to change pace quickly as the song moves from slow to fast to slow again.  "Traces of Grace" (another nine) is a compelling, swiftly moving song with an almost Metallica-like opening and brawny riffs.  Showcasing more muscular riffs "Wisdom" (an eight out of ten) is another tune that swiftly changes pace.  "The Warning" (a seven) moves briskly with a tough riff that carries the song throughout.  Track six, "Sarah Williams" (ten out of ten), is a powerful ballad that tells the story of a young lady who was killed by a drunk driver and it's told through the apologetic drunk's point of view which makes this song an emotional powerhouse.  "De Machina Est Deo" (ranking a nine) is an instrumental that recalls many European power metal bands along with Metallica as it moves fast and furiously.  "Black Souls"(a seven) is aggressive, fast and brutal but lacks engaging vocal melodies.  Finally "Critical Mass" (another seven) is heavy and aggressive but like "Black Souls" it suffers from the lack of strong melodies. Vocalist David Taylor sounds like a cross between Maiden's Bruce Dickinson and Queensryche's Geoff Tate with maybe a bit of Geddy Lee thrown in (apparently, some think this combination a bad thing-go figure) .  The vocal melodies remind me of Queensryche and Fates Warning while the music is reminiscent of Queensryche, Iron Maiden and even Metallica (the Metallica similarities aren't major).  I may be drawing upon too many comparisons, but this is my attempt to give the listener a good idea of what the band sounds like.  My constant comparisons to Iron Maiden and Queensryche are probably a bit overboard and I need to point out that Jacobs Dream does clearly have their own style.  To sum up, I really like this album.  The strong song writing and the engaging performances make this CD as strong as Jacobs Dream's debut.     