 Transporter accidents seem to be one of the biggest threats in the Star Trek universe.  Why, oh why does anyone even use those things?  It seems there is at least one transporter mishap per season of not just The Next  Generation but Classic Trek, DS9 and Voyager as well.  But if the story  warrants it and the writers know what they're doing, the transporter  accident can be used as a wonderful story device. In the sixth season  episode "Second Chances", we find out that a transporter  malfunction split First Officer Riker into two seperate beings some  half-dozen or so years ago.  This second Riker is as much a  "true" Riker as the one we've seen walking around the Enterprise  for the last six seasons.  He's not a duplicate but he's the same Riker  who, because of the accident, has lived a very different life over the past  several years marooned on a planet, a planet that has an atmosphere that  will not allow communications or shuttles or transporters in or out except  once every several years or so.  This atmosphere is what caused the  accident when part of the transporter beam "bounced" off the  atmosphere and sent one Riker to a ship and the other to the planet,  trapped for over six years. I've hoped I've explained the situation good  enough.  Anyway, the Rikers meet face to face when a "window"  opens and the Enterprise discovers the other Riker.  This is a fascinating  episode.  When the marooned Riker finds out the Enterprise Riker has lost  his ambition and has turned down command after command, it makes for good  drama.  The marooned Riker still is ambitious and wants to get his own  command as soon as possible.  And he wants to romance Troi again as well  (the Enterprise Riker broke off their romance AFTER the accident) because  HE was still romantically involved with her before the malfunction. Cool  episode and a good look at Riker: Who he is now, who he was and who he  could have been.  The creators of this episode were fairly bold in leaving  both Rikers alive (even though the marooned Riker joins another starship at  the end).  But, according to insiders, this episode could have been a lot  better. The writers of this episode originally wanted to kill off the  Enterprise Riker and replace him as first officer with Data.  In turn, they  wanted the ambitious and young-acting second Riker to become the flight  control/helm officer on the Enterprise.  These writers wanted to shake  things up and alter the status quo.  But the producers, acting cowardly,  killed the idea.  Too bad!  It would've been great to see an ambitious and  cocky LIEUTENANT Riker flying the ship every episode!  Instead, we get the  same ol' stuffy COMMANDER Riker.  Oh, well.  This was a great episode,  anyway.  And one of three TNG episodes that make-up, what I consider, the  "essential guide to William Riker collection" (the other two are  "A Matter of Honor" and "The Pegasus"). "Second  Chances" is one of my favorite episodes--of any Trek series.     