 The sound of Space Metal is very much like the heavier end of Ayreon--Flight of the Migrator comes to mind--but if you're not familiar with Ayreon, Space Metal's sound falls somewhere along the lines of Rainbow (riffs), Pink Floyd (space rock) and ELP (bombast). Ayreon mastermind Arjen Lucassen plays guitar and bass throughout but gets some help from keyboadists Erik Norlander (Rocket Scientists, Lana Lane), Jens Johansson (Malmsteen, Stratovarius) and Gary Wehrkamp (Shadow Gallery). The all-star line-up of singers on the album is awesome: Russell Allen (Symphony X), Damian Wilson (Threshold), Floor Janson (After Forever) and Dan Swano (Edge of Sanity, Nightingale) provide the vocals. The four very different singers makes this disc all the more enjoyable. Most of the songs on Space Metal are based on science fiction movies. The four singers are included on every song portraying many of the characters from the movies that the songs are based on. 1. "Lift-Off" - "Lift-Off" is the intro to track two. It sets the mood with a mystical, space rock instrumental that begins quietly enough but... 2. "Set Your Controls" - ...explodes into guitar and keyboard fury. Russell Allen comes in, his powerful vocals leading the way followed by Damian Wilson's high vocals. Both singers trade off on leads. With it's furious guitar, bombastic keys, heavy rhythms and powerful vocal melodies, the tone is set. This good song would've easily fit on Ayreon's Flight of the Migrator. 3. "High Moon" - "High Moon" is based on the movie Outland and is one of my favorites on the disc. Like most of the songs, this tune could have fit on Flight of the Migrator and has similarities to the FOTM songs "To the Quasar" and "Out of the Whitehole". 4. "Songs of the Ocean" - Based on Star Trek IV, the fourth track on Space Metal boasts engaging vocal melodies and is a good retelling of the 1987 movie. Dan Swano is especially good hear as he sings the part of the "science officer". This is my favorite song on Space Metal and it reminds me of the Ayreon songs "Across the Rainbow Bridge" "Isis and Osiris", and "The Garden of Emotions"(all from Into the Electric Castle). 5. "Master of Darkness" - Based on 1977's Star Wars, "Master of Darkness" isn't quite as melodically engaging as most of the songs on Space Metal. But what it lacks in great vocal melodies it more than makes up for with some really cool guitar and bass rhythms. 6. "The Eye of Ra" - This track starts off slow and calm and then builds, and eventually explodes. "The Eye of Ra" is sort of a cross between Ayreon's "When the Druids Turn Stone" (from The Dream Sequencer) and "Into the Black Hole" (Flight of the Migrator). Based on the movie Stargate, this song is one of the best on the disc. 7. "Sandrider"- "Sandrider", based on the movie Dune, is Dan Swano's song as the deep-voiced singer sings most of the leads here. More bombast and power is prevalent. Good tune. 8. "Perfect Survivor" - This song is a bit slower than most of the songs on Space Metal. Dan Swano and Damian Wilson sing most of the leads. "Perfect Survivor" is based on the movie Alien and it is a good song that reminds me of Ayreon's 2000 disc The Dream Sequencer. 9. "Intergalactic Space Crusaders" - This song is based on the British sci-fi TV series Blake's Seven. Damian Wilson and Russell Allen go back and forth as the two characters they're portraying argue. This back and forth makes comparisons to Ayreon's "The Decision Tree (We're Alive)" (from Into the Electric Castle) easy as it is reminiscent of the back and forth the Barbarian and Highlander characters had on that song. One of the best songs on Space Metal. 10. "Starchild" - "My House on Mars" (from Ayreon's The Dream Sequencer) immediately comes to mind when the song first begins. Ayreon's 1996 disc is also brought to mind as the melodies remind me of the melodies present on Actual Fantasy. Images of the Actual Fantasy songs "Farside of the World" and "Forevermore" are conjured here. Good, epic song. The limited edition double CD version contains a bonus disc that includes a medley of Hawkwind songs, two more Star One songs, a cover of David Bowie's "Space Oddity" and two alternate versions of Star One songs. I have the two disc version and it was worth getting. The overall sound and style of Space Metal is a lot like Ayreon's 2000 disc Flight of the Migrator. The bombastic keyboards, the heavy guitars, the space rock elements are all like those from FOTM. Space Metal is also heavily reminiscent of Ayreon's 1998 release Into the Electric Castle because of the many lead singers in each song. Ayreon's Actual Fantasy (1996) is also brought to mind. This is a great album and it is an impressive addition to Arjen Lucassen's already rich legacy easily holding up to Lucassen's best material (Into the Electric Castle and The Final Experiment).     