 Wounded Land, Threshold's first release, is a fantastic progressive metal album in a vein not unlike that of a heavier Shadow Gallery or a darker Ayreon. Psychedelicatessen is Threshold's second offering and it doesn't quite follow Wounded Land's progressive blueprint but, instead, goes off into a more power metal direction. For whatever reasons, Psychedelicatessen is a heavier, more powerful version of Threshold. But is it a better Threshold?   1. "Sunseeker" - The intro to this song opens this album much like the intro to Threshold's debut release, Wounded Land, did: It's ominous and dark, a foreshadowing of things to come. Soon heavy, crunchy guitars explode in sonic fury. The thing that stands out right off is that this song is pretty much straight metal. Sure, the keyboard is present but it is more subdued when compared to Wounded Land. Glynn Morgan, an excellent vocalist, has an edge to his voice that his predecessor Damian Wilson never had (even though I prefer Wilson). We are off to a good start. 2. "A Tension of Souls" - A more progressive outing this time but the emphasis is on the "metal" part and it's metal packed with thunder and plenty of bite. Keyboards are present but, again, they are subdued. "A Tension of Souls" is unusually structured, so it's difficult to predict where this song will take you the first time you here it. Good song. 3. "Into the Light" - This is a much softer song than the previous two. Morgan shows his ability to fit the music just right with his vocals and does so effectively. Sure, this slower and more relaxed track is, overall, much lighter than what we've heard so far but it still has it's heavy moments. It's an interesting contrast. Unfortunately, this long song starts to lose it's cohesion toward the end and seemingly dwindles, stumbles and finally finishes on a weak note making this an average song. 4. "Will to Give" - Nice! We are introduced to this song with a "bouncy" bass solo which is soon joined by crunchy guitar work. I really like the music here but the vocal melodies lose me quickly. Too bad, really, this song could've been great. 5. "Under the Sun" - A soft piano starts this song off and Morgan's vocals are very beautiful and soft and the music is very symphonic at times. Acoustic guitar joins in later and even an organ as the song finishes. Nice song. 6. "Babylon Rising" - A cool Savatage-like guitar riff opens this tune and the guitar work maintains this quality throughout. This is a nice heavy track, but I tire quickly of Threshold's politically correct, anti-mankind, anti-capitalist lyrics that they are so fond of. But I'll live. 7. "He Is I Am" - Good, heavy song but the vocal melodies are a bit rigid and I'm feeling as though I'm being hypnotized. The guitar work is as heavy throughout and this is nice. The keys are present but subtle. I do like this development at this point of Threshold's career. Too many bands push the keyboards too far to the front (Dream Theater's Scenes From A Memory is a good example of keys that are way too prominent and what I don't like to hear from keyboard players). Though it has many strong points, this song loses it's way toward the end. 8. "Innocent" - Dark and powerful, that is what this song is in essence and though it is slow at first, it builds as it goes. Good track. 9. "Devoted" - This is a song that alternates between heavier and less-heavier parts. The opening blasts you with blistering guitar crunch, the middle section is symphonic and very soft and the ending kicks up the power again. This song actually is similar to some of Queensryche's heavier stuff in spots (think "I Am I" from Promised Land). "Devoted" is a solid song overall. 10. "Lost" - Remember "Keep It With Mine" from Wounded Land? This song is it's cousin: Soft, beautiful, short and symphonic. 11. "Intervention" - I love songs that have ominous openings and then explode into heavy metal thunder. "Intervention" isn't always heavy, though, and alternates from heavy to soft throughout. Solid song (though perhaps a bit too long) and more than any other tune on this album, it reminds me of Threshold's overall approach on Wounded Land.    Similar bands to Threshold as heard on Psychedelicatessen? I don't know, maybe a heavier, less progressive Dream Theater or a heavier, less progressive Shadow Gallery; this is a hard album to make comparisons to. I'll admit it, I was disappointed with this release. I wanted something a bit more like Wounded Land. Similar to the debut or not, I think Psychedelicatessen just isn't as strong overall. It's good but not great. I know Threshold fans are divided on Psychedelicatessen; either it's considered Threshold's best studio release (they have five studio albumsas of this writing) or it's considered their weakest (but still good). Make of that what you will. Those who prefer power over progressive will probably like this one more than Wounded Land.     