 Although I find the main conclusions drawn in this book to be flawed, there is still enough thought provoking discussion to make it a worthwhile read. The most interesting premise discusses cultural evolution and  human history as a progression toward deeper and vaster social complexity.  After examining the progression of human history, the author observes a correlation between this increased social complexity and human cooperation. Human history shows us plenty of evidence to support Hobbs' view of human nature and this is illustrated time and again even in what we might have considered the most enlightened of cultures and societies of the past.  Hobbs view of human nature is implied although not explicitly credited.  Given that human nature is basically selfish and self-interested, a way for humans to  cooperate is for them to gain from the cooperation -- or at least, not to loose from the cooperation.  This is where game theory enters. Human beings are seen as playing games of survival.  The game of "I win, you loose" has been played throughout history, but not exclusively.  Economic, scientific and technological development seem to require that people, villages, and nations play "win-win" games.  These would be non-zero-sum games where there is no loser, only winners.  When people trade goods for other goods, each gets something they want or need.  These interactions are seen as the basis for developing complex societies, which would not be possible with zero-sum games of my win is your loss. Another premise about human destiny espoused in this book is that regardless of the progress and retrogression of human culture in different regions of the world at any given time in history, cultural evolution in the long run continues to progress toward increasing complexity and all that this implies from the above discussion.  There is no way that we can regress back to a state of hunter-gatherers.  Even when Europe was plunged into its darkest period of cultural stagnation of the early Middle Ages, China and the Near East flourished and cultural evolution continued unabated in other regions of the planet. Whether individual rulers or empires flourished or perished, is seen as being almost irrelevant because history marches on and others will be left to pick up the banner where they left off.  If the inventor of the wheel had died at birth, then no doubt eventually someone else would have come along to make the discovery.  Technological and scientific discoveries might be inevitable regardless of who the particular engineer or scientist might be.  The self expression of literature and art do not work that way, but also are not tied to our physical survival. The book could have stopped here but instead it seems to unwittingly enter into ages-old philosophical dilemmas.  Adopting Aristotelian principles of causality and applying them to a larger view of the world does nothing to remedy the inherent philosophical weaknesses and dilemmas raised by such notions.  To say that a poppy seed's destiny is to become a poppy and then apply this reasoning to human destiny is logically and philosophically flawed. As if this were not enough, we next step deep into the primordial mud of theology and the design arguments for God's existence.  The author leaves the impression that he is oblivious to the philosophical literature surrounding such arguments, and therefore, leaves the impression that he has ventured in way over his head.     