 We now live in the Age of Information.  The protection of information transmission from interception and use by unintended recipients might be the most important issue during our lifetimes.     This book tells us where we were, where we are, and where we are going with the protection of information.  The history of encryption of information has been the history of code makers and code breakers fighting to get the upper hand.  We explore the Caesar shift and the Vigenre square to RSA encryption and quantum cryptography.     Monoalphabetic substitution ciphers are rather easily deciphered using frequency analysis of the most often used letters of the plaintext language.  Polyalphabetic ciphers such as the Vigenre square require longer text to break, but eventually the keyword is discernable and the rest of the message is decipherable.  Although the onetime pad cipher is absolutely secure, it suffers from a practical and logistical problem of random key generation and key distribution.     The German Enigma machine of WWII provides an example of mechanized machine encryption.  This inspired the Allies to construct the first programmable computer in 1943, named Colossus.  It is interesting to note that the very machine that would be the first computer of the Information Age was itself created to decrypt information.     Presently, our data transactions can be protected with a system of asymmetric cryptography, known as RSA, also known as a form of public key cryptography.  With a sufficiently large number derived from the factor of two prime numbers, RSA is presently impregnable.     Thanks to Phil Zimmermann, in 1991 his program incorporating RSA and called Pretty Good Privacy, or PGP, was posted on the internet as freeware.  We can now encrypt messages and send digital signatures using certification authorities with a high degree of security.     The greatest threat to our privacy seems to be from our own government restricting or weakening the use of encryption.  This is where policy questions and politics becomes an issue.  Do we side with privacy of individuals?  Or do we side with law enforcement?     According to the author, whatever the decision today, it can be changed tomorrow to accommodate changing circumstances.  Personally, I prefer not to give up any privacy rights at any time.  Restoring rights to citizens once those rights are surrendered is probably as difficult a task as repealing the income tax laws.  If I am not mistaken, the U.S. federal income tax was proposed as a temporary measure for generating  government revenue in 1918.     The holy grail of cryptography is quantum cryptography.  Although quantum computers and quantum cryptography are only theoretical ideas, if quantum cryptography becomes a reality, then a truly unbreakable system of encryption would exist.     