 This has to be one of the most brilliant books I have ever read.  If you have never experienced intellectual duhkha in your life, read this book.  This is a fascinating explanation of the universe from its birth to its death.  It puts in perspective that there is no escaping the ultimate end to everything.  Eventually, the universe, as we know it, will simply cease to exist.      In the beginning was the Primordial Era, when antimatter annihilated almost completely with most of the matter in the big bang.  The small residue of matter left behind is what makes up the universe of today.     We are now living in the middle of the Stelliferous Era, which is a time period when stars are actively forming, living, and dying.  This is the period in which all galaxies, stars and planets form.  The authors even include here an interesting discussion of extraterrestrial life and the possible number of habitable planets within our own galaxy.     The third era is called the Degenerate Era, when the stars have exhausted all their hydrogen gas and nuclear reaction has ceased.  The white dwarf stars and neutron stars that remain dissipate into radiation as protons and neutron decay.     The stars which were large enough to develop into black holes, instead of white dwarfs and neutron stars, will be all that is left during the Black Hole Era.  Although the mass and gravity are so great that even light cannot escape, black holes emit heat energy.  This process of black hole evaporation is named Hawking radiation and eventually the black holes in the universe will also dissipate.     The final period is the Dark Era.  The authors investigate the possible scenarios for our expanding universe.  If the universe is open, then it will continue to expand.  A closed universe is expanding at a continually slower rate and eventually gravity pulls everything back together into a big crunch.  If the universe is flat it will expand like a closed universe, but then will eventually stop.     The investigation ends with a discussion of a possible phase transition where the universe changes its  physical composition and the laws of nature to be something else.  Or there could be a birth of a child universe.  Or our universe might be just one small part of a multiverse having a different space-time continuum and different laws of nature. This is not science fiction.  It is written by two prominent astrophysicists, Fred Adams and Greg Laughlin.  I highly recommend this book to any thinking mind.     