 I didn't think it was possible to find a recent Regency release as powerful, emotional and character-driven as Carla Kelly's "The Wedding Journey."  Then I read "Prospero's Daughter."   I should start by refuting the synopsis on the back of the novel.  It states that Miranda Runyon is "recovering from a carriage accident."  But it's more like WASTING AWAY after a carriage accident.  She has been sheltered in her room for over 3 years, shunned by her family, crippled, paralyzed and scarred.  Her family is quite embarrased by her existence--they never even see her.  She's no more than a ghost in the Palfry house.  More or less, Miranda has given up on life.   Then Morgan Pearce enters her life, uprooting everything about her quiet, sheltered, structered (and lonely) life.  He is visiting the Palfry house to offer advice on General Palfry's written memoirs.  By chance, he meets Miss Runyon in the garden--a bitter woman in a Bath Chair.  After their fateful meeting, he takes it upon himself to open her up to the possibilities in life.  The results are slow, but delightful to read.  Over time, Morgan starts to reawaken her mind.  Her body.  Her spirit.  Her heart. I save my 5-star ratings for books like this.  If I could, I'd give it 6 stars.  Heck, I'd give it SEVEN stars.  In my eyes, "Prospero's Daughter" is virtually flawless.  I felt the emotions of the characters, and they tugged at my heartstrings 'til the very end.  The characters go through amazing (yet believable) transitions.  I loved Miranda: her spirit, her feelings, her dry wit.  Morgan is the hero of my dreams.  Their interactions kept me laughing, crying, gasping, and smiling.  At times, I wanted to cheer for them.  At times, I wanted to SCREAM for them.  The antagonist of the novel is quite unique, and there is a mysterious subplot that slowly unfolds.  Upon finishing the book, I felt a void.  I have no more words to discribe what a wonderful experience this novel is.  I am in sheer awe of Ms. Butler's talents.     