 In "One True Love" (by Alice Holden) veterinarian Daniel Nealy is charmed by spinster Kate Hamilton.  He helps her get a job as the governess of a weathly family.  The poor spinster suddenly receives flattering attentions from her employer's handsome brother, Lord Percy.  But gentle Daniel Nealy is also falling for her.  Which man will come out on top?  And whose intentions are honorable?  This was a nice story, but I was disappointed by how the "other" guy turned out.  For a good portion of the story, I really liked him.  Why does one suitor always have to be a cad?  3 1/2 stars. In "The Husband Hunt" (by Kate Huntington), Everard Montgomery's young brother comes home with a foreign bride, thereby jilting the fiance who has waited for him for years.  Everard goes to meet Lady Linnea, now pennliess, to break the news about his brother's sudden marriage.  Together, she and Everard go to London in search of another husband for the jilted Linnea.  ...But perhaps Everard himself is the best candidate?  This is a sweet story, filled with wit and romance.  4 stars. In "Trusting Lady Lucy" (by Laura Paquet) Lady Lucinda is always making a fool of herself around playwright Stephen Charlton.  First, he overhears her criticizing one of his plays.  Then, he is witness to her not-so-delicate fall into a pond.  Stephen finds himself thinking about Lucinda a lot--and he takes her criticism to heart.  Perhaps she can help him write a better play?  I didn't really enjoy this one.  First of all, it was clogged with characters from Paquet's former novels--none of which I have read.  I found it very distracting.  Secondly, I didn't really like the heroine.  I thought Lucinda was overly critical of Stephen. If someone made so many shameless suggestions about MY work, I wouldn't want to have anything to do with them.  1 1/2 stars (the extra half-star being for the sprinkling of wit) Overall, a decent read.  It's not my favorite anthology, and I probably won't remember any of the stories a year from now.  Still, reading it was a pleasant pasttime.     