 Harriet Whitlow has a secret.  Ever since her come out, she's been in love with her friend, George Clasby.  But Mr. Clasby is a rake, completely unacceptable for a respectable girl like Harriet.  Her father would not approve, even if Clasby DID think of her as more than a friend.    George Clasby knows his reputation is less than spotless, but he wants to reform.  To do so, he recruits the help of his friend, Harriet Whitlow.  If the ton sees him in the company of Harriet, perhaps some of her respectability will rub off on him?  Over time, Harriet piques his interest in other ways.  But Clasby doesn't stand a chance, as Harriet's father seems determined to marry his daughter off to a pompous earl named Lord Grafton.  Harriet is determined to win Clasby's heart, and to shake off the attentions of Lord Grafton... even if that means resorting to drastic measures.  I was looking forward to "Miss Whitlow's Turn", as it has characters from two of Mindel's previous novels, "Miranda's Mistake" and "Kiss of a Highwayman."  I was looking forward to Clasby and Harriet's story, and it does not disappoint.  It's a very enjoyable book, thanks to Jenna Mindel's breezy dialogue and strong storytelling.  Some readers might think the book's pacing is slow, but I didn't.  However, there were a few incidents that didn't really settle well with me.  Harriet, a supposed "paragon of virtue", puts herself in scandalous situations SEVERAL times throughout the book, and Mindel didn't even acknowlege all of them.  I might be nitpicking, but I don't think it was acceptable behavior for a girl in the Regency period to slip off to a bachelor's town house.  Harriet is a compelling character, but I think the reader was supposed to believe she was virtuous, but we're shown something entirely different.  All in all, I would definitely recommend it for anyone looking for a light, entertaining book.  If you enjoy this, and you haven't read them, you should certainly read Mindel's other books.  My personal favorite was "Kiss of the Highwayman."     