 In the first story, "A Mostly Unlikely Papa" (by Maria Greene), Allegra Rutherford's carriage breaks down on the road.  Unfortunately, her baby isn't going to wait.  Jack Hollister, Earl of Roche, comes to her rescue.  He alone delivers her baby... and the sight of the newborn changes the rogue's outlook on life.  He starts to develop feelings for Allegra--and then his mistress claims to be pregnant with HIS baby!  ...This was the only story I didn't enjoy.  However, it is simply written and it ends well.  2 Stars. In Victoria Hinshaw's "The Muddled Matchmakers," Hugh Grayson is a widower with a young daughter.  Dawn Neville is a widow with a little son.  Two unlikely matchmakers (their fathers!) try their hand at forming a love match between the two.  Then Dawn and Hugh figure out what's going on and decide to pretend their fathers' ploy is working...  And I really liked this one.  It was funny.  It was sweet.  The children were cute, and there was always something happening.  There's a nice mix of humor, adventure and romance.  4 Stars. In "A Father's Love", widower James Martindale moves to a small country village, hoping it'll be a good place to raise his children.  But his children are the very reason he has become an outcast!  Jacob, in particular.  Young Jacob, James's son, is an enigma.  The boy is silent, withdrawn, and seems to live in his own world.  (I believe he is autistic--but they didn't have a term for it back then).  Theresa Barclay is a respected woman--even if she does meddle in people's lives.  Theresa, a spinster by choice, sets out to make James and his children acceptable by the townspeople.  ...As far as short stories go, this one's a real winner.  For being just 90 pages long, it was REALLY well-developed.  The characters were fully fleshed-out, there were sweet moments, and Jacob's condition was handled really well.  The story really hit home.  Donna Simpson is one of my favorite Regency authors.  She very rarely disappoints, and this is no exception!  5 Stars. Overall, it's a very good anthology.  This is a collection of sweet stories--it's light reading that's worthy of your time.     