 If you purchase this book, you likely know what you're getting: a collection of 5 Christmas stories by top-selling Regency authors.  And this collection, like others of its kind, does not disappoint.  The first story, "Upon a Midnight Clear", is a follow-up to one of Amanda McCabe's earlier novels.  The story would be made more rewarding if you take the time to read "A Loving Spirit."  The short story is about Antoinette, the Jamaican woman who went to England with her friend (who found her love in "A Loving Spirit"). Antoinette nearly faces the prospect of a lonely Christmas--until fate intervenes and lands her in the company of a scarred ex-soldier who is just as lonely as she is.  4 stars for this one.  "The Ultimate Magic" by Allison Lane is also a follow-up to a previous novel ("Emily's Beaux").  In this story, governess Edith Knolton is chaperoning a troublesome young girl.  Edith  hopes to catch the eye of the man who has already caught hers.  I thought there were too many characters in this one, especially in the beginning, and it was difficult to follow--even though I had read "Emily's Beaux."  I give it a somewhat disappointing 2 stars.  In Edith Layton's "Two Dancing Daughters", a penniless ex-soldier is hired to keep an eye on a man's daugthers.  The ex-soldier finds one of the daughters especially intriguing...  The story itself was intriguing, but it didn't seem to have a lot to do with Christmas.  Also, there could have been more interaction between the two leads.  2 1/2 stars.  "The Enchanted Earl" by Barbara Metzger was my favorite of the bunch.  In the story, a widow seeks out a magician to entertain guests at her Christmas party.  Instead, she conjures REAL wizards and REAL magic... including an odd, old half-mage named Spinrod.  This is exactly kind of story one hopes to read when they pick up something called "Regency Christmas Magic."  It was fun, light, atypical, and is riddled with the Barbara Metzger's humor.  Metzger proves to be just as adept at writing fantasy as she as at writing romance.  5 stars.  In "The Green Gauze Gown" by Sandra Heath, a widow with two sons moves back to England... and reunites with the man she's always loved.  A scheming sister, missing letters, and a green gown are a few of the elements they must face.  I enjoyed this story, particularly the hero, a bespeckled man with a limp.  I give it 3 1/2 stars.  I beg to differ with the other reviewer.  I think this book is well worth your while.  Barbara Metzger's story alone makes it worth the price.  If you're looking for pleasant, light reading for the holiday season, look no furthur.     