 When a friend arranges for her to set sail from the coast of Devon, Lydia Peartree is expecting a one-day joyride.  She is also expecting something different in the captain, who she accidently mistakes for a scarred old seaman. But Captain Matthew Frobisher is much, much more than she expected.  She becomes intrigued by Matthew's pirate-like appearance and adventurous spirit.  And it's a big surprise to learn he's a schoolmaster... he's training young men to become spies!   Lydia, the daughter of a Russian princess, is also something of a surprise to Matthew.  She is much more willful than he ever expected.  Together (with the young spies-in-training), they embark on a venture beyond their wildest dreams. I was really looking forward to this book, because Nancy Butler is one of my favorite Regency writers.  ...And I stress the word REGENCY.  There is a big difference between a "mainstream historical romance" and a "regency romance."  I have read many books from both genres, and I've come to appreciate the charm and sweetness of a Regency more than I enjoy the escapades and (for lack of a better word) smut of a Historical.  Despite the time period similarity, this book, "Castaway Hearts" is definitely more like a mainstream historical romance.  I've read a few Signet "Super" Regencies, and the "Super" usually refers to the extra 80-or-so pages.  That is not the case with this book. There is also a pointed difference between these characters and the typical charming, society-minded Regency characters. Matthew Frobisher is an often-overbearing Alpha male who intrigues Lydia with his brusque attitude.  Lydia is a former darling of society who COMPLETELY shirks proprieties.  These two fall in love very quickly, and their romance heats up very fast.  In terms of romance, it left something to be desired. I suppose it all amounts to preference.  I prefer Regencies.  This book did not transport me to the Regency world, nor was it enfused with the depth and insight I've come to expect from Nancy Butler.  If I judge it against the mainstream historicals I've read, this book gets 3 1/2 stars.  There were enough fights and rescues to satisfy any adventure fan.  ...Personally, the thing I liked about this book the most were the young spies-in-training.  One, in particular, stole my heart.  If Gilbert Marriot isn't the star of his own story, I will be distraught.     