 Miss Laura Endicott lives alone in Cornwall--on the large, dreary estate of Endicott Keep.  She is described as a recluse and a gentle soul.  Her family is supposedly descended from a powerful witch, and Laura has a way with animals.  Not long ago, an old gypsy woman told Miss Endicott she'd marry a man named "Julian".  The only Julian she knows is Lord Sandhurst, Viscount Sandhurst: her neighbor, whose land marches with her own. Laura always thought she WOULD marry Julian... but then she finds a wounded stranger on her land.  This stranger calls himself "Strider Hunt," and he turns her world upside down: through stolen kisses and mysterious secrets.  Laura cares for Mr. Hunt and nurses him back to health.   I admit that Maria Greene is not one of my favorite writers.  I didn't enjoy her last book, "The Ashcroft Curse."  But Laura, who was a secondary character in "Ashcroft," was the best thing about that book.  That's why I was eager to get my hands on this one.  However, I was **terribly** disappointed.  In "The Ashcroft Curse", Laura was incredibly sweet, gentle, innocent and... I likened her to a "Regency Snow White".  In THIS book, Laura was like that... but only for the first 100 pages.   After the first 100 pages, she had suddenly transformed into an unfeeling, tart-tongued girl who wished harm on our Hero.  (In a particulary low moment, she even pinches his wounded arm).  She insults him--and I don't think she was justified in the least.  Throughout the book, SHE'S the one who puts HERSELF in compromising situations.   I simply don't understand what happened to the lovely, tender-hearted version of Laura.  She disappeared before I reached the middle of the novel.  And I was very disappointed in the villain.  In "The Ashcroft Curse", our villain seemed rather pleasant. I didn't want him to be as bad as he was.   Laura admittedly "loathes" the hero for 200 pages of the novel.  She suddenly "loves" him when she finds out who he REALLY is.  (And it's good news).  In my eyes, it made her look even worse--like she had a change of heart after finding out he's more than he seems.  UGH!  Needless to say, I didn't find the romance convincing. I gave it two stars because... well... I finished it.  Other than that, "Lord Sandhurst's Surprise" was a total disappointment.  I would actually recommend reading "The Ashcroft Curse" AFTER you read "Lord Sandhurst's Surprise."  I think it would be more enjoyable in reverse order.     