 I should start by saying that "Rachel's Change of Heart" is a sequel to "Pamela's Second Season," and also includes characters from "A Country Courtship."  I had tried to read "Pamela's Second Season" when it was first released, but I put it aside.  In that particular book, I felt left out--because the characters from the prequel were just as important as the main characters.  That's why I put it aside.  That is not the case with "Rachel's Change of Heart."  Had you not read either of its predecessors, you could still enjoy it. Now, the plot:  Rachel Neville is a veritable ice princess.  She is beautiful and ladylike--a diamond of the first water.  She is cool, emotionally aloof, and incredibly proper.  Her fiance, Yarnell, is very much like her--and she certainly doesn't love him.  And she never loved Colin Varens, the suitor she rejected many times in the past. Colin, on the other hand, has loved Rachel for years.  He had proposed to her every year, but the love was always unrequited.  In need of an emotional outlet, he takes up boxing.  And while his spinster sister, Andromeda, has always been against the sport--he finds that he is getting very good at it.  And he begins to accept the fact that he and Rachel will never be together. The first half of the novel deals with Rachel and Yarnell, her fiance.  There is very little interaction between Rachel and Colin until the second half.  However, we learn a lot about Andromeda during that time--who provides a very interesting secondary romance.  In fact, I was often MORE interested in Andromeda's subplot, and wanted to hear more about her escapades. Andromeda's romance was a change from the norm. As the novel progresses, Rachel's cool demeanor begins to thaw.  In fact, her character makes a complete turn-around.  Colin was an interesting hero.  He is unattractive, domineering, and utterly masculine.  And while BOTH characters frustrated me at times, they were enjoyable to read about.  I wanted to see them prevail. I did enjoy the book, and I give it a 3 1/2 star rating.  Two little problems I had: 1) The repeated use of such blunt words as "homely", "ugly" and "hideous."  2) The epilogue.  In my opinion, parts of it could have been omitted.  That aside, I really liked the book.  However, I'm still waiting for another masterpiece by Donna Simpson.  She hasn't written anything as wonderful and moving as her first book, "Lord St. Claire's Angel."     