 Lucy Winthrop, a spinster and a governess of 10 years, has dreamed of opening up a school for girls.  Though she has been recently dismissed, she has also stumbled onto a bit of good fortune.  Due to this good fortune, she is able to turn down the position as Lord Granville's governess (he is a widower with 3 young children). John Weston, Lord Granville, is shocked when Lucy rejects his offer of fifty pounds her annum.  He is equally shocked when Miss Winthrop shows up at his door, wondering if his offer still stands.  Poor Lucy Winthrop's luck just ran out, and Granville reluctantly gives her the position.  As it turns out, Miss Winthrop is the best governess he's ever had.   As Lucy comes to know more about the children, she discovers how much they crave their neglectful father's attention.  After Lucy goes a great service for Lord Granville, he jokingly offers her 3 wishes.  But just what will Lucy wish for...? I just LOVED this book.  If I could give it 6 stars, I most definitely would.  I loved everything about it.  Lucy was an excellent heroine, and I could relate to her feelings.  I loved Lord Granville, and the tension between the 2 characters is to-die-for.  Shirley Kennedy's character developement was positivley superb!!  I loved the subplot with the children.  I loved the subplot with Regina, Lord Granville's invalid sister.  (Her secondary romance was worthy of its own story!)  Every character added to the story.  Lord Granville's mother was despicable.  Miss Winthrop's sister was a delight.  I loved how the author wove in the "wishes."  I can't remember the last time I read such a well-crafed piece of work.  From the time I opened it, to the time I finished it... I could hardly put it down!  The ending was one of the sweetest and most fulfilling.  I nearly cried at the end!  I have a weakness for governess stories, and this one was undoubtedly one of the best I've read.  (It's one of the best Regencies I've read this year!) In short, this novel comes highly recommended.  It's a very "feel good" story.     