 In "Father Christmas," the Duke of Ware needs an heir.  However, he has been married twice, and he has no desire to find wife number three.  At his worst, he decides to appeal to his cousin's widow.  Ware wants to raise one of her twin boys as his own... but not if she has anything to say about it!  Graceanne cannot believe the duke's insolence, and she gives him quite a reprimand.  As she gets to know him, she realizes he might not be so awful as she originally thought.  I didn't really care for the book, which is a shame, because I am a big Metzger fan.  It was lacking the sort of wit Barbara Metzger has perfected over the years.  Actually, I didn't care for Ware.  He was either rude or bland--or both.  Not to mention, the pacing was a bit tedious.  2 1/2 stars.    I enjoyed the second book, "Christmas Wishes" a bit more.  When the rakish Lord St. Cloud runs into Juneclaire, he has been robbed by highwaymen, and she is running away from home.  They travel together to London, and he finds himself attracted to the young girl... though he would never seduce an innocent.  When they spend a night in the stables together, he wants to do what is right by the girl... but she flees.  St. Cloud is determined to find her.  This is a 3-star book, a little less refined (you are NOT on the shelf at 19!) than "Father Christmas," but a little more interesting.  One of my biggest pet peeves in romance novels is when the hero and heroine don't interact for a large portion of the book.  That happens here.  I thought Juneclaire and St. Cloud were using pet names WAY too soon--which, in the Regency time period, would have been outrageous.  And it's never a good sign when the pig is your favorite character.  Still, the books are pleasant enough.  They hardly deal with Christmas, though, as Christmas is just a side note in each book.  However, I'm still a very big Metzger fan, especially of her recent work.  I really liked her story in "Regency Christmas Magic."  Metzger is a pro at light and witty, like she is in "Primrose Path" and "Snowdrops and Scandalbroth."  If those two novels were paired for a re-release, I would do cartwheels for it.     