 In "Child of Her Heart", governess Caroline Morton returns home after 5 years abroad. Her charming French charge, Marguerite, injures her arm--and reunites Caroline with her former fiance. Reynaud (or "Reynie," as Caroline used to call him) has missed Miss Morton, and must convince her that they are meant to be together--with a little bit of help from Marguerite. But first, Caroline must learn to accept her past... This story receives 4 stars from me. Interactions between Reynaud & Marguerite were sweet, and the characters were warm and convincing. In "Rescuing Captain Rocher", French sea captain Bastien Rocher finds he knows nothing about giving his daughter a proper come-out. His neighbor, Lady Anne Westhaven, is growing quite frustrated with her troublesome son. And while they don't get along at first, Rocher & Lady Westhaven eventually decide to join forces. Anne will chaperone his daughter, and the captain will give her son the disciplining he needs. ...Actually, I didn't really like this story. Within 20 pages, I think Anne & Marie (Bastien's daughter) had wept about 6 times. I prefer my heroines to have a bit more backbone. Also, I thought Bastien's character was fairly inconsistent. The only redeeming factor was the interesting brother-sister relationship between Marie & Matthew Westhaven (the son). 1 1/2 stars from me. In "A Mother at Heart", Julius Sutton never expected to be an earl. And he never expected his mother, who abandoned him 22 years ago, to show up at his doorstep. Since he stumbled into his fortune, Julius has had to deal with several money-hungry "supposed" relatives--none of which he believes. This woman is no different, he is convinced. She AND her pretty companion, Miss Charity Smith, are out to dupe him... even if the pretty chit is one of the most desirable females he's ever met. I give this story 4 stars as well. The ending was surprising and touching and very sweet. I would've liked to read it as a full-length novel, however. The cover & title of the novel are a bit misleading. The picture represents none of the stories.  And only one lead female is actually a "mama." Overall, the book is worth your time. Mostly sweet, cute & enjoyable. If you're looking for a quick, noncommital read--this is a good choice.     