 Kittie Douglas, a widow for 4 years and companion to Lady Eliza, is happy to find out Eliza's nephew will be visiting their Yorkshire estate. Over the years, Kittie has read his letters to his aunt, and she is intrigued by the very thought of him. She wants to meet the man whose late wife abandoned him. Could he really be so bad?    The Duke of Alban was hoping for a peaceful visit with his aunt, who he hasn't seen in 3 years. He and a few hanger-on friends travel to Yorkshire. But there are a few things Alban didn't expect. He did not know his aunt's companion was a beautiful widow, and he didn't know his aunt was blind. The duke has never desired a woman like he desires Kittie. Unfortunately, his friend, Lord Orkenay, has also set his sights on her.    Eventually, someone makes an offer that changes everything...    "The Duke and Mrs. Douglas" had its good points and bad points. I liked Kittie. She was willful and opinionated, but hardly overbearing. Those expecting a light-hearted Regency should look elsewhere, as this book is somewhat dark, and deals with some very serious issues. I also liked the fact that the characters were at least a decade older than the average romance characters. It was a refreshing change of pace.    Now, the bad points. I didn't care for the Duke of Alban. I thought he was rude, bold and prying. I don't think his interest in Kittie ever extended beyond physical attraction, and I certainly can't imagine why she liked him. In terms of romance, it was lacking. I thought some of the "secondary" plots were more interesting, though slighted. I was more interested in Kittie's friend's dalliance with a younger man. I would have liked to see more of Alban's saintly friend, Mr. Norton. The central characters often left something to be desired.    Overall, it's very average. In the past, I've read better from Donna Simpson. The book is somewhat weak, but it does deliver in certain areas. For instance, I was COMPLETELY blindsided by a twist in the end.     