 Though Captain Randall has cared for her as his own, Marian Randall has just received the shock of a lifetime... her father is NOT the kindly army surgeon.  Rather, she is the illegitimate daughter of General Grimsby.  Marian, who has spent most of her time caring for wounded men on the Spanish Pennisula, now finds herself shipped off to London to unite with her real father's family. War hero Adam Lyonbridge feels honor-bound to his commanding general.  For that reason, he agrees to escort Marian to her new home.  Though he's intrigued by Marian's strong will & spirit, there's nothing he can do about it.  Adam is engaged to the General's other daughter, Isabella Grimsby. For the life of them, Isabella and Adam cannot get along.  They practically hate each other.  Isabella harbors a secret... one that ultimately alters the course of their lives. On so many levels, this is such a good book.  A few paragraphs to describe it do not do it justice.  I loved Marian's character.  Toward the cataclysmic middle of the book, Marian does something SO selfless, it is impossible not to love her.  Marian's half-sister, Isabella, was something of a surprise.  Though snobby and self-interested, she is also a caring, sentimental person.  Aside from being a story about romantic love, this novel is also about love & acceptance between two new sisters.   As for Adam... at the beginning of the book, he was an overbearing Alpha-male type.  At his worst, he said to Marian, "I could crush your skull between my thumbs."  Having said that to a lady, I wasn't sure his character would ever be redeemed.  He certainly DOES redeem himself.  Tenfold. I can't say enough about this book.  It's fresh, it's surprising (VERY surprising) and it pulls at your heartstrings.  I give it 4 1/2 stars.  I would love to give it a solid 5-star rating, but the first half of the book was somewhat slow, with the first couple of chapters being awkward and jumbled.  (When Marian learned about her new father, it didn't seem natural).  However, the second half of the novel MORE than makes up for the stunted beginning.  I loved the story. I loved the characters (their emotions were very realistic).  I want to see Isabella, for all her faults, get a happy ending.  I hope that is what the author is planning.  Speaking of the author, Kate Huntington is quickly becoming one of my favorites.     