 I have been meaning to write a review for The English Patient, a semi-sequel to In the Skin of a Lion.  I've been reluctant to do so because these two are very much alike with regards to style and characters.  The two characters from In the Skin of a Lion, Hana and Carravagio, are also found in The English Patient.  As always, it's always hard to accept that a sequel of a novel you love so much is as good as, and possibly better, than the original novel.  My mistake here is to think of these two novels as interconnected for The English Patient stands beautifully on its own.   Here we have traumatised characters emerging from the war. Hana is a young nurse who has chosen to stay behind in an abandoned Italian villa to care for a nameless and burnt English patient.  She has chosen to retreat from the world to serve an almost sanctified patient in order to forget her past - the loss of an unborn child, a lover, and her beloved father (Patrick).  The patient Almasy's story begins prewar in a fractured narrative.  His story involves a tragic love affair with the desert and a woman (Katherine).  Then there is Caravaggio - the thief, a spy, an old friend of Hana's father, who has lost his nerve due to the brutality of the war, who finds refuge in Hana's dilapidated villa.  The novel however, is more about theme and character than plot.   Ondaatje has mined these characters beautifully.  He has managed to reveal to us that a life is like a landscape - it can be mapped, explored, and very much loved, but it can remain as much a mystery as when you first discovered it. The curvature and beauty of the desert becomes a symbol for a woman's body and the painting of a Queen becomes meditative relief for a traumatised Sikh during the war.  In this manner, Ondaatje reveals to us the complexity and richness of a life.   It is also a treaty on grief, loss, nationhood and isolation.  All the main characters that populate this novel are outsiders in search of some sense of belonging - Hana is stricken by tragedies and displaced from her homeland Canada; the patient found solitude in the desert; Katherine, a young wife who finds herself among foreigners and men; Kip is a Sikh; Caravaggio - our thief.  Their discovery of each other and the change in their inner lives parallels the realignment and disappearance of national borders.  To each other, they surrender a little bit of their territory by sharing a journey of recovery, and their individual stories.    I will not deny that this novel can be difficult to read and I am not surprise that many people have found the prose too difficult to grasp.  That is reasonable because the cross-cutting of Ondaatje's narrative, his particular style, and the themes he explores do not make for an easy or even entertaining novel.   This novel however, is undeniably one of the best - if not the best - I have ever read.  Ondaatje possesses the kind of mind that feeds on poetry, that finds the profound in the ordinary.  His ability to explore themes through the subtle use of symbols, allegorical examples, and language places him in a league all of his own.  For me, his novels are landscapes and a way of seeing the world that you wish to carry with you always.  I hope that the reader who picks up The English Patient will cherish and love this novel as much as I do.     