 I made a huge mistake when I was reading this novel.  I dismissed it because of the simple vernacular Shields employed.  After all, it is a diary about a very ordinary woman who tells her story in a very structured manner: Birth, Marriage, Love, Sorrow etc.. Daisy Goodwill lived a life demarcated by these significant events.  Given a chance to tell her story, most women would adopt this familiar structure.  The punchline that Shields is able to deliver so unobtrusively is that in hindsight, all these women, like the wonderful Daisy, will wonder whether she had existed at all, to have touched earth, and transform it beyond her very mortal and very chronologically ordered life.   Half-way through this novel, I started to recognise Shields' cunning brilliance.  She has created this intricate fictional biography that includes photos of the fictional characters (some she lifted from her real family, with permission).  Despite these details, Daisy seems to have disappeared from the narrative, even though she is officially the narrator.  Much of what we know about Daisy are from newspaper clippings (announcements of marriage, deaths), letters of correspondence or perspectives given by her children and close friends, but Daisy, she never truly fades as we wondered whether she existed at all.  Daisy is an intangible woman who is trying to make herself real by telling her story but is defeated at the end.  Shields' brilliance as a writer is that she is able to occlude the narrator from us while we are reading her life story.   All through it, I had assumed that Daisy Goodwill's autobiography was called Stone Diaries because her mother was called Mercy Stone.  There is a section in the novel that tells the building of a monument, a memorial built in grief for a beloved, that is made up of stones, but without any cement.  It is created to rest upon itself and to hold itself together without adhesion.  This is a monument of Daisy's life - built from fragments but with structural and emotional gaps in the narrative.  We are never really privy of Daisy's inner life, this character does not adhere to our memories as she never really comes to life.   I read this novel when my grandmother fell into a deep depression.  She went to bed and relinquished herself to sorrow.  She reminded me of Daisy's section on sorrow.  I realised then that I didn't really know my grandmother and that the source of her sadness will only be speculation to us.  Finally, I wondered whether she felt like Daisy and so many women of her generation (and even mine) - that she has disappeared from her own life, her own story.  Perhaps that is why she is grieving.   I recommend this novel because it is a fantastic study in writing.  We often get fooled by aesthetic.  That is, to write a critically acclaimed novel, one must have an epic scope and a mastery of poetry.  Misconceptions! Shields is a fine example of how to say something profound by articulating it with simplicity.  She is a philosopher-writer, an everywoman, and my admiration of her writing grows with every novel.     