 'War and Peace' looks formidable when it is sitting on your desk.  However, the sheer readibility of this delightful historical novel eclipses the volume of the novel.  'War and Peace' reads almost like a serial publication about the military, provincial, and urban life of Russians on the brink of an epic collision with Napoleon's army and the invasion of Moscow by the French in 1812.  The plot does not need rehashing here as I believe that other reviewers have done an excellent job already.   I had initially found the opening chapters of War and Peace to be somewhat archaic, particularly the battle of Austerlitz where generals looked on while their soldiers were slaughtered. Military death appeared to be portrayed with a sense of romanticism and heroics.  This initial assessment was incorrect.  Tolstoy was at the vanguard of modern perceptions about war in the closing chapters.  Kutuzov, the Russian counterpart of Napoleon, was the moral centre of this novel: weary of war and with no lofty ambition for glory but rather, the security of his nation, and a man who respects destiny's hand in deciding the outcome of war.  Kutuzov to me, was the only main character in the novel who understood chiefly, with compassion, the vileness of war but also its necessity.  He was the cusp between the two central theme in the novel - war is needed to achieve peace but the cost is often diminished by the ambition of glory, medals, and renown.  Tolstoy's keen assessment of humanity, the minute mannerisms that gives away a person true intentions, and the incongruous but enlightening details that are peppered throughout the novel marks him as an astute and articulate writer.   Although Tolstoy set out to write a fictional novel set within a historical context, what struck me most about War and Peace was the philosophical examination of what it means to be a good person (Pierre's quest), to love life as well as another person with the greatest depth (Prince Andrei, Princess Maria, and Natasha's journey), and the true mechanism that drives war and history (Kutuzov's battle with Napolean).   I don't feel that my review does War and Peace justice.  It is an epic novel that is surprisingly intimate and empathic because of the way that Tolstoy characterizes the ordinary person in extraordinary circumstances.  I apologize that I may not have covered some of the important themes in the novel as I'm not particularly sophisticated in literature.  I found War and Peace entertaining as well as enlightening and hope that potential readers will overcome their initial aversion due to the size of the novel and embark on this journey.     