 This novel is worth reading for its stylistic merits and subject matter.  It is a simple tale of misfortune and misadventure transformed into legend because of the epic calamity that Lucy's transgression brings.  I don't wish to go into the plot as it has been detailed very well by other reviewers.  There are two extremes that I have noticed in the reviews for The Story of Lucy Gault.  There are those who believe that Trevor has written a symphony about grief and forgiveness and those who have hollered "what's the point?" and bemoan the ridiculous remorse that Lucy clings to for the rest of her life.  I believe that there is merit to both these points of view and the difference would be to ask yourself what kind of reader you are.   Trevor can be appreciated for his sparseness and subtle style.  This novel reads very much like a melancholy ballad.  The beauty of Lahardane, the deep love that the Irish possess for their home and township, is deftly portrayed by Trevor with a few words.  Moreover, this story of remorse and atonement is never heavy-handed.  It is an intelligent and poetic meditation about a life that is resurrected simply to be placed in limbo until some form of forgiveness is given.  I admire Trevor's style because he is able to contain a tale with such complex thematic elements and profundity within 200 odd pages.     On the other hand, some readers will come away from this novel unconvinced by the premise of Lucy's misfortune, nor the choices she makes in order to atone for her 'sins'.  I think in this sense, we commit anachronism - in a time like our's where individual choices and mistakes are easily corrected or forgiveness of oneself can be achieved through a therapist, it is hard to understand why Lucy clings to the belief that her life cannot resume without her parents' forgiveness.  In this sense, Trevor seems to be overly dramatic, portraying an Ireland whose melancholy and pessimism creates its own tragedies.  However, Lucy does not live in a time and place where forgiveness of oneself can be easily achieved and this story stands quite well within its particular era. I believe that Trevor is an incredibly gifted writer whose subtle prose and ability to convey depth of emotions with so few words is a refreshing change from more verbose writers.  His Ireland is lyrical and tragic, and his story of how tragedy begets greater tragedy in the individual who commits a woeful act is conveyed with great skill and execution.  While it is not among the most memorable novels, it is certainly one of the most well-written.     