 I had initially dismissed Middlesex as a freakshow. For what other reason would someone pick up a novel about a hermaphrodite? Having been disenchanted with the more high-brow novels and their lack of entertainment value, I succumbed to Middlesex. As with the Virgin Suicide, Eugenides had me intrigued with his choice of unusual subjects and characters.  The subject in question is one Ms/Mr (Cal)liope Stephanides, a hermaphrodite who is a descendant of complicated intermarriages (including grandparents who were brothers and sisters). The story envelopes more than Cal's life and stretches back to tell the story of her grandparents, their flight from certain death, and the anonymity of migrants that afforded them the freedom to pursue a forbidden romance. Cal's reason for telling the history of her/his family is to demonstrate the persistence of a deficient recessive gene that waited patiently across wars, journeys, and romances, to express itself in the body of an unknowing grandchild (Cal). The interludes such as the massacre in Smyrna and the Detroit riots were well-executed and added a much appreciated historical flavour to the novel.  What is apparent in Middlesex is that this isn't merely a peek into abnormality. Cal and his/her questionable gender identity is also an embodiment of an adolescent in search of an identity, a metaphor for a migrant's displacement from their origin, and the hybridization of culture. Cal was one thing in childhood and by her teens, she discovers she is a he. Like migrants, you are born to be one nationality and then uprooted and assimilated into a new culture. And as an adolescent, the vulnerability and uncertainty of sexual awakening, and the crossroads at which you discover the adult emerging from a child's body, parallels Cal's journey. Migration, race, gender, and sexual awakening, will often ferment in us feelings of being 'freaks', an outsider, and the desperate search to find one's place in the world. Cal is not so extraordinary as he/she emboddies so much of what it is to grow up and to leave behind childhood, and/or nationality, and realise that the world does not remain static, that yourself - your mind and body - can grow and change, assimilate and embrace a new way to live, but oh, what a marvellous journey.  The drawback of Middlesex is that it drags in certain places. It is also uneven in the sense that the grown-up Cal reveals very little about himself, but a great deal of the teenage Calliope. This creates an emotional gulf between the adult narrator and the reader - what is Cal like these days? What happened in the intervening years between his discovery and the commencement of his autobiography?  On the other hand, I love being able to sit back with a novel and be entertained. Eugenides loves eccentric themes and peppers his novels with wry humour. You always receive the impression that here is a writer who loves what he does, and does not agonise over whether he will or will not be critically received. It is a enjoyable yet thought-provoking novel and should be highly commended for its bold and unusual exploration of identity.     