 Please excuse me for being vague but if I go into too much detail, I'll be sure to blurt out a spoiler and ruin the plot for many enthusiastic readers.  Therefore, I will not rehash the plot here.       Here are some aspects about the latest Harry Potter that I quite enjoyed:  1) The progressive darkness engulfing the magical world parallels Harry's coming of age.  This is not unlike the current real world for all the young readers out there.  Rowling appreciates her audience's intelligence and their ability to understand complex issues of politics, violence, injustice, and death.  What I truly admired was that she does not underestimate the kids who read her novels, and introduces controversial subjects such as the diplomatic red tape of governments, propaganda, and unlawful acts by a seemingly lawful government without preaching to her audience (e.g. the Ministry accusing and detaining people the government thinks are Death Eaters although they have no proof, so that they can assure the public that they are winning their battle against Voldemort.  Sounds familiar?). Rowling is aware that the generation she is writing for is living in a turbulent political world and does not shy away from the opportunity to integrate current issues in an interesting and thoughtful format.      2) I've heard too many times, the Church and the Vatican's objection to the dark arts of Harry Potter.  However, in this latest novel, Rowling makes explicit in our trouble times that love is the most powerful weapon.  More powerful than greed, fear, and violence.  Now, that should be a blow against anyone who pursue the idea that Harry Potter could possibly be harmful.  This is a novel that asks children and young adults to be brave and loyal, to use whatever powers they have with compassion and kindness, and most importantly, to love.  I can't imagine better advice.    3) The emotional impact of the latest death.  This was handled with a deft hand, and Rowling made sure that it was heart-wrenchingly painful to say goodbye to one of our beloved characters.  The final blow and the scenes before it were immensely dark and emotional.  She also made apparent that even those who look to be the strongest, wisest, and most impenetrable also suffer from self-doubt, mistakes, and emotional pain when battling against those who wish to defeat them. These aspects are not weaknesses, they are what makes us human and mortal -that is, Rowling has injected her characters with more humanity in this novel than in previous novels.      My final word on Rowling for all the nay-sayers, especially adults who say that it's been done before (often citing the Narnia series) is this:   We all have novels we loved as children and ALL of them have been done before.  They often carry the same theme or plot devices.  However, each generation should have their own series to love and cherish so Harry Potter is their time in the sun.  Moreover, a childhood novel, one that you loved, is like a parent and the characters in them were role models.  I am immensely pleased to have Rowling as a print-form parent for this generation.  Finally, the best critics are the kids who read Harry Potter, not us meddling adult Muggles.  However, if I might say so, she gets four O.W.Ls from me, simply OUTSTANDING.  :)       