 I have read The God of Small Things twice.  The first time, I was merely trying to grasp what the impending doom might be, made explicit from the very beginning of the novel.  My second visit allowed me to take the time to submerge myself into a world that I have missed - Asia - the vividness, the sensuality, and the memory of a child's linguistic universe. Roy's deconstructed plot revolves around Rahel and Estha, two precocious children born into a world where social hierarchies control the destinies of all lives.  Along for the ride is Baby Kochamma, their conniving aunt whose tragic romantic past (or so she sees it) has transformed her into a bitter spinster.  She will play an important role in their downfall.  Their uncle Chacko whose failed intermarriage has exiled him from his beloved daughter, the young Sophie Mol.  Then there is Ammu, the twins' single mother, beautiful, enigmatic, and dangerously defiant of the social customs imposed by Indian society.  Their most beloved friend is Velutha, a servant of the household whose various intellectual and handiwork talent is limited by virtue of his status in the caste system.  The plot primarily encompasses the days leading up to the drowning of Sophie Mol and the discovery of an scandalous secret that destroys various lives.  To tell you anything more would reduce the impact of this novel because this novel isn't really about plot.  It is based on character studies and theme.   Throughout Roy's narrative, you will notice the recurring mention of hierarchies that determine who should be best loved, the values that we impose on a single being's lives by virtue of their birth rights, and the all-encompassing power of love.  From the beginning, the twins, at the age of seven (eight?) are aware that because Sophie Mol is half-white, she is more loved.  It speaks to more than just the caste system in India, or even the post-colonial consequences to native populations.  It explodes the myth that we do not place restrictions on love because we impose it in every society: by class, by economic status, by race, by lineage, when it should not and cannot be pliable to any regulations. Roy's novel is a slow-burning and poetic journey into brutality and passion, and a treaty on the politics that control our personal choices.   A note of Roy's language - she does an excellent job of entering a child's universe, their honesty, and their ability to see things as they are rather than what should be concealed and silenced.  She uses Capital Letters (Love) to emphasise various themes that reminds me a little of Hobbes and his was a political treaty.  Perhaps that was what Roy intended.  This novel is not easy.  The time period switches back and forth to the adult and child Rahel.  It has a terrible end but you come away having gained an insight into post-colonial Indian culture, albeit upperclass, and the reward of having lived through the eyes of two marvellous children whose lives will touch and transform you.     