 This novel came to me accidentally, when I had to pick a third book for free, as I had bought two books for my father.  In a rush, I picked Niffenegger's novel and had never heard of it, never read any reviews, and found the idea of time-traveling quite silly.    I relented one day and read the book.  The novel was brilliant in introducing the age-old concepts of free will and deteminism and captured the essence of this philosophical puzzle with much verve and creativity.  Moreover, it was a wonderful novel about love in all its facets - it's an anchor as time shifts for Henry; it is luminous (Clare & Alba are both variations of light or white, as is the brief mention of Blanca).  Most of all, I especially appreciate the idea that Love may very well be timeless, as though you have known this person all your life and you have been waiting for the idea of this man or woman to come along, as it was for Clare who has known Henry since she was six.  Apologies, I'm getting all warm and fuzzy.    In any case, it's been a long while since a novel made me cry.  This may not have been a particularly accurate barometer of a good novel for you, dear readers, but this novel spoke volumes to me about mortality, the importance of holding still and holding on to those you love, and when to let go.  I had a feeling that Niffenegger intended for this novel to verge closer to magical realism than science fiction (i.e., Niffeneger pays homage to Allende's 'House of the Spirits' by naming at least three of the characters after the women in Allende's novel: Rosa, Clare [Clara], & Alba.  She also mentions Blanca very briefly).  I would not call this a literary masterpieace as some of the stylistic devices were questionable but I thoroughly enjoyed the complex structure of the novel, and I felt that Niffeneger conveyed the central themes with great success.  I recommend it to those who enjoy their romance with some degree of intellect and their science fiction with a spank of humanism and sentimentality.       