 All contemporary music can pretty much trace its origins to the Beatles and I am amazed at how important and fresh this album still sounds in 2004.  Yes thats 35 years after the event.  Thats the reason I`m writing this review, in order to let young people know just how important the Beatles are and that any musical journey needs to start with them.  Oh and the reason I chose Abbey Road is because its just one of the greatest albums of all times.  Especially considering that the band was pretty much falling apart at this time, but when the tape starts rolling they became the consumate professionals and just lived the music.  You can argue the merits of Sgt Peppers, Rubber Soul, Revolver, Magical Mystery Tour as being better, different or anything and you`d get no argument from me, they are all classics, this is just a personal favourite.   "Come Together" is track one and starts the album brilliantly with McCartney contributing the greatest Bass lick on what is a Lennon tune.  Harrison shows his finely crafted songwriting skills on "Something" his ode to his wife, Two slightly ridiculous songs "Maxwell`s Silver Hammer" (which is kinda black humour)& "Octopus` Garden" (sung by Ringo)pop up on side 1 which lighten the mood between some of the heavier moments.  One of the heavier moments is I Want You (She`s so Heavy)proof that the Beatles could have become one of the great Blues Bands if they had felt the urge. Then of course there`s side two with the Harrison`s "Here Comes the Sun" which was further evidence (Something) that the Beatles had developed a third "great" songwriter.  The arrangement by McCartney, the Medley, a Tour de Force Mean Mr Mustard, Polythene Pam, culminating in the Brilliant "Carry that Weight/The End".  Some of Pop`s best moments.  Then the afterthought "Her Majesty" almost White Albumish in its foolishness but a song only the Beatles could get away with.   All in all a marvellous album which was their last album together but 2nd to last released.  Buy this album it should appear in most people`s top 20 if they`ve got any sort of historical perspective.     