 Poor Jill, she's being bullied again! Eustace finds her crying behind the gym. She wishes she could get away from the horrid-but-trendy Experiment House School, and the further the better. Eustace knows of just the place, he went there last term. The world Narnia, a land of talking animals and magical landscapes, ruled by Aslan, the wild talking lion. All they need to do to get there is to call to him. They do, and are whisked away. Just in time, it seems. Aslan has a quest for the two children. They must go to the wildlands of the north, a harsh, barren nation of giants, and find the lost Prince Rillian and bring him home. If they remember and follow the four commands they are given, all should go well. But things are not as they first expect...  There's a rather ominous feel to "The Silver Chair". Bleak moors, muddy swamps, bitter blizzards, ruined buildings, an old and withered King Caspian and near-deaf Trumpkin, plus mumblings by the Earthmen about the apocalypse, all give the Narnian world a feeling of great age, of weariness, as if about to fall apart. This sets things up very nicely for "The Last Battle", I thought, where the world and the series come to an end. So too does the fact we get to glimpse the beautiful Aslan's Country at the start of the book, a land first glimpsed in "Voyage of the Dawn Treader", and a land that features very prominently in "The Last Battle".  I quite like the characterizations, particularly Eustace. He's a character who changed quite dramatically for the better in "Voyage of the Dawn Treader", but as we see in the book still has quite a bit of growing to do. I think Lewis handled him quite well. I also like the idea Puddleglum the frog-like Marshwiggle. He's quite the pessimist, but likes to think himself as quite the opposite. Bit like that myself, actually...  C.S. Lewis was a devoted Christian, and his beliefs shine through in all his work. "The Silver Chair" is no exception. In fact, I'd say the allegory here is probably some of the strongest in the series. I think it's got to do with faith and obedience. Just as Jill and Eustace are given commands by Aslan to follow, Christians are given commands to follow by God (through the Bible). They might seem simple to follow in theory, when at reading or in prayer (or in Aslan's Country for Jill and Eustace) but out in the real world, things are a lot more difficult. Things may be not what you expect, (as Eustace didn't expect to arrive decades after his first visit), you may get caught up in the here and the now and lose the greater purpose (just as the kids are tempted away to the city of Harfang for the sake of comfort), or you may be bogged down with pessimism (just as Jill and Eustace were bogged down with Puddleglum). You shouldn't lose heart though, even if you do mess up, it's never too late to get back on track. (Just as our heroes discover. The stuff up three of the four commands Aslan gave them, but they remember the fourth and save the day). As a Christian, I also got a lot out of the war of wits between the adventures and the Green Witch in Chapter 12. I can really relate to the debate that rages on, the challenge of whether what they believe in really exists. It's a struggle that christians face all the time, amongst non-believers and in their head. Lewis is a perceptive guy, he pinpoints these feelings exactly in this chapter.  Along with Lewis' christian allegory is some rather biting social commentary in the form of Experiment House. It is a school without religion of any kind and with less discipline, letting the kids run free. His description of the bullies at Experiment House getting constantly in trouble, punished lightly by a talk with the teacher, and through this becoming the favorites of the teachers rang so true to me. I remember seeing this sort of thing happening at some schools I went to growing up. The disturbing fact that the Head of the school becomes Prime Minister by the end of the book rings just as true, sadly in this day and age. Countries these days are run to be secular and deregulated, just like Experiment House.   With such an emphasis on allegory rather than story, some younger readers may find the adventure sparse in places. I know I did when I was younger (fifth grade). Still, that doesn't mean that there isn't plenty of adventure to be had. I remember I was absolutely captivated by the idea of Bism, a civilization in the centre of the world, where gemstones are alive and edible.  Once again Pauline Bayne's illustrations are fantastic. I love the way she draws the giants. Rather than just being larger, bulkier versions of people, the giants faces are characatured, cute and grotesque at the same time, quite similar to the way Lewis describes them. The map of the northern wildlands is a nice touch too.  "The Silver Chair" is the fourth Narnian Chronicle to be written by Lewis and the sixth chronologically. Whichever order you like to read them in, it's a fair way down the list. You'll get a lot more from this book if you've read the ones previously, but it's probably not essential. The explanations and back story here is pretty thorough. If you were going to read only one Narnian book before this, I'd make it "Voyage of the Dawn Treader", as it tells the story of Eustace and how he came to be who he is on his first adventure into Narnia.  Recommended for fantasy fans, lovers of all things C.S. Lewis and christians looking for a spiritually relevant read.     