 C.S. Lewis' "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe". I remember in fifth grade at school, this was a book that everyone read at some point. Even if they didn't particularly like reading, they liked this. That definitely says something about this classic childrens fantasy.  It's the midst World War II, and children Peter, Susan, Edmund and Lucy (brothers and sisters, the four of them) are sent to a country house until the air raids pass. It's a big house, with many rooms and draughty corridors to explore. It is while exploring that Lucy discovers a wardrobe, a very special wardrobe. Inside she finds another world, Narnia, a world full of talking animals, fauns, giants. Sadly, it is always winter and never Christmas, thanks to the White Witch Jadis, Queen of Narnia. But there is hope for Narnia, for the arrival of humans fufils a prophecy. Soon Aslan the lion, Narnia's savior, will return, and the White Witch will be queen of now more. The White Witch knows this, and has a trick and a traitor up her sleeve...  Scattered throughout the book are charming illustrations. When I was a kid, I thought these were great. They were like a little reward for reading through. They fit the story like a glove and evoke the era they were written in well. In this collector's edition, all of these pictures are coloured in, which I would have enjoyed all the more if this had come out when I was younger. As for the colours? Well, everything is the colour I suspected it was, more or less.  The writing style is great. C.S Lewis' narration comes across as a grandfather telling a story to his grandchild - warm, friendly, and explaining anything that he feels you might not understand. Even though the book is rather thin, you get a real feel for Narnia and its creatures, and the joys, the dangers and triumphs its inhabitants experience.  C.S Lewis was a devoted christian, and his beliefs shine through in this book, through the whole of the chronicles of Narnia in fact. The story can be taken as allegory. There are many parallels between Aslan and Jesus. Both are saviors of their worlds, both are killed and raised again for the sake of anothers sin. The White Witch with her addictive turkish delight is like the temptations of this world, which can lead unsuspecting people astray. Always an accomplishment to have a book that works well on a couple of levels.  Though "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe" isn't the first chronologically (and is numbered 2 in the "reading order"), whenever I read the chronicles of Narnia, I always read it first, rather than "The Magician's Nephew" ("#1" in the series). "The Lion" was written first, and reading it first you get that sense of wonder, that anything can happen. If you read it second, then you know who everyone is, you know the world, and "The Lion" doesn't have as many surprises in my opinion. Reading "The Magician's Nephew" later, as a belated prequel and series of explanations (which it was originally), rather than an official beginning, I enjoyed it a lot more.   A great fantasy, a great book for kids, and a fair allegory.     