 "Ark of the Covenant" is one of Jonathan Gray's lengthiest and best known books. It investigates (the now late) Ron Wyatt's claim of discovering the Ark of the Covenant, the golden box where the stone tablets of the Ten Commandments were kept, and where God's presence dwelt while with the people of ancient Israel. Despite himself, Gray finds Wyatt's claim to be undeniably true. It caused quite a stir when it was released, and a lot of backlash from the secular archaeological community.  Jonathan Gray, on the whole, is a great writer. His books "Dead Men's Secrets", "Sting of the Scorpion" and "The Bizarre Origin of the Egyptian Gods" are all alternative history essentials, while his more biographical books like "Into the Unknown" and "Curse of the Hatana Gods", dealing with his archaeological expeditions, are just as exciting to read. His documentary series "Surprising Discoveries" shows him as an easy going, gentle, but confident man. A true skeptic, he'll only believe when there's proof, and he has proven some amazing things over his career.  Though I am a fan of Gray, I was put off reading "Ark of the Covenant" for quite some time, due to the controversy, cynicism and criticism surrounding Wyatt's find. I don't know a lot about Ron Wyatt but I have seen his documentary on the cities Sodom & Gomorrah, and the evidence was solid throughout. He was right about that, he could be right about this, so I decided to give this book a try.  The lengthy book covers many, many topics across its 47 chapters, 11 appendixes and 40 pages of references and footnotes.   *Chapters 1-3 give us the context, they tell the reader what the Ark of the Covenant is, debunk various theories as to what happened to it and describe the tense political scene into which Wyatt's discovery was made public (the time of the assasination Israeli president Yitzhak Rabin).  *Chapters 4-20 are practically a sequel to "Dead Men's Secrets", recounting history from the time of Abraham to the present era. I'd recommend keeping a Bible handy while you read these chapters, as there are a lot of references from it that you might want to double check for context. This would be especially helpful to those who haven't been exposed to biblical/Jewish history before.  Just like "Dean Men's Secrets", the facts here are well-presented, shocking and hard to ignore. I particularly enjoyed Chapters 10 and 11, about King Solomon and his empire, which contains such evidence. Fans of Charles Berlitz' work (particularly his book "Mysteries of a Forgotten World") will enjoy those chapters too, I'd say.   *Chapters 15 and 16, which give an overview of the life of Jesus Christ suggest that Jesus is not only the Son of God, but somehow God himself, and co-created the world with God the Father. I found the evidence provided for this a little sketchy, dubious, confusing and unneccessary. That and the fact it'd put followers of Judaism off side, which is a shame because in later chapters Gray totally proves that Jesus fulfils many of the Messianic Old Testament prophecies. (Isaiah 53 is a fine example, but that speaks for itself)  *Chapters 21-29 provide this proof, not only that Jesus fufilled these prophecies by even merely existing, but that that he really rose from the dead! You'd be surprised how much the purpose Jesus has to do with the purpose of Ark of the Covenant. On the Day of Atonement (Yom Kippur) the ancient jewish people sacrified a lamb for their sins and sprinkled the blood of the Ark of the Covenant. Jesus said he would, and did indeed, die for our sins.)  *Chapters 30-33 deal with the initial backlash that the discovery of the Ark created in Israel, some of it violent. With all the political tension there, it is understandable that such a discovery in the country would want to be kept quiet.  Chapters 31-40 describes the crucifixion of Jesus, step-by-step, in Jonathan Gray's distinctive storytelling style, with more evidence for the event dotted here and there. The crucifixion of Christ also turns out to be very relevant to the discovery of the Ark of the Covenant.  Chapters 41-47 tackle more criticism and backlash, plus recounting some of the life-threatening encounters some with some of the critics.  To me, the evidence definitely points to Wyatt finding something in a cave. If the Ark still in one piece anywhere, I'd say it was where Wyatt claims. It makes a lot of sense. I'm convinced of about 90% of the claims in this book, actually. If it's all false, there's a LOT of questions that need answering regarding their expedition. Why did Gray, cynical about it, come back convinced after seeing the site? If the claims were so obviously false, why have some of the critics gotten violent about it?  If you're a little cynical about the whole deal, or you're doing a little investigation on the subject, there is more evidence for the claim you can get your hands on. Gray also released a CD-ROM containing many more photos, diagrams, evidences etc, that didn't make the book, as well as a book called "Discoveries: Questions Answered" which sets out to answer the critics. It's thick as a brick and just as heavy, apparently.  If you're curious, "Ark of the Covenant" is very much worth the read. I do recommend you pick up a couple of Gray's other books before reading this, though, just to see where he is coming from. ("Dead Men's Secrets" is his best known and his best, in my opinion)     