 "Why I Left The Contemporary Christian Music Movement" questions the modernization of music in the church, using author Dan Lucarini's own experience as a worship leader and evidence from scripture, along with the occaisonal quote from a bible academic or two. He also tackles the reasons that contemporary christians give for making the modernization, dissecting and questioning the relevance of these. Lucarini is not a professional writer by any means, but has written a straightforward, easy to read, yet thought provoking book all the same. Dan Lucarini's views are made very clear - contemporary Christian music can be hazardous for your faith. It may split your church, it may alienate older believers, and it may even open the door for less than welcome influence, among other things, he claims. He has a zero tolerance for drum kits and electric guitars, saying that their loud noise and "sensual beats" detract from God. He was once in support of the contemporary music, one of the pioneers in fact, but now regrets it. He believes that with classical and organ/piano fuelled hymns, you "can't go wrong". They may be old, but they are wholesome, and aren't associated with any wayward lifestyle. Though I don't agree with it all (I was particularly baffled by his dislike of drumkits and his obsession with beats being sensual), Lucarini does make a few valid points, particularly regarding the nature of worship. Do we have this modern music in the service to please ourselves, or to please God? We are supposed to be humble before God, rock musicians are often flashy and superficial. Will singers imitating modern music styles in the church take on certain modern musical values while singing that aren't biblically sound? Do we run the risk of idolizing our best singers in the church by putting them up on stage? All good questions to add to the debate, and I'm glad that he was brave enough to bring them up. I was a bit confused on where Lucarini stood on music as a whole. Sure, he believes showy rock music is inappropriate for humble worship of the Lord, but does he still listen to rock music at all? If not, what does he listen to? He lists a few bands he USED to listen to (Deep Purple, Emerson Lake & Palmer, etc), but doesn't say much about his listening habits nowadays. Is he disapproving of those who listen to rock music outside of church too? Is it possible to be a Christian drummer? If he believes that traditional music can't fail, what does he think of the instruments and musical styles that King David used to play? Is it possible to have music like that in a church? I'm curious to know what he'd think. He also blames Satan a lot for the choices people are making, which gets a bit grating at times. Surely we can take a little more responsibility for our actions and our mistakes? Readers' opinions will be divided, as they are here in the reviews. It's a hot topic in the churches. Lucarini does his best to give a level, well thought out opinion, based on his own experience and understanding of scripture. Even though I don't agree with it all, and it isn't quite the whole issue, this book did give me a lot to think about and consider. He's not stirring or judging the church as much as getting it to think. To get someone to think for themselves about an issue is the best thing a piece of Christian literature can do. I thought (and have been thinking) fairly hard since reading this. If music is an issue in your church, I recommend you give this a read. I also recommend you read any other opinions (and scriptural references) on the subject, as this isn't the whole issue. Talk to other believers, see what they have to say. And, of course, check the Bible.     