 "In Six Days" is a collection of essays by fifty scientists providing evidence to support the six day creation described in Genesis 1, as well as some evidence to support the worldwide flood described in Genesis 6-8. Among the topics discussed and pondered are laws of thermodynamics, the scientific method, ecosystems, natural selection, lipids, fossils, and the ridiculously low probability of life appearing from non-life. After reading it, evolution appears a fair deal sillier in my eyes. A definite impossibility considering this evidence!  The book is divided into two sections. "Science and Origins" and "Religion and Origins". The "Science and Origins" section, though it contains some scriptural and autobiographical materal on the authors' part, is comprised mostly of scientific evidence to support Creation, while the "Religion and Origins" section, though it contains scientific evidence, I found to consist more of anecdotes and scriptural arguments. (If you're after a book containing a more personal testimony to God's power in a person's life, and I understand there are many, I'd recommend "The Last Jew of Rotterdam" by Ernest Cassutto.)  I've never been to university, but I found the book easy enough to read and to understand. It explained the scientific concepts simply, but not condescendingly, not at all. The part I struggled with the most was probably the essay by John K G Kramer, where he discusses lipids. I got a bit lost there! The more anecdotal material evoked the both the life of the scientists, and the struggles they faced well. At the beginning of each essay, the scientists credentials are given, which are interesting to read.  Amazon.com's rating system is based on how well you like a product. The content of "In Six Days" I give five stars, it without a shadow of a doubt disproves evolution. However, toward the end of the book, a lot of the evidence used earlier in the book was repeated by other scientists later on. It's good evidence, and its handy to be reminded of points made earlier, but it meant that, in my opinion, it dragged a little toward the end. Just a minor gripe.  I was already convinced that God created the world, this just provides some mighty fine evidence to point this fact out. I'd recommend this to both evolutionists to get them thinking and to Christians to back up their faith. For archaeological evidence of a worldwide wipeout of civilization (by a flood), I recommend the book "Dead Mens Secrets" by Jonathan Gray.     