 Prince Caspian, the second Narnian Chronicle to be written and the fourth chronologically, is a slightly longer, more subtle book than its prequel "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe", but a book I enjoyed just as much.  Waiting at a station for a train to school Peter, Susan, Edmund and Lucy are whisked back to Narnia, hundreds, maybe thousands of years after they had originally been the kings and queens. Their castle Cair Paravel is in ruins, the animals are mute and the land is filled with Telmarines, a cynical people who don't believe in the great lion Aslan or any of the great happenings of Narnia's past. Narnia is ruled by Miraz, a usurper to the throne. The real king, Prince Caspian, has fled. With the help of the old Narnians in hiding, Caspian musters an army to fight Miraz and take the throne that's rightfully his. Can he succeed? Will the children be able to help. Will Aslan return?  It's an exciting book, taking you far and wide among Narnia and its creatures. We hear a lot about the dwarves in this book, and of the community of talking animals. We also hear of Narnia's surrounding lands, and of it's constellations. Reepicheep, the feisty talking mouse, appears for the first time in the series. Other characters who appear that are worth a mention include the Greek god Bacchus (I love Lewis' description of him), the bumbling Bulgy Bears, the wise and faithful badger Trufflehunter, a frightening werewolf and many a talking tree. This book also sets things up nicely for "Voyage of the Dawn Treader", the next and one of the most exciting books in the series.  Author C.S Lewis was a sincere christian, and his beliefs shine through in all his work. Prince Caspian is no exception. Here, Lewis seems to deal with the issue of faith and belief. In the age Prince Caspian is set in, Aslan isn't visible, just as God isn't visible to us. There are a lot of people who won't believe in what they can't see (like the Telmarines) but even among them there are some who hear about the truth and are excited by what they hear (like Caspian). You can see the same thing when Aslan appears to Lucy and asks her to follow him, yet no one else can see him until they believe what she has to say. Another theme I noticed is that of how people respond to hearing about their savior. The Narnians respond in many ways, just as people respond in many ways on hearing of God's word. Some are cynical (like the Telmarines), some are faithful (like Trufflehunter), some are doubting and need to see some evidence (like Trumpkin), and some refuse to believe until the bitter end (like the mean dwarf Nikabrik).  All of the Chronicles of Narnia are written for children, but I think some children might struggle through this, particularly during the war chapters. Peter dictates a letter in chapter 13 which is a bit verbose for kids, I thought. There's a bit of intrigue that might goover their head too. When I was a kid and I read this, I brushed over those bits, but I appreciate them a lot more now.  Prince Caspian is fourth in the "reading order", but the only book you really need to read before this one is "The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe". If you enjoyed that book, you'll probably enjoy this too.     