 "Dean Men's Secrets" tackles the ancient archaelogical anomalies mentioned by Graham Hancock, Erich Von Daniken and the like. If you've read his books, you know the questions that are being asked. How were the pyramids built? How were stones bigger than any we can lift today with macuhinery carried from quarries across treacherous mountains. Why do so many religions have a story of a worldwide flood? Why are gods in "flying chariots" often mentioned in myths and legends? Is carbon dating really that accurate? Questions like these have sparked the imagination of many.  Daniken pointed the finger at aliens. Jonathan Gray and his think tank of associates come up with a different theory. A very different theory. Gray suggests that there was a worldwide flood, that wiped out all mankind. There was Noah and his ark, and everything that went with it. Not only was the original world population wiped out, but a super civilization with technology beyond our own was as well. They had planes, they had ships, they had machinery, they had electricity. They may even have travelled in space. Post-flood, the descendants of Noah tried to recreate past glories, but whose memory, knowledge and lifespans soon dwindled away. Mankind used to live a lot longer. We are not becoming more intellegent, we are not evolving for the better, says Gray, we are getting worse, in accordance with Newton's second law of thermodynamics rather than Darwin's theory of Evolution. Aliens were not the giants of lore, we were!  It's a Christian perspective, yes, but the very, very interesting thing is that Jonathan Gray was not a Christian when he started. At the time of writing the book, you can tell he's still trying to make sense of it as much as his readers. With a very enjoyable, easy going writing style, he uses a combination of speculative fiction, stories of his archaeological findings, reasoning and stockpiles of evidence to prove his point - be they survivng artifact anomalies, written descriptions, or interpretation of myth, legend and oral folklore from all around the world. Even if you're not convinced, you'll learn a lot about world cultures on the way. There are some very interesting pieces of myth and folklore out there.  Like the previous reviewer mentioned, the sparse amount of footnotes is a bit frustrating. On almost every footnote there was, I scuffled back to the end of the book to read more, eager to know where this evidence had come from. The important thing is that Gray has gathered the evidence from the many books on ancient anomalies, the archaelogical journals and articles on "the unexplained" and his own findings, and brought them together into an easy to read, easy to flick through book. The evidence tables are very easy on the eye, you can scan through and find the evidence you want. Think of it as a compendium of evidence, a quick reference point. If you are searching for more, the bibliography Gray provides is quite substantial. I must get my hands on some of the books he mentions. There are very few pictures, though thanks to the internet, you can find pics of many of the things Gray mentions. Just punch it in to a search engine, you're sure to find some of it.  I'd recommend this book to those interested in archaeology, Christians looking for some evidence to counter the case for evolution and back up their faith, and to lovers of the unexplained. It's another theory to add to the pot. Very tantalizing hints indeed. It's my favourite book addressing ancient anomalies, and I have read it time and time again.  (There's a companion volume by Gray called "64 Secrets Still Ahead of Us", which further explores the evidence for ancient technology even higher than ours. It doesn't seem to be available on amazon.com, but it's worth tracking down if you enjoyed "Dead Men's Secrets".)      