 It's about the turn of the twentieth century, and Digory Kirke is not having much of a time. He's had to move away from the country into the drab, grey cobbled world of London. His father is away, his mother is on her deathbed with illness and his creepy Uncle Andrew lives up in the attic, mysteriously busy. He finds a friend in Polly, his girl next door, and she shows him to her attic, where a door leads to the rooves of all the houses on their terrace. They go along it, hoping to investigate an empty house down the road, but instead find themselves in Uncle Andrew's laboratory. He locks them in and forces them to partake in his experiments. By Atlantean magic, Uncle Andrew has made rings that can transport a person into other worlds. Digory and Polly are whisked away, which sets off an exciting chain of events and adventures.  "The Magician's Nephew" is a tale revealing how Narnia came to be, one of the most loved by fans. We learn of the origins of the Witch, and of the Wardrobe. The Lion, however, is kept just as majestic and mysterious as ever, which is just as well really. One thing I would have liked to have known more about Aslan is his father, the mysterious "Emperor-Beyond-The-Sea". He is mentioned once or twice in the other books (by the beavers in Chapter 8 of "The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe", for instance). Nothing much comes of him, and sometimes I wonder whether C.S. Lewis forgot he'd mentioned him.  With so many explanations and imaginative extensions of logic (the rings, the wood between the worlds, etc), some of the writing here verges on science fantasy, which is something of a change of pace from the other books.   The characterizations are pretty good, some of the best in the series, I thought. I love the dialogue between Digory and Polly, that love-hate kind of relationship that kids sometimes have with each other. Uncle Andrew, the mad scientist "magician" of sorts, is delightfully melodramatic too, as is Jadis, the White Witch. She's pretty sinister in parts too.  C.S. Lewis was a committed Christian, and his beliefs shine through in all his work. There's a lot of Christian allegory in the Chronicles of Narnia, for instance. In "The Magician's Nephew", I think it's more of an eloborated parallel (to the Biblical Genesis), rather than a specific allegory. The descriptions of the creation of Narnia are vivid and resonant, catching the imagination as only C.S. Lewis can. Another Christian element Lewis does explore is the nature of temptation - how a person falls for it, how strong it can get, and how a person can resist it. He does this quite well, using words in such a way you can feel the struggles of the person tempted. He explores similar themes in "The Silver Chair".  Pauline Baynes provides illustrations for this book, as she does througout all the series. I'm particularly fond of her pictures in "The Magician's Nephew". She captures the feel of both turn of the century London and of a newly born world very well.  Though "The Magician's Nephew" is the first chronologically, it was actually one of the last written, the sixth. It's definitely a book that can stand on its own, however, and be read first in the series. I think, though, that you get a lot more from it if you've read the ones that were written before it. It gives a lot of things away and it takes a lot of the surprise and the wonder out as you read on (especially from "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe"). I like to think of it more as a belated prequel rather than an official beginning. I've been reading the books in the order they were written, and it's quite interesting that way. You can see how Narnia develops. Like, I've noticed that from "The Voyage of the Dawn Treader" onwards, Lewis is expanding his world. In "Voyage" (1952), he explores the east, in "The Silver Chair" (1953) he explores the north (and the underground), in "The Horse and His Boy" (1954) he explores the south and here in "The Magician's Nephew" (1955) the west of Narnia is used. Whichever way you read the series, it is bound to be enjoyable.  Highly recommended for fantasy lovers.     