 I agree w the good review of the Dead expressing a 'prog' type of sound in terrapin.  To be percise, you have to look at classic prog albums to evaluate this sound.  Premiata forneria marconi's storia di un minuto, Genesis' foxtrot & nursery cryme.  And of course an epic one like Yes' close to the edge.  There are more but these are the ones that mean the most in the prog scene (old but classics).  The truth is, prog was done in the 70 s and fading in the 80 s.  Very few neo prog do justice to the genre. Anyway, back to this album.  I first heard it 10 years ago at a friend's house, and the sound like the other review said, just blew me away.  "Quirky and interesting" is just how i would label the sound on this record.  Estimated  is just a great song to open the album.  It went on to be a very strong choice for the band to play live.  Followed by Dancin' and Samson & delilah.  Good musicianship throughout.  One thing is that Steve howe (of Yes), and Anthony Phillips and Mike Rutherford - of Genesis - play much differently than Jerry.  Actually Howe played very similar, and admired Jerry s playing.  What i m trying to get at, is that the album's are in the same vein - prog - and at least one has to do a comparison. Following in the album are Passenger, and sunrise.  Great tunes.  Lesh's Passenger is awesome.  I recall al live tape from 7-7-78 at red rocks where my favorite version of this song is played.  Well.  Finally we arrive at Terrapin.  Crafted super nice.  There are songs the size of this one that are in the same level, but this one is in a universe of its own.  When the Grateful dead would get this song out live and serve it to you after an incendiary Playin' in the band.  It was an orgasmic experince to say the least, or just one of those moments you will never forget.  A legendary experience. Go ahead, if you are gettting into this band, obtain this cd and play it along w  Shakedown street, like the other review said, and some of the classics from the late 60 s and early 70's.     