 This is a superb show from 1987 ( 2 shows ) that remind me of the wonderful privilige of seeing a ' good ' dead show.  Because sometimes they were lacking energy.  Objectively I  lived in the US for 16 years, saw 6 GD shows ( still own ) 1000 + hrs of their music on dat format.  And saw and taped 17 Further festival / other ones shows between 96 & 98.  I think the 98 tour was the best I ve seen / heard and did justice to what we the fans, needed to see and hear at that particular moment of GD history.  Back to this video; I m glad we got two shows on it.  There is not one song that is below standard or doubtful ( in its delivery ).  The first show - Oakland - is fantastic, but the second - Anaheim - just kicks a**, as we get a pre drums treatment that happenned a few times per year: Shakedown > LL Rain > Terrapin St.  The post production remastering comes in nicely here, as we get what I would play for anyone to turn onto this band.  It also makes me remember excellent moments live that I experienced.  Like on 23.07.94 at Soldier field.  The fantastic Lucy in the sky, followed by a one of a kind Playin > Terrapin'.  Being a christian, I have to share with you that we on earth receive spiritual blessings by our father ( god ).  And on that night in Chicago in 94, we got some good spiritual blessings because the Lucy in the sky, and Playin > Terrapin were out of sight ( other worldly ).  And if anyone reading here was there, you can maybe recall the image of Jesus that was flashed on the screens when the band was in the middle of a beautiful jam in Cassidy; which was washed by a gorgeous green light show with trees and really cool stuff = )  You re probably thinking, ' This guy remembers well that night '.  Well, good Grateful Dead shows were always remembered with extremely positive opinions  So, to GD Productions..How about releasing 23.07.94 or 21.07 Deer Creek, which were mi first and second shows.  At least one them = )  Additionally, how about some good 86, 85, or 84 shows that may have intriguing video feeds.  29.07.88 Laguna seca would be a good dvd.  15.06.85 ( !! ) Greeks.  20.08.87 Park city, UT,    Frost Amp. 27.04.85     Cheers      