 In solving the 350-year-old problem of Fermat's "last theorem", Andrew Wiles faced the challenge of weaving together disparate fields of mathematics and inventing a few new ones - his success is documented here. But Simon Singh faced a parallel challenge in writing this book, and must be appreciated for his achievement. Popularizers of mathematics face the inherent twofold challenge of (a) taking some portion of a subject that the huge majority of readers are frankly afraid of and making it interesting and (b) representing the vast power underlying mathematical ideas while remaining intelligible. In the former case they often frankly succeed by the self-selection of their readers. This now-narrowed readership is then typically more approachable with the mathematical challenges of the latter. Hence the success of Stewart, Paulos, Devlin and the like. Singh's challenge was increased because of the addition of that third element. The range of mathematics which Wiles' proof and the history of the problem traversed is, simply put, incredible. On top of that, the mathematics behind Wiles' proof was acknowledged in the mathematical community to be at a level that even 95% of mathematicians could not comprehend. How to distill that in a meaningful way? The one thing Singh had going for him was the pure magic of the story. A mathematical problem simple enough to be understood by a 10-year-old is launched, in fact, on the epic story of its pursuit by a real 10-year-old over 30-odd years! He uses this and his considerable skills as a writer to tell a story that is gripping throughout. But Singh does not shy away on the mathematics. He does. For instance, a fine job of presenting the notion of rigorous mathematical proof. Having poked around this topic for a few years, I would also have to say that his is the best "lay" presentation of some of the most challenging elements of the mathematics of the proof, so called "modular forms" and "elliptic curves", that I have read. Along the way, this book does a wonderful job of representing the sometimes turbulent, but fascinating lives of working mathematicians - especially those at the peak of their craft. I suspect that this book, together with NOVA's "The Proof" (and perhaps with some credit to Wiles!) has led to the recent swell in fictionalized accounts of such lives (and such proofs). I, for one, was led to read the delightful "Uncle Petros and the Goldbach Conjecture" and "The Wild Numbers" (casting light on the grayer lives of less-talented mathematicians) and noticed the arrival of the new, hit Broadway play, "The Proof". All three available here on Amazon!     