 If you are, like me, a fan of Irving Yalom's non-fiction, you might wonder at what you will encounter in his fiction. Wonder no more. This book is fantastic!   A highlight of his non-fictional accounts of psycho-therapeutic encounters with patients has always been the deep humanity of his characterization of people - even desperately unhappy people. He accomplishes the same in this book, while taking-on the daunting task of centering his fictionalized account around some of the most famous names in the history of philosophy and psychology. If you have not read Yalom, I would encourage you to buy this book - but do so along with a purchase of one of his non-fiction works: "Momma and the Meaning of Life : Tales of Psychotherapy" or "Love's Executioner : And Other Tales of Psychotherapy", and go ahead and read the latter first. You might well have little anticipation of enjoying accounts of psychotherapy, but I think you will discover that Yalom, at least, does a captivating job of describing the human condition through his eyes and those of his patients. Along the way you will slowly unravel the nature and power of Yalom's "existential" approach to therapy.   Once you have encountered this approach to life and life-change through  the mixture of the personal and the theoretic in Yalom's non-fiction, you will doubly enjoy the undercurrents of  "When Nietzche Wept".  Most novels seek to imbed one of more philosophies of life within their character's being or actions. But so many of these turn into such a hodge-podge of pop-culture and authorial idiosyncrasy that characters can lack the coherence that binds us to them as readers. Under the hands of an accomplished novelist this coherence is the challenge met - and the connection to the reader is the connection to the seeming hodge-podge of our own lives - but such success is sadly uncommon. Yalom takes a different tack and succeeds wonderfully, building his characters upon a deeply developed professional awareness of what drives and defines us. Having established over decades of thought and therapy and writing the central elements at the core of being - which he collectively captures as "existential" - he builds his characters on that base.  It is an amazing thing to see how compellingly these characters present themselves and, in my opinion, further proof of the fundamental power and veracity of the existentialist perspective. Yalom is no dry Camus, though, worrying his suicide beads. He and his characters show a powerful connection to life which is manifest in their powerful connection to the world of ideas. As larger-than-life historic figures, his main characters, Nietzche and Josef Breuer (with Sigmund Freud as a minor character!) do not emerge with the gloss of historical polish. But neither do they emerge as simple folks. The mutual swell of their explorations of the nature of man meets with an explosive energy that Yalom expertly guides through a full and developed and engaging story.     