 Elementary school teachers are expected to teach almost everything: math, reading, science, social studies, and writing; along with nurturing, soothing, and encouraging. It's not an easy job. It's also hard to be an expert in any one piece of the job. But now, many are hearing that we're losing the "math race" to other countries. The drums of "teacher competency" are booming... and any wise teacher knows where the drum sticks will be landing next! Liping Ma's book comes at an opportune time for those teachers and should be read by all. It dives into a central problem that elementary teachers face when we consider improving our math programs: How could going off and learning more math help, for instance, in a 4th grade fractions unit?  Furthermore, having, typically, been taught mathematics, ourselves, as a process of memorizing and applying procedures, we often teach it that way as well, thinking "how much more can I study the `flip and multiply' rule for fraction division?" This book answers those and many other questions, while opening many new ones. There's more to math, even "kids math" than meets the eye.  Ma demonstrates that American teachers do not necessarily suffer from a lack of breadth or extensiveness of mathematical training. Adding more `higher math' to our training really would not help us teach arithmetic. We lack deep knowledge of "fundamental mathematics." Ma's claim is that what we need to do is to dig deeper into the underpinnings of "elementary" math - to discover that there is much more to understand about such fundamental concepts. There really is much more to subtraction than remembering when to "regroup."  Division of fractions actually represents two or three fundamentally different processes which, confused, can be at the center of students (and teachers) uncertainty.  Imagine that! These are thought provoking ideas, well presented. In the face of a growing national debate about "competency", we would do well to add this element to the discussion of math teaching. Otherwise, the politicians will provide their inevitably simplistic answers.     