 Let's face it... in the past our schools have only rarely been especially powerful centers of learning or emotional growth. But over the past 25 years this narrow educational mediocrity was given a hard look from many quarters. A wide range of ideas for different approaches to schools, kids, and learning started to move into the popular culture and even into the educational establishment. Lots of them were flops - but not all.  Nevertheless, as with so many of the suite of powerful ideas for change that have arisen in the last generation, the corporate culture and resurgent cultural contras of the past decade have started to overwhelm fact and reality with a mass re-writing of educational history and practice and values which has swiftly hijacked education from the energized, but messy, path toward reform back onto the clean wide superhighway servicing corporate needs. It is at this intersection - that of the caring, thoughtful professionals, the naturally enthusiastic youngsters and the hopeful parents seeking something better X'ed by the needs of the global marketeers - where so many of the perceived failings of education appear. Here lie the burned-out teachers who fell because they thought to reach high; and also the bland functionaries who offer little more than the next chapter in the teacher's manual. Here are the over-quiet or angry kids whose world is school and hence a universal betrayal; and also the mall-hopping young illiterates who have quickly learned their place as consumers. Here, too, are the parents opting-out for home-schooling, or joining PTAs, or fighting for charter schools or vouchers or basics or something, anything, that will change things; but also the parents who accept bad schools run by distant elites as just the way things have always been. Here the messy mixed-bag of a generation's efforts at reform meets a glossy new suite of old-fashioned lies. Here is where Kohn's book takes its starting point. In a blasting and relentless 100 page assault, he takes on the myriad of ways that the contra-reform movement in education has gotten it wrong: gotten motivation wrong, gotten teaching and learning wrong, gotten evaluation and improvement wrong, and even gotten reform itself wrong. Kohn does not pull his punches, but doesn't stand on loud opinion. With an engaging style, he often starts by quoting some back-to-basics pundit with one of those sound-bites that can appear so compelling. Then he enthusiastically strips the lies and falsehoods away layer by layer - it becomes entertaining to see him filet yet another contra-reform red herring. For those with a footnote'ish bent he also provides a large appendix containing "the hard evidence." Kohn does an overwhelmingly convincing job of making a case that leaves a reader realizing that nudging on the small particulars of educational change is simply no longer an option. Something much larger is afoot. Big lies demand clean slates. We might actually do well to trust our own instincts and look at ways of "starting from scratch" - as he entitles his lead-in chapter of the second part of the book. If the first part of the book was an enthusiastic, sometimes angry, fingering of the emperor's nakedly self-serving distortion of reality, this second half is an uplifting overview of all the ways to do education right. He speaks of broad themes such as how to encourage deep thinking and how to bring real decision-making and cooperation into the classroom. He also outlines particulars reform ideas in reading, spelling and math as well as alternatives to grading and standardized tests. As a math teacher, I know there is much more to that one piece of the discussion, but Kohn does a fine job of summarizing the core value in reform approaches.  Although the book is split into these two different halves, it is not two distinct pieces - more than simply a dissected pile of lies and a listing of good ideas. Throughout the first part Kohn is forward looking. Each lie of the "Old School", as he terms it, is exposed in a context of reversibility. This book will open your eyes to a broad and broadening capture of our children's education by ideological pirates, but it will not discourage you on the way. On the contrary it will provide you the courage to grab some rigging and swing into the fray and put the "public" back in public education. Good luck.     