 I suppose that readers who finished Miles' prior book, "God: A Biography" will be equally captivated by this new title - a sequel of sorts. But if this is your first exposure to Miles' "literary God" you might find, as I did,  that your interest waxes, but quickly wanes.  The unusual approach he takes to his rather unique protagonist is really fascinating at first, but after a while it just wears out its welcome - a 30,000-word, tightly-edited piece in "The New Yorker" would have served the central idea better. While there is certainly a different artistic sensibility at work here, reading this book was something akin to watching "Rocky", then "Rocky II" and "III"  all in a row. A relatively powerful theme and a stylistically new framework beats you up through repetition in too many guises. Imagine "Brother, Where Art Thou II" Its hard to figure out who would enjoy this book end-to-end, as obviously quite a few have. A deeply and more traditionally Christian readership will be simply appalled by the diminishment of the central elements of their faith to historico-literary plot requirements. An agnostic, humanist or simply atheist readership will be put off by Miles' clear deep faith in the underlying reality of the story. I suppose "lit crit" types could enjoy it, but by eschewing the academic dryness of their genre, this book also steps outside their focus and stands as an implicit criticism of the emptiness of that approach. The idea is intriguing enough at first take - to treat the biblical "God" as a literary character. Trace his (no Goddess here!) ups and downs from the perspective of how his collective authorship struggled to recreate a protagonist consistent with their culture's own diminishment and the failure of earlier `chapters' to come true - eventually turning to the plot "twists" of the New Testament and the new character in the story, Christ. But that collectivity or authorship was a source of one of my itching complaints that eventually had to be scratched. Why not just attribute the twists and turns of the main characters of this God story to the unusual fact that it was written over hundreds of years, and by authors in the thrall of faith and a belief that earlier "drafts" were holy writ ? That is, why not follow the more traditional analyses that consider either the theological or the historical growth and change of the idea of God ? Admittedly these have often been dryer than Sinai dust, but that only suggests that the real accomplishment of Miles is to tell the story a lot more engagingly - the David McCullough of a different era. After all - how many literary characters have been created thus, by dozens of authors over centuries ?  It seems hardly the same thing as traditional character-based literary analysis - tracing the development in David Copperfield's or Silas Marner's personae over several hundred pages. Furthermore, Miles' tracings are rather sweeping. By the time I got to the chapter exploring the plumbing of Christ's sexuality I was at about the same point I would be if a similar book were exploring Huck Finn's unstated masturbatory life! Unless lit crit is your field, such tracings can hardly hold your interest as much as the stories themselves. Eventually the distinctiveness of the approach loses its freshness and starts to seem silly. A frankly good-old-fashioned fiction such as Mailer's or Saramago's is ultimately more satisfying.     