 I'm a 6th grade math teacher whose practice was transformed by this slender little book. Although comfortably into my 40s, I am only now concluding my 3rd year of a new, second, career in middle school math. Four years ago, in the middle of my K-6 Master's program I did a search on "Middle" and "Math" - probably right here on Amazon. There was (and still is) precious little to be found. But I found this book and it was enuff ! If you would like to build a math classroom centered around problem-solving - not itty-bitty "word problems" that every kid knows are just dressed-up arithmetic sentences, but real, meaty, challenging mathematics - this is the book to start with. Tsuruda's approach to - "Problems of the Week" or POWs establishes in everyone's mind, from day one of class, that something significant is afoot. The book itself is short, sweet, personal and inspirational. Three years ago I looked around and realized my school system would allow me the freedom to create my own math program. Unlike many younger new teachers, I was not only professionally captured by the alternatives opened by the NCTM reforms of 1988, I found a way to put them into place. I was emotionally able to shrug-off the institutional and collegial pressures toward teaching a traditional program out of a text - to teach, as so many do, as I had been taught. "Problem of the Week" sounded like a great place to center a reform-based program. It is. Tsuruda encourages his classes to create substantial, meaningful write-ups of their problem-solving process and describes the rubric he used to score them. Both supported the notion that the PROCESS of mathematics is at least as important as the PRODUCT. Both write-up and rubric placed only partial value on a final answer... and his 'problems' were such that a single number, so often the end-point of mathematics in kids' minds, was rarely the centerpiece of their answer. Tsuruda acknowledges the hardest part of such a program to be the crushing burden of reading and assessing such a large volume of written work. Furthermore, he states his opinion that falling below some threshold number of POWs in a year significantly diminishes effectiveness of the broad-spectrum of learning goals associated with the approach. From a few years of experience, I would have to agree. This past year I had the unique pleasure of teaching two sections of writing and I'd have to say that the demands of the POW program are greater in many ways. If you are considering a POW-based classroom you should definitely read this book before reading the dryer collections of problems and/or 'technical' books that preach problem-solving taxonomies (although definitely read Polya's book). Be prepared for an, ahem... complex reaction from parents. Few will have seen mathematics in this form and many will, at first, perceive such extensive problems - no matter how simple the underlying arithmetic - as being "too hard". Naturally that opinion, if spread around at home, can be extremely damaging to the students confidence. This sort of thing is not typical to POW-based math programs but more general in reform mathematics. Nevertheless, you will enjoy having the inspiration of this book to launch you into a rewarding, if sometimes challenging approach to your classroom.     