 When I realize I want to read a book again even as I am finishing the first pass, I know I'm on to something meaty. When I find myself passing on a good poetry book to read something "heavy", I've got to wonder what's up. When that 'something' is centered on concepts I thought I already understood, I know I have a uniquely valuable read on my hands. Those all describe my experience of reading "Darwin's Dangerous Idea" by Daniel Dennett and could well describe your experience of this magnificent book. I came to this book from an eye-opening read of Dennett's earlier "Consciousness Explained". So I knew I was dealing with a thinker who could grapple with the loftiest ideas in an engaging but challenging manner. I have not been disappointed here. If, like me, you have read Dawkins, read E.O. Wilson, read Pinker -- even read Darwin, you will be doubly hooked by this book. How can such established ideas be reframed in such startling new formulations ? Dennett manages with a style that is relaxed but endlessly intricate and deeply integrated with some of the most central ideas of philosophy and human thought. This book is not a review of Darwinian theory or a rehash of it. It is, instead a powerful characterization of the truly dangerous recognition that Darwin's central ideas can be seen to spread exploratory tendrils into virtually every area of human thought and of life on this planet. In the same way that a silhouette depicts a person by contrasting subject to field, Dennett uncaps the unexpected dangerousness of Darwin's idea by exploring the many ways in which even its apparent staunch supporters have recoiled from the final implications of a theory of natural selection. We shrink from acknowledging the ultimate truth that meaning can arise from meaninglessness, that order can be a consequence of mere mindless algorithm, that even our precious 'selves' exist simply as links in a chain slowly coiling through time and space. Newton wasn't about apples. Freud wasn't about sex. Darwin isn't about apes. The former pair reshaped our descriptions of our inner and outer spaces. Darwin's idea is shown here to be doubly revolutionary because it extends to both realms. Given replicators - whether they be genes or cultural constructs termed 'memes' - and given limited resources and a competition for them - whether for sunlight or human brainspace - an inevitable, "mindless" algorithm will create those things that we wish to call order and meaning (and selves). As critters who have always tended to imagine that we have somehow stepped outside the foul-lines of the Darwinian ball park, that our uniqueness exists in other lofty realms, some of us are repelled by the us-lessness at the center of such a perspective. But we can also find a strange comfort in the deep reaches of such a simple, sweeping idea as well. If you've ever stood cursing at the onslaughts of stormy weather and suddenly just stopped - to chuckle or gasp or just stare - you've felt the power of stepping outside that meaning game. In a world where so many seek the gut-ease of the viral 'memes' of fundamentalist meaning, one realizes that a universe that just "is" has a lot to say for it.     