 I just bought this book after having bought Ian Ellis's "Book Finds". I did so cautiously, since one negative review here specifically claimed the same buying "path". Not so for me. "Book Collecting 2000" is excellent for my needs and might be for you as well. I was nudged into active book collecting when I found an author's first edition of her first novel hidden in a book sale stack. For $3 I came to own a $300 book. But it wasn't simple. Although I had heard of the author, I did not recognize the book as her "first." Only a quick jaunt home to check some online listings confirmed its value. I anxiously returned to the sale hoping the book was still there... couldn't find it at first ! Someone had picked it up and then returned out of alphabetical order! As a relatively new collector I just don't have the experience to always ID a "first book".  "Book Collecting 2000" supplies an ENORMOUS LISTING of first books (350+ pages out of 520) - with roughly 5000 entries. You can study it or bring it to a sale with you. The listings show estimated values from the 1986, 1995 and 2000 editions of the book and provide some cues about what sorts of books are gaining value at especially surprising rates. In addition, the listings often supply additional information and "points" about the "firsts." This is, for example, the first general-use reference in which I've seen the dustjacket cover of John LeCarre's (1962)US first, "Call for the Dead", accurately described ("white dustwrapper"). Before buying "Book Collecting 2000" I had already invested $2 at another sale in a nice blue and tan version that turned out to be a stealth book club edition... disappointing but really a rather inexpensive way to learn what a "blindstamp" actually looks like! Yes - this book is mostly lists, as the other negative review claimed. But I found all of them to be useful, especially so when combined into one source. These lists include Pulitzer, Hugo and PEN winners and the like, but also a very handy listing of author pseudonyms, nicely sorted alphabetically by both actual and pen name. An appendix contains a brief listing of publishers' formats for indicating first editions - it seems adequate but I have to admit that I still prefer my pocket-sized McBride for that. The "front material" (roughly 100 pages) is a decent overview of the wide range of information that a new collector needs to absorb. I think the Ellis book does a better job of this piece. But that just means I recommend buying both. I now take this book with me to every sale!     