 What great news to hear that Howard Zinn and the New Press are creating a "People's History" series!  Even better news is the outstanding job Ray Raphael has done of this first effort in that series. He has taken on the overall approach of the 'original', Zinn's "People's History of the United States" and applied it to the "creation myths" of our country in a way that creates real history which is captivating even as it strips the gloss from the schoolboy history handed on for generations. The really nice thing is that Raphael has accomplished this with a voice that is unique to himself and to this book. No mere expansion of a chapter from the earlier Zinn book, this. Even having read Zinn's book, I found that this one retained the same ability to amaze me with fundamental reexamination of core beliefs. At its center this book is, more than anything else, a study of how revolution happens. As such it is important reading for anyone who considers how fundamental change might happen in this country, if ever, again. The real myth of our history is not so much the focus on individual heroics or great battles as the implicit claim that our revolution fell into place so neatly, so quickly. Somewhere between chapters 3 and 5 in our history books the Brits passed some taxes, the Colonists rose up in righteous indignation, the battle was at hand - then won. Raphael demonstrates at length, through original sources created by regular folks, that the whole business was much longer work than that. People don't just rise up overnight, casting off habits of mind and cultural expectations of what can and cannot be done. People don't just sit down and pen some pamphlets or high-sounding declarations and raise armies.  This book shows how, over decades, a broad sweep of reaction against oppressive institutions by everyday people built a solid groundwork which meant that the final "revolution" was neither unexpected nor un-practiced. He describes how many earlier uprisings, revolts, and proto-revolutions radicalized the populace and eroded assumptions about rights of elites. He describes how the vast majority of disenfranchised poor played a fundamental role in shifting those assumptions. Throughout he reminds us of what a complicated business it was. From the broad in scope - the impossibility of raising a standing army from reluctant and other-committed farmers and family men, (and the consequential injection of a military draft and a messy cash-buyout business) to the narrow - why the "tea party" energized so many common folk to whom tea was the ultimate class icon. Thoughtful people have learned to be skeptical of delivered history. But it really helps to have something real to counterbalance mere skepticism. This history is real, this is eye-opening stuff, this is the rest of the story.     