 Bumpy at times, shrill at others, this book is nevertheless a compelling and convincing history of our very recent past. And anyone involved with or concerned about educational reform should read it, alert to the dictum that "those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it." Taylor documents in excruciating detail the grim story of how a dedicated group of ideologues "reformed" reading teaching in California and spread their insupportable beliefs throughout the country and (now) even into mathematics teaching. That they did so by lying may be no surprise - this is always the path of ideologues. But that they lied so baldly, that so many politicians rolled over so supinely, that so many anxious parents jumped to the raised fist of these demagogues is an eye opening story. When Taylor and the National Council of Teachers of English (NCTE) published this book in 1998 it was seen by many as a finger-in-the-dike against an incredible wash of success of the pro-phonics movement in turning reading education in this country on its head. Many had watched in surprise as a small handful of mere drafts of narrowly conceived research studies were fronted as proof that wholly new approaches to reading education were demanded. But the surprise turned to horror as, sometimes in mere months, this sheaf of papers pulled from a pumpkin was turning California and other legislatures toward a frenzy of legislation implanting phonics-as-policy.  Turning them, even to the extent of legislatures defining what would heretofore be allowed to be called "research" in support of a reading program. Twisting, even, when the circulated draft studies were shown to be built on narrow assumptions and flawed statistics. Spinning, still, when the final, published copies were similarly flawed but suspiciously lacking some of the lies that, in draft form, had convinced legislators to leap into the parade. While the other reading teachers association, the International Reading Association (IRA) was nervously twiddling its thumbs in committees discussing the need for balance and accommodation of all views, the NCTE, at least saw the paint splashed on the wall and commissioned this work. Within months of California and other states enacting sweeping legislation this book exposed the incredible suite of lies and manipulations underlying the successful campaign leading to that legislation. But it is a campaign that is to this day continuing. Mouth the words "Whole Language" in public in 2001 and you will notice the knee-jerk responses quickly engulf you in a fog of disdain. Yet the `Whole Language' approach to reading instruction - an approach that included but did not offer primacy to phonics - was at the heart of a research-based model for reading instruction that was embraced by large numbers of teachers, parents and administrators as recently as five years ago. Now they mostly shake their heads and talk about "what works", pointing to California (or Texas where the flawed studies took place). Only three years later, we now see the juggernaut of lies, emboldened, turned with the same religious zeal, against the past decades of reforms in math teaching. The now successfully tarnished "whole language" terminology is turned to denigrate these reforms as "whole math." Even some of the same reading "experts" turn up as newly-minted, and outspoken, authorities in mathematics! This can be a tough book to stay with. It was written in the midst of a tornado that has now settled into a national storm. Some parts are polemic, some personal. But it is still critical "primary documentation" of a public policy hijacking that continues to diminish the educational opportunity of huge and growing numbers of children. If you care about and endorse progressive changes in education you should read this book and speak out. Certainly we don't want, sometime in the future, to be mouthing the phrase "first they came for the reading programs, and I was silent, then they came for..." A strong analogy, perhaps, but a generation rendered ignorant and lethargic by rote drill and meaningless schooling will certainly be one that is ripe for the plucking of the basest of ideologues.     