 As one who consumes information voraciously, primarily in the form of books, and is fascinated by the role of language in human thought, I have always been surprised by how boring I find so-called "information theory." I keep trying. There ought to be something there? So, combining with a more recent interest in "consciousness studies", I expected great things from this book. I was quite disappointed. You might not be. Since I see lots of other positive reviews here that also outline the book's content, I'll focus more on style issues, since it was those which mostly left me out of gas after 100 or so pages. Perhaps you can determine if these same concerns would affect your appreciation of the book. The writing in this book never captivated me, frankly never even engaged me; and the ideas, however powerful, stayed submerged. Its not that I need a Hemingway to craft an essay on consciousness in order to be gripped by it; witness my high rating of Evan Walker's "Physics of Consciousness", with its bumpy, sometimes windy style and odd rhetorical devices. And, having worked my way through Dennett's "Consciousness Explained", I know its not that I shy away from complex ideas.  I just need, like a radio station, a strong carrier frequency to modulate the message. Dennett accomplishes this with a quite engaging style that Nrretranders lacks - possibly a dilution effect of translation. Walker manages the same, frankly, by having eminently (and evidently) skippable passages. While reading this book, my own skip/scan reading engine kept reacting to the mushy, swampy places by making the jump, but rarely found a solid place to land.   Like many books that seek to bring the "lay" reader into a realm defined by the outposts of modern science, this book lays down a substantial prologue seeking to introduce many complex concepts. I usually try to read most of this section on the theory that I might not know quite as much as I think. But I usually can realize when I am plowing a field in which my level of knowledge is up to the level of the presentation. At that point I look to skip ahead and seek rhetorical or syntactic guideposts to indicate the next island for my leap. In "User Illusion" there was something blurry about the whole first part; never a sense of discrete elements and hence no way to untangle the well-known from the new.  Finally, in frustration, I went to an extensive scan-ahead; flipping and scanning the middle third of the book to try to find where it was headed, to find the big ideas. (I rarely "read" this way. It's a measure of my high expectations for the content that I resorted to such perfidy.) All I could find was an apparent circling-around of the "half-second delay" discovery of Libet mentioned in other reviews. Since I had already encountered that in Dennett (not as a central point but as a marker on the road to a more powerful argument), I called it quits. Fans of the book might, correctly, argue that I missed its point. How can I argue since I never discovered that it? But it wasn't for lack of trying. If you know you're a reader who can abide exciting ideas portrayed without excitement you might be rewarded by reading this book. I remain suspicious that the central (and perhaps powerful) idea of this book could be stated in several pages than in the form provided. You might learn more from reading the reviews right here on Amazon; then plow into a few listmania! lists on cognitive science, or (is there one?) information theory!     