 A practicing military historian, with a good grasp of the geography of Europe in 1914, might thoroughly enjoy this book. Apparently many have. It is immensely detailed in its treatments of the battles of the war and doubtless such detail informs a keen grasp of any battle. But that detail is almost completely unsupported by maps, keys or legends allowing the less-expert reader to maintain his bearings. If you don't know the difference between a corps and a brigade, if you haven't memorized the twists and turns of the rivers of Europe along with the lay of the forests and of the ridges, you will be simply lost. Can you locate Luxembourg in your mental map of Europe? picture the fit of Belgium into Germany? sketch the course of the Meuse? Consider this passage: "Lanzerac, in a conference held at Chimay on the afternoon of 21 August, told the Chiefs of Staff of his subordinate corps that the plan was for Fifth Army to hold the high ground on the south bank of the Sambre. He feared that if he committed his soldiers to hold the dense belt of little industrial buildings and cottages - le Boringe - that line the bank between Charleroi and Namur, they would become involved in small-scale street fighting and be lost'' After 95 pages of this I quit. Just looking at the number of times my spell-checker choked on the preceding paragraph reminds me of how densely geographic the first quarter of the book was. I honestly considered reading it with an atlas at hand - but that's hardly a relaxing read. Excepting European and world maps printed on the front and back pastedowns, the book provides only 15 maps over the entire 450 pages and 4 years of war. All but one, I might add, appear after my own defeat on page 95! Few of these support the level of on-the-ground detail of Keegan's text. When they do so, as in the case of his map of the famous Gallipoli battle, which provides both detail and an inset reminding one where the Gallipoli peninsula is, it reminds one of what was glaringly absent in the dozens of prior battle descriptions.  The book has two discrete segments of photographs which seem to be a somewhat random assortment of images, albeit suitable gritty ones. For more illustration a later, putatively separate book provides 'An Illustrated History of the First World War' which I have reviewed separately (hint' still no maps !). As a final critique, this book would more aptly be titled 'A Military History of the First World War'. Although it devotes a decent handful of pages up front to noting the diplomatic stutterings that failed to prevent the war, it hardly seems to address the world outside the battlefield after 1914.  Two stars for the immense amount of military detail.     