 I bought this book for a friend whom I knew to be interested in history - and especially intrigued with nitty-gritty detail and the "people's history" approach. I had slogged my way through Connell's earlier "Son of the Morning Star" and knew him to supply those elements in bundles. After a month, the friend returned it to me saying he had worked hard through 70 or 80 pages but just never got captured by the book; never, in fact, figured out who or what was at the center of this "novel." He thought maybe I'd enjoy giving it a try. I have done the latter but the former never occurred. Connell uses two somewhat unusual approaches to his topic - I can't honestly refer to it as "his story" - both failed me.  Firstly, he chose to write the entire book in the vernacular of the 12th century, perhaps to build an authenticity of tone and character. I'm not talking just "thee's" and "thou's" here - but (apparently) the full gamut of 12th century English syntax. (I wonder if he also considered incorporating the fluid and variable spelling of that era throughout this book. The element of added visual and cognitive confusion would have been similar). It's not really incomprehensible, just rarely engaging. We've all encountered similar difficulties with, e.g., novels that grew from different eras and cultures (Dostoevsky, for instance) and often prefer the form in the original vernacular (consider Shakespeare). But the work of both of these counter-examples is propelled and energized by powerful and engaging characterization and story.  This moves us to the second failing of this book. It does not tell a tale in any of the ways (and there are quite a few) that pull me into a book. Once again, this approach may have been driven by some sense of historical accuracy. I've heard that before the modern era the notion of what comprised a fictional story was very different from the modern forms of novel; that writers of that era often "told" a story in bits and pieces. The "glue" that bound them together being deep and broadly-shared cultural experiences. Well, Connell tries the same here but the glue isn't to be found. The storyline seems non-existent (at least after the 50-60 pages I read). The snippets of character or events seem truly independent - too much so. I kept thinking, in the first 10-30 pages, that this was some sort of italicized prologue - a flow of consciousness setting piece that would lead-in to the "novel". Not so. I've gotta say that I have enjoyed this sort of "snippet" approach to grand themes in the past: Galeano's "Memory of Fire", for instance. This trilogy captures a sweeping historical theme but starts with a mythic language and culturally-refracted syntax that's quite alien to western ears. In Galeano's case, this serves to launch the rest of the work and to heighten the clashing of cultures that is at the center of his monumental work. Connell's `story' had the potential to accomplish something similar - but falls far short.     