 This book will surprise you more than once, and in doing so surprise again since, from the outset, it sure looks like the sort of book you wouldn't expect to offer any surprises at all - its just history, right?!  This fascinating volume will provide its surprises to readers with a desire for more substance in their understanding of the Scots, but also to those exploring the broad notion that there's more than dry old dust to be raised from looking back to "the Enlightenment" for meanings important in assessing a difficult and dangerous future for "the West." Some reviewers have suggested that "How the Scots Invented the Modern World" is a somewhat tongue-in-cheek treatment - hinting that it appearance following on the heels of Cahill's "How the Irish Saved Civilization" is merely a consequence of some sort of publishing industry templating. I could find nary a tongue nor a cheek. This is a quite serious history written by a quite serious historian who states a compelling case for considering the substantial, possibly preeminent contributions of the Scots to the European enlightenment. That he does so in a way that is convincing is a credit to his skill as a writer as much as to unique power of the underlying theme. I am not a reader, hardly even an appreciator, of History. I am, however, Scottish by descent and brought up, as were so many American Scots in the 50's and 60's, with a regular exposure to the trappings of the culture set up as a colorful surround to a vague sense of the history of a people somehow grand but sad. This has drawn me to more than a few 'histories' of the Scots over the years but I don't think I've finished a one of them. All those battles - with hardly a victory to be found... all those kings and queens - with hardly a Scot among them! If, like me, you have been drawn by the feeling that there must be more beneath the mere skirl of pipes (or was it kilts that skirled?), but found that somewhere around Culloden or the Clearances it was just too indigestible a haggis of depressing detail, then this is a book for you. It will cleanly but convincingly detach you from some of the more romantic simplifications lodged in the popularized image of the Scottish people. But it will balance the amputation with the attachment of a quite interesting prosthetic, a history that is one of ideas - and big ideas at that! This book will gently but firmly disperse your romantic notions of the culture of the Highlands. While giving gracious due to the Highlanders ancestral values of clan as family and honor through battle, Herman makes it clear that by the time the clans had entered the era where modern historical consciousness pegs them, they were mostly just conveniences through which a primitive, feudal social and economic structure was maintained by wealthy and distant "chiefs." Herman does not set out, explicitly, to remove the kilted and piped 'noble Scot' from the picture, but by effectively doing so he opens the story to his more intriguing theme. That is the story of how cultural and religious change, often energized and honed by the conflicts with England, led to the creation of a vastly literate populace with a deep sense of the rightful role of the individual in structuring the institutions of society. It is the story of how that populace elevated ideas and individual to a conjoint prominence that became manifest in the major institutions of learning and commerce which, together, supported a mutual defining of what Herman asks us to agree is truly "the modern."   As an example of the subtle but deeply convincing surprises the book parses out of this history, consider the role of fundamentalist religion. Who would have imagined that the Scots embracing of a rigid and quite rabidly fundamentalist religion would lead, within barely two generations, to an explosion of ideas about individual and intellectual liberty that gained root in the founding documents of our country? Why should we care? Does this book merely provide an alternate lens through which to view the distant history of a rather obscure people? If that were the case, we might just as well stick with the kilts and pipes.  I would argue, instead, that this book brings important ideas to very contemporary debates. I've often found sweeping critiques of capitilism, colonialism and imperialism to be compelling - critiques of "the west" which seem to root its failings in the very era which Herman celebrates and attributes to our worthy Scots. But the attacks of September 2001 have done much to crystallize these often merely academic debates. If the "critique of the west" finds its final roost in mass murder, one cannot so glibly embrace that censure.  Reading Herman's book I surprised myself by coming, for instance, to view Adam Smith's ideas in a substantially positive light. I gained a balance - a positive appreciation of what was added to the human species' ways of comprehending and organizing our habitation of the earth, of why it was honestly labeled an "enlightenment" in its day and how it might still inform our thinking about contesting the darkness of ours. Does this view ignore past and present? colonialism? the depredations of GATT and NAFTA? Nah. But we sure do need more of a stance to stand up against these forces than identity politics; and we need more of an alternative than the return to pre-capitalist forms that is implicit in condemnation of the commercial revolution of the 18th century. Not for this Scot, anyways; no return to pipes or kilts - but also no return to mud huts and bloody servitude. We can gain much by acknowledging that the Enlightenment was a positive historical movement. Herman's thoughtful analysis of that movement, albeit through a plaid lens, re-invigorates history by reminding us how much we have to learn from its (re)-reading.     