 Well. Here I am writing a review for another poetry book ranked vanishingly low in the Amazon sales ranks.   Too bad. Especially for such an unexpectedly good read.  Frederick Turner is a poet whom I've enjoyed particularly for his boldness in crossing boundaries of "genre" in his narrative poetry - he writes book-length SciFi epics in verse. The tricky bit, as you can imagine, is that very (very!) few readers of poetry would skance to glance at science fiction. Hence Turner's marvelous epics go hugely unread and vastly under-enjoyed.  William Heyen has taken a similar, anti-commercial path with this book. How many readers of poetry have had even the slightest interest in the pathetic, media-hyped fairyless-tale of Lady Di and the royals? Conversely, how many of those interested in the latter eagerly await the next issue from BOA Editions !? Like me, you probably could not help but have noticed the Di-Charles saga any more than you could have missed noticing the OJ chase. But certainly one wasn't going to expect serious poetry under such a guise!   Nevertheless, here it is: the royal duo refracted through a strange and fascinating prism. Somehow, Heyen pulls it off. I have no idea if any of the principals are actually the people portrayed here - but the latter are certainly more interesting human beings than those splattered around by the papparazzi.   Consider, for instance, how Heyen approaches the third of his trinity - the queen. She is mostly portrayed in his verse as the young proto-princess Lilibet. Somehow Heyen's approach to parsing elements of that little girl's transformation into the iconic royal visage we see waving her way through the crowds sets the stage for a closer sympathy for the more troubled pair at the heart of the story.  And story it is... Only poetry could jump and skip and fake and whirl to pull a selection of vignettes from those three lives that has a narrative pull but a human flow. In 300-odd double quatrains Heyen manages to tell a story that is steeped in the spans of time within which these royals exist but rich in a sense of their humanity.  Although Diana, the icon, gains some third dimensionality from the portrayal, it is Charles who grows out of the page the most. One would have had to live on another planet for the past two decades not to have absorbed an overall sense of the future king as, at best, a shallow character. Heyen will turn your view around.  Of course, as I mentioned above, none of the trio might actually have ever resembled the characterizations that Heyen weaves. And doubtless we all, in a thoughtful moment, had probably already given at least internal assent to the notion that there must be more to these people than meets the front page. Heyen's real accomplishment is in using a truly different form to twist the reader around to reconsider how real life is - even life lived among the unreal.     