 Dan Brown's "Da Vinci Code" really was an engrossing read. But much of its power for me and for many readers lay in how compellingly it steered us toward belief in yet another "vast conspiracy." We live, after all, in an era defined for many by a dangerous blurring between imagined great conspiracies and equally colossal but bona fide deception and cover-ups by the institutions of power. Because of its immense success, Brown's book has spawned a parasitical industry of silly, imitative pseudo-history and shallowly reactive analysis. Bart Ehrman's "Truth and Fiction..." is neither of these.  When you read first-rate Science Fiction you probably find yourself thinking, "could it be?" - the distant future becomes tangible. If you read first-class Historical Fiction you've probably felt more of an, "I knew it!" - the dim past becomes peopled and coherent. I experienced a powerful combination of both reactions when I read "The Da Vinci Code". Maybe you did too.  It was not just a ripping, good yarn; it tied together millennia-old histories that were as unknown to me as the 30th or 40th centuries are unknowable.   Ah. But the future really is fiction! It doesn't exist and is therefore subject to speculation, while the past was once someone's reality and is subject to the scrutiny of its actual artifacts. We tend to associate becoming too engrossed in futures with the tinfoil-helmet crowd, but we acknowledge the study of the past to be a legitimate field of professional study. Or do we?  Bart Ehrman is clearly one of those professionals - an historian of the Biblical and Early Christian eras. Dan Brown is a yarn-spinner. In this book Ehrman reminds us to remember that there is a difference.  Could it be? Is "The Da Vinci Code" is mostly imagined, made-up, invented. I knew it... so did you.  In this thorough but very readable and not overly pedantic book, Bart Ehrman methodically takes apart the invented histories of DVC and assembles the more likely realities for us. He does not do so in a hostile or antagonistic way; in fact he repeatedly mentions how much he enjoyed reading DVC. But he is systematic in dismantling the fundamental pseudo-history at the core of Brown's book. By dissecting out the fabrications, Ehrman helps us to see what's left: believable personalities and credible institutional motives for sure. But any good Sci-Fi writer will do the same. Brown has merely avoided the tinfoil-hat association by claiming something presumed more real for his base - the past.  Ehrman's book is also an excellent commentary upon how history is actually done. He reminds us how honest historians, especially those of the barely-documented, distant past, can only approach the "more likely" at best. But approach it they do. He does a fine job of showing how such history is accomplished when done well; of how he and his colleagues have spent lifetimes building careful layer upon careful layer of the likely. But he demonstrates why "likely" has to be enough, and how it must be contrasted with the merely "imagined." Ehrman makes it clear that one starts with the knowledge that history, even so presumably certain a past as our own "remembered" history, is always viewed through filters and passed forward to the present through distorting lenses of personality and culture. He gives a good sense of how working through this sort of fog is challenging enough not to be further burdened with reacting to fiction.  Now fiction is fiction, after all. But good Historical Fiction generally fleshes-out real events with a cultural matrix and people and personalities that are plausible. We think: "so that's why that happened." Good Science Fiction populates a future with equally-believable peoples and motives and a credible path from our "now" to their "then." We think "so that's how it's going to be." In Sci-Fi, the more distant the future, the wilder the fiction can be - but we read it as imagination and smile and enjoy. It seems that Dan Brown has created a new, more hysterical genre, call it Hy-Fi, which leaps an equal distance in the other direction to a past in which he can erect fabrications that only a clucking small crowd of historians will object to. But Ehrman is no chicken! This is clearly a David & Goliath mismatch, but Bart Ehrman has not backed down from the challenge. Good for him.     