 I only recently discovered James Ellroy with his "American Tabloid" and I loved it - see my 5-star review here on Amazon. But this follow-up work seems fundamentally flawed. Ellroy has taken a narrow slice from the wide range of techniques he employed in "Tabloid" - the staccato burst from a clip of short sentences - and used it almost exclusively here. In "Tabloid" it served to offset a certain tone or frame of mind for a character. Here it never stops, wearing away at your willingness to persevere as a reader the same way a machine-gun shreds a paper target. Overkill. I was also struck by the artificiality of the means used to create storyline continuity for the characters hatched and molded in "Tabloid." The staccato approach can hardly fill-in such gaps. Instead we are treated to an overuse of another styling from "Tabloid": the pseudo-memo. These "Directors Eyes Only" notes and the like, to or from the FBI's Hoover or the protagonists, are stretched overlong to catch the reader up to speed on character's history and motives generated in the earlier work. The quirky tone established for Hoover and some other characters in "Tabloid" is blurred by this approach. Finally, I have to say that the character epiphanies that concluded "Tabloid" seemed a little lame back then. But after such a sustained 200 mph run through the dark side of the American soul a few neat wraps did not distract. Here, in "Cold Six Thousand", I find the 'remodeled' characters from "Tabloid" strangely two-dimensional in contrast to their earlier forms. Some of them, (e.g. Howard Hughes) are just too weird for too long - what was fascinating is just odd by the second book. Some of them seem wholly transformed between the ending of "Tabloid" on the afternoon of 11/22/63 and the beginning of this book just a few hours later. If you've read "American Tabloid" I think this book will disappoint you as it did me. If you haven't read the former, much of "Cold Six Thousand" will seem just peculiar and flat... don't judge Ellroy by this flatness - set this one aside and read "Tabloid" instead.     