 I know I've got a powerful work of non-fiction on my hands when I start writing down the names of other books the author refers-to. If you are a person who is captured by books, by ideas, and especially by their conjunction, you've probably noticed this same affinity for books that demonstrate the same pleasure in crediting their antecedents.  My list for Berman's "The Twilight of American Culture" was a full page long! Let me say right off the bat, though - Berman is no William Bennett, muscling-in with his insistent, canonical listings or telling you precisely what your 6th grader needs to know (as a teacher I'm especially touchy about that one!). Berman does, in the end, articulate a powerful vision of the importance of  being aware of some of the classic works of western culture. But along the way he takes a peek at everything from the movie "Blade Runner" to Don DeLillo's "White Noise" and Miller's "A Canticle for Leibowitz." Berman's claim boils down to "same old story" - civilizations, including ours, move toward decline. This is, itself, something that has been said many times before, back to Spengler and beyond, but Berman's telling is engaging in all sorts of ways. And his proposal for spanning the decline is unique. For one thing, Berman brings a clear-eyed directness to his extensive and eclectic description of the indicators of decline. He acknowledges the important efforts of many individuals to bring about change through personal transformation and grassroots activism, then replies "lets not kids ourselves: The ability of these sorts of approaches to significantly deflect the juggernaut of global corporate capitalism in a decade or two is non-existent." A central element of Berman's discussion is, indeed the role played by the corporatization of the planetary culture, the merging of corporate and adolescent ethics, the "culture of McWorld" as he and others have termed it. In this he differs from many on the political right who have called for a return to the traditional values of the "western canon" while shining the boots of corporate capitalism. Under this economic juggernaut Berman cites four factors that are present when a civilization collapses (a) accelerating social and economic inequality, (b) declining returns from investments in solutions, (c) dropping levels of literacy and general intellectual awareness and (d) spiritual death - packaging of cultural content in formulas, kitsch. Berman does not propose halting or reversing the decline he outlines, but he also does not propose despair. Instead he suggests that we learn from history that decline is sometimes followed by regrowth; that the pace of such rebirth has been hastened or delayed by the involvement of institutions that bridged the dark eras by carrying pieces of  the old into the new. Berman proposes a similar "monastic" option with more than a casual nod to the uncertainty in either defining or accomplishing such an endeavor.   If you've read lots of this sort of cultural history stuff you might find Berman's treatment glib - certainly not academic; and if you're hip-deep in counterculture you might already have worked out your own gloom and doom scenarios. But if, like me, you've got one foot in each world, only a glossing of classical education and an itching nihilism, this book might be the scratch you're looking for.     