 Great deal, easy setup, low ongoing costs! I have owned a Brother HL-6 laser printer for about 6 years and it has held up very well. At the time I bought it, price was a major factor - but when you shop price you always wonder about quality. Aside from one small piece broken by my kids resting their feet on the printer feed tray (!) the HL-6 ran like a charm for 5 years. Only in the last year did paper jams and the like start to occur more frequently. It was time for an upgrade. But I'm still a cheap guy ! I found the HL-1240 and the price was great. I can't say how long it will last - who could ? But I expect from my experience with the other Brother laser that it will be a long time. I don't plan to use it in an office environment - just busy home use. I suppose a high-volume office might go with a higher-end model. The printer was up and running in 15 minutes. It has a built-in USB port but I used the old-fashioned parallel port; running it off my son's Windows ME machine in a small home network. It works like a charm printing on the network, too, something many [inexpensive] color inkjets don't manage. Some nice features include a better (internal) paper tray system and some that I haven't tried yet: direct feed for single-sheets and envelopes and a neat one that allows you to feed thicker paper like card stock in from the back so that it doesn't get bent on the regular curvy internal paper path. You can also set up a "watermark" that prints (light gray ??) on your sheets ("CONFIDENTIAL" for CIA types or "DRAFT" when you want everyone to know it really is!) It has a slick option for printing multiple pages in reduction - up to 16 pages scaled onto 1 page. Four-to-one makes nice (very readable at 600 dpm) "thumbnail-like" printouts. It also allows "banner" type printing. I tried to 'blow-up' a one page print to a 2 by 2 banner. It did the scaling but included small (1/4") margins all around so I'd still have to cut and tape to end up with my 17 x 22 banner. I'll bet there is some way around this that I haven't found - yet. I really like their toner cartridge pricing...This compares very well with some other brands that go for [more money]. A 6000-sheet capable cartridge is also available. Don't know the price. If you are comparing to inkjets you know (don't you !) that the cost per page for inkjets - even Black & white, is much higher than lasers. You can go broke when your kids print out internet pages for homework and the like. Consider, instead, a [inexpensive] inkjet for color only AND a laser like this... desk space could be an issue but this is a compact unit and the color inkjets are getting teeny. You'll save a lot aiming all your regular B&W printing to the laser....The only negative I could honk about arises because of another feature - the ability to load "legal" size paper into the paper tray. This means the tray extends out the back of the printer about 4 inches, even when its loaded with regular letter paper. That extra capability is one I'll never use so the need for the extra desktop clearance is annoying. Otherwise, overall the unit is a nice, compact package about 12" x 12 by about 10" high. Quick. Did I mention its quick. Of course you saw that in the specs. But moving to 12 ppm from my old 6 ppm is a huge jump... printouts are just... there ! Great product.     