 This book is academia's version of the exploitation of our post-9/11 fears that the pulp presses have shamefully demonstrated with their hastily-published grim pictorials of Ground Zero. But the academics want you to believe that they capital-U-understand what has happened, and they will flock to elevate one of their own to that end. I doubt if half of the positive reviews steering this book to best-seller lists actually finished the book. I did, and do not recommend it. (Note, even, how the paperback release has a subtly different subtitle - someone is working hard to "position" this book based on appearance rather than substance).  * * *  With so many westerners looking for answers as they look to the Middle East and Islam, its no surprise that this book has been well received by many reviewers. Like you, and me, they have been jolted to step back and actually look at a region of the world long consigned to the backwaters of interest by Western intellectual elites. It really is a puzzle, isn't it? How could the empires that we credit with much of our intellectual heritage - empires that were pre-eminent on the globe (excepting perhaps China) for 500 years - how could they have disappeared so completely from the main stage of history? Now, in our time, it has become a truly dangerous puzzle as we view the violent efforts of some to restore the primacy of fundamentalist Islam. What went wrong, indeed; a fascinating and important question upon which Mr. Lewis, the New York Times' "doyen of Middle Eastern studies", ought to have cast some valuable insight. Instead, this book can be added to the shamefully growing stack of publishing industry attempts to cash in on the post-9/11 fears of the West. That the publisher is the esteemed Oxford University Press only demonstrates the more so how difficult the western elites are finding this challenge to be. They have few answers but will smother us with their attempts. "What Went Wrong" is a poorly stitched-together amalgam of ideas large and small - more often the later. Broad themes such as the relative status of women in Christendom and Islam receive merely a wave or two, roughly equivalent in this "analysis" to the differing role of the theater in the two cultures. One comes away thinking that the lack of timepieces in Islamic societies and the lack of perspective in their art might be as important as the role of slavery or the non-Muslim in their worldview. The book provides very little analysis and no perspective. Perhaps Lewis has honestly answered the precise question, "what" went wrong by creating this meandering laundry list of "things that are different between" the two cultures or "ways in which the Middle East did not adopt western modes". Perhaps I was expecting too much in assuming the implicit "why" and "how" in that title. The book ends with an interesting enough chapter entitled "conclusion" - except that it is actually more appropriately an introduction! No pieces of argument are called together to summation. On the contrary, the intriguing questions that might launch our inquiry into the divergence of the two cultures are coherently, if vaguely, stated. Notwithstanding a brief apologia at the beginning noting the book being in "page proof" when the twin towers were felled, it seems obvious that this conclusion was tacked-on after the events of September 11. Only at the last page do you discover a hint of how such an odd book might have come together. An "Afterword" notes that, "the core of this book was a series of three public lectures given at..."  Aha! That's what went wrong! Someone seeking post-9/11 "material" realized that three interesting, albeit narrowly academic lectures about the Middle East combining with three hundred million people asking "why?" could hit the charts. Toss in academics and reviewers and so-called intellectual elites anxious to show that they can bring their heretofore invisible abilities to solve "the problem of Islam" and you've got the mixings for a shameful mess. One star for lots of interesting little bits and a few big questions - which someone, hopefully, will take a stab at actually answering someday.     