 Admittedly I err in posting this review. After all, I didn't even become "literary" until I read James Merrill for the first time in 1992, late in his career and well after the world of letters had recognized and honored his life's work. His writing led me to Dante and Milton and eventually to a broad sweep of modern poets. It might lead you there as well. Alison Lurie, on the other hand quickly establishes her credentials in "Familiar Spirits" as both early, close friend of Merrill, and established member of his literary circle going back over forty years. Who am I to question her re-casting of the poet I know only through luminous verse and conversations with the gods, as a mere mortal? She knew the man. It was she, Lurie reminds us, whom he called, even in his sixties, to weep about a quarrel with his lover. She called him Jimmy.  James Merrill's poetry seemed so often to be glancingly autobiographical... the people and places (and absences) in his life were a substrate upon which he grew some startling and wonderful poetry. But it was always only refracted autobiography. One wondered at the life itself. Yet, during his lifetime, Merrill rarely obliged with more than the slightest bits of extra-poetic reflection. When Merrill died in 1995 many readers mourned the fact that we would be offered no more glimpses of that life, which had come to illuminate our own in surprising ways. Perhaps, had he lived, his admirers would have eventually, greedily, consumed him. Instead, into the vacuum of that terminated story, came this insider view - a delightful prospect. Reading it, delight turns to dismay as Merrill is, instead, consumed here by a friend. This book is a rambling hodge-podge of disconnected anecdote and amateurish psychology. Lurie trots out sweeping theories of Merrill and Jackson's flaws while repeatedly noting that in 40-plus years of friendship, of observing the damage she documents here, she was silent. I kept wondering, "why didn't you say something to them?" She notices that in the single reference to her in "Sandover" Merrill mentions "Alison's shrewd / silence." Perhaps she neglects to wonder if Merrill's famously developed pun'ishness wasn't anticipating this shrewish and narrow 'memoir.' Lurie is almost embarrassing in her evident need for us to believe she was a key player in lives and works that she is simultaneously trashing. She hints that her own comment about the lack of prose writers in the pantheon of characters visited in Sandover might account for the "sudden appearance of Jane Austen and Dickens" in the last part of the trilogy. That coy "sudden" is emblematic of Lurie's style here. (Odd, too, that she was such a fine observer of the poem when she acknowledges that she did not ever read the final two-thirds of "Sandover" until setting out on this book). The credits do not roll the other way, though. She is deeply troubled by David Jackson's inability to get his own work published (rightly suggesting that he deserves some form of co-authorship for "Sandover") and mourns his creative decay. She cites as an example of his "intermittent" creative energy his writing of "proposals for work other people might write." One of these, "a Key West ghost story that I eventually wrote" - she hastens to assure us, "in a different version." Doubtless Merrill's relationships were as complex and reactive as life will always provide. It's sad to learn that his lifelong beloved, Jackson, is now an emphysemic and alcoholic ghost. It's instructive to consider how their 20-years-long connections to their muses at the Ouija board might represent a collaboration deserving of more examination. It's troubling to wonder at how Peter Hooten, the last love of Merrill's life, might have manipulated the ego of the poet to gain latecomer entrance to the sanctorum Lurie describes from within. But it's just plain unsettling to be led to wonder at the more complex nature of these deep and abiding relationships in Merrill's life by such a shallow and un-insightful guide. Within "Sandover" itself, Merrill refers to the story as that of "the incarnation and withdrawal of a god." For those of us whose admiration of the man's work cast a mirrored glow on the man himself, a similar withdrawal toward reality is probably a necessary salting. But for the dose of reality to be delivered in such an arch and artless way would surely have left Merrill himself wincing. Not at Lurie's accusations of his myriad blind spots when it came to love, he centered much of his writing around that mystery, but at the singularly graceless form in which they are delivered, here, decades too late. The appearance of this book becomes something of a commentary on the nature of friendship, on fame, and on the conjunction of the two. Frankly, if Lurie's was as reciprocal a friendship as she would have us believe, that, alone, raises more powerful doubts in one's mind about Merrill's ability to build relationships than any of her psychobabble. But too many, commenting more briefly thus far, have claimed the opposite - have glowed in their descriptions of Merrill as friend - for one not to conclude that Lurie drew some of her conclusions through a darker glass. The book ends with a luridly counterbalancing "afterwards", waxing eloquent about Merrill's life and work - even to the extent of including Hooten, cast throughout as gold-digger and "B" movie player, in a trio of "beautiful and gifted young men." It neatly reflects the schizophrenia of this book, or perhaps the post-prandial doubts of its author. If you know little of James Merrill's work, read his poetry first, read "Sandover", too. If, instead, you know and love his work, you are in for a strange experience if you read this book. The second star in this review exists only because the complexity of Merrill's work and life reflects light into this strange, dark little book in ways its author cannot be credited with.     