 Graham Joyce's fiction mingles fantasy with the mainstream, which, like Jonathan Carroll, often leaves him labeled, for lack of a better description, as a magic realist. Joyce's early books, particularly his masterworks Requiem (1995) and The Tooth Fairy (1996), were templates for how to expertly blend the magical with the mundane.  His passion and edginess and willingness to embrace the fantastic in these books deservedly brought him multiple World Fantasy Awards and, more importantly, an avid cult following in genre circles - of which, I happily call myself an acolyte.  My first Joyce novel, Requiem - a modern, religious-themed fantasy - took me unsuspectingly by storm, leaving me anxiously awaiting each of his new novels.  His following novel, The Tooth Fairy, upped the ante, and proved Joyce's versatility, tackling childhood superstition and coming-of-age themes with a plaintive, albeit, optimistic eye.  The reason I continue to diligently read Graham Joyce is because of these two novels.  Then there are his post-Tooth Fairy books: Dark Sister (1999), Indigo (1999), Smoking Poppy (2002), and The Facts of Life (2003), all deeply satisfying, although also deeply flawed and well short of Requiem and The Tooth Fairy.  Now, Joyce gives us The Limits of Enchantment, which is a long way from Requiem with its very mainstream, very accessible first-person narrator, Fern Cullen.  Her story is one of a young woman grappling with the moribund rituals of her magical ancestry as they clash with the burgeoning culture of rock 'n roll, drugs, and science in a late 1960s English village.  It's the kind of episodic, predictable story that delves too deeply into unforgivable melodrama - when Fern's Mammy grows ill and Fern's sanity is questioned by the town's people, the plot unfolds in expected fashion.  The Limits of Enchantment reveals a writer who has dismissed the kind of inventive and strange fantasy stories that earned him a cult following, in exchange for an easy-to-swallow soap opera with supernatural undertones (undertones that I would have liked to have seen brought to the fore a bit more often).  The amazing feat here, is that the book is not bereft of merits: thanks to swift pacing and a very likable narrator, the book has the comforts of an old quilt - one with many holes and flaws.  Joyce's stories once felt dangerous, his storytelling skills boundless.  The Limits of Enchantment could not feel more safe, or more like a book by an author who has become too comfortable in his own clothes.  Many genre critics have declared this book another Joyce masterpiece, a book that deserves to gain him wider readership, and have named him one of the genre community's best.  On his past work, he certainly deserves to be read, but that does not justify giving his latest a free pass.  Because The Limits of Enchantment is no great work of literature - it is fun, it is safe, like a 1950s cinematic melodrama.  And it is definitely not a Requiem or The Tooth Fairy.  This humble critic can only hope that one day the author who wrote these early books will return.     