 Howl's Moving Castle is Hayao Miyazaki's new film, based on the Diana Wynne Jones' 1986 novel. The Japanese Miyazaki is undisputedly the world's greatest living animator, but his popularity in America has hovered around "cult" since the release of 1999's Princess Mononoke and 2001's Spirited Away. He won the Oscar for the latter film, but greater recognition has eluded him in America, while he has continued to break box-office records in his home country (Spirited Away is the #1 grossing film in Japan, just ahead of Titanic). Miyazaki's lack of box-office success in America can be attributed to the idiosyncratic, non-Hollywood quality of his films; and his stories, because of their attention to detail, unravel slowly --at least for animated films -- and their flights of fancy -- sometimes surreal and frightening, always awe-inspiring -- are too unfamiliar for a multiplex audience to easily digest.  Howl, at least visually, shares all of the wonderful characteristics of Miyazaki's prior films -- there are many images from Howl that I will not soon forget, particularly the piecemeal construction of the moving castle and the character Howl's bird-like transformation. But coming after the near-perfect Spirited Away, the story of Howl leaves a bit to be desired, especially in its cliche-ridden central character Sophie. At the film's onset, Sophie is a young girl lacking self-esteem. Her life is changed after a flirtatious encounter with Howl, which causes the jealous Witch of the Waste to transform her into an elderly woman. The elderly Sophie travels to Howl's moving castle, in hope of removing the Witch's curse, which is where the central action of the story ensues. Ultimately, the film ends abruptly with Sophie learning to love herself and the literally-heartless Howl, a too-familiar turn of plot that doesn't do the rest of the film justice.  Howl's Moving Castle, while imperfect, contains many qualities that could only have come from the imagination of the cinema's greatest fantasist. The dreamy way the story unfolds, the warm camaraderie of the characters, and the mix of haunting and enchanting images -- Howl is clearly the work of Hayao Miyazaki. It's a movie best appreciated on a purely visual, sensual level, and even though there are character and plot shortcomings, it's a movie I will certainly return to over the years, as the lived-in feel of the moving castle is a place that will surely occupy my imagination for years to come.   This is Miyazaki's most audience-friendly film since Kiki's Delivery Service (1988) and a good introduction to his unique brand of storytelling. Whether you're a diehard Miyazaki fan or a tyro, Howl's Moving Castle is a must-see movie.      