 Clive Barker's Abarat series continues where the first left off, both in continuing Candy Quackenbush's quest to discover her place in this colorful, highly imaginative world, and in its failure to grip the reader with a compelling and original narrative pulse.   First, let it be clearly stated, Days of Magic, Nights of War is a highly imaginative flight of fancy, with beautiful paintings by the author that enhance the text.  It is unfortunate that the story never lives up to Barker's art or the mind's eye visuals he creates with his clear prose.  Consistently in the Abarat series, Barker's story feels forced; it is obvious that the images preceded the story.  Too often does Barker's plot resemble a patchwork of story ideas from his prior novels; story ideas that once felt exhiliratingly fresh but now feel tired and uninspired.  Candy seems no more than a child version of John Furie Zacharias' Savior-to-be character from Imajica, the 25th Hour no more than a sanitized, all-age friendly version of Kissoon's Loop from the Books of the Art, the ghost of Henry roaming Chickentown no different than the ghosts that haunted Everville.  The Abarat, sadly to say, adds nothing new to Barker's canon of stories.  And, ultimately, that is what is most disappointing about The Abarat series: its utter predictability.  For the reader there is never a doubt about Candy's place in the Abarat.  Yet Barker narrates incessantly about her role, even providing the villain Wolfswinkel with a lengthy monologue late in the book explaining Candy's role to any reader that might still be unclear.    Barker's underestimation of his readers results in an overwritten, un-mysterious novel.  The Abarat's characters frequently feel heavy-handed (i.e. Candy's father, who is nothing more than a rather annoying caricature of a drunken, abusive father). And the plot zips along without guidance, randomly choosing which scene to focus on (i.e. Finnegan and the gang don't show up until well after page 200).  The Abarat is a strange failure; it's almost beguiling how poor it is next to Barker's other books--certainly disappointing, considering the unique visuals and the striking creativity displayed in individual scenes.  It makes one long for the days of The Great and Secret Show, Imajica, Everville, Sacrament, Galilee, and Coldheart Canyon.  One can only hope Barker's next adult projects, a short novel that pits Pinhead vs. Harry D'amour and the film Tortured Souls, will sway him from finishing the Abarat Quartet and motivate him to finish his mythologies that matter: Galilee 2 and The Third Book of the Art.     