 After reading 5 of Jonathan Carroll's novels, I am certain of this much: his stories, told in clear and urbane prose, are compelling page-turners that, much like British fantasist Graham Joyce's, straddle the threshold of reality and fantasy.  In The Marriage of Sticks, Miranda, his first-person elderly narrator, recounts in her journal a life turned upside down after mysterious, seemingly coincidental occurrences begin taking place after attending a 15-year class reunion.    What's so enjoyable about Carroll's writing is the investment he puts in to his protagonists.  Miranda is no different: I found her to be a sympathetic, flawed, and likable narrator.   Which is why the explanation of the strange phenomena in Miranda's life, revealed in the book's second half, left me a tad befuddled.  Without giving too much away, it was hard for me to believe this character, who seemed to go through life without treating others with too much malice or magnanimity, was declared by Carroll as a metaphorical vampire!     Now, Miranda seems neither more or less of a vampire than the rest of human kind, and that may be Carroll's point: to make his readers examine themselves and question their own actions.  If Miranda is selfish though appears otherwise, might we also be guilty of a similar selfishness? Might our actions, like Miranda's, reverberate with all of those we touch in the world?    Needless to say, The Marriage of Sticks is filled with wonderful observations about life - as are all of Carroll's books.  Unfortunately, also like his other books, the fantasy element, the metaphysics that make up the Carroll-world, feel incomplete and are rendered a bit sloppily: too much explanation through dialogue of his surreal world, which eliminates much of the story's mystery.  Of course, this short changing of a richer fantasy world is one of the reasons The Marriage of Sticks can clock in at under 300 pages.  Ironically, one of Carroll's comendable traits is his ability to write such taut novels.   I really enjoyed The Marriage of Sticks, and also highly recommend the related, semi-sequel The Wooden Sea.  Carroll's books, regardless of your opinion on their merits, are essential reading to understanding what's happening in contemporary fantasy.     