 George Romero's Land of the Dead, the fourth in his series of zombie movies, opened this weekend in theaters nationwide. I have never understood the cult of Night of the Living Dead, Dawn of the Dead, and Day of the Dead, as their one-note, nihilistic stories always appeared to me as little more than gore-pornography. Even so, I've always enjoyed horror films from the 70s and 80s, even bad ones, and must admit to taking some mild enjoyment from these films, but more for their anarchic spirit than for their storytelling and characterizations.  I've also never understood why George Romero has received such critical praise, finding his films impersonal, visually bland, and without creative energy. In fact, Romero's one defining characteristic as a director is his unflinching, unrelenting camera; this is a man with a genuine eye for gore -- make of that what you will -- and for me this is evidence of a juvenile, non-evolving psyche. Ironically, my favorite of his directorial efforts is Creepshow, a fun homage to EC Comics, but which owes most of its success to the screenplay by Stephen King.   If it wasn't for last year's two excellent zombie flicks, Shaun of the Dead and the remake of Romero's Dawn of the Dead, I probably wouldn't have been as interested in Land of the Dead. And if it wasn't for the financial success of these two films, Romero would have never gotten the funding for Land, and the world wouldn't be subjected to this uninspired bloody mess.  74 percent of the critics at rottentomatoes.com find this movie the work of a "master" film-maker. Somehow they forgive Romero his complete and utter lack of character development and camaraderie, his heavy-handed political allusions (bashing the Bush administration isn't an adequate replacement for bad writing), and the obvious financial limitations that Romero could not overcome (this looked like bad TV, with gore).   Land of the Dead is a remarkably bad movie and, like all of the Dead movies, it is less a piece of storytelling than a series of gorey observations. It's too tedius and awful a movie to contemplate for long, but I guess awful is what has made the career of George Romero and what his many fans continue to want. Personally, I can't understand it.     