 Actually, this soundtrack is less "druggy" than the spacey "More" soundtrack. It does have the atmospheric title instrumental, distinguished mainly by Gilmour's guitar playing, and which is followed by "When You're In", which sounds rather too much like the same thing (I like to program my CD player so that "When You're In" actually plays after "Wots...Uh the Deal". It also ends with the oh-so atmospheric "Absolutely Curtains", which is pleasant enough with organ and tympani and ending with tribal chants (from Papua New Guinea?). A lot of the material here sounds like a dry run for "Dark Side of the Moon", which they were in fact working on when they made this album. A little noted fact: this was the first Pink Floyd album on which synthesisers (which would be an integral part of the Pink Floyd sound on their classic '70s albums)were extensively used. Some highlights:  "Burning Bridges"- a nice atmospheric Rick Wright organ piece with evocative Roger Waters lyrics sung by Dave Gilmour on the verses and Rick Wright on the bridge (as they would do on "Time"), capped off by some great slide work by Gilmour. Perfect early to mid-'70s Floyd "Wots, Uh the Deal"- Pink Floyd do country(!?) quite well here. More sublime slide playing by Gilmour. Good lyrics by Waters. "Wigwam"- Instrumental interplay between electric piano, organ, soaring guitar and synthesiser- it's a bit like "Any Colour You Like" on "Dark Side". "Childhood's End"- Great rock song by David Gilmour with (surprise) good lyrics by David Gilmour, with, of course, a great guitar solo by Gilmour. "Free Four"- a seemingly upbeat accoustic ditty, but the synthesiser chimes in a note of doom at the end of each bar, and the lyrics are gloomy toor, in fact they sum up his upcoming lyrical preoccupations pretty well. He sings about life and death "Life is a short warm moment/And death as long cold rest/You get your chance to try in the twinkling of an eye/Eighty years with luck or even less"; pop stardom "So all aboard for the American tour, and maybe you'll make it to the top/But mind how you go and I can tell you 'cause I know/ You may find it hard to get off"; and his father's death in the war "You are the angel of death, and I am the dead man's son/ He was buried like a mole in a foxhole, and everyone's still on the run". Relief and release is provided in the chorus with a soaring guitar solo. Stay- A nice piano piece by Wright, and sung by him, with words by Waters. But again Gilmour steals the show- he and his wah-wah pedal. All in all it was....Obscured by Clouds.     