 I will start this review off by addressing those of you who know who The Rasmus are. For those who have heard "In The Shadows" off of their newest album, "Dead Letters" and now want here some of their older stuff this CD is one of the best ways to do that. This CD is a special edition so it comes with 4 songs that were not on the original edition and also the music video for "F-F-F-Falling". If you have the Dead Letters CD then you have heard F-F-F-Falling (this CD is the one that the song was originally from) Almost all of the other songs on this CD are fast paced just as it is.     Now to those of you who haven't heard of The Rasmus. I will start by telling you a little about the band. The Rasmus are a band from Finland that have been around for 10 years. They have sold gold and platinum with all 5 of there CDs. With their new CD "Dead Letters" they are expanding their fan base to the UK, Asia and overseas to Canada and the USA. The "Into" CD is more upbeat and lively than Dead Letters which has a darker sound(both are CDs are highly worth buying). Like I said, the songs on this CD are upbeat and when you listen to the music you can't help but feel happy/energetic.    Now about the songs:  Madness- fast paced song you can't help but like  Bullet- "like a bullet you can hurt me..." all around great song  Chill- the lyrics "every time when I painted my room, like fool I hid my feelings..." describes this song  F-F-F-Falling- Very catchy song that will have you hooked  Heartbreaker- quickly paced song about a girl who wanted to be a "heartbreaker"   Smash- song with more of a serious tone  Someone Else- the line "...make her boyfriend understand that things are not what they used to be..." describe this song  Small Town- about someone sick of being in a small town  One & Only- "...one and only lonely..." about coming back and things not being the same  Last Waltz- "confusion leads the dance, we're waiting for the last waltz" that describes this relationship  Days- bonus track off of the "Heartbreaker" single  Can't Stop Me- bonus track off of the "Chill" single  Play Dead- track off the Madness single(Cover of the Bjork song)  Used To Feel Before- from the Madness single    If you are still iffy about this CD, do a little research of your own. Check out www.therasmusstreetteam.org and check out the music videos for "F-F-F-Falling" and "Chill" to give you a taste of the album (You can also check out a live performance of Bullet and Madness). (For those of you who are fans of The Rasmus, join the street team and help promote.)     