 If you're reading this, then you've seen this movie or are at least curious what all the hype is about?    The late Stanley Kubrick, the only major filmmaker Lynch has cited as a direct cinematic influence, believed that ERASERHEAD was one of the most perfect "cinematic experiences" created to date.  This movie has enjoyed success on the midnight movie circuit for years, particularly in NYC where it ran almost every night for something like five years straight. I've seen it on big and little screens in three different states.  Insofar as interpretations are concerned, I've long since tossed all that out the window.  In terms of rational comprehension, ERASERHEAD is the fabled big fish that remains brilliantly elusive of any attempts to capture it.     This movie gets better, and more humorous, every time I watch it: in my opinion - ERASERHEAD is the cinematic experience that comes the closest to capturing "dream logic", next to the equally brilliant WAKING LIFE.  If you ever get the chance, watch ERASERHEAD in a movie theater with a great sound system - you will understand why Stanley Kubrick was moved enough to make his statement.  It's like experiencing someone else's dream - the ultimate act of voyeurism?  As if I was granted audience to a demonstration of delicate brain surgery, and catching glimpses of the patient's face throughout the operation (particularly the opening scene).  It creates such a visceral landscape with its dark, peculiar selections of image and sound, that it seems to be constantly reminding you that the "soul" is helplessly sloshing around somewhere inside an organic bag of blood, bone, hair follicles, industrial shrapnel, dirt piles and antique radiators; a terrifying and beautiful delineation of a living creature suddenly made aware of its own being (birth imagery abounding).  It is a perfect symphony of sound and image, amazing work for a first time feature film director!  I've seen this movie placed in the HORROR section at local video stores; it's better suited for the COMEDY section, I fear.  The movie was created on the AFI campus in California; production beginning his last year there, and continuing on for several more years in secret.  Not for everyone, but certainly worth a peek.    I own a copy of ERASERHEAD on DVD, finally.  It is available at David Lynch's website for forty-five bucks plus shipping and handling.  Remastered sound and image, includes a few extras - the standout is a "stylized" interview with Lynch about the making of the film, the characters involved and anecdotes.    BTW - where is WILD AT HEART and LOST HIGHWAY for our DVD pleasure?     