 What can anyone say about Robert Johnson that hasn't already been stated?  The music he left us just has that feel of someone who has traveled the humid shadows of the early twentieth century, checked into every dive hotel and motel across the Bible belt, stomped his feet in more than a few juke joints, courted the devil and let everyone know about it, smoked a few cigarettes, drank his share liquor, tasted love and was bitten more than once.  The more you listen, the more your imagination is sparked.   This particular collection showcases the 29 songs he recorded - minus the variations.  If you are a casual listener, this is a marvelous retrospective of the music.  If you are more of a completist, then the critically acclaimed box set is what you want.  To be honest, I'm not a big fan of the blues - in all its various styles.  A few things I like are R.L. BURNSIDE - TOO BAD JIM, JIMI HENDRIX - BLUES and various things from MUDDY WATERS, SON HOUSE and HUDDIE LEDBETTER.  A quote from the CD liner notes by Tony Watts: "If details of Robert Johnson's life are shadowy, there is nothing at all indistinct about his music which is full of the most elemental power imaginable.  Obviously a driven man, he attempted to exorcise his demons through the medium of his songs..."  I sometimes wonder if it's because this guy left so few facts about his life behind, that his music becomes that much better?  The popular story of his life's end is he was poisoned by a jealous husband he had cuckolded, and then buried in an unmarked grave after midnight.  The king is gone but he's not forgotten:  Does the mystery and drama of his short life actually float the music, add to its potency and make it transcendent above what it actually is?  My recommendation is to take a listen for yourself.  For whatever the reason, I can't stop listening to this collection of great songs.  Personal favorites are - HELLHOUND ON MY TRAIL, MALTED MILK, LITTLE QUEEN OF SPADES, IF I HAD POSESSION OVER JUDGEMENT DAY, FROM FOUR `TIL LATE and STOP BREAKIN' DOWN BLUES.  Enjoy.     