 WILD AT HEART on DVD.  I've been waiting on this day for a long, long, long time.    The first time I saw this movie, I was floored.  Few movies excel in creating such an atmosphere of heat and humid drama on screen so well (DO THE RIGHT THING & STRAY DOG come to mind).  Mr. Lynch brings the raw, kinetic lives of Barry Gifford's characters to the screen in his own particular way & everything about this movie just screams rock and roll and dangerous things.  The design of the film recalls elements of film noir, motorcycle and B-movies from the fifties and even a dusting of the gritty seventies.  As for the cast?  Diane Ladd can wear puke & fly on a broomstick with sparkling brilliance.  Harry Dean Stanton ain't nothin' but a hound dog; Willem Dafoe, rivaled only by Dennis Hopper, draws a wicked flame of evil as Bobby Peru - his scene with Laura Dern is incredible; Nicolas Cage channels alot of the same power that E had & Laura Dern fills her red ruby slippers with a delicious, trailer trash sweetness.  Marcello Santos, Drop Shadow, Reggie, Mr. Reindeer, Uncle Pooch - characters all, shipwrecked on planet Earth.  If you enjoy film noir, trashy romances - then say no more - this is just the one for you.  The DVD transfer looks spectacular, the extras are juicy and the only thing lacking would be a commentary track, I guess.  But the movie is certainly good enough to speak for itself.    OK - in reference to another reviewer (ixta coytl) - David Lynch guilty of plagiarism?  A dog with a hand in its mouth is most certainly, most definitely taken from YOJIMBO.  So what, it doesn't warrant "borderline plagiarism"?  At the end of GOODFELLAS, the very last image of Joe Pesci shooting at the screen is taken from a silent film called THE GREAT TRAIN ROBBERY (Edwin S. Porter).  GOODFELLAS is now an imitation of that film?  Artists borrow and steal from each other constantly; the above examples are hardly suggesting plagiarism.  Also, checking your characters into a motel isn't grounds for plagiarism either - even if it is from the great TOUCH OF EVIL.  The "seedy motel" has a long tradition in films that fall under the genres of film noir, southern gothic or the classic road movie.  Everyone needs to stop somewhere for the night sooner or later.    So, keep on kickin' (...) on the dance floor & tellin' EVERYONE what's on your almost perfect mind...      