 M. is a hack, a second-place magician in a high school talent show.  He's drawn comparisons to Hitchcock and Spielberg - in the same sentence no less?  Resting on the laurels of exactly ONE good movie, he manages to eek out a career for himself.  Since THE SIXTH SENSE, his movies have gotten progressively worse.  UNBREAKABLE was fair at best.  An interesting idea with a dull, rumbling ride to the conclusion.  SIGNS was a very rough movie to watch.  The characters were cookie-cutter samples of human emotion and conflict - toss in a guy in an alien suit and you have what exactly?  A bad joke.  Now, THE VILLAGE...    Mr. Shyamalan's "entertainments" are about as mediocre as you can get - and I really do wish I could enjoy his movies.  They seem to lack something.  Walking out of this one, I felt like I had just witnessed a badly executed parlor trick disguised as a vague "social commentary" piece.  Bryce Howard is a wonderful actress; I hope to see more of her in the future.  She takes a lifeless character and gives her depth.  The other cast members also played their parts wonderfully - too bad it wasn't another movie.  The trailer seemed creepy; a dark fairytale or ghost story set in the 19th century.  Nice idea, haven't seen one of those in a while.  I pay the eight bucks, and watched this thing unfold:   THE VILLAGE had absolutely no suspense, no tension - a few cheap scares along the way - but nothing to make the "trick" ending worth the ride.  I won't give it away for those who haven't seen the movie, but the whole story is so flat and badly contrived, that it doesn't really matter.  The pay off was in the vein of the "Twilight Zone" & when it was revealed, I could almost hear the squeaky curtain and see the wizard furiously working the controls to an out-of-control smoke machine.  I'm not looking for depth or stories that cleverly draw an allegory of our world every time I go to the movies, but would like something above... this?  Pretty cinematography, composition and cheap thrills do NOT make good movies - that would be like having a handsome nose with loose teeth and no eyeballs.    I read a review that stated this movie was "smart... an intelligent thrill-ride".  No it wasn't - it was awful rubbish.  And reading some of the other reviews here, I get the impression they'd enjoy watching chocolate balls melt in their hand... or it's completely possible I saw another movie with the same title and premise?   A twisted ending, to be sure.                 