 This movie was lots of fun. The story was so gritty and affecting. I remember after watching it for the first time, I made my own sword from scrap wood & laid into some mailboxes and windshields.  Ancient Rome burned in my heart.  GLADIATOR charges the blood with electricity. The characters are so compelling, deep and human. The villain, played to perfection by Joaquin Phoenix, was pure brilliance.  Russell Crowe dips his hand into the gritty Earth and produces a hero of uncommon, brutal honesty.  The lions, the vicious cheers of a blood-thirsty crowd...  I give this movie exactly ONE STAR.  The story, even for an epic, was compelling for a grand total of five minutes.  The plot blunders predictably along, creating little or no emotional momentum & absolutely no sense of adventure.  Kids in a sandbox could contrive a better story than this piece of garbage.  About an hour into this vacuum, I just wanted Russell Crowe to kill Commodus so I could get back to my life.    Joaquin Phoenix "vexed" me with his paper thin performance as the twisted, impotent usurper.  Perhaps Phoenix can't be blamed for the job he turned in?  They gave him such a narrow, cardboard role to play - a weak foil to the driven, fertile, masculine Maximus.  There was no descent into madness; something vaguely human that would have at least given some dimension to this silly story.    Ridley Scott created a beautiful film.  The cinematography was masterful - like a crazy European car commercial.  A wild, powerful sports car rolls into the coliseum, everyone stops their torturous acting & begins to feel the fine interiors, check under the hood, blare some music and then comment on the trunk space.  Maybe a quick ride to showcase the vehicle's performance?  A lion could sit on the hood and roar a little bit - an obvious appeal to the grunting desire to identify with virility and power that lurks in all of us.  Oh well.  The mass appeal of this bore was a clear demonstration of the famous quote: "a sucker is born every minute."        