 What's all the ballyhoo about?  Genre defining?  Maybe if the genre was SUCK.  How could 50,000 [MATRIX] fans be wrong?  For every reason in the book.  I guess you have to be hooked up to a hoover vacuum cleaner to really enjoy this useless, dead-fly-on-the-sill, dust-ball-in-the-corner, two-year-old-christmas-tinsel of a movie.  I can just hear one of the ten-thousand copies of THE MATRIX video talking to me as I pass it by in the local rental store, "Why do you hate me?  Why don't you just simmer down..." First of all, Keanu Reeves is about as wooden an actor as you can get.  Even Mark Hamill had some depth playing an everyman, blank slate of an action hero who takes a similar archetypal journey.  I'm just surprised Keanu had brains enough to take the correct pill so this shinola-load of a plot could continue.  But I digress?  Larry "Laurence" Fishburne plays his part like he's recording a books-on-tape version of SENSE AND SENSIBILITY.  I'm surprised, because he worked out so well in SCHOOL DAZE and APOCALYPSE NOW.  But I can't fault the actors really, they were handed this shlock of a script to a movie which has every yo-yo thinking they are better off somehow for having experienced this?  I guess this flick is about as challenging, mentally, as that other over-rated junkpile GLADIATOR.  Does all this cheap philosophy really get the brain tumors worked up?  Its like dropping a shiney object in a pond and watching all the fish clamor after it.  This movie was actually pretty bland and full of holes if you remove the special effects.  I found the references to ALICE IN WONDERLAND heavy-handed and cheesey.  I love ALICE IN WONDERLAND and recommend sitting down to read that book as an alternative to viewing this snooze of a movie.  I was surprised they didn't use the Jefferson Airplane song WHITE RABBIT - or at least have a techno-monstrosity version of it?  Maybe they did and I was too zoned out of boredom to notice.   "Wow, we are really in an faux-reality controlled by the very machines we created?  Sheesh - you don't say?  Better roll out some special effects to put a hurtin' to these roving mongoloid footballs..."  THE ORACLE should have tried cooking up some fried eggs, because the cast was certainly wearing it on their faces.  I guess the only redeeming ounce of quality in this thing was the certifiably cool robo-villain, AGENT SMITH.  I was amazed by him - he was like a DEVO record actualized.  Stomping, in his own special Agent Smith way, on the skulls of our thinly drawn heroes.  I imagined Agent Smith wearing a huge DELETE button around his neck, erasing this movie as he went along.  Then, there were so many of him in the sequel MATRIX RELOADED - THE SEARCH FOR MORE MONEY, I felt certain at least one of the Agent Smiths would have a DELETE button stowed away in his breast pocket?  That would have been worth the eight bucks.  But now I'm obviously getting into SPACEBALLS territory.  I couldn't get this far without offering some alternative selections to cure a paying audience of this infection, now could I?  For starters: in addition to SPACEBALLS, 2001: A SPACE ODYESSEY, EMPIRE STRIKES BACK, BLADERUNNER, ALIEN(S), TOTAL RECALL, STARSHIP TROOPERS, CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND, MARS ATTACKS, 12 MONKEYS, THE THING, THEY LIVE!, TIME BANDITS, THX-1138, ENEMY MINE, PREDATOR and ROBOCOP - I offer the darkly brilliant DARK CITY.  Yes, this movie will be observed as slow and boring by the five star gushers here; but in terms of originality, vibrance, and just plain storytelling know-how -  well it leaves THE MATRIX slithering in the dust.  DARK CITY was like Alfred Hitchcock had returned from his deep carbon freeze, slipped on a pair of nice fitting SCI-FI shoes and went to bat for us one more time. So, to answer the video copy of THE MATRIX sitting on the local store shelf, "why do you hate me so?"  Well, I don't hate you.  I just think you are a mindless twerp of a movie that champions every idiotic impulse imaginable in the American psyche.  This thing is about as sophisticated as a Broadway musical.  NEO is a vapid, mindless puke of a character if I ever saw one - and the casting of TED LOGAN in that role was probably the only right move the directors made?  CAPTAIN EO - sorry, I meant NEO - wants to rock and roll so badly, that it hurts.  Better call Deputy Van Halen in to save the day!  This movie deserves half a star - but I gave it two stars only because they represent the two hours of my life I will never get back.  This is the only consolation I could find... for now.   Good luck boys, I'm sure the series will be a hit.     