 FELLINI SATYRICON - the first film I experienced directed by Federico Fellini.  I was with two or three other people in a small theater, and remember sitting through the movie with my jaw gaping like a little kid watching cartoons; I was on the edge of my seat.  I walked out and spent an hour or so trying to figure out what the hell it was I just saw?  Favorite scenes: Vernacchio, marriage at sea, minotaur.  I later read that Fellini had always wanted to make a science fiction picture, and SATYRICON was the closest he would come to that goal.  Petronious Arbiter was a Roman scholar and poet who mixed with the courtesans of the emperor Nero.  The remains of his writings are his observations of the world he lived; ultimately, he was "asked" by Nero to end his own life for various insults to the emperor.  A strange, distant world is painted in the fractured remains of the Satyricon.  Fellini used the text as a jumping off point to attempt to imagine a world completely alien to our own (images, sound, everything).  Fueling this tour-de-force of invention is the period of the film's creation - the late sixties.  If not directly quoted in its scenes, the spirit and free form of the late sixties definitely influenced Fellini and company.  BARBARELLA comes to mind as a comparison, in terms of color pallet, bizarre situations and a comic book quality - psychedelia at its finest.  Fellini's interpretation of the Satyricon seems to capture that weird pulse of chaos and the "climate" of revolution; stripping away a mere "classic literature travelogue" approach - and presenting a libidinal sideshow of monsters, perverts, politicians, artists, and other variations of the human condition.  The movie works like a dream, just presenting this river of existence that we follow through the misadventures of the main characters: Encolpio, Ascilto and Gitone.  It's certainly a wonderful work of art and invention, among the best the cinema has provided thus far.  Since its release, major filmmakers have dipped into this film for inspiration - Terry Gilliam, George Lucas, Martin Scorsese, etc.   In the end, Encolpio's desperate way of life leaves nothing behind, except an expressionless face carved in stone amongst other faces.  Life is short and fleeting.  What will people two thousand years from now think of the way we live today?  Trying to imagine a possible inkling of an idea to follow that question was all I could think about after walking out of FELLINI SATYRICON.   So, I'm not sure what you'd call this movie - science fiction?  A comedy?  CALIGULA on acid?  I read [maybe in Playboy] that Fellini was asked to direct CALIGULA, and refused to take the job.  Funny, that.  Certainly SATYRICON is an entertainment of some kind?  Whatever it is - definitely RENT it first.     