 RUMBLE FISH.  I absolutely love this movie.  I've read many times about how pretentious and over stylized this is?  Who cares!  Filmmaking isn't always about reproducing reality and making safe, digestible movies for the popcorn public?  A little iconoclasm never hurt anyone.  The movie gets its story across in a superb fashion - creatively and passionately.  In the hands of another production crew, we would have had a lame "movie of the week".  They took a risk with stark, darkly crafted images, German expressionistic set pieces and camera angles and a pulsating soundtrack and score.  Everything feels OFF to the viewer, maybe even forced - because the idea is Rusty James is trying to be like his brother, live in the world of his brother.  But life continues to bang at the door; it's mystery seeping through the cracks of the claustrophobic existence he is surviving from day to day.  He needs to discover the world on his own terms.    The production of RUMBLE FISH flew under the radar, much like another brilliant film distributed by Universal Pictures: REPO MAN.  Both movies address the same subject matter from two wildly different styles and points-of-view.  Rusty James and Otto Maddox are definitely kindred spirits in the stories told through them.  The cast of RUMBLE FISH is fantastic: Dennis Hopper is terrific as the alcoholic father, Matt Dillon is a natural, Mickey Rourke in his best role, Diane Lane is stunning, Vincent Spano brings STEVE to life and Nicolas Cage's hair in this film is way too much.  Also, Stewart Copeland's music works perfectly within the film, and is just as strong on its own.  However, the current DVD edition stinks to high heaven.  Period.  Horribly mastered sound and image.  No extras to speak of?  We get a trailer and those silly PRODUCTION NOTES - in which we have to scroll through on the television.  Awful.  In a case like this, I wish that the CRITERION COLLECTION group would take a look at this one and consider going to work on it.  Otherwise, we'll have to be satisfied it was released at all for our buying pleasure.     