 (Five stars for the film itself, though.)  When I was a kid I had a VHS copy of this film put out by "Goodtimes Video", one of those cheapjack public domain knock-off operations.  There was no tinting, no technicolor, no score... but I loved it.  Every Halloween I'd watch Dracula, Frankenstein, and Phantom before I went trick-or-treating.  So I was eager to see what Image had done in this restored version. In the opinion of this reviewer, it's bad news all around. First of all, the Thibaudoux score is far from inspired.  It's generically spooky and has little to do dramatically with what's happening on screen.  There are a few gimmicky exceptions, which can cause much head scratching if you let them.  We can hear the soprano singing, but why not the audience screaming?  We can hear the Phantom playing his organ, but why not characters talking?  Do you see what an aesthetic can of worms this opens up?  And where's Carl Davis when you need him? The score isn't continuous either.  It seems to have been recorded in hunks and pieces, so every now and then the music just stops - I guess for the orchestra members to toss back a shot of something to help get them through the recording session - and we're left with twenty or thirty seconds of complete silence, oftentimes in the middle of a tense sequence.  Compare this to the score for The Unknown that TCM uses and realize what might have been. The film is also projected too slow.  Now, I realize that projection speed is a matter of fiery controversy.  If you want to see a real bench-clearing brawl, just walk into a room full of silent film fans and shout "Metropolis should be played at 18!", then sit back and watch the carnage as they tear each other to pieces.  But the much vaunted 20 frames a second on this DVD is way too slow for Phantom.  People don't move, they just sort of ooze across the screen like chilled molasses.  Frightened women don't peer around corners, they peeeeeeeerrrr arooouuuund coorrrrneeerrrs.  The unmasking scene has you looking at your watch, when it should be violent. The ballet is slow, the chandelier takes forever to fall; it's just all wrong.  (The final chase seems faster than the rest of the film, thank heaven.) Silent films were usually projected faster than they were filmed.  Look at the stuff with Snitz Edwards and the ballerinas.  This is silent slapstick, and as Walter Kerr points out in his book The Silent Clowns, silent slapstick absolutely demands the abstractness that sped-up projection imparts.  It requires that the performers be ultra-quick, ultra-light on their feet, and more real than reality.  Sort of comic supermen.  Otherwise their actions don't seem funny, they just seem odd.  And that's just the way it is in this version of Phantom: a bunch of completely ordinary people behaving very strangely.  Imagine Chaplin moving like a normal person and you begin to get the idea of what we've lost here. And I don't think this is merely a matter of my personal taste.  Back in my editing days I was told that the rule for showing text on the screen was to hold it there long enough that a normal reader can get through it twice.  In Phantom a number of letters from the Phantom to Christine are held up for the viewer to read.  On my old 24 fps tape I could read through the text twice, then just start on a third; on the image version I could read them FOUR TIMES.  This is just too darn long and too darn slow. Now here's the real kicker.  Image decided in its wisdom to put black bands on all four sides of the screen. ALL! FOUR! SIDES! So we get a little postage-stamp-sized picture in the middle of a field of black.  It's like watching the action through the door of a speakeasy.  Again, I realize the frames of silents were a bit more square than a TV, but really, how much picture would we lose if it were full-screen?  A hair-thin strip along the top and bottom?  I wouldn't complain, believe me.  If Image gave you an option to view it full-screen, it would be alright, but I can't find this option anywhere in their bare-bones menu. If the chug along score and tar-like pacing isn't enough to distance you from the action and keep you from getting emotionally involved, this masking should finish the job. So what I'm saying is I'm disappointed.  Once again purism has diminished a great movie in order to "save" it.  If the cheap eighties knock-off is more entertaining than the twenty dollar high-brow edition, there's a problem. NOTE: Some have said the transfer is out of focus...not so.  There are few times when it is SUPPOSED to be out of focus - the point of view shots of the terrified Christine during the unmasking scene, for instance - but the image is sharp elsewhere.  Occasionally there are hairs and junk at the edge of the frame. The technicolor is kind of faded compared to the pristine Ben Hur, but it's better than nothing.     