 He just won't shut the hell up!   My fondest wish during the highly aggravating job of listening to this album is that this Tatum character - who I've never heard before and, if a merciful God is willing, will never hear again - would shut up and maybe let some music happen.  If I had a time machine I'd go back with a cleaver and lop off his fingers. A good musician can take your breath away with a single note.  Tatum it seems is too insecure to try this approach, and with good reason.  He has no talent, no taste, no musicianship.  I've never heard a more appalling racket.  He's like a more flamboyant version of Liberace.  The beautiful Jerome Kern standard All The Things You Are is reduced to a blur of staccato thirty-second notes; the man doesn't know a thing about playing ballads.  I'm reminded of Salieri's remark in Amadeus: "Ten minutes of ghastly scales, whizzing up and down like fireworks at a fairground."  Playing scales is no great achievement, you know.  Most pianists I'm told are weaned on scales, but they move beyond them into the field of music.  Tatum and his fans here don't seem to realize that there's more to music than just notes and chords. Sorry to sound like such an epiphenomenalist, but there you are. This is an album without soul, without beauty, without anything to recommend it.  Poor Webster tries to maintain a modicum of dignity, but when you're up against such a torrent of god-awfulness as that which is Art Tatum's playing, there's not much anyone can do.  I was reminded of King Arthur's attempts to uphold tradition in the face of the anarchists peasant's attacks in Monty Python and the Holy Grail. "Be quiet!  I order you to be quiet!"  This album has that vibe of a dignified man (Webster, Kern, Rodgers, Hart, et. al.) being attacked, and it would be farcically comic if it weren't so damned embarrassing.   The liner notes call Tatum "one of the quickest minds in jazz".  This is no compliment.  When you're determined to play every last idiocy that comes into your head, INCLUDING the kitchen sink, without the slightest regard for musicianship or the boundaries of good taste, there no really limit to how much product you can churn out.  But the big thing is whether or not it's listenable, and this album is not.  It's not music, it's aural vulgarity. I kinda suspect the people who praise it are just putting it on quietly in the background as sonic wallpaper to make them seem cool.  Woody Allen used this album as a sort of theme in his underrated film September; I wonder if the characters' praising of it wasn't meant to suggest how deranged they all were. Buy Soulville.     