 EDIT: I guess this deserves two stars rather than one; after all you can't get this stuff anywhere else.  I was feeling a bit shirty when I gave it one star.  Now, on with the review! - - -  First of all let it be known that the so-called "notebooks" of the title are a fiction. The title implies that during the making of his greatest films Sir Alfred sat down, licked the end of his pencil, and committed to paper all his magic in black and white for the indy filmmakers of posterity to read and emulate.   Well, sadly, there are no long lost secret "notebooks". The creative genius of Hitchcock, much like the plans in The 39 Steps, resided in that little man's head.   What we have instead is distressingly prosaic, and not very educational at all. We get memos, telegrams, more memos, lengthy side by side script draft comparisons, transcripts of conversations, still more memos, and a few storyboards that can be found elsewhere.   And if, upon hearing the name Hitchcock, you think of titles like Psycho, Vertigo, Rear Window, Rebecca, Notorious, and North by Northwest, then prepare to be disappointed. They aren't discussed. Instead we're referred to the author's other books for the first two films and the Criterion laserdisks for the rest. (Laserdisks! Do they even make those anymore? Thanks for nothing, guys.)   We do get a gobsmackingly large amount of stuff about Marnie, though.   But wait, there's more:   We get a thrilling exchange of telegrams discussing whether or not Suspicion is a boring title for a film. (Hitch says yes, his producer says no, then Hitch says yes again, and his producer repeats no. How's that for a look into the mind of a genius?)   We get lengthy memos from people like Hume Cronyn talking about how scene 423 of a second draft of a script that we never have seen nor never will see needs to be revised in some unspecified way.   We learn that the character development in The Birds was a little below par. There's a series of four or five lengthy letters, all saying the same thing, and capped off with this brilliant editorial comment from our learned author: "Of course, the consistent complaint here is the weakness in the character development, something that was never worked out." Thanks, Professor.   We get fuzzy reproductions of the blueprints for the bookshop in Vertigo, should you want to build one of your own.   We get twenty pages of reproduced letters in Hitchcock's illegible handwriting discussing whether or not 3-D is a good idea. At least that's all I could make out.   We get the first draft treatment of Shadow of a Doubt in Thornton Wilder's handwriting. Alas, it too is illegible.   We get pages and pages and pages and pages of material about Marnie. It seems that half the damn book is about Marnie.   We get not one, not two, but three letters from some guy named Otis Guernsey telling Hitch he's welcome to use his germ of an idea for North By Northwest.   We get not just the film-related parts of letters, but the whole blessed thing: paragraph after paragraph of "How's Alma?" and "Drop by the next time you're in town" and letterheads for the Herald Tribune, all taking up valuable space.   We read a memo asking that the dialogue for The Birds needs to be punched up "on pages 6-10, 27-29, 37, 40, 48, 49, 50, 53, 54, 65, 74, 132, 188, and 194."  And so on. Basically, the book seems to have been assembled by dipping at random into Hitchcock's old file cabinets, running every other scrap of paper through a scanner, then presenting the whole pile sans comment. There's a definite rummage sale vibe about the whole thing - the very occasional gem amid lots and lots and LOTS of hooey.   I guess what I'm trying to say is, this one's for the completist.  Anyone who would like to get an insight into the creative thought processes of Hitchcock would be best served by the Truffaut interview book.   As for the rest of you, well, I hope you liked Marnie.     