 There's no chance you haven't heard of 'The Ring', probably the only horror-movie to be a major box-office hit in years (and I'm not counting Wes Craven's recent efforts as horror because they're not!). It was worldfamous before it was even released. The concept was pretty freaky of course: when you watched this cursed video tape the phone would ring and a voice would say: Seven days, meaning you would die in ehm... yeah that's right, seven days. What some (or many, I don't really know actually) people don't know is that The Ring is a remake. The original Ring is a 1998 Japanese movie, but because Americans are too lazy to read subtitles plus the fact that a great part of them is too nationalist too withstand foreigners longer than an hour, this movie was remade into, yup, The Ring. The original movie was based on the book Ring, by writer Suzuki Koji. The book was made into a tv-series at first in 1995. The series was named Ring: Kanzen-ban, but it was quite a disaster. In 1998 Nakata Hideo made a second attempt. This attempt was this movie, called 'Ring', after the book (Ringu in Japanese). And it turned out great, I can tell you. Although the book's story was changed here and there (and here, and there) these interventions didn't do the story any harm. The changes were drastic though; in the book Sadako was a sort of virus, in the movie she's a real girl. In the book the main character was a man, in the movie a woman. Talk about drastic changes! But as said, this wasn't bad. Not bad at all. The storyline in short: There have been rumours that there's a cursed video somewhere, and everyone who watches it will get a phonecall. And seven days later, you'll die. When Reiko's (the main character) niece dies in a strange way after having seen the movie, Reiko (being a journalist) tries to find out more about this. She actually finds a weird tape and watches it. The images on the tape are disturbing and when the tape ends, the phone rings! Scary as hell! Of course Reiko has no intention of dying yet so she tries to stop the curse. This is just the plot in short and if it doesn't sound very creepy, believe me, this movie is! A must-see!     