 The Story Of Ricky directed by Ngai Kai Lam 1991, 91 mins.  Riki-Oh, or The Story Of Ricky, or King Of Strength, or Li Wang, or Lai Wang, or Riki , is quite the infamous movie. Originally based on an ultra-violent manga, it revolves around a guy named, get this, Ricky (crowd cheers: "No really!?"). Ricky is going to jail. Why is Ricky going to jail? Because Ricky killed some drug dealers. Why did Ricky kill some drug dealers? Because they killed Ricky's girlfriend. Why did they kill Ricky's girlfriend? They didn't, but that's a different story. See the movie, and you'll see. Hilarious.  However, Ricky is in jail. And it's hell. This jail consists of four divisions, each with one leader. All of those leaders are quite brutal and they give Ricky, who stands up against them, quite the hard time. Well, that's the story. So apparently, Ricky's so called story, isn't much of a story at all. Then why should one watch this movie?  Well, maybe for the hilarious scenes, and more likely for its reputation of 'one of the most violent Hong Kong movies ever made!!!' (as the box of my Riki-Oh DVD modestly states). The humor is quite obvious, although it shows that this movie was made to be at least semi-serious. However, the props are of such bad quality, that you can do nothing but burst out in laughter when you see a man falling face-down on a piece of wood with spikes sticking out of it, since the man very obviously is not a man, but a shamefully bad looking doll. Wow. However, this has its charm. It makes you feel sympethetic towards the creators, because they obviously tried to make something good out of this; they just didn't have the money, nor the ability, nor the talent.  As for this movie being 'REALLY VIOLENT AND SHOCKING' and yatta yatta, well, to a certain extent. There's some (exquisite, I must say!) gore featured in Riki-Oh. Be amazed when you see a guy trying to strangle Ricky with his own intestines, be shocked when you see a woman stuffing Ricky's mouth full with razor knifes and then beating him in the face repeatedly, be in awe when you see Ricky punch holes all through some other dude, be warned. Ultimately, this is a great kung-fu movie with a brilliant amount of gore. It doesn't make for a good movie, but it sure does make for a nice one!  Sven says:  Scares? -1/10 Gore? 10/10 (albeit obviously fake) Number of people slaughtered in incredible ways? I lost the count/10 Fun factor? 10/10 Did-they-really-kill-his-girlfriend? 0/10     