 What can one say besides WOW at the very premise of this film.  Mr. Spurlock has done something very foolhardy and dramatic to prove a point... we are killing ourselves with the over consumption of food that is cheap, easy to obtain, grossly over proportioned and harmful in more ways than one.  Mr. Spurlock points both barrels at the McDonalds Corp. with this exercise (an obvious and widely recognized target), but it literally could have been any of the dozens of fast food restaurants that populate the urban landscape across North America.  To eat only McDonalds food, three meals a day for 30 days is something not even the most die-hard McD's fan would recommend, but to do so under close medical examination is revealing to say the least.  And the impact this diet has on his physical condition is stunning.  Obesity is a major problem worldwide, and all you have to do is look around you to see the impending health care disaster waddling from meal to meal.  I'm 47, and when I was in public school in the sixties I remember perhaps two or three girls who had a healthy amount of baby fat and one boy who was slightly obese.  Today, children of this age group are phenomenally large and have already established disastrous eating habits.  Eating habits and patterns which will get harder and harder to shed as they get older.  The primary difference between then and now?  Similar to Mr. Spurlock's experience I can count on one hand all the times my Mother and Father and I ate in a restaurant, and I wouldn't use all my fingers.  My Mom made virtually every meal we ate, and there wasn't a fast food joint on every other corner and donut shops on all the others.  We were not surrounded by things to eat nor where we bombarded with advertising showing us how happy our lives could be if ONLY we went to MacDonald's and ate things.  Our society has been so inundated with the EAT = HAPPY and HAPPY = EAT message that we don't stand a chance when the Golden Arches come into view; "I'm having a cruddy day... but look, happiness is right there on the corner!  All I have to do is get a huge hamburger, giant fries and an enormous soda... super size?  HELL YEAH!".  If consuming enough food to feed four people is clearly not enough to fill your considerable gullet, they'll glad give you two more portions for only 39 cents more.    Bon appetite!  The most shocking moment in this film for me was Mr. Spurlock's interview with the man about to have his stomach stapled smaller to control his adult onset diabetes and lower his body weight.  In this interview he reveals the major factor driving his serious health problems was his consumption of three to four two litre bottles of pop a day... and he drank that amount until he was temporarily blinded due to diabetic complications.  Whoa!!!  Could there possibly be any more compelling evidence that respectable companies in our society manufacture food products that are perfectly legal, produced to government regulated standards, cheap to buy, broadly and readily available... and are highly addictive.  Not so you say, it's just soda right?  Well then try and imagine yourself drinking 6 to 8 litres of anything in a single day... and then go ahead an tell me it's not addictive.    This movie and the book "Fast Food Nation" by Eric Schlosser should be mandatory viewing and reading for all high school age children.  If our society took more interest in what their kids where eating before school, at school, after school at the dinner table and then for snacks before bed, perhaps movies of this nature would seem totally ridiculous.  Until then watch this movie and learn what "just a hamburger" or "just some fries" or "just a can of soda" can be setting you up for.     