 This stand is quite simply the best in it's class.  There are plenty of other products that fall into the mitre saw stand category, but Dewalt have engineered and manufactured the de facto standard, everything else is a pale imitation for size, strength, versatility and simple functionality.  I own the DW708 mitre saw (12" Double-Bevel Sliding Compound Mitre Saw AKA the monster) and in-spite of this saw being right up there on my top 10 list of "best tools I've ever purchased", frankly this thing is a beast to cart around and use on-site.  A Workmate will support it (barely) and you will need to jury-rig something to support what you are cutting, and then switch it around in order to cut the opposite side but it can be done.  Anything beyond one or two cuts becomes a major pain and if you have hauled out the DW708 for one or two cuts on a job site you need your head examined (I have a smaller and lighter mitre saw for simple site stuff).  But for cutting big crown mouldings, wide baseboards, 2 X 12's or 4 x anything, your only realistic option is the DW708 so make your life simple and get the stand engineered for that saw.  The DW708 saw and the DW723 stand is a match made in heaven and you will wonder "how the hell did I do this before" once you've used them together.  I've been longingly looking at this stand for at least two years and it seems to me that Dewalt have made at least one significant improvement in the design of this product.  The first time I saw one of these stands was in my local Home Depot set up with the DW708 saw.  Brilliant, I thought as I started poking, prodding, turning leavers and generally playing around.  When I realized that the saw could be positioned anywhere on the central beam I just had to try it.  So I released the locks on the saw mounting plates and the DW708 promptly flipped backwards off the stand (if you know this saw it is seriously back heavy which is why they put the huge support bar on it) very nearly taking my fool head off in the process and crashing into a pile of boxes behind the display.  Red faced and muttering something about bad design, I wrestled the saw back up onto the stand and quickly walked away wondering if that was "supposed" to happen.  That set-up in Home Depot may have been improperly done, as the mounting plates on my stand literally hook over the front edge of the beam making a repeat of the flip scenario impossible.  A lighter more evenly balanced mitre saw would not have the same problem, so kudos to Dewalt if this was something they changed about the design of the stand.  Everything else on the stand is rugged and built to last and in spite of being made in China it is made to a very high quality standard.  There are definitely things that could be improved such as having telescoping leg extensions when you are setting up on uneven ground, but beyond this you will be hard pressed to find a better mitre saw stand than the DW723.  Highly recommended.     