 If there is one machine in your shop that needs to be well made and reliable it's your dust collector.  Think about it, if you have 5 machines that require dust collection, your dust collector will run continuously while any of those machines are in operation.  Therefore, your dust collector will run five times a much as any other machine in your shop.  I had serious doubts about units costing half as much as this one being able to keep pace with this requirement.   I specifically was looking for a relatively compact size, maximum CFM capacity and as quiet as possible.  I'm happy to report that all of these requirements were met by the Delta 2HP model.  The impeller is metal and well balanced (this contributes greatly to the noise reduction over cheaper units), the metal sound baffle between the blower and the drum is superior to the flex hose found on cheaper models (which will eventually wear out from the abrasion of particles on it) and having three 4" connection points at the blower reduces the amount of ducting required.  Yes this unit is made in Taiwan, but it is made to a very high standard and is well packaged to avoid shipping damage.  In addition to the dust collector I also purchased the 1 micron upper bag, buy this if you plan on collecting sanding dust.  I use what are called drum liners (intended to line 55 gallon drums and available at Home Depot) for the lower bag.  Heavy plastic bags are better and can be re-used, but they are expensive, hard to find and do eventually rip.  I also bought a remote control unit for the starter which has proven to be invaluable.  I can start and stop the dust collector from anywhere in my shop even in the "I only have one cut" scenario. I've complained in other postings on how difficult it is to get information on Delta products from Delta.  Three requests on the DB rating of this machine made to their web site went unanswered.  Just goes to show that even big companies wrestle with their intentions, direction and service on the web.  Nonetheless, this is a high quality product and well worth the money.  Highly recommended.     