 There are three primary requirements that all jointers must meet.  1. The in feed and out feed tables must be perfectly parallel.  2. The fence must form a right angle along it's entire length across both tables (if it doesn't form a right angle there's not much hope in getting it to work at other angles).  And finally, 3. The in feed and out feed tables must be long to facilitate accurate straitening of lumber prior to being run through a thickness planer.  All of these factors are met and in many ways exceeded by the Delta DJ 20.  I've owned mine for 15 years and I can attest that this is the best jointer I have ever used.  I've owned two combination jointer thickness planers in the past and neither of these machines came close to the DJ 20 for accuracy in jointing lumber.  The mechanisms for either removing or lifting the joiner tables out of the way to use combination machines as a thickness planer effect the accuracy of the jointer tables, regardless of how well or heavily built these machines are (one of my combination machines was a 20" jointer / thicknesser and weighed almost 2000 lbs., horrible jointer, constant problems with table and fence alignment).  I would never recommend combination machines to anyone other than a casual weekend warrior with very little workshop space. The 8 inch capacity may seem limiting, but in reality this is not an issue.  The parallelogram mechanism for both the in feed and out feed tables is superior to anything I've ever seen and it makes altering the depth of cut a snap.  This machine is a beast as far as weight but a jointer needs to be heavy... really heavy.  Nothing is more frustrating than a lightweight jointer "walking away" from you as you try and straighten lumber.  My previous shop was in a basement, the DJ 20 slid down the stairs (with three people controlling it) like a dream.  However, getting it out was interesting and took four strong men (three at the bottom pushing and one at the top pulling), ramps, dollies, tie down straps and a healthy amount of grunting... it was a miracle the three of us behind the machine came out alive. One recommendation I would make for anyone considering the purchase of this machine is to get the mobile base.  You may have the luxury of a permanent location for this machine, but the mobile base makes moving this monster so much easier.  The mobile base also means someone is not reefing on your perfectly aligned in feed and out feed tables to get it to budge.  Others have mentioned a problem with vibration.  Mine had this issue when I first bought it, but I corrected this by ensuring that the motor and cutter head pulleys are in alignment.  Dust collection is not an issue but don't buy the Delta attachment, as others have indicated it is for a 5" diameter hose.  Instead buy a $5.00 plastic one and screw it to the cabinet, works just as well if not better. When I purchased mine it was made in Brazil by Invicta.  I'm not sure where the current models are made, but if Delta was smart they would not mess with something that was basically perfect and a standard piece of woodworking equipment in any shop dealing with solid wood.  Highly recommended.     