 On commercially made frame and panel doors you will notice two tiny little holes (that have been filled) on the back side of each joint.  Even old dogs like me can learn a new trick once and awhile, and this struck me as a brilliant way of NOT being forced to wait for glue to set during the assembly process of frame and panel doors.  My last project had 82 frame and panel doors and finished panels, and even gluing up two at a time in one set of clamps, I ran out of clamps pretty quick and then had to wait at least an hour prior to the assembly of more.  My current project has 56 framed panels in 3/4" thick Western Red Cedar, Pine and Iroko so I decided to try a new way of assembly rather than play the waiting game.  My PC pinner was purchased for just this purpose and I'm happy to report that this technique works like a charm and the glue joints remain tight while the glue sets AND the pin holes are truly "pin holes".  On my current project the back-side of the panels is not visible so therefore I don't need to fill these holes, but on "good two side" projects these holes will not be an issue to fill.  The longer the panel sits in clamps the better chance the glue has to "grab".  To facilitate this I used two sets of clamps.  I glued and assembled one panel in the first set of clamps, fired 5/8" pins into the joints and let that sit while I assembled a second panel in the second set of clamps.  The clamps pull the joint together and the 5/8" long pins perfectly "pin" the tenon in the joint and hold the frame together once released from the clamps.  Once the third panel was assembled I went back and removed the first panel from the clamps and set it aside to allow the glue to completely set, by the time I got back to the first panel the glue had just enough time to grab and the joint didn't budge.  Just remember that they are 23 gauge pins and are there only to hold things together until the glue does it's job, so you can't be reefing on the joints until the glue has been completely set.  In this alternating method I assembled all 56 panels in less than a day, totally cool!  I estimated it would have taken the better part of a week to have done the same in the "traditional" way with only clamps.   The PC pinner performed flawlessly even without "PC brand" pins and regardless of the material (Western Red Cedar is like hard butter and Iroko is just as hard and stringy as Elm) the pins were set perfectly each and every time at 100 psi.  For everyone who has used nail guns, you do have a tendency to push down prior to firing a nail to push back the safety arm.  This pinner has a trigger safety on it that you pull back with your finger, so there is no requirement to push down, just set the nose on the surface and pull the trigger.  There is a bit of bounce back but I found that even on Western Red Cedar I could avoid a large "nose dint" by using care in how I held the gun against the surface of the material.  I can see how this gun would be very easy to jamb as the pins have no head.  The pins have an arrow on them indicating which way they get inserted in the gun for good reason.  The ram is tiny and must be machined to very tight tolerances (which contributes greatly to the high cost of such a small and specialized tool), I would imagine that if the ram gets distorted or damaged in any way this gun will be problematic from there ever-after.  So handle and use this tool with care, if ever there was a nail gun to put the prescribed drop of oil in prior to use this is it.  I'm sure I will find a million other uses for this gun over time, but for now I'm very pleased that it worked like a charm for the purpose I bought if for.  You've got to love it when a new tool pays for itself on the first job!   One other piece of advice, this is NOT the gun for you if you are looking for a "nail gun".  This is a "pinner" and should ONLY be used for that purpose.  It can fire pins between 1/2" and 1" in length ONLY, most nail guns can fire nails from 3/4" to 2 1/2" in length.  For general nailing buy a gun that fires 18 or 15 gauge nails, they are relatively cheap, much more durable and the nails are cheaper.  Made in Taiwan yes, but made to very high standards so I have nothing disparaging to say on that front.  Highly recommended.     