 With obesity rapidly becoming the number two cause of death in North America (cancer being number one), this book should be mandatory reading for all high school age kids; and I would strongly recommend Mr. Schlosser creates a version of this book for elementary school children.  Personally I never was a big consumer of McDonald's or any fast food products for that matter, but like most parents I would take my children on occasion for a Happy Meal and get myself a Big Mac... until my very last experience with McDonald's food three years ago.  Driving across New York State from Salem MA. to my home north of Toronto, I stopped at one of the many McDonald's restaurants along the highway and ordered a plain hamburger... no fries, no drink, just a hamburger.  I was literally crumpling the wrapper and putting it back in the bag when it was as if someone flipped a switch and I instantly HAD TO FIND A WASHROOM.  The remainder of my trip (about 6 hours to go from that point) was literally driving at high speed from rest stop to rest stop across New York State.  I've never eaten at McDonald's since, have never taken my children there, and will never do either again under any circumstances.  I came to this decision well before reading Mr. Schlosser's book, and like most kids, mine still ask to go but this book has given me the answers to the "why not?" question when I refuse.   Mr. Schlosser goes off on a bit of a rant on the meat packing industry which is and always has been a brutal business, but some of the recalls of ground beef products in recent times are horrifying.  Not only for the quantities recalled, but for the reasons these products were recalled.  Ironically it is here that Mr. Schlosser compliments the McDonald's corporation and clearly illustrates just how powerful this organization is.  When the FDA wanted stricter controls on salmonella counts in ground beef the meat packing firms said "impossible".  When McDonald's requested that ground beef used in McDonald's hamburgers meet this new FDA standard, the meat packing firms said "no problem".  So McDonald's actually do have the power to effect positive change in the meat packing industry, but will they use this power for positive or profit driven reasons? This is a terrific book and it points out very clearly the dangers of eating fast food which I genuinely believe cannot be consumed safely in any quantities.  Recently my local school board took steps to ban "junk food" from school cafeterias, food which included meals supplied by McDonald's.  The manager of our local McDonald's wrote a scathing criticism of not only this policy but of the use of the term "junk food" in reference to McDonald's meals.  His major point was "since when has bread, meat and potatoes been considered junk food?".  After reading Fast Food Nation I only wonder how is it possible to even consider a meal from McDonald's simply bread, meat and potatoes? Read this book you'll be glad you did and pass it on to people you care for, you may literally be saving their lives.  If you are a parent, set an example of proper eating habits and be forthright with your children on the choices they make regarding the food they consume.  If they are old enough let them read this book for themselves and draw their own conclusions.  A lifetime of obesity related health problems, the working conditions in the restaurants, the inside of meat packing plants and the plethora of natural and artificial flavourings put into this food is generally NOT depicted in fast food ads... for good reason.  Time has long passed when we could take for granted the safety of food served in these establishments.     