 Over the years I've seen and heard of some horrible accidents in wood shops.  Although it's not a standard piece of equipment in most shops, the shaper remains one of the most common culprits for accidents.  I myself once had a piece of 3/4 x 3/4 trim fire like an arrow out of a shaper (the finger boards holding the stock had vibrated loose) narrowly missing a guy jointing lumber and bursting into toothpicks when it hit a block wall 15 feet away.  I'm sure it would have gone right through him had he been standing 2 feet to the left.  That and a couple of other shaper incidents have brought me to the conclusion that one of the best safety devices you can put on a shaper is a stock feeder.  Nothing will ever replace common sense or care in using a shaper, but a stock feeder keeps your hands and fingers well away from the cutter head and they provide accurate feeding, positioning and control of material as it is fed against the cutter.  Finger boards, hold-downs and positioning jigs are important, but ultimately it's the feeder that ensures constant feed speed and total control.  I bought my feeder with my shaper (Delta 3 HP model) and would never consider running the shaper without it.  I do everything in my power to avoid using the shaper "free-hand"; on cuts where the use of a feeder is impossible (such as the rails on frame and panel doors) I have jigs with integrated hold downs that achieve the control and positioning of stock while keeping my digits where they belong... as far away from that cutter head as possible. This model from Delta is a very versatile performer, can be positioned in virtually any position or configuration you can think of, and the ability to run it in reverse is very useful in certain situations.  Mine is somewhat older and it appears that there have been some design changes and a few components have been changed over to plastic.  However, overall it appears to be the same device.  Everything is very solidly built and absolutely rigid when locked down.  However, if care is not taken during set-up a feeder can also pull pieces directly into or away from the cutter head and it will drag unsecured items such as fence plates into the cutter head too.  Check everything prior to turning anything on and then check it again... it could save you more than a ruined piece of wood.  The only criticism I have of Delta shapers is the fact that you have to drill the holes in the cast iron table yourself.  I can understand why they don't drill holes in a table saw top by default, but a shaper?  It's not too arduous to do this, but really this should be something that is done right in the factory even if you don't get a feeder with your shaper (the holes would not interfere or effect the use of the shaper in anyway).  If your buying a shaper put a feeder in your budget, you will never regret the decision.     