 Yes, somebody did. According to Eric Schlosser in his examination of the genesis and consequences of American fast food culture, French protesters at the trial of sheep farmer Jose Bove, carried signs saying "Non`a McMerde." Bove had demolished a McDonald's under construction in his hometown of Millau, France, which shows everything is not yet lost. "McMerde" is an apt name if Schlosser's reporting on the conditions in the meatpacking industry is correct.There, greed dictates that beef is processed with such speed that it is often impossible to prevent the meat from being contaminated with bovine excrement!  Schlosser divides his study into two parts: "The American Way", and "Meat and Potatoes." In the first he looks at the cultural matrix that gave birth to fast food, and the culture that fast food has generated: the entrepreneurs that built it, the precocious L.A. car culture that nourished it, the advertisers that [market] it, and the kids that work behind the counter and sell it.  In the second he focuses on where the hamburgers and fries come from: who raises the beef and grows the potatoes, how they are processed and sold, the uneducated wage slaves, mostly Hispanic, many illegal, that do the dirty and dangerous work in the meatpacking companies, the few mammoth and greedy companies that monopolize the industry, and the wizards of chemistry that concoct the flavors that make it so irresistible. Schlooser is most interesting when he is relating anecdotes, and telling stories that illustrate the three-ring circus of the fast food world: Carl Karcher, founder and chairman emeritus of Carl's Jr., and an admirer of St. Francis of Assisi, surveys the subdivisions, strip malls, and fast food joints where once ranches and orange groves thrived, and affirms his undying faith in "progress"; Mikhail Gorbachev lectures dozing, foreign-policy-challenged fast food executives amid the surreal glitz of Las Vegas' "Mirage" hotel; Food industry giant Monfort terminates worker Kenny Dobbins without even a pink slip after a monstrous string of injuries he has incurred in loyal service to them makes his continued employment less than profitable.  "Fast Food Nation" would have been a much better book had Schlooser made his points with stories like these. As it is, the flow of the book is clogged by reams of stats. The same frenzy for measurement that drives the homogenization of food and culture that Schlooser decries, dictates that no social reality is meaningful unless it sliced, diced and packaged in the language of statistics.   Schlooser certainly has an anti-Republican agenda, but this is not without reason. As he shows, over and over again Republicans have supported the greedy, community destroying policies of big business. What is objectionable is not that Schlooser exposes big business' Republican lackeys, but that he thinks the problems he details can be cured by the Federal Blob and its' Democratic feeders. It is way past time for transcending the silly Punch and Judy show of Democrat and Republican "politics". In his epilogue, Schlooser tells of Conway's Red Top, a group of family owned hamburger restaurants with ties to the locale community and old-fashion quality and service. Surely here in a large part is the answer. In both government and business bigger isn't better, but small is beautiful. The book that offers sanest and most lasting solutions to America's eating disorder is Sally Fallon's "Nourishing Traditions". Check it out.     