 Like "The Crisis of the Modern World", a smaller work written years earlier, "The Reign of Quantity & the Signs of the Times" falls into that group of  Rene Guenon's works which have been called "intellectual reform and criticism of the modern world." These works evaluate the principles (or as Guenon would insist the "pseudo-principles") behind the modern mentality in the light of traditional principles. However, "Reign" differs from "Crisis" in being a much more metaphysically challenging exploration of the nature and trajectory of the modern thing. For that reason, "Crisis" is a better book than "Reign" to begin your exploration of the country that is Guenon. Guenon is a metaphysician with a wide but highly integrated vision of reality.  You do not get the fullness of his thought in any one of his books, although some are more central than others. But because of the integrity of the whole corpus one book fills out or illuminates the ideas found in the others. This fact should be kept in mind when approaching him. Frustrations and perplexities will dissipate with further reading. For all that, there is no getting around the demanding nature of Guenon's thought. Guenon sees modernity, in its materialist stage, as the "reign of quantity" i.e. a state of affairs in which an attempt is made to reduce all of reality to that which can be measured by the senses.  This state of affairs is a "sign of the times" in that it tells us that we are at the end of the "Kali-Yuga" or "time of troubles." According to tradition, time is cyclical. One of the most significant of these cycles is the "Manvantara" which is made up of four "Yugas." The time covered by each of these "Yugas" is qualitatively different. The first, the "Krita-Yuga", is a time of light and closeness to the principle while the last, the "Kali-Yuga", is a time of darkness and distance from the light of the principle.  Guenon's book in made up of forty chapters which can be divided into three general sections. The first six or seven chapters lay out and explain the metaphysical principles needed to understand his critique of the modern world. In the next sixteen chapters he applies these principles to various aspects of modernity. In the remaining chapters he delineates the stages of the continuing movement away from the light of principles. The first section is the most challenging but is essential for a full appreciation of the rest of the book. To begin, Guenon distinguishes two correlative metaphysical principles "Purusha" and "Prakriti." These are Hindu terms for the what, in the West since Aristotle, has been known as "act" and "potency." However, although he acknowledges their equivalence to the Aristotelian "act" and "potency, Guenon translates these terms as "essence" and "substance." While there are reasons for this, such a translation opens up much room for confusion. This is because these terms have been used in a different way for hundreds of years by Christian Philosophy. This is an involved subject, but not merely one of terminology. Rather it opens a window on to two very different, although not diametrically opposed, metaphysics, one Christian the other (Guenon's) Vedantist. In any case, the reader should study these first chapters with care in order to properly grasp Guenon's meaning. All of what Guenon calls "manifestation" (i.e. the created universe) is composed of "Purusha" and "Prakriti." On the terrestrial plane these principles can be spoken of analogically in terms of "quality" and "quantity." Thus the conditions that limit the earthly world also participate in the principles of quality and quantity. Among these conditions are space and time. One of the most significant of Guenon's points is that while the modern mentality sees only quantitative aspects of space and time they cannot be so reduced. What Guenon has to say on this matter is very interesting, but the key point to see, in order to understand the shape of the book as a whole, is that symbolically the qualitative aspect of space is "above" and the quantitative aspect "below" just as in time the qualitative aspect is "before" and the quantitative aspect "after." As a result, just as terrestrial manifestation in space is an issuing forth of multiplicity from unity, so manifestation in time is a cyclic falling away from paradisal unity into dissolution.  Having set the stage with these principles, Guenon proceeds in the second section to examine the ways in which the modern life is a dwelling in these lower regions of time and space. He examines in depth and, as always, in the light of traditional principles, a series of modern movements and characteristics: industrialization, the cult of originality, dependence on statistics, the tendency to oversimplify, the hatred of secrecy, rationalism, materialism, mechanism, the love of "ordinary life", the degradation of coinage, popularization, etc. In the last section Guenon distinguishes two sub-phases of the final phase of the "Kali-Yuga": "solidification" and "dissolution." "Solidification" characterizes the hardcore materialist sub-phase of the "Kali-Yuga", which is identical to the "reign of quantity" of the title. There is a kind of stagnate and hopeless "security" that sets in during this sub-phase because man has cut himself off from all influences outside the corporeal world. However this "security" is an unstable illusion and soon "malefic" influences begins to penetrate his materialist shell. This penetration marks the beginning of the second sub-phase. This sub-phase is "dissolution." It is does not exist in air-tight distinction from "solidification" rather the two overlap, just as "postmodernism" overlaps "modernism."  In "dissolution" the materialist pseudo-edifice of "solidification" crumbles to dust. "Pseudo-initiatic", anti-traditional movements such as Theosophy and Spiritualism embody the "spirit" of the "dissolution" sub-phase. These clear the ground a much greater danger which comes at the very end of the "Kali-Yuga", a full-blown "counter-tradition" with a "counter-initiation." If anti-traditional movements are a "deviation" i.e. a straying from the traditional way, "counter-traditional" movements lead their followers down the way opposite tradition i.e. into the abyss     