 This book is the author's attempt to write, in his words "a biography of Rene Guenon and the Traditionalist movement he founded." His treatment spans 370 pages of which about 100 are taken up with notes, a glossary, a list of interviewees, a bibliography, and an index. The remaining 271 pages are divided into a prologue and four main parts: The Development of Traditionalism, Traditionalism in Practice, Traditionalism at Large, and Traditionalism and the Future. Sedgwick understandability found it easier to organize some of his presentation thematically; still the overall presentation is chronological.  In the PROLOGUE Sedgwick tells the story of his how he learned of "Traditionalism" and how he began to piece together a fuller picture of it. In PART I he takes us back to pre-WWI France for a look at the young Guenon (1886-1951) and the characters and milieu that surrounded the his early work. Sedgwick looks at Guenon's contact with Theosophy, Neo-Gnosticism, various Catholic and occult groups of the time. He tells of his relations with such figures as the art historian Ananda Coomaraswaamy, philosopher Jacques Maritain and occultist Gerard Encausse. PART II Tells of Guenon's move to Cairo, introduces us to Frithjof Schuon, another very important "Traditionalist", and tells us about Julius Evola and his activities during WWII. The last chapter of this section, entitled "Fragmentation", concentrates mainly on Sedgwick's understanding of the Shuon's relationship with Guenon as well as the beginnings of Shuon's Sufi order and the various groups that sprang from it. In PART III Sedgwick continues the story of Shuon's order, the Maryamiyya, and tells of Shuon's move to America along with some other "Traditionalist" activity there. He continue the story of Evola and his influence on Terrorist activity in  post-WWII Italy, and then looks at "Traditionalist" influences in education, including the work of Mircea Eliade at the University of Chicago. PART IV deals with "Traditionalism" after 1968 including such figures as of E.F. Schumacher, Fr. Seraphim Rose, and Prince Charles. It also includes chapters on Alexander Dugin's Neo-Eurasianism in Russia and the place of "Traditionalism" in the contemporary Islamic world. Sedgwick concludes his book with a chapter entitled "Against the Stream" in which he gives what he calls a "theoretically based analysis" of "Traditionalism." This is not a complete summary of Sedgwick's book which includes many more details on the characters and subgroups that make up the "Traditionalists." While I learned a lot from his book it is the very abundance of detail that points to its greatest weakness. Although Sedgwick approaches the object of his study with a certain amount of sympathy, he still keeps his modern "scholarly" presuppositions intact and this prevents him from really coming to terms with Guenon's thought. An important instance of this is his attempt to "trace" Guenon's thought to written "sources" that are known to "scholars."  Here we are at the very heart of the difference between modern and traditional methods. Guenon insisted that esoteric initiation into traditional wisdom was handed down orally and by other non-literary means. Thus it is likely that there will not be written record to document the content of intiatic wisdom. There is nothing inherently unreasonable in this; "scholars" have learned that Homer's poems were transmitted orally for hundreds of years, and Sedgwick himself gives three pages of references to interviews. A better familiarity with Guenon's thought would perhaps have proven to Sedgwick not its "originality", (a modern preoccupation which Guenon always rejected) but its authenticity and transcendent integrity. In other words it is at the level of ideas that Sedgwick's book is most lacking. Since "Traditionalism" is a super-eminently a "movement" concerned with ideas, an adequate history of it should deal with it much more on that level than Sedgwick's does. A sign of this lack is that he hardly mentions Guenon's masterwork "The Reign of Quantity and the Signs of the Times." He does not include it among the four works which he cites as containing the "essentials" of "Traditonalist philosophy." (Had Sedgwick better understood "Reign" he may not have confused "pseudo-initiation" with "counter-initiation" as he does.) A better, although much shorter treatment at this level can be found in Jean Borella's article "Rene Guenon and the Traditionalist School" collected in the book "Modern Esoteric Spirituality." Borella's outline of the essentials of Guenon's "Traditionalism" is much better than Sedgwick's. If you are looking for an extensive detailing of some of the personalities and movements that make up "Traditionalism" then read Sedgwick's book, but don't think that by doing so you have understood Rene Guenon or "Traditionalism."     