 With thousands of reviews written on THE MATRIX, it seems rather silly to regurgitate what others have already written. Still, I'm compelled to comment on a movie that is slightly left of center. People will claim that this is a good special effects movie, a good action movie, and an excellent commentary on the nature of reality itself. Indeed, Lawrence Fishburne's character Morpheus asks us, "What is real? How do you define real?" And this question is the one that pervades the movie in every sense, starting from a very coherent whole and spinning deeper and deeper until it emerges into a very fresh approach to the "apocalypse" movie theme that was previously dominated by the Terminator movies. I am not personally fond of Keanu Reeves's acting in this movie. He seems detached and emotionless in comparison to his efforts in movies like Point Break and, I'm amazed to say, Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure. Carrie Ann Moss seems slightly better in her role as the painfully slim but otherwise fashionably attired Trinity. Her performance at least had more depth than that of Reeves. I personally think that Laurence Fishburne was the best of all the leads, taking his character Morpheus to places emotionally that Reeves hardly touches and Moss approaches, but teeters on the edge of. The movie as a whole intrigued me, then proceeded to fascinate me. The concept, a post-apocalyptic twist with vague associations to the machine wars of "Terminator" and "Terminator II", was intriguing enough to me that I seriously considered the "what if" idea of a pseudo-reality imposed by computers. It's enough to make your mind boggle if you take it *too* seriously, but I think those are the most enjoyable movies. Just close enough to reality to make you really wonder, and just far enough out of touch with reality to make the movie enjoyable, fresh, and watchable again and again. Now about the action...the fight scenes are great. Watching the "Follow the White Rabbit" cuts interspersed on the DVD and watching the "making of" information available really rounds out the value of this movie purchase for me. It's  stunning to watch the training and the technology of movie making meld together to make a final scene that pushes the bounds of physical reality just enought that you think "Damn! I wish I could do that myself!" In my house, when a group of friends come over and discuss martial arts, THE MATRIX inevitably ends up in the DVD player as a visual aid to the discussion. Would I rescue the DVD from a fire? Probably so. Would I buy a copy for a friend who didn't have one? Absolutely. Would I see it again if they re-released it in the theatres? Without a doubt.     