 Lull's work is, perhaps, one of the most often quoted and referenced works in all studies relating to medieval chivalry. Looking at the bibliographies of medieval researchers such as Maurice Keen and Peter Coss, you find  Lull's work featured prominently. THE BOOK OF THE ORDER OF CHIVALRY (its  English title) is valuable to have simply because it is good, simple prose  that details the virtues of chivalry as they were espoused in the Midde  Ages. However.... My rating for this book is not as high as it could be.  I take issue with the price of the book. For its size, far fewer pages than  any standard novel, approximately 25$US was far too much money. The quality  of the physical book didn't seem warrant the cost. It was sturdy and nice,  not cheap. But I get the distinct impression the publishers were trying to  cover up for the short amount of text. This could have easily been remedied  in other ways. I was disappointed with the fact that the book was so  terribly short. Certainly the original manuscript text from which the work  was translated was short. To combat the problems of printing a short  manuscript, it would have been very easy to include the original manuscript  text side-by-side with the translation. This would have allowed researchers  to judge for themselves the validity of the translation and bulk up the  book at the same time without driving up the price. Some of the finest  translated books on medieval manuscripts have this feature and they're  often equal in at 5 times the size. Perhaps my biggest issue is with the  work itself. While certainly a very important work in terms of  "chivalric behavior" and "codes of conduct", I was left  with a certain sense of dissatisfaction when I was done reading it. I  expected something a little more...definitive...compelling, especially  considering how many researchers prominently reference this work. When I  was done reading THE BOOK OF THE ORDER OF CHIVALRY, I couldn't help but  wonder if there was something more to be said that didn't get said. I think  that had I read this book before I had read military manuals like  Vegetius's "Epitomie of Military Science" or the Bushido conduct  manual, "Code of the Samurai", I wouldn't have been left with the  feeling that I'd missed something terribly important. If you're looking  for a work that tells you how to behave like a knight was supposed to, this  book might be it. At the current price, consider well if you couldn't  instead just do without it and read the secondary sources, books that  discuss more about the historical aspects of knighthood (Keen, Coss, et.  al.). Researchers wishing to complete their collections with a primary  sources such as this one? By all means, buy this book, but again, consider  the price. See if one of your friends will buy you a bookstore coupon and  use that toward the purchase. You might be more satisfied that way.     