 While it's certainly not the worst salt and pepper grinder set I've ever owned, frankly it isn't the best either. I like four things about this set.  First, the heft in you hands is heavier than you would expect from an acrylic set. It bears no resemblance to the cheap plastic shakers you find in fast food joints and wholesale kitchen suppliers. Second, the grip is very good for such a compact container, more so than I ever expected. Both the pieces fit well in my hands, which ws surprising for their compact size. Third, the pieces weren't so tall that I was afraid of tipping them over or knocking them off of whatever they were standing on at the time. Yet for their compact size, they stored a lot of salt and peppercorns. Fourth, they nicely display exactly what's inside of them. Have some 4-color peppercorn mix to use? These would display them excellently. Now, that having been said, here are my complaints which give it the three-star rating instead of something higher. Cleaning these pieces is difficult. Should they sit too long on the back of the stove or too near the burners when you're making something greasy, that grease will find a way to stick to the acrylic. Despite my best attempts at soaking and soaping, they felt forever after greasy when I touched them. Perhaps that's indicative of the acrylic. Most importantly, however, is the fact that they are perhaps the most difficult pieces I've ever tried to fill, adjust, and keep set at a particular level. Fiddling with the adjustments to get the grind to a particular state works for that particular use only and then the grinder appears to lose its setting. My guess is that the screw-in mechanism (starting from the little silver ball at the top and going down through the entire piece), gets stripped after being used frequently.  This set was useless to me after about a year. It could be that my set was defective. But the combination of the difficulty in keeping it set with the difficulties of refilling it and keeping it clean far outweigh the likelihood that I'll ever buy this set again. Why I even kept them for a year is beyond me. I think I did it because they were a gift from a family member who expected to see them when they came to visit. My search for the perfect grinder continues.     