 I've had my Nissan 14-Ounce Stainless Steel Insulated Travel Tumbler for going on six years now. I've dropped it, come close to running over it with our truck, taken it camping with me nearly everywhere I've gone, and filled it with nearly every consumeable liquid imagineable. Through it all, it has only gotten one dent (completely my fault) and the gripping strip in the middle of the cup has started to lose a little of its ability to "stick" or stay in place on the metal. In terms of its ability to keep hot things hot and cold things cold, I'm utterly impressed. Following the directions for prewarming with hot water, I've had freshly brewed coffee burn my mouth more than 4 hours after being placed in the mug (geographically, Houghton Michigan to Mackinaw City Michigan, USA was my test run area). I suspect if I'd not opened the mug up to drink anything, it would have kept hot for a good deal longer (but I'm a coffee addict, so I haven't been able to wait any longer to test this theory). If you're going to make tea, consider making some using the no-string bags instead of the standard string-attached bags. It's possible to brew your tea with the string still on, but it's a little tough to screw the lid back on with it hanging out and to be honest, it opens you up for a second source of leakage. There's no metallic aftertaste in what you drink, a frequent problem with cheaper mugs, and the taste of your drink doesn't linger in your mug after proper cleaning. If your spouse doesn't like coffee but you do, you can easily share this mug without residual flavors leaking in to whatever you're drinking. I only have three complaints about this version of the Nissan mug, and two are about the latching mechanism. First, the flip-latch leaks a bit. I like the fact that the flip-latch is easy to open and close with one hand. It's very useful if you're in the middle of negotiating rush hour while driving a manual transmission automobile. However, other mugs offer a sort of pressure-related leak-proof seal. This one does not and the flip-latch results in leakage if the cup tips over while you turn or if it somehow manages to fall on its side. The leakage isn't much, to be honest, but it's enough to require cleanup.  My second latch complaint is personal. If the liquid sloshes inside my mug and there's a small amount on the flip-latch when I open it to take a sip, I invariably end up wearing a small dot of liquid on the end of my nose. It's not a horribly long nose or even oddly shaped, but the  latch touches it just enough that I sometimes look rather foolish if anyone is watching me drink. My third complaint is about the shape of the cup. Aesthetically the design is very pretty and the brushed aluminim easy to clean, doesn't show fingerprints, and is darn near scratch proof if you don't drag it along rough pavement. However, the bottom of the mug doesn't fit into any cup holder in my car. It fits well enough in my truck cup holder. But in my car, it's just big enough that the stable, non-slip base padding makes it just a bit too large to fit. I end up wedging the cup between my legs while driving or setting it on the dashboard and praying I don't have to make any sudden movements or sharp turns. A slightly narrower bottom would fix this problem quite handily. Wishfully thinking, I  would have liked to see this mug have a handle. The middle grip strip is very nice and the whole mug feels comfy in your hand, but I like the choice of a handle. And as luck would have it, Nissan has another model with just such a feature. If you like a handle on your mug, consider getting that model instead. I'll be sticking with mine for a little while longer, though.     