 Elizabeth Moon has given the fantasy reading world a gift with her triology called THE DEED OF PAKSENARRION. Originally released as three separate books, the triology has thankfully been compiled into one volume. Those of you experiencing "Paks" and her friends for the first time should thank the publishers for having the kindess to save you the agony those of us reading the books one at a time had to endure after each one came out (especially book 2 and its ending; I personally challenge you to stop reading after this section and see how long you can hold out before continuing to find out how it gets resolved). Since reading this series, I have purchased it a total of five times because each time friends have borrowed it and not returned it. Not through malice, mind you, but because they loved it so much that they gave it to someone else to read because it was so good. The single volume work THE DEED OF PAKSENARRION makes an absolutely fantastic gift that you'll find yourself buying again and again for friends who truly enjoy a good fantasy novel. It would be easy to hash over the plots of the the three books in this volume, but I think it would be more useful for you to understand what I liked the best about it. Moon's crafting of Paksenarrion is masterful and her detailing of the girl's rise from simple sheepfarmer stock to that of Palladin is not the laborous "travelling through the woods or dungeons forever" torture that so many authors fall prey to. It was impressive that Moon took a chance and started from a simple beginning rather than succumbing to the entire adventure starting from some point very near Paks's greatness as a Palladin. Paks isn't the only character that is masterfully crafted. Throughout the book, I was enchanted by the detail of the characters, those that lived, but especially those that died. I got the impression that Moon really wanted you to know who everyone was, even if you only met them on one page and they died on the next. I got the impression that these characters, not necessarily the plot or the storyline, were what truly made Paks the person she became by the end of the tale. The plot and storyline were excellent backdrops and enchanting additions, but the people really made the story work for me. More's the pity that some of the excellent character examinations couldn't be extended into other series. An entire story about the beginnings and rise of Duke Phelan, Paks's first company commander and lifetime advocate, wouldn't be out of place with Moon's dedicated fans, I think. The books in this volume are more than a simple series of character encounters, however. Several people have commented in the past about the similarities between Moon's work and that of the worlds created by Tolkein or Gary Gygax's D&D realms. To make this simple of a comparison doesn't do any of the three areas justice. To say that Moon's stole directly from any of the three doesn't do them justice either. I believe that Moon has taken something that had a fantastic grounding in a new fantasy realm (Tolkein) and made it something more with elements from a fantastic set of rules (D&D). Moon has made THE DEED OF PAKSENARRION something you care about, something that you can't wait to find out more about, something you willingly read knowing that bad things are happening to good people. Give this volume a try (but try ignore the rather inadequate quality of the paper in the single volume book), and don't be surprised when you end up buying multiple copies.     