 John Marshall's MAKE YOUR OWN JAPANESE CLOTHES is a boon to the sewing  world for anyone interested in creating asian-styled kimono, jackets,  pants, and even socks. For people familiar with the Folkwear pattern line,  John Marshall helped them design the hakama (long pants) pattern. The book  includes a wonderful overview of Japanese clothing, full of useful  information.  For anyone in historical re-enactment societies like the  Society for Creative Anachronism, by all means purchase this book, but  don't expect to be making pre-1600s accurate clothing with it. You'll not  be that far off, but little things, like sleeve attachments, will make all  the difference between a modern kimono and "period" kataginu. The  book is an excellent place to start, but you'll need to search elsewhere  for the details to make it accurate for classical Japan. The instructions  may seem a little daunting at first, certainly to the inexperienced sewer.  If you're used to making clothes from modern tissue or paper patterns, this  book may challenge you initially. The biggest bonus of this book is that  the patterns for each of the items are designed to be made specifically  from measurements you take. No more fussing with fitting and sizing after  the garment is sewn together. With a little patient reading, the trick of  creating outfits from measurements as they do in this book may actually  become your preferred way of making clothes. You'll wonder why more  companies don't make instructions this way, especially if you're a  novice. In addition to very good fabric layouts (described for modern  fabric widths as well as traditional ~14-inch-wide), the book in  unsurpassed in describing the finishing techniques for modern kimono.  Sleeves, sleeve attachment to kimono, seams, embroidery, embellishment, and  even how to construct a kimono and other clothing bits using all  hand-sewing techniques are covered in this book. There's even a good focus  on how you can "modernize" some of the clothing items for western  wear (not that I would use them, because the originals are just  stunning). Despite the ease I had using this book once I sat down and  read it carefully, there were a few problems I had with it. First, there's  no good summary for any of item construction. I was hoping for something  that said "to construct this garment, you'll need to do X, Y, and Z  general things." This kind of summary would have helped tremendously  with the construction of a kimono because each part of the kimono had a  separate chapter and you didn't construct the kimono in the same order as  the chapters were layed out in the book.  My second issue is the brevity  and direction of some of the instructions. In many cases, the instructions  simply said "go to this part of the book, do the steps listed there   but with a certain change if you're making X version, but if you're making  Y version go to this other part and then come back here and finish the  steps here." Therein proceeded a romp through that book that had me  flipping from front to back and anywhere in between to finish the single  portion of the garment I was working on. Confused? So was I. It's possible  to follow the instructions, but you do have to read the steps very  carefully. Multiple bookmarks will help you. My third problem with the  book was the size and the binding. Perhaps the publishers were trying to  make the book smaller to save money. I felt, however, that if the book had  been printed in, say 8-1/2x11 or A4 size, the step-by-step instructions  would have gone from slightly acrobatic to crystal clear by allowing more  room for description. Sometimes the text describing certain steps is many  pages before or after the actual line drawing of the portion of the pattern  on which you should be working. I think this is a direct result of the page  size. The binding was wholly in appropriate for how this book was to be  used. Most people will find themselves setting things on the pages to keep  the book open while they're working on it. A better solution would have  been spiral or hidden-spiral binding. Don't be suprised of the perfect  binding on this book breaks after the workout you give it flipping back and  forth while making your garments. Despite my problems with this book, it  was a solid read and well worth the price. I wouldn't call it stellar,  which is why I gave it only 3 of 5 stars, but I liked it enough that I'd  buy it again if I ever lost or destroyed my current well-dog-eared copy.     