 This book may appear overwhelming to the person who is new to woodworking, and just wants to make a simple project. As you grow deeper in your skills, this book is a must read. It is fascinating for all levels. Hoadley starts off with looking at wood on a cellular level. The different types of wood, have different cell characteristics. If you look at it scientifically, reducing a substance to its cellular level gives you a cross comparative basis, in which to make relational references. Seeming too technically specific for the person, more interested in router techniques, than a science class. But that is just the beginning. He soon goes into the figure in wood, wood identification, water in wood, coping with wood movement, strength of wood, and other properties. He also covers machining wood, joining wood, and finishing wood. Finishing up with modifying wood, the woodworkers raw materials, and Forests past and future.  I would advise someone who is interested in woodworking, to use this book in addition to the others they may have pertaining to woodworking technique. When you get into the building of projects, and see wood "behavior" then this book will all the more make sense. The relationship of how it was sawn and cured, and in what section of the tree it came from, and be relational to why the wood did what it did. It is the easiest to learn that way.  I found it to be a fascinating read. It is like fine art. At first you say, wow that is great. Then as you see it more and more, you come to appreciate the layers of laws that apply to the medium, and gain all the more from it over time.  For example you may marvel at being able to make a perfect fitting mortise and tenon joint, but do you know what the best possible orientation of growth rings in that form of joinery. One way it is apt to split, another way, it will last 100 years. It may not be as much fun as whether Bosch or Makita makes the best router, but inevitably it will result in a long lasting product. It is a fascinating read. Something that should be put on the shelf as a reference source. Read it ahead of time, and read it afterwards to explain, why this thing did that.  Is this the science of wood? Sure it is, but it is done in such a way that, if you don't mind digging through learning the terminology, so you can understand the higher laws of wood joinery and the like, resulting in knowing what may have taken an old master a lifetime to learn. Parts of it are an easy read. Everyone will glean valuable experience from it. It is not so simple that you can have a beginner explain every sentence, but the learning curve is rewarding.  I find Hoadley to be a technician, as opposed to a salesman. Technicians are interested in purely the scientific understanding of the fundamentals, and the relationship of behaviors to bring about the desired result. A salesman is interested in the excitement and appeal of the project, but not the depth from which Hoadley covers the subject. I must admit, that at times it is a dry read. It can best be described by taking a small amount of text from the book. Here is two sections on mortise and tenon joinery. He starts out with this: "Fastening of end grain to side grain joints can be accomplished with a high level of success using mortise and tenon joinery" Later in the same subject he states, "The improvement in mechanical advantage obtained by increasing height is offset by increased dimensional conflict between longitudinal and transverse grain orientation." There you have it. If we knew the terminology that he uses, we could better understand the meaning of the second sentence. What it means is that if you increase the height of the joint, you create a wider surface area, and that creates a stronger joint, but that is offset by the additional expansion and contraction movement in a wider piece of wood. Since the boards in a mortise and tenon joint are typically joined together with grains running against one another, this is a major consideration. We knew that! :-) I had to read that sentence and ponder it before I knew what he meant. At times it reminds me of learing the computer. At times it is frustration, but with understanding, which is a breakthrough, come elation. This book will take you to higher laws and levels.  I guess I am getting wordy. I am excited about this book. As Woodenboat states it on the back cover, "Clearly the best book available on the subject."  I highly recommend you to buy this book. It is an easy read, and it is a complex read, all wrapped up in one book. Each time you reference it, you will derive more and more information from it. It is like fine art. A lifetime of knowledge isn't gained in a single sitting. No matter how many years you spend in woodworking, this book will be right there with you, ever unfolding the true relationship of the product we have come to love; Wood!     