 This drill appears to be somewhat of a normal sized drill. Don't let that fool you. This thing is a monster in disguise. Strong, powerful, and will not quit. I normally use a 14.4 cordless drill. When the drill catches in some material, I am able to release the trigger, with no harm done. On this Milwaulkee corded model running on 110 AC I had an experience I will not forget. I was drilling into some concrete, and must have angled the bit. It caught and although I was holding it very securely it spun so hard that it broke off the depth rod. More importantly, I got a feeling of, I just got bumped by a shark. If I did not let go at the right time, it seriously would have broken my wrist. So the other reviewer who mentioned that is right on the money. I was in a local Milwaukee factory store to replace the broken handle and depth rod, and he suggested I run it at the higher speed which has less torque.   The 1/2" chuck is nice for larger bits, and the metal chuck with a KEY guarantees that you are going to get a no slip bit.   Adjustability is nice with two speeds, and hammer and non hammer options easily swithcable.   If you are drilling concrete for a living all day long, then of course the SDS drills, with bit capacity of greater than a foot, are the way to go. If you are a contractor, who occassionally drills through concrete, and want a drill that will handle most any job then this is the one to buy. This thing will bury a 1/2" x 12" long bit without slowing down.    I don't use the drill that often, but it is a blessing when I need it. Concrete with rocks in them will stop a normal drill. The tip of the bit sits on a rock and spins, the hammering percussion crushes the stone.   Milwaukee makes industrial level equipment, and this drill although a standard size bears that kind of performance. Highly recommended. I will be buying more Milwaukee equipment in the future. I thought at first that it didn't look like the best equipment, but don't let the looks fool you. Go Red-Get a Milwaukee.     