    Trim carpenters are forever measuring angles and making cuts with a miter saw. The advantage of the Starrett 505A is that it makes the job easier. You simply place the protractor into the corner, and it does all of the calculations for you. It reads the angle and the miter saw setting at the same time, with two different sets of arrows.    The thing I like about it, is that it holds a setting, and that is adjustable. There is a setting screw in the back that enables you to adjust the amount of play. The way it comes out of the box, it is almost too tight. If you are laying it up against something, then it is fine, but when you want to pre-set it to an angle, then, use it to align something, it is a little tricky to pre-set. It is so snug that a gentle push will not change it, then with a little more effort, it will change a lot. I used a little WD 40 and loosened the screw just a hair, and now it adjusts perfectly, and still holds a setting. If you are a trim carpenter, and are taking measurements off of walls, the way it is right out of the box is great.    Another thing I like about it, is how ruggedly it is built. Thick aluminum and with this new model, large easy to read numbers.    I checked the accuracy with an expensive Bosch digital protractor, which is accurate to 1/10th of one degree. (Like having 3600 dots in a circle instead of 360) Every setting was either dead on accurate or was accurate to within a few tenths of a degree. That's accurate.     I like it better than the Bosch digital protractor, because it is beefy, and easy to use and store. The Bosch with its glass LED readout, and bulky frame is great for setting up tools and the like, but not as practical for the job site. That is why I have both. I also use the Starrett combination square for setting up saw blades and other tools that require a perfect ninety. Starrett makes great stuff.   I spoke to Starrett in an email about this protractor, and they said this 505A was specifically designed for the job site, every day use in the shop, and to come in at a price that everybody could afford. It's a great unit for the money. Highly recommended. A great addition to your arsenal.     