 As a registered OEM system builder with Microsoft, I was invited and attended the introduction of W2000 Pro. A lot of Microsoft staff was there. One quick note is that there were two types of staff. One wore red shirts, and the others wore blue shirts. The whole day seminar/presentation started with an explanation of, "If you have a technical question, ask one of the Microsoft staff in a red shirt, if you have a sales or marketing question, ask a blue shirt". I got a charge out of that. Sales people are enamored with what the software can do for you, and the technical staff is enamored in how it can do it.  What I really wanted to share with you is the major difference between W2000 and 98; In W2000 the system files are off bounds by different programs regarding, not being able to modify them for each program. In 98, that doesn't hold true. If a change needs to be made to a system file, then the outside software manufacturer can do it. The only help is that you can run system file checker in 98 to check for modified system files, and correct them.  What W2000 does is amazing. Not only can an outside manufacturer not be able to change system files, if you go in and delete a system file, then exit out of the folder, then go back in, sure enough the system file you just deleted was automatically restored when you exited out of the folder.     Another point I wanted to make; the overwhelming advantage of using W2000 over XP when installing in an older machine is that it is compatible with a lot of the older hardware.    Here is the problem: You install XP, and up comes a warning that your hardware is not compatible, or needs drivers loaded in order to work. The manufacturers on the other hand, made your older component, whether it is a sound card, or video card, long before XP arrived, so they never created software drivers for it to run in XP. Nor do they want to spend the resources, to create drivers for a product that they stopped manufacturing 6 years ago. You have to check with the individual components to see if drivers are available for XP before buying it, or replace components. The advantage with W2000 is that you are getting the reliability, and the older hardware (within reason) compatibility.   XP is built on the Windows 2000 platform.  I just built a new machine, so I installed XP Pro on it, and I also picked up a copy of W2000 from an independent seller here at Amazon, and loaded it on my AMD K62-500 for the network. Although I did have one video card that didn't have a W2000 driver, so I changed that very inexpensively with a great 128meg video card on sale with rebates for $29. So my old machines that were built in 1999 run W2000 great. No more programs freeze when several programs are open at the same time. You can leave a machine sitting for a couple of hours and not have it respond poorly when you come back to it, and have to reboot. No more blue screen error reports, having to reboot and run scan disk.  On my new XP machine, I had a bad program loaded, and when would run it, I would get a millisecond error screen, with an instant shut down, then it would reboot without having to run scan disk. I am assuming that since you can't mess with system files, no errors are created. I removed the program, which was a Mickey mouse add on included with a hardware bundle.  Windows 2000 pro rocks. Highly recommended.     