 How do you take a limited work shop space and turn it into full blown wood working shop? Get some Universal Bases. Unless your fortunate enough to be Norm Abrams and can afford to have 10 feet of space between all of your permanently mounted equipment, these bases are for you. I bought 7 of them. All of my major equipment is on one. I can move a heavy table saw with one finger, and when I want to use it, I simply set, the easy to move control arms by foot. Down it comes, on to secure, fixed rubber feet. You may have seen bases like these in Sears for [price]. At this price they are a bargain. They are substantially made. The corners which your equipment rests on, and the wheels are mounted to, are substantial, and the rails that run between the corners are built sufficiently for their purpose. You shouldn't be disappointed. I bought all HTC2000s so I am speaking about those. They are rated up to 400 pounds, and I believe they will handle that much weight easily. At first I hesitated to use one on my top heavy 34 inch Radial Drill Press, thinking it would be a toppling risk. After receiving the first 5, I quickly ordered 2 more, one for the drill press as well. By locating the wheels in the front on both sides, actually improves the footprint, and the stability. They are easy to assemble, and there is always additional hardware left over. Pertaining to use, the only drawback is that when you roll out a piece of equipment, you have to plug it in, and attach the dust collection hose, but that is not the fault of the universal base. The wheels are like a shopping cart configuration, with a fixed wheel position in the back, and universal dolly wheels on the front. Consequently, I am able to line all of my equipment up on one wall, with a minimum of space, and easily move out whichever I may need. I think I may have shared a common trait amongst those of us who long dreamed for a woodworking shop. My love for woodworking drove me to buy equipment even though I didn't have the space for it. I was cutting wood on the Radial Arm saw, with the adjusting handle to the jointer/planer stabbing me in the ... Seriously. That is how bad it was. Now I have space to spare. They roll so easy, I am considering storing the infrequently used jig saw in the adjoining room. I hope this review is helpful. To me they are a solution made in heaven.     