 This device is so simple in its construction, but so exacting in its results. For doing inlays, it couldn't be easier. Short and sweet-The bushing that rides on the template is designed to compensate for the width of the bit, so your inlay, and the pocket have an exact matching edge. Here is how you do it.  1. You make up a template out of 1/4 plywood, or whatever your template preference material is, using your scroll, jig, sabre or whatever saw, then sand using a drum sanding attachment on your drill press, or a dedicated station, or by finely hand sanding,  to get a perfect edge, in whatever size, shape, you want.  2. Install the included 1/8" upward spiral bit in your router. (By the way upward spiral bits leave a perfect wall in the pocket, as well as a perfectly smooth bottom.)  3.Install the template guide, AND install the offset ring that comes with this kit, over the nipple on the template guide. (Porter Cable template guides are the standard in the industry, which means that most routers accept them. If they don't, they usually supply an adapter so they can. Check with the description, or information from the manufacturer of  your router to be sure.) This ring compensates for the width of the 1/8" bit perfectly, so when the pocket is made on this pass, it will mate up perfectly with your inlay.  4. Set the depth of the plunge, or preset your fixed base router, to the depth of your intended inlay, let's use 1/4" in this example, and rout away to create the valley for your template.  5. Now pick up the wood that you are going to be using to inlay into the project. Take the collar off, and using the same template, you rout out your inlay. It is a good idea to set the router a little deeper than your intended inlay so you can make the inlay a little thicker, to give you room for sanding. Then, take your freshly routed inlay over to the band saw, or table saw and run it through, and out comes a 1/4" deep or a little more, inlay. If you can get a perfect face, without saw marks, you can drop it right into the inlay. If not, then you cut it a little bit oversized, and board sand the inlay to the correct depth. It is best to place the original flat side of the inlay down into the pocket, leaving the wood with the saw marks a little proud (sticking up above the plane) then when the glue cures, you board sand the entire project flush.  In addition, exotic inlays are available, which enable you to use very expensive woods. These are usually very thin, and pre-sanded, so you will have to adjust the depth of the valley for the inlay.   Anyhow, pertaining to this kit, it is a lot of capacity, coming out of such a little tool set. After you do your first one, you will be hooked. A good idea is to try one out, on scrap first, just to get down, the niceities, of glue edging etc. Inlays definitely take your work to the next level. This kit has got to be the top of the heap, when it comes to getting the most bang for your buck. Highly recommended.     