 I have been staring at the Brother model HL 1440 for quite some time. It was Consumer Reports number one pick. I decided to go with the HL-5040 because of the additional ram and extra fonts. When I read the owners manual it showed me that a lot of other features are built in as well. I like the fact that it prints a page so fast, and only costs 2 cents per page. My Lexmark X83 multifunction does a nice job in color but has a single page print cost of 6 cents to $1.50 when printing a full-page photograph. Now I think nothing of whipping out a 20-page document. The speed is another practical issue. At a max of 17ppm the paper is coming out so fast that one page is settling in the print tray, while another one is coming out right on top of it   To be critical of the unit is to cite the comments in C Reports, and ZD Net reviews as to the medium quality results when printing graphics. I think that is due in part to the print per page cost being the lowest out of all of the printers. The HL1440 was rated a little higher in graphics, but the same in text. I think black and white photos mixed into an MS Publisher document look fine for black and white. The laser gives you an acceptable printed photo for a few cents. Make up a single 4-page flyer, and make a hundred copies, and you can see that the laser printer could pay for itself in a single printing next to an inkjet. Makes you want to market your tail off with the economy of the laser.      I networked the house, and put the brother HL-5040 in my home office, and now have the option of printing from any one of the machines.     It comes with 8 Meg of ram built in, that is permanently installed, and you have one expansion slot for a single added ram chip. I went into Boogle.com and found a supplier with a 128 Meg ram chip that is generic. The 128 was only thirty-six dollars with free shipping. The printer will work fine with the 8 Meg it comes with, but if you send it a 50-page PDF file, the extra ram is a good idea to help prevent bottlenecks. I love the fact that it has a 250-sheet paper tray. The additional 250-sheet tray for a total of 500 is an option.  The 5040 was listed in Consumer Reports as being the loudest of the laser printers, but I find it to be very quiet.  The big bonus is that with a laser printer your ink never dries out. It is a powder to start with. My friend bought an NEC in the mid 80's and did very little printing, and just last year his cartridge ran out. The problem with my Lexmark inkjet is that the darn cartridges wear out so fast even if you don't use them, and they are expensive.     You do not want to move this machine without removing the drum-toner cartridge first. Brother has big warning messages on the toner bag, stating you can do irreparable harm if you don't remove it first. I imagine that the toner can spill into the workings of the printer and do come damage. Some people commenting on streaking may have done just that. If you move it into the next room, treat it like nitroglycerine, or remove the cartridge first.  The bottom line is the price. (...)the reduction in price to start with, this printer is a super buy. I noticed that Brother has a 5140 now to replace this one. It has the same results on graphics, has the same print resolution, and only a couple of pages per minute improvement on the print speed. I saved the extra money by buying the 5040 and put some of that savings, into the 128 Meg memory expansion chip, and still had some money left over. The 5140 does come with 16 Megs instead of 8 like the 5040.    Bubble jets and inkjets will give you a slightly darker and larger text. The laser is smooth, and truly fuzz free, even under a microscope. I find it easier on the eyes to read. I am keeping my Lexmarks X83s for when I want to print photographs, and when I want to print something out right where I am, instead of going into the office.    I'm not into yeah this, and boo that. I think if I had to have just one printer, it would be a full featured bubble-ink jet, so I could do color too. Adding a laser to your arsenal is the ultimate conclusion. With the price of these Brothers, and the high ratings, (...), makes them a must have. Highly recommended.     