 Having looked at various reviews of other manufacturers, and having gotten a feel for different models (...), I finally settled into the Freud JS 102. I am glad I did.  (...)The Freud is an all-metal design, except the handle shroud. It is well built, and substantially made. Its price tag belies its engineering and performance. It's 5 amp motor didn't even slow down during cutting. We are not chain sawing oak; we are only cutting a tiny slit on the side of wood. The fence detents of 0 and 45 degrees are accurate. More importantly it does not slip when cutting a biscuit. Dust collection appears to be one of the best. Even with the collection bag off of the unit, the shavings exited readily out of the chute, off to the side, and away from the operator.  The only drawback is that in order to adjust the height of the cut, you must loosen the locking nut, and manually move the fence up or down. With this method it is possible to jump to a spot, which may be more or less than is needed. A micro fine adjusting knob would be nice. Some of the more expensive units have that feature. Freud chose to use a precisely fitting (no play) front "sled" with linear measurements inscribed on its face, and a locking lever that is very exact.  On the other hand, the depth of cut is easily adjustable, and like the rest of the unit, very precise.  If your the kind of person who coddles to the very best, and will be using it for your own projects, no matter how many you undertake, and are not dependent on biscuit cutting for a living, then this unit is for you. The only reservation is the height adjustment. Don't misunderstand me. You can get an exact height adjustment with this unit. A perfect setting as a matter of fact. You may spend an extra 20 seconds getting it there. If you cut a 100 different biscuits a day, that 20 seconds could add up.  I am new to this machine and am convinced that with a little practice, I will be able to precisely adjust the height first time, by the way that I hold it, and visually measuring the difference using the measuring ruler on the fence face.  All in all I give it 5 stars because of the quality of the tool, and the surprisingly low price. It appears to be a tool that will give you years and years of dependable use. Freud router bits are among the very best, and I believe this tool is worthy of the Freud name.     