 I have Bench Dog's RT-250 table saw extension, router table, and it is built like a rock. I bought a few of their featherboards, and this combo kit as well. I needed to find a better way to change the blade on the table saw. What I really want to talk about is the featherboards. This one comes with the 3/4" Miter Track adapter. What that is, is a thick piece of aluminum, that is open in the middle. When you tighten the knobs on the top of the featherboard, it pulls the 3/8" headnut up into the adapter, spreading it. Snugs it into your miter track real nice. Technically if you have some wax or oil in the track, you will have to tighten it well.    By undoing the nut, and removing the adapter, it doubles as a 3/8" T-track featherboard. That is a common size track, and has the advantage of creating a track-tunnel, that the head of the nut will not come out of, no matter how hard we try. :-)    So what about home made featherboards? I'm sure there are those who have featherboard making, down to a science. My personal experience, is that the ribs are either too thick, and resist the workpiece too much, or too thin, and break readily. These Bench Dogs are none of that. Strong, yet gentle, firm enough to hold onto a 2x10 if you wanted them to. Easily adjustable, with just the right amount of tension, and yet finely adjustable for even the smaller pieces of work.    The other big advantage is that they are right there, in the work area, where you want them. No far reaching clamps. You can use one or two, on the table, both as an infeed, and an outfeed guide. Additionally, you may want to have one on the infeed, and outfeed above-on your fence. An inexpensive 3/8" T-Track will give you that kind of pressure and security that these tracks allow. Helps prevent kickback, from a workpiece lifting slightly off of the table saw. It lifts, an 1/8", and gets trapped between the fence and the blade, and out of nowhere, you get a piece of what is now scrap, snapping into your belly. It only happened to me once, but now I stand off to one side of the saw. You may notice that the safety hold downs that come with the better saws, are designed to achieve just that. This featherboard, will take care of that for you.    When routing, I use them. All it takes is a slight lifting of the material, and you have a noticeable defect in the workpiece. With these you get great results every time. You are almost tempted to pause. It holds it that true. If it wasn't for burning, I would go answer the phone, in the middle of a run. :-) Just kidding of course, but you get the idea.    These are substantially made. You could run them over in your car, and it wouldn't hurt them. Will definitely last a long time, and should never wear out.    The big advantage is the amount of set up time you save. It is easy to get the right amount of resistance out of them. Just right, so it ever so slightly slows the work, while maintaining just the right amount of pressure to keep the work true. I was unable to achieve that myself. Bench Dog featherboards keep that artistic posture flowing. Highly recommended.    What about Bench Dog? They are the winners of several accolades, not the least of which is editors choice awards. Once you start to experience the super engineering, and durable quality of the line, you'll know your bitten by the dog. Then you will want to write crazy long reviews, and give it to everone else. :-) Buy them, you won't be sorry.     