 Forgive me for not rating this specific pressure washer but I bought one just like it. I would like to share my experience with you, hoping it will help others. I bought a Generac pressure washer with a 6 HP Briggs and Stratton OHV engine. The washer was rated at 2250 PSI and 2.2 gallons per minute. It came with an aluminum head. Note the best washers have brass heads. To make a long story short, I was pressure washing some paint off of my basement walls when the pump head developed a crack, and I lost a lot of pressure. It was my fault. The reassurances that their is a pressure release valve didn't do the trick. The problem was that I washed a few sq ft, then put down the wand, wet vac'd the water, went into the other room to dump it, then came back and picked up the wand and washed some more. After an hour of this the head went.  Lesson learned, be sure and keep the water flowing through the pump to keep it cool, while it is running, or risk losing the pump. The unit was 400 dollars new. When I contacted Generac they said, buy a new pressure washer. The head alone was over 200, and the pumps ceramic pistons or worse could be damaged as well. Depression set in. It had a two year warranty, which I was not aware of, when I winterized it and decided to deal with it next year.  Their is light shining at the end of the tunnel. Boogle.com solves all. Just type in pressure washer parts, and up came pressurewasherparts.com. On their home page they had a special on a complete replacement pump for 189 dollars(an Anovi Riveri sp? with a brass head, none the less.)It was less than the cost of the replacement aluminum head alone from Generac. It was rated at 2400 PSI and 2.5 gallons per minute so it was an upgrade to boot. I simply unbolted the entire pump from the briggs, and bolted on the new pump. A few tweakings to tidy up the couplers with teflon tape to prevent leaks, and I was right back in business.  Another thing worth mentioning is that I was at one time disappointed that I did not buy a washer with a Honda engine, but bought the Briggs instead. Well guess what? The Honda engines, as you can see by the reviews, are not holding up. Plastic internals. Give me the good old Briggs heavy metal, and it starts on the second pull.  One last note is that the higher pressure washers do give you more pressure, and in some specific chores that can be beneficial, but overall the benefit to more power is that the job gets done a lot faster. Once you get close to 2000 PSI you can comfortably etch your sidewalk or deck. Less than that, break out a solution of 50/50 bleach and water, and wet mop it on before starting.  With a 2000PSI+ you are etching an area about 3" wide. Holding it farther away, making it wider than that, and all you are doing is rinsing it off. With the greater pressure washers, 3500 PSI for example, you can cover a greater area with the same level of cleaning. Net result, more results in less time. Hope this was helpful.     