 I just went online with Consumer Reports and they have the C 5050 by Olympus as the number 2 spot in the 5 megapixel showdown. The Nikon coolpix was number one. I don't exactly understand that considering that the 5050 gets 400 shots per battery charge, and the coolpix only 100. Additionally, the coolpix has an 8x zoom, and the Olympus has a 3x. Sometimes bigger isn't better. The problem with bigger zooms, is that they have really small lense sizes, therby limiting the amount of light they are capable of taking in. For inside the building shots, that is a super big factor. The Olympus with a 1.8 Super Bright Lense beats the competition. Think about it, if you want to take a shot in low light conditions, you have to have a long shutter speed. With a long shutter speed you need a tripod or a very steady hand. With a bright lense the C-5050 you barely need a flash. I have the Olympus C-2040 which also has the 1.8 lense, and I prefer to take pictures without the flash. It is almost like the camera records light undetected by the naked eye. The pictures are unbelievably bright for a so so light condition. Without the flash, you avoid the red eye problem, and the bleached out flash light. Skin tones and colors look a lot better without a flash.    Think about the brighter lense this way, when someone is moving around, or when you are in an action shot, the brighter lense automatically creates a faster shutter speed, so you get a non blurry shot. With a smaller lense opening, you are stuck with a longer shutter speed which results in a fuzzy shot. I know my earlier experience with 80-210 zooms, I always had to work around a 2.8 aperture. That is a serious limitation. My 2040 has a 3x zoom, and that is all you need. If you go crazy with a high zoom, you once again, should be using it on a tripod. The slightest hand shake is magnified with a big zoom. Then that is amplified even greater with the smaller aperture.    My Olympus C-2040 was consumer reports number one rated camera two years back. As CR puts it, the 2040 had superior printed picture results even above the 5 megapixel cameras. The following year it was comparable to the 5s. When printed on 8 1/2 by 11 glossy photo paper, you can't tell it from a 35mm photo. I have seen shots blown up to that size with a direct comparison to the Nikon Coolpix at twice the price, and the 1.8 lense made the background a lot more defined. Both produced great detail in the subject.    I am keeping my 2040, but I thought something should be said about the 5050.     