 What to buy? How do you narrow the choices, there are so many Waring Blenders? I will tell you this, this Waring 7010WHW Blender is one industrial quality piece of equipment. (This model is marked Commercial on the motor cover on bottom.) I just made up a smoothie with a lot of frozen fruit. When it go so thick most blenders would be showing smoke, this thing kept right on grinding, without losing speed. Under all that pressure the whole thing started to slowly walk across the counter. I shut it off and said, "Wow, this is one cool piece of equipment" I have had other blenders that smoked, and the Oster lost a gasket seal on the bottom and leaks. This thing is industrial grade. Now on to the decision about which one to buy.  The experience I had with a cheaper blender going up in smoke, and the reviews on the Kitchen Aid having the same problems, I decided, as many noted, that the Waring Blenders are what the pros use, and it would be a good idea to buy one also. I was looking at the Pro Bar Blender with the stainless cup. I like the idea that you don't have to worry about breakage. If you have a lot of kids, or a clumsy spouse :-) that might be the way to go. I like this model because it has the glass, and I want to see to make sure it is clean when I am done using it.  The wattage is a question. All I can say is that this one is 360 watts, whereas the Bar Pro is 390. It is kind of funny but the Kitchen Aid mixer is 500 watts, and if you read the reviews, the motors are going up in smoke. So I wouldn't take a few extra watts too seriously.  One of the reasons why I bought this model, is because it has the word "Health" on the front. The one I received, which is the same unit, and model number, says Pro instead. I understand pictures can't always be up to date.  Another factor to consider is the weight. This model is 12 pounds shipping weight, and the other Waring Blenders are 8 or 9. Since these are made from Cast Metal Bases, as well as a cast metal cup holder base, the substantial weight is a sign of strength, and durabiity. This is the heaviest unit, and has the highest list price. (Maybe that is because of the added timer, and larger base)  The important thing is this model comes with the 5 year motor guarantee. That is not stated on many of the models. At the Waring site, they have a different designation-area for their "commercial grade" equipment. Their consumer line is lower in cost, and not guaranteed as long. I bought this blender, and a smoothie book. What a great way to create a healthy family. Kids don't want to eat fruit? When you make a pure frozen fruit shake, out of just fruit, and a little cinnamon, they gobble them up, and you don't have to worry about fruit spoilage. When the whole family falls in love with them, a commercial grade unit like this Waring 7010WHW will give you the performance you need.     