 At the JDS web site, they list this charcoal filter for the JDS 750, as intended to remove smoke, odor, and pollen from the air. I did not see any mention of using it as a paint fumes remover. It also should not in any way be used as an over spray clearer. I had a body shop for twenty years. We used special explosion proof motors for the wall fans, and one in the ceiling stack for the booth, because the build up of flammable paint over spray can be a fire hazard. Additionally, if over spray got near the JDS 750 air cleaner, it would clog at least the initial filter, and since you couldn't clean it properly, it would be rendered useless. The electrostatic pre-filter that comes with this unit is great for removing airborne dust particles etc. It is super easy to clean. It slides right out of the unit, without having to do any disassembly. I use a standard shop vac, to quickly reverse suck the dust out of it. No waiting for the pre filter to dry. If you have the time, gently washing it is the way to go. With the rigid wire mesh protecting it, using a vacuum doesn't damage it, and it a lot more convenient. Back to the charcoal filter. If you working with someone who smokes, and doesn't bathe as often as you would like, and has a habit of taking a run through the ragweed before coming into the shop, the charcoal filter is just what the doctor ordered. :-) No seriously, it is great for those three things, eliminating smoke, odor, and pollen. Refinishing is best done in the garage, or a dedicated area, with fumes venting outside. Post filters are nice. No matter what you do, for the first 24 hours, you are going to get fumes coming off of the finish. It is a constant source, meeting up with a constant air filtration. (If you leave it running all night) Since it takes a certain amount of time for the filter to work, and the finish emitting fumes is non-stop, I guess you know who will win that race.  The garage is ideal for refinishing. During the summer it is great. During the winter, I use a salamander kerosene forced air heater on the floor with a thermostat. I refinish in the morning, and leave it running during the day. By the end of the day, the finish is baked so nice, it doesn't matter if it gets cold during the night. You don't want to spray refinish with the salamander going at the same time though. It not only is a fire hazard, it also wreaks havoc on your finish. What it does is take the over spray particles, and instantly turn them into baked hard tiny pellets, that are especially well suited to sticking on your finish, and sends them blowing into your shop, rising with the heated air, only to settle down onto your project. Net result, a heavy dust nubbed finish.  I just felt like I should say something about the suitability of this filter for refinishing. Hope it helps.     