 How do you make a router that is just as good under the table as above? You do what Porter Cable did in this router. The problem with under the table use is that trying to plunge a spring upside down results in lifting the table. Bosch did a good job with their 1619EVS, which has a spring defeat button, and a fine adjust knob. What Porter Cable did was create an adjust knob with the right amount of movement, that works independently of the plunge mechanism. It will only travel within the range of the adjusting knob while plunging. So when you want to do a 2 1/2" plunge, the adjuster should be all the way out. If it is adjusted down one inch, it will only plunge the last 1 1/2" of the plunge range.   Secondly, the challenge is to be able to do an under the table setting, run a sample, then be able to loosen the collet, tweak the adjust knob, and reclamp. The thing to avoid on lesser routers is that when loosening the clamp, it jumps completely away from a setting, so you are continually "gross" setting the adjustment. With the Porter Cable , the adjust knob takes it to your spot, then after the sample cut, you can release the clamp, and it holds your position, so you are able to fine adjust to the desired spot. The advantage the plunge routers have over the fixed base routers is that they have a smooth movement along rails. A fixed base router; for under the table use has a major sleeve the motor rides in, and when loosened tend to shift off axis slightly. Plunge routers ride perfectly smooth in the full plunge range, without any slight off angle at all. I have 7 routers, several Bosch's, Fein, Makita, and two Porter Cables, and this router is one industrial grade piece of equipment. Their 1 3/4HP models are not bad, but not on the level of the 2HP models. It has an industrial quality feel to it. It is super quiet, and runs smoothly. It will cut through 1-inch oak, with a 3/4" rounding over bit without slowing down. Combining the 2hp motor, and smart electronics, lays on just the right amount of power.    It's quiet, smooth, strong, and practical. Has the large base opening so it will accept the popular full size 3 1/2" raised panel bits. Don't let anybody talk you out of this one. It's an award winner. I plan on using mine under the table. No one router has everything over all the other routers out there, but this one comes close. Highly recommended.     