 I prefer the variable speed model. Gives you a lot more control, especially in delicate situations. Here is my review of the variable speed model.  I installed French Doors off of the living room, with a landing, and handrails, and trimmed out the new opening. The Fein Multimaster was with me all the way. I started off needing a detail sander, that would get into tight places, that the usual sander with a larger motor, hanging out over the triangular sanding head would not reach. The motor head would get in the way. So a long body sander is what I needed. I went to Home Depot and bought a Ryobi, thinking it would suffice for as often as I needed to do corners. Wrong! No matter what grade of paper I put on it, it dug a hole, made a lot of noise, and refused to sand an even plane. I returned it. In disgust, I popped for the Fein Multimaster Kit. Wow, what a difference. The sanding function was smooth, but not so aggressive as to eat holes in the wood. It starts off with such a light touch, that you can even hold one of their jagged teeth cutting blade attachments against your skin without any harm, but when you apply it against the wood, and exert a little pressure, it slices right through it effortlessly, and evenly. So the more resistance, the greater the cutting or sanding action. The variable speed model is perferred.  It is vibration, rather than a stroke, especially at the lower settings. Once you speed up the tool it goes all the way to a mini-stroke. Gives you a lot more control when working up against the edge of something. Truly a masterful tool.  You have the option of buying the sanding head with the holes in it, and the vacuum attachment, giving you relatively dust free sanding. Great if you are working in a clean environment, and don't want to blanket the room.  The cutting blade that comes with it, that is a half moon shape, does a nice job, but is designed as a freebie to go with the system, and is not as durable as their e-cut blades, which aren't cheap. The e-cut blades also are rectangular so they reach into tighter corners. Makes a perfect job, when removing the wood spacer-shims from the door surround, and cutting fine lines in most any application, where precision is the key.  When instaling the trim of the door opening, I had to make a cut at the base, that would meet flush with the tile, for the floor. The flush cutting blade, with its offset design, made me look like Michelangelo. :-) Well OK it is not the Sistine Chapel, but the mating of the wood to the surface of the tile was perfect. No effort, and easy to control. I laid the tile up against the wood, pencil scribed a line, then removed the tile, and cut the wood with the flush bit, just using the pencil line as my guide. Effortless. The fit was so nice, I had to snug the tile in under the line.  Bosch makes a flush cutter also, and the advantage to that, is that the blades are available locally. The problem is that the Bosch is not also a sander, and scraper etc. Cost almost the same, and is a one use tool.  I noticed that the paper for the Fein has a good backer on it. Saves you from a curling end, which leads to a buggered up backing on the sanding pad. Very exacting, and very well made.  You will notice in the Amazon sales rank, that the Fein outsells the Bosch. I love Bosch equipment, so I am not knocking the tool.  The optional mini e-cut blades kit is smaller than you would imagine. Combined with the precision vibration of the tool, enables you to work on smaller scale fine work as well.  When sanding with the coarser grits, and some pressure, you can remove a good deal of material in short order. By using a finer grit, and a softer push, you can polish the surface to a smooth finish.  I have the Fein RT-1800 Router, which is more of an industrial quality piece of equipment, and this Multi-Master will give me many years of reliable service, the same as the router. Fein makes first class stuff.  This is one of those tools, that you don't use as often as a cordless drill, but when you need to do something that it does, it's done effortlessly, and beautifully. Strong, yet gentle, durable yet light. It's the perfect mix. Definitely a five star piece of equipment, and worth every penny of it's hefty price tag. Buy it, you won't be sorry.     