 If you were designing a fence, think about the problem. You have a hand crank on the end close to you, that not only moves the fence, but tells you with precision where the fence distance is from the blade. Like most fences the cranking goes on close to you, and the tail at the other end drags behind, which results in a less than perfect angle, and measurement to the blade. The Beisemeyer fence did a good job, but only gurantees to within 1/64" accuracy. So now we move onto the logic behind the Incra TSIII-32. By positioning the crank in the center, instead of the edge, you eliminate the drag on the other end. Technically you still could get some uneven drag on either end. So what Incra did was create a large approxiamately 4 or 5 inch wide center guide, which keeps it square to the blade, and has a saw tooth pattern every 32nd of an inch, so when you tighten down the clamp, it falls into one of the teeth, so you get a precise measurement every time. Not only is it precise, but it is repeatably precise if you want to go back to that measurement. You may say, but what if the setting I want is not in 32nd of an inch increment? That is where the micro adjusting knob comes in. You can fine adjust, accurately to within .001 of an inch any setting in between. Incra guarantees accuracy to within .002 of an inch on the gross settings, the fine adjustment knob goes to .001. Phew. After you grow accustomed to dialing in a setting, in a matter of seconds, and getting a perfect cut, their is no going back. I used to take a tape measure and eyeball a setting from my old fence. The little tab on the tape measure is always loose. Even when measuring, getting a setting that is accurate to the edge of the teeth, which are wider than the blade body, instead of to the edge of the blade, is another illusion. Anyhow, net result-cut and measure, readjust, and cut and measure, until it is right. Zero repeatability, instead of zero repeatability error. No comparison. Less time, total accuracy, that is instantly repeatable at any future time. You see when you dial in a setting, it drops into one of those 1/32" teeth. Exactly the same? Ok, to within .002"   Some set up tips: After speaking to the factory rep from Incra, who was super helpful, I learned that you can install this fence system, starting at the left edge of your table saw top, instead of well beyond it, like shown in the picture. That way you get ripping capabilities of 49 or 50 inches, which covers any needs you may have for ripping an 8 foot sheet of plywood. With that much width, a set of legs is advisable. Woodpecker(s).com has a custom set for the incra cheap.   What about the top. This fence system does not come with the built in router tops as shown in the picture. Buying some MDF at the local home center is all you need to do. The instructions that come with the fence, explain how to install it.   Incorporating a router table to the left of the saw, and or one to the right is a good idea. Incra provides you with an auto-centering tape for routers as one of the tape measuring rules built into the fence. (Their are 4 tape-rule slots with 3 tapes provided. That way you can dedicate a tape for your regular blades, and one for a dado blade for example) Back to the routers. By using the Incra fence system mounted on your table saw, as a routing platform, you get the advantage of the super exacting TS3 fence as a foundation for your routing. You can buy the optional Wonder fence for routing from Incra, or make a split fence on your own. The T-slots on the fence face makes this possible. Additionally, Incra also sells T-Tracks now, which have measuring rules built into them. Makes you want to design your own custom set up. This makes the exactness of the TS3 usable in the routing format. For example: Making raised panels, requires multiple passes. You could set the fence for each pass, and end up with a final pass that would be exactly the same on all pieces. (To within .002" Phew) And you could come back to those exact settings if you accidentally needend another panel. I can understand what they mean by the "Incra"mental system.   So onto the standard review format. This thing is tops. It is clearly the finest, most accurate fence system available on the market today. Buy it at Amazon, and save the money. :-)  The reason why the 32" standard set up is popular, is because most people don't have an 11 foot area to cover the width of the set up. The 32 comes with 72" rails, and you can decide to install the way the picture shows, giving you only the 72 inch area, plus whatever the center guide extends during use. If you decide to go with the 92" rails available from Incra, or install the 72s at left table edge, then you will need the additional space.   If you are interested in ripping your wood and going directly to glue up, get this fence, and use it with a good blade. Normally we rip the material, leaving it an 1/8" oversize, and then joint it to a smooth edge. With this setup, you can go from saw to glue up station. No slight off angles leaving saw marks in the work, or inaccurate sizing. What a time saver. Hey it is some more money, but in the long run it will pay for itself.   I spent a lot of time looking into fences, and I hope this review helps.     