 I had setup a wireless Linksys router for a friend in his Win XP and ME machines, and it went without a glitch, using the automatic install CD. This one is not the same. The dedicated hard wire version, does not work with the CD. I set it aside, and then followed the instructions, that came as a quick start fold out guide, and it configured like a dream.   I like the idea that this unit comes with the built in hardware firewall. In addition, I highly recommend the free version of Zone Alarm. PC Magazines editors choice. Simply get the free version at ZoneAlarm.com. I loaded the included Norton Internet Security, and it ate up a good bit of system resources, which overall slows the machine down.  I'm using Verizon DSL, and they have a web site, that measures connect speed. The Norton IS slowed me down to a consistent 600. When I removed it, by using uninstall, and loaded the Zone Alarm firewall, I got a consistent 750.   I tried everything. Verizon was getting 864 at my box outside. I had another machine that was getting 750 consistently. Both machines are exact mirrors of one another-all the same components. I even brought back a MSFT ethernet card, and replaced it with the same Linksys PCI Card as the other machine. Then I remvoved Norton. It sings. Get Zone Alarm.   This Linksys router does not slow your connection down at all. I hooked a phone line up, through a window, directly into the outside phone box, and ran it directly to the modem. It went from the modems ethernet port, to my PC. In plain words, I eliminated the router from the loop, and got the same exact performance results as when the router was hooked up.   When I put the Linksys PCI card in the other computers in my home network, when I booted them up, they automatically, found my internet connection. If it doesn't with yours, be sure and check-automatically detect proxy settings, in Internet Explorer.    I love the new set up. Networking the machines is great. Being able to share files, printers etc, and most importantly the super fast internet connection. No getting bumped off.   If you qualify for DSL, I highly recommend it. Once again, I am getting a consistent 750. My friend has cable, and although he occassionally gets 1 meg, their are times when he runs at 6 to 30. (That is not a typo). Consistency, and reliability, and first class service is what I am getting from Verizon. Don't beat them up, they will come out, and pamper your connection until it is right.   One other thing that is really important. DSL is super sensitive to noise in the lines. If you are having a problem, they send out a cable specialist, and shorten your line. Phone lines run toward the service, and oftentimes, are in mulitple loops, which run away from your service terminal as well. More noise, more distance, equals slower connect times. Also listen real hard for hum in your house line. Get on a phone with a volume button, and turn it all the way up. Get a dial tone, press 5 for example. It should be DEAD quiet. If it is not, improve your internal phone lines. Don't run them along power lines etc. Start with one connection, then reattach one at a time, until you find the one that hums, then fix it. It will ruin your performance.   I guess I am rambling. This Linksys router, is a winner. Their PCI cards are tops as well. Since all of the Tech professionals I know strongly recommended me to not go wireless, due to the ease of intrusion, into your internet connection, and more importantly your private computer-information, I went with this version. Glad I did. It works great. Highly recommended.     