 I'm new to Photoshop. I'm making the conversion from Microsoft Photodraw, and Front Page. The learning curve is radical, but exciting. Using it in conjunction with Dreamweaver MX 2004.  What I wanted to comment on was about the bridge. It takes about 5 or 10 seconds to load on my machine when there are about 40 photos in the folder I am opening. The flexibility of being able to see thumbnails, and also being able to open each of them with a right click, then choosing which program to use, makes the bridge a welcome addition. That way you can edit in Photoshop, then drop it into Dreamweaver, or with any Adobe program.  Is it possible that some of the negatives are from using CS2/the Bridge with the minimum system requirements? I just put together a new machine, Asus A8N-SLI Deluxe, AMD 64 3800+, 1 gig of dual channel ram, ATI All in Wonder X600 pro PCI Express Video card as the heart of the system. The bridge responds quickly. (Not as quick as opening a single file)  I bought the upgrade, since I was using Photoshop 7, and that adds up to a bargain.  What I noticed is even though the reviews were fraught with less than stellar results, I saw that Photoshop CS2 managed to be in the top 10 through 14 in the Amazon sales ranks for software sales. So I thought I would give it a try, and I am glad I did.  The vanishing tool is amazing; you can remove objects, or people from a photograph, and if you spend a little time doing it, you can't tell that they are missing.  The editorial reviews cover the many features. I also wanted to mention that the upgrade comes with a second cd that is a tutorial. Adobe also gives you a choice of a free gift if you register the software. I chose the two copies of Photoshop User magazine. It is like a sub culture, one that I am interested in getting more involved with.  The bottom line is this, if you want to be using the number one web graphic design tool, (Photoshop, and the Image Ready software that is included with it) and join it together with Dreamweaver, you are embarking on a journey that will take some time to accomplish, but will reward you with a level of sophistication, you can never achieve using the Front Page combination.  They say familiarity breed's contempt, but I for one, am absolutely enthralled with the new world of CS2. To tell you the truth, I built the new system, so that I could use Dreamweaver and CS2. In the past I was disappointed with Microsoft for introducing new operating systems, that wouldn't run on my old gear, then I realized it was time to take advantage of the new capacities. My AMD K6-2 500s are still running on the home network, and I don't really see much of a difference when opening regular programs. Processing a lot of graphics is when you can see the difference. The new PCI Express graphics port transfers data at the rate of 2.5 gigs per second, instead of 133 Megs on a regular PCI slot. It is also twice the bandwidth of an 8X AGP. The new ASUS boards rock. I probably will have to come back and edit this review, but I thought it was important to let others know about my favorable opinion on CS2. Hope this helps.       