 I have to add to my other review. I came to realize what the Jessem Rout-R-Slide can do when making mortises.    Since you have the option of fixing the workpiece to the fence, and moving the router instead, AND you have the option of attaching the fence front to back, AND you have front and back measuing tapes, as well as side to side, you can make mortises perfectly, with the least amount of effort.    So here it goes, you mount your workpiece by clamping it to the fence, going front to back. Loosen the fence, and slide it over to just touch the outer edge of the router bit. Note the measurement.  Then to set up for the overall length of the mortise, you use the stops on the sliding mechanism, you lock your stops, at where you want the mortise to begin, and the second one where you want your mortise to end.   Now you lower your router bit, so it will clear your workpeice. Loosen the fence, using the imbedded tape guides, you move it over as far as the distance you want your mortise to begin from the edge of your workpiece, plus the width of the bit.    Let's say you want to create a mortise that is one inch away from the edge, and is 3/4" wide. If you are using a 3/4" bit, you move the fence one and three quarter inches over. The 3/4" router bit will give you a perfect 3/4" mortise, exactly one inch from the edge.  (I use an upward spiral bit, they leave perfect walls, even when you make multiple graduating passes, and perfectly flat bottoms.)  If you want to make a wider mortise, let's say a 1",  then after making your first passes with the 3/4" bit, you move the fence another 1/4" for your final passes. Any size mortise can be made with different size bits, by simply making multiple passes.   Since a router bit leaves a rounded edge, your tenon will need to be rounded as well. I use a Delta Tenoning jig, and then a sharp chisel to create that slight roundness on the tenon.     If you consider all of the alternative to making mortises, this one has them beat. Why? Because it makes an accurate,  perfectly smooth, even walled mortise, that can be done easily, at no additional expense.     It blew my mind when I first discovered it. So this table doubles as a super precise mortising machine, in addition to all of the other capabilities. Hope this was helpful.     