 I have looked all of the polishers available here at Amazon. Using something at 1750 RPMs might be ok for some finishes, but to get true high quality gloss, you need a 2400 RPM machine. Less than that, you don't bring up deep gloss. More than that, with the speed of a sander or grinder (4500=6000 RPM) will burn your finish right up.   This Milwaukee has the right speed, and it is variable if you want to go into a different level of polishing, than the automotive level. With 11 amps in the motor, you are sure to have the kind of power that will guarantee a constant speed, even when you have a 7" bonnet loaded with compound.   Another great feature is the locking collet. I had a body shop for 20 years, did a lot of high end cars, personally spent more hours on a 7" polisher than would be believable if I stated it, seriously, and  locking collet would be a dream come true. Most polishers have an allen wrench based nut in the center of them, which holds the rubber backing pad to the shaft. When it is time to change a pad, it is often frustrating, because of the center nut. All you can do to change the pad is hold on to the backing pad, and use an allen wrench. That resulted in a slipping backing pad, sliding around the spindle. To have a locking collet is an engineering dream for a polisher.   Since polishers require a lot more torque, and beefy components, than a grinder, it is comforting to know that this Milwaukee has helical gearing, and all ball and roller bearings.  I have come to appreciate the heavy duty build on Milwaukee tools. Their new Lok Tor cordless drills are the highest torque in the industry. Their 11 amp sawzall is the best, and the list goes on.   I noticed a comment in the editorial review, that a pro might need more speed. NOT. This polisher covers the proper speed. A burn mark in a polished finish, looks like a raising of the material, in a little series of ridges. Another peril of too much speed is a quick burn through the finish, revealing base coats for example primer. I mention this because this is the heavy duty unit. You don't need something faster, or more powerful. You would be hard pressed to find another tool out there that does the job better. The competition, with less power, slower speeds, and that funny handle that goes over the top of the polisher is not what you want. I went into the local home center and felt that handle position just today. It is uncomfortable for polishing. You want your hand out out to one side of the head, just the way this Milwaukee is. They further enable you to choose a side, in the event that you are left handed. It gives you a wider stance with a side handle, which equals better control.    All in all this is a five star piece of equipment. It costs a little more than the competition, but the extra money is put in the tool. Highly recommended.     