 Commonly we use a tape measure to mark our work piece before cutting. The small tab at the end of our tape measure is always loose. Some argue that it was built intentionally that way, so that when you stretch it, it slides to make up for the allowance of the thickness of the tab. When compressed, it slightly shortens the length to once again make up for the tab. That sounds good, until you actually measure something with it both ways, and come up with a 32nd of an inch or more difference. If we are rough framing that is fine. When we are doing anything that doesn't demand close tolerances, it suffices.  What is interesting, is that the smaller the cut, or the finer the project, critical tolerances become all the more important. Installing a set of kitchen cabinets, and you have to nick a 1" corner in something. That can be difficult to do perfectly. If cut wrong, it stands out like a sore thumb. What this Precision Marking Rule will do is give you perfect lines effortlessly. Less time spent, and undeniably exact markings.  Incra designed this so that each measurement, whether you are measuring to a 32nd or a 64th can be done almost without your glasses on. Each measurement is marked with a small hole next to it. In there fits the tip of a .5mm mechanical pencil, or sharpen a regular pencil to a fine tip, give it a couple of twists to center it in the hole and you are ready to go. What I did in the past was use a framing square, park my pencil on my measurement, then try to hold it still on the square, while I glided it along. It normally wouldn't hold totally true. With this rule, it prevents the pencil-marker from floating. It stays in the hole for a flawless measurement along the entire line. It is not harder, it is easier.  You can see how ultra fine this capacity is. As a matter of fact the incra system is the most exacting measuring, fencing, and marking systems available. Some things we don't need this level of accuracy. On the other hand, once you get into the "incra"mental system, their is no going back. It takes less time, for better results. I just bought the Incra TSIII-32 table saw fence system, and I am sold on the timesavings, and ease of use in doing it right, instead of getting it close.  It is nice to know that if I am dealing with tight tolerances, this is standing by to give me the flawless measuring I need. Even if I am scribing a line along a board, that I need to run through the jointer, I know it will be exact. If I had to be critical on the piece, I would say that since it is for fine measuring, the T-slot aluminum track is substantial, but the metal on the measuring face is thin enough that you wouldn't want to step on it. A thick framers square could be dropped off of a second story, but it won't give you this kind of exactness. For the money, you can't beat this rule. Highly recommended, buy it you won't be sorry.     