 I had read the reviews. I noticed the comment that Consumer Reports had rated the Rowenta number one, at half again as much money. That had me concerned. Since this was a new model, I decided to give it a shot. I looked up the Consumer Reports review, and they had compared it to the T-Fal 90, which is a different-earlier model. This unit has 130 as the model number on the side. The Consumer Reports review was done in 2001. The complaints from Consumer Reports about the T-Fal 90 was that it was difficult to read how much water is in the unit. With this new 130 model, you won't need your glasses to see the water level. They almost went overboard in the ability to see it clearly. It's got to be the easiest to see.   Consumer Reports also mentioned that the Rowenta had the best steam. This T-Fal puts out generous amounts of steam. Consumer reports mentioned that the enamel slip surfaces were easier to clean than the stainless that comes with the Rowenta.  Another thing, I know this sounds silly, but I like the aesthetics of the T-Fal better than the Rowenta. The T-Fal is a more attractive design. Both irons have the same safety shut off features, and both models have 4 steam spray options as well.  T-Fal is the inventor of the non slip cooking surface. Their material is different than some of the other non slip surfaces. It resists scratching. My friend has a Rowenta, and he mentioned the stainless steel surface gets scratched on metal buttons. Careful ironing will prevent that. Scratches are prone to trap starch. This iron is smooth, and does not snag on anything. All settings are easy to use and see. Water levels are very simple to see as well. The filler opening has a little door on it, to prevent spills. The cord is a ball and socket, giving you a 360 degree spin capability. Helps it to stay out of the way. The spray nozzle gives you a nice spray, that is easily directable. Great for the little touch ups. If you were planning to dampen a pile of clothing, a fuller size spray bottle would be advisable.  All in all I give this iron 5 stars. If you are fortunate enough to be able to take advantage of the T-Fal 20 dollar gift certificate, it makes this unit a no brainer. I bought the T-Fal fast water heater, that boils one cup of water in 60 seconds to bring the purchase up to the 99 dollar requirement for the gift certificate. That too is a great unit. It is shocking to have a rolling boil in only 60 seconds.  I guess over time I will be able to tell whether this iron holds up or not. After all, I got the iron, and the fast water boiler for the same price as the Rowenta iron alone. On top of that they added a 20 dollar T-Fal gift certificate. Normally I consider quality first, and price second. With this unit, I am more than happy with the quality and the price.     