 I bought the Avenger Products 10031 Premium 8" 30 tooth stacked dado set. It looks like this 10026 42 tooth set, has the one problem that the 10031 has, figured out. Let me explain. Amazon was running a clearance on the 10031 set. The price was so cheap that I decided to take a chance with them. I have a Sears "Professional" 10 inch radial arm saw. Without getting into a complete bashing of the Sears saw, let's just say that I put a dado blade on it, leave it set at a 90 degree angle, and use it for that purpose only; crosscutting kerfs on long pieces. So that leads me up to; I have the Freud 8" dado set, which is not cheap, but does a perfect job. The bottoms are perfect (a little ridge shows looking down into the bottom but not enough to show on the outside edge, where it exits, or enters the wood, even with a magnifying glass) I wanted to use the Freud set on the table saw. (I have a Powermatic 66 with a dado insert)  So where that leads me is that I wanted to have a dado set to leave on the Sears radial arm saw, which eliminates set up time, and I wanted to be able to use the Freud dado set on the Powermatic. When I saw the sale on the Avenger set, I jumped at it.  Why was Amazon giving away the 10031 set at such a cheap price. Mainly this; They cut perfectly flat bottoms, have C4, yes C4 carbide tips, leave absolutely no tear out on finish grade ply, BUT the stacked set of chippers does not add up to the sizes marked. Why? Not because the chipper teeth are not accurate, they are, it is because the chippers are thinner than the teeth. The blades are meant to lay flat against one another, so to get a proper dimension, you would have to deduct the overlap. That is where all sorts of odd sizes show up. With the included spacers, you could spend a lot of time and come up with a combination for the size you want. Since I am using them on the radial arm to kerf out marked widths, the actual width of the blade is not important. I did manage to find a perfect 1/4" setting using the two outside 1/8" blades plus one of the smaller size chippers. It was exactly 1/4" without any shim/spacers.  So what does all of this have to do with the 10026 42 tooth, or the 69930 6"  stack dado set? Based on the other reviews, they don't appear to have the width anomalies. My suggestion is to buy them, if they don't spec' to your satisfaction, take advantage of Amazons great return policy. (If something is wrong with them, they even eat the return postage. That makes it a no risk situation.)  By the way the set I received was razor sharp as well. I apologize for not giving you a first hand review of the 10026, or the 6" 69930 but I thought the information is relevant. Maybe you have a Sears, never keeps a setting radial arm saw. Lock it in at 90 and strap on an Avenger 10031 and have a nice kerfing station. Hope this helps.     