 I saw Norm Abrams use this jig on TV. The New Yankee workshop on their web site refer you to Eagle America, which at the time of this posting has it for half again as much money as here at Amazon. Shopping mania steps in, only momentarily, thanks to Amazon reviews, you realize this is not a high-end piece of gear. I guess cheaply made is the word I am looking for.   Ok so here is the problem, how do you do coping cuts in the end of a rail, and not have the piece walk away from the bit? (The bit tends to push the piece away from the fence line.) A sled seems like a great idea, that way the piece is not sliding across a surface, but rather riding on top of the sled.  The problem in using this for routing is that it raises the work piece 3/8", and that forces you to adjust the bit in your router 3/8 inch out of the collar, to make up for the thickness of the sled. With shapers and their increased capacity for higher cuts it isn't much of a problem, but for routing, that is a major limitation. Net result is less safety, and more vibration.  So that takes me to what I really want to tell you about, and that is the Delta 34-928 Deluxe Miter Gauge, and the 34-568 Miter Gauge Clamp. The clamping presses down on the rail that fits in your miter slot, and the work slides along the table surface. That gives you the deepest setting for your bit. Additionally, if you needed to make a pass using the same bit on a piece that you didn't want to put in the sled, you wouldn't have to change settings.   Delta offers this miter gauge and clamping kit with their cheesy miter gauge. What is interesting, and not explained, (I had to do some digging) is that the top of the line, deluxe gauge 34-928 works with the 34-568 clamp as well. That way you are getting the best miter gauge, with stops at all of the popular settings, and according to Delta guaranteed accuracy. The real bonus is that if you buy the two pieces separately, it is cheaper, even with the Deluxe, than it is to buy the cheesy one in the combo kit. (Prices always change, so check it out to see what is current.)   I have to be honest with you, I ordered the gauge, and clamp over 8 weeks ago, and still have not received them. I keep updating the order because I still want it. Even though it has been stating that it "usually" ships within 24 hours. What will happen is that 10,000 of them will arrive by ship, then their will be a glut. At least I will get a fresh one. :-)   I will update this review once I get my hands on it. From what I see from the clamp kit review, it does a good job. I'm not complaining about Amazon, I think their service is tops, just thought I would shed some light on the subject. Hope this helps.       