 I had a body shop for twenty years. When I closed the shop the HVLP designs were in their infancy. The problem was that you could not get a nice job on metallics with such a heavy volume at low pressures. My needs have changed, because the shop is closed, and now I do my own wood refinishing. Clear coat finishes do not require misting levels of application, but with the new technology that is in this spray gun, misting a fine spray is done perfectly, as well as being capable of spraying a full fan of a lot of material.   What I want to comment the most about is the quality of the craftsmanship of this Porter Cable unit, at such a reasonable price. I was super pleased to remove the spray head, and see that it was turned internally out of brass. Mating that to a stainless steel nozzle and needle, smacked of quality.  I have neighbors, and I can not create clouds of overspray if I want to shoot a project. So this gun is just what the doctor ordered. Finishing with a brush is very time consuming, and doesn't yield the kind of finish that is attainable with a spray gun. I would prefer to spray build several coats over time, let them set up, then fine sand, and spray on final coats, then do a brush and sand on every coat. Breakthrough sanding is a problem even when you are using clear only finishes, and is especially troublesome when using a stained surface. Spraying rules.  When the unit arrived, I was immediately impressed with the polished chrome outer surfaces. You know the kind of surface that you have come to expect on Snap On wrenches. They also protect the gun with a thin coat of mineral oil. It really smacks quality. Makes you want to do fine work.  They provide a chart that explains how much air that you need. Simply put, if you are using a very small portable tank, you better have a pump that puts out 9 or 10 SCFM at 90PSI. If you have a 60 gallon tank, their is greater flexibility.  The plastic tank that sits over the gun for gravity feed has a steel threaded fitting on the bottom of it, so you do not have to worry about plastic threads wearing out. The gravity feed enables the gun to work at lower pressures, since the material does not have to be drawn up out of a hanging cup. (Sorry for mentioning the obvious)  Technically this gun is manufactured in Taiwan, and consequently the labor savings translates to a super competitive price. It doesn't show in the gun. This tool is superbly well built. Their isn't anything cheap about it.  Don't forget to clean it well, and the instruction manual calls for a light coating of mineral oil around key components. I am sure it will give many years of reliable use. It is definitely a 5 star deal.     