 Front Page is Microsoft's solution to web page creation. It simplifies web pages by giving you three windows. One is the normal view, which gives you word processing type tools. If you are familiar with copy and paste, and changing font colors and sizes, inserting pictures via copy and paste or the insert file, picture, etc method, then that is a giant leap from learning HTML code. No code experience is necessary. That is all in Normal view. If you click the tab on the bottom that says HTML, you instantly see the entire page in HTML. So what you have is the intuitive interface of Microsoft Word etc, and the automatic capability of HTML. If you click on the third tab on the bottom, you see Preview. Preview activates your creation to see what it will look like when published. If you have any active items, like streaming banners, or little cartoon like characters making movements, they will come alive.    A word of caution is worth mentioning. Front Page commands are a bit different in many ways as well. For example when I first learned the program I was frustrated that I could not put type on the following line. It would skip a line, automatically going to double spacing. After doing a lot of digging in the book, I found out that you have to hold down "shift" then press the return-enter button to go down a single line. I don't want to oversimplify the program. Their is a slight learning curve. In a lot of ways it is like a word processor, and in a lot of other ways, it is learning a new language. It follows the usual MSFT learning curve of frustration followed by elation.    So pick up a book and spend some time with the program. After all conquer this one, and you open up the .com world. With many sites offering free web site hosting for the privilege of being able to show banner ads on your site, you can create multiple sites without any monthly charge. The only expense is the annual .com name registration, which is less than ten dollars at GoDaddy.com for example.    So what Front Page does is give you the capability of easily creating web pages (after the slight learning curve) Do you have a business, publish it. What about a social organization, or your network of friends. Interactive sites with discussion boards, that is easy with FP. The sky is the limit.    To take advantage of features like web page hit counters etc, the server you are publishing to must have Front Page extensions installed. Many web host providers have an extension option. After joining you go online and click on the "Install Front Page Extensions" If your web host doesn't have that option you can still use Front Page to your advantage. By creating your web page in normal mode, then clicking on the HTML view, you can take the HTML code, copy and paste it. This gives you creative power in submitting eBay's ads for example. When you use ebay's insertion tool, you simply paste your creation into the description area. When you preview your ad their it is in its full creative glory with colorful fonts, inserted pictures etc. No simple bland black and white text. That is just another example of the new world that opens up to you with Front Page.     I highly recommend the product. Nothing is perfect, but it makes it possible for the rest of us to create stylish professional web pages with minimal effort. Buy it you won't be sorry.     