 When I first opened this book, I honestly misjudged it. Lots and lots of pictures of furniture is not what I was looking for. Then I realized they are pictures of pieces he had built. This book is a must have. Read on to see why. On second impression I was also disappointed when I saw that it was only 128 pages. It is a large book in every other dimension. High quality color photographs run throughout. The topics covered in the sections, which only run about 4 pages at times, seemed like we were covering basics. Beginning chapters are: Design elements, Creating a drawing, creating a materials list, sizing from a photograph, and small shop considerations.  When I read the name of the book, I jumped at purchasing it. I wanted to learn how to design furniture, and build it on a step by step basis. You know the specifics of joinery and the like. I was thinking about it and the intracacies of doing so. This book does not cover that. If you need to decide whether to use dowels, biscuits, or mortise and tenon joinery to join the apron to the legs on your table, this book will not help with that. It will show you how to imagine the flow of the pieces when you make up your drawings. The aesthetics are really what the very best pieces are all about, and that is what this book gives you a feel for. How to create the most beautiful pieces. That is what I feel about the pieces the author has created. Many of them are far more attractive than the furniture that we see today. The blend of the proper woods, in proportion to size, and function.  He makes you spend a lot of time with pencil and paper, thinking out your piece. How will each and every aspect of it go together, and in what shape, angle and size. Isn't this what we all need. Instead of being fixed in the plans delivered from those who are building standard appearance works.  The later chapters cover: Putting it all together, Beds, dressers, sideboards, and hutches, bookcases, tables, chairs, wall and base cabinets, desks, and entertainment centers.  It is important to say that as an enthusiast, I have been recording the New Yankee Workshop for some time now, thinking I would be able to pull out a tape, and review it when I build a similar piece. What I have learned from all of that is that their is really a limited amount of joints and procedures that we need to learn, to tackle most any project. Notice I said, Most any, carving and highly ornate work, as well as some sophisticated veneers and or inlays are a few exceptions. Nevertheless, armed with this understanding, this book "Design your own furniture" fills a niche that I have not seen anywhere else. How to conceive your own project. Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder, and this book will take you by the hand, and lead you into the creation of pieces of furniture that will be uniquely yours, both in style and function. When you see the pieces that were made in the book, you will realize that the author has transended the standards.  I really hate to boast about a book, knowing that with such high expectations, anything that arrives, will seem like a disappointment. BUT when you take the third impression, and really start to read it as I have, you will realize, that this, more than others, is the key to your real attainment as a woodworking artist. Not an extremist, but rather a sense of freedom from the standard, while still maintaining the standard format and function of the designs that we have all come to know. I know this book will be helpful, and I hope this review is also.     