 I know not all saws, are all things, to all people. Take weight for example. This saw weighs in at a hefty 48.5 pounds. It's brother the Makita 12" Miter saw, without the slide rail, is only 37.5 That extra 11 pounds adds up, if you are carrying it up and down stairs. But if the price tag and weight are not a concern, this is the most accurate saw on the market.   It made Workbench Magazines Editors Choice Award. Here is a quote from them: "Out of the Box Perfection. Makita's LS1212 proved to be the superior saw in this test on almost every count. It's compact, powerful, dead-on-accurate, comes equipped with an outstanding 96-tooth carbide-tipped blade, and still has a moderate price tag... this saw made perfect bevels, miters, and compound cuts using only the factory detents for setup." I agree with the accuracy comments 100%. I was amazed when I took the Bosch Digital Protractor, (another highly recommended item) which measures in tenths of a degree, (equal to 3600 dots in a circle) and decided to check the saw for accuracy, just using the measuring marks. I purposely moved the pointer to touch the left side of the hairline showing 25 degrees. It measured 24.9. When I moved it the same way to the right, it measured 25.1. So the center hairline is accurate at exactly 25 degrees. Not even off by a tenth of a degree. Phew! (It is fully adjustable for future tweaking) No matter what you cut, a miter, a bevel, or a compound cut, this thing is DEAD ON ACCURATE. I have used lesser saws which are off by several degrees.   Think of the time this can save when cutting crown moldings. Consider getting the Bosch digital protractor. You set it to the spring angle, then use it to measure the corner angle of the wall, and it automatically calculates the Miter and Bevel angles to a tenth of a degree. Just lay your crown molding FLAT on the Makita LS 1212, dial in your miter and bevel settings, and cut perfect crowns. No more overcutting, and running up and down the ladder, to keep tweaking the cut in.   Their is criticism that this saw should come with detent-stops for the popular crown molding settings, like the Hitachi has. Since most walls are not a true 90 degrees, a default setting on crown moldings is all to frequently not accurate. Since the Makita makes adjusting so easy that it is almost fun, moving it to that perfect setting, is almost as easy as a detent. I guess you can tell I love this saw. No more cutting sample cuts ahead of time to set the saw. You just dial it in, and cut away. What a joy, and a time saver!   With the included, 96 tooth carbide blade, you will get quick, glass smooth cuts, without having to buy a blade upgrade.   The big factor is that this saw bevels both ways. Dual bevel settings avoid the problem of having to swing 12 foot moldings around to bevel the other end. (I recognize that their are other solutions to that problem.) Once your spoiled with a dual bevel saw, their is no going back.   Their is a rock solid feel in the Makita sliders. Dual slide rails, that are horizontal with the base, give it a wide footing. If you go into the local home center, and compare that system, to the other popular selling sliding saw, with vertical rails and blade, you will instantly realize the stability of the Makita is a lot better.   If your building furniture, custom cabinetry, and the like, this Makita saw gets my two thumbs up. If I was rough framing, I would be looking for a lighter workhorse, and keeping the Makita at home. It's got the power, the quietness, and most importantly the accuracy you want. The 12" blade gives you the greatest cutting depth when cutting at the most severe angles, and for the thickest stock.   If price is the major concern, it's smaller brother the 10" slider is a top choice. Even more frugal is the Bosch 10" slider. If you are looking to spend even less, look to the Makita 12" non sliding compound miter saw. It does not bevel both ways, but I found it to be the lightest saw on the market. It's my choice for the job site.   If accuracy is your game, then buy the LS1212, you won't find a better saw on the market.     