 In this liberating enriching book, Dr. Wayne W. Dyer teaches us how to tap into the power of our higher selves and live each day, regardless of what we do, with a greater sense of peace and fullfillment.  Your Sacred Self reveals a three step program to help us understand our place in the world and develop a sense of satisfaction with ourselves and others. Step by step, we can change the way we experience life-moving from our insatiable need for more, to an awareness of abundance; from a sense of ourselves as sinful and inferior, to an acceptance of ourselves as divine; from our hunger to acheive, to the detachment that brings true freedom.  Inspiring, uplifting, and illuminating, Your Sacred Self can bring the profound words of this unique teacher and guide into our lives and our hearts.  I have to add that this book has opened my eyes in many ways. At first I freed myself from outside influences by reading Dr Dyers book, Pulling Your Own Strings. Now I am not a sailboat, drifting on the sea with a fixed sail, frolicking about, at the mercy of every wave and breeze. Combining that with this book, to give me peace, I learned how to be effective at grabbing the control panel, that pull the strings of my life, which at times takes a bit of force. Then with the help of this book I learned how to achieve true autonomy. As Dr Dyer says, "I am complete unto myself" I seek what is already inside of me. It is inside of all of us. Instead of looking to others, I know it is in me, and in you, and we are all one together. The ego gets in the way of that. He instructs us that the ego is at war with your spiritual self. Always thinking, always striving, but never arriving. "Be still and know that I am God"  Dr, Dyer taught me how to meditate. I always thought it was about sitting in a lotus position, humming mantras, like, umm umm. I tried that, it didn't work. Dr Dyer explains, that it is simply the clearing the mind of thoughts. Every thought has an emotion tied to it. Now when stresses are heaped upon me, instead of resorting to a destructive addictive, practice or substance, I now meditate and melt the stress away. It is simple. I lay down, with my arms relaxed, and my palms down on my chest. It can also be done sitting anywhere where it is quiet and undisturbed. I close my eyes, and let all thoughts disappear. I get to the edge of falling asleep, but stay awake. All of a sudden a calm comes over me. A feeling of peace, I know that I am at my core. I arise feeling refreshed, and undisturbed. Solutions are at my disposal. Things that I thought were important, disappear, and my mind knows what really matters, and I attend to it. I guess that is why I read an article that stated that a major corporation in America had a meditation room. The corporate executives get so stressed that they can't think, they push themselves away from the desk, spend ten minutes in the meditation room, and come back refreshed. Solutions appear effortlessly. The alpha state or relaxed state in brain wave terminology, is the state with the greatest problem solving ability.  Dr Dyer also frees us in this book from the insatiable need for more. Instead of constantly striving to have more and more, we become aware that we already have abundance. The irony of our thinking is that we are striving to have more, to prove to ourselves and others, that we have abundance, and in so doing we are spending the money and security we need in order to have abundance. We destroy that which we are trying to achieve.  When we find our core, our center, and our purpose in life, we then find that abundance comes, pressed down and full measure. "Seek ye first the kingdom of heaven, then all things will be added unto thee"  Enlighten yourself as have so many others, read this book. As a matter of fact, I would advise you to get all of Dr Dyers books. He has quite a few that have been released for quite some time. They are at a price point, that buying a half a dozen paperbacks, cost the same as buying someone elses, hard cover version. Life and truth are not exclusive to book cover styles. It will be the best investment you can make.  I've written too much already. Become who your really are. Let the noise and clamor cease. Your strength is found in nature and everything around us. Just have to stop and see it. This book teaches us how. People travel around the world, to learn that what they seek is already in their back yard.     