 Looks like Jet took dust collection to the next level, but I would like to clear a couple of things up. I have the JDS Dust Force, which moves 1250 CFM of air. It is built like a tank and is less expensive. Even with the optional 1 micron bag, in addition to the 5 micron bag that comes with it, is less money than the Jet unit. The JDS is built so well, I wonder how they can produce a unit that is so well built, for such a reasonable amount of money.    The confusion arises around the bag change when cleaning the unit. The review mentions not having to take the top bag out and beat on it. Not so: All you simply have to do is pat it down, while it is still mounted, and all of the fine stuff that is stuck to it, drops directly down into the lower clear plastic bag. After that settles, you remove the bag, and dump it into a trash can with a 32 gallon trash bag liner. Yes it does create some dust going in, but I don't mind that because my Dust collector is located directly underneath a JDS ceiling mounted Air Filtration system. That also moves 750 CFM so any dust immediately is sucked up into the air filter. I also have a 3M charcoal and chemical cartridge mask hanging in front of me, so at times like this when dust is running amuck, I simply pull the top strap over my head for complete dust protection. Which brings me to the next subject.    In the book, "Controlling Dust in the Shop" (highly recommended) the author states that the small particles of one micron or less are what you need to be concerned about. They are the ones that get lodged into your lungs. He mentions that even air filtration systems are a source of large amounts of small particles getting blown into the shop air.    The ultimate is a cyclone air filtration system, with an exhaust to the outside, but who can afford three to ten times the price of this Jet unit. So the next best thing is to get a unit like this Jet, or the JDS, , the super inexpensive Woodstock collection separator, available here at Amazon, that sits on top of a 32 gallon trash can. That picks up all of the big stuff, leaving only the fine powder to go onto the Jet collector. That has an added advantage in preventing chunks of wood, or even worse yet, a screw-piece of metal from dancing off of the internal fan blade. Sparks in dust are not an ideal situation. Additionally it makes the whole clean out problem almost non existent. The big chunks are easy to slide out of the metal 32 gallon trash can, and that is not the material that has the fine dust in it.    Another point is that the large amount of surface area that these large dust collectors have, saves you a lot of aggravation when planing wood. I used to use a Sears 6HP shop vac in combination with the Woodstock unit. The problem is that the fine powder that was making its way into the sears shop vac, would quickly bury the small filter in powder. (Even though it was Sears largest 6HP unit.) That would stop a sufficient amount of air flow which would jam up my planer. A major problem until I got the dust collector. The Jet and JDS dust collectors have some 40 plus square feet of surface area to absorb fine powder, instead of inches like the shop vac. So these systems are highly recommended.     The one thing that I found, was that these portable systems are not designed to give you the same amount of pressure you would need for a whole shop system. You know the kind of results you would need to have a complete metal piped ductwork system, with each tool hooked up to a station. These units are portable, and designed to be used on one or two machines.     In addition to the JDS Dust Collector, which is ideal for planing and other heavy dust creating procedures, I recently acquired a 5HP shop vac that draws a powerful amount of air, and has an optional HEPA filter which traps 99.97% of particles down to .3 microns, (yes point three, instead of a whole 1 or 5) This is ideal for those tools that don't create a ton of dust, like router stations. Combining that with an emergency cut off switch, with two outlets, gives me the convenience of walking up to the router, hitting one button, getting both the shop vac, and the router go on at the same time, and one quick touch on the off flap, and it is back off again. I tuck the vac under the router table, so it doesn't get in the way, and no vac hose to trip over running across the floor. At a recent local sale, I picked up a couple of them. Between the super quiet vac model, and the quiet router, sometimes I go over and turn it on just to smile. It is that ideal for the purpose.    So get the Jet dust collector, (or the JDS Dust Force, check it out) and get the Woodstock International Collection separator, a ceiling mounted air filtration system, and most importantly a 3M paint spray respirator, because none of these systems really get the job done. The job is avoiding getting the super fine particles into your lungs.    What I really wanted to share with you is the awareness of what a problem super fine particles are. I know these dust collectors and filtration systems, have a tendency of creating a false sense of security. They are great, and serve a much needed task.    Notice when you first walk into the shop in the morning, turn on the dust collector, or air filtration unit, then smell the air. You can smell the wood powder as it pours out into the air. That smell is the small micron or less particles being sent out into the air. Get a mask, and during the warm times, install a fan in a window, with a fresh air source coming from an across the room opening. Take care of your lungs, hope this helps.     