 Think of the engineering behind the task. You are taking a square chisel, and not slamming it into some wood with a mallet, but rather taking a long slow plunge. Plunging hardwoods like oak, cherry, maple etc. makes you think it is actually a near impossible task. It is helped because the bit in the center is drilling the core, making it easier for the chisel to scrape the walls down. This process is really a challenge for a drill press with a mortising attachment. Some say it could eventually waste a drill presses bearings. Ok so I stepped up to the plate and bought the Delta 16-541. It appeared to be the best out of the smaller dedicated mortisers, and it does do a nice job. That is as long as you are not doing mortises on anything larger than 4 inches. If your making doors, you need to convert the machine with a base spacer, which takes time, adjustment, and disables the adjuster on the fence. If you are an occasional Mortiser, that will suffice. The range of motion on the Delta is only a little over 3 inches. The 1/2hp motor is adequate, but the bit/motor jammed on me twice in a single project. I had to take the bit apart, clean, realign, and reinstall. I also had to be careful to manually keep the wood tight up against the fence. (No clamp)      All of this takes me to the fullest appreciation of the Powermatic and why I ordered the 719A. The fence has a large quick holding clamp, that assures you that your work is going to stay in a perfect line against the fence. The entire table moves left to right with a 16 inch range, and 4 1/2 inch range front to back by using the large wheels on the front. You simply crank with one hand, and plunge with the other. That is efficiency. If you are using a 1/2" bit, and want to make a 1" mortise, you can use the other wheel, move it back a half inch and finish the run. The Powermatic sports a 1 HP motor, twice that of the Delta, therefore it accepts bits up to 1 inch. So you can even make 1" mortises in a single pass. If you look at the very long plunge handle, you can see that it would be easy to create a lot of leverage.     I was concerned about the board capacity in size, so I called Powermatic. The rep measured the distance between the chuck, and the TOP of the fence, and it measured 9 inches. Add to that the 4 inch height of the fence, and you can see that this is a machine with a large capacity. It also has a plunge range of motion of 8 or 9 inches according to the rep. You can see that the Powermatic will handle most any size board. Using the large control wheel, moving the fence front to back, with a range of 4 1/2 inches, means you could put a mortise in the center of an 8" thick beam. Simply put, you don't need to disassemble anything for a full range of sizes. If you are doing repetitive runs, there is a built in adjustable stop on the right side. With a 282 pound shipping weight, you can put in a good size board, clamp it in, and not worry about it tilting onto the floor.    A last few considerations; It is shipped in two boxes, and one of them is 240 pounds. So my advice is to pay the twenty five dollars extra (current rate) for lift gate service. That way you don't have someone waiting in the truck while you offload the crate from a high bed truck. If you are unloading alone, your back is worth more than that.    The only downside is that the purchase does not include any chisel and bit sets. They are extra. Although I can see why Powermatic would do it that way, considering that Deltas bits, and several others fit the machine as well. That way you can get it for a more competitive price, and add the chisels only as you need them. I asked if the Delta chisels were as good as the Powermatics, and the rep professionally did not make an assertion, but I got from the tone of his voice that they were not. In all fairness Delta has two levels of chisels, at two different price points. Their professional bits are highly rated.    This Powermatic is a great commercial/industrial grade piece of equipment, that should give you a lifetime of service. The efficiency created with the unit will more than pay for itself. A foot activated automatic Mortiser is even more efficient, but you can only justify that level of price tag if you are mortising all day for a living. This Powermatic 719A fills the bill perfectly for a wood working professional, and the serious enthusiast. Highly recommended.     