 Let me start by saying that I do love the table and would never part with it. The possibilities appear endless. The linear measurements are great, and the table is built to super accurate specifications BUT: I was disappointed in the few less than stellar accurracies. The table is designed to be flat, but it comes in three sections- a center, and two wings one to the left and one to the right. When installed the wings slope up to the outside. It would be easily corrected if they would add holes and attaching screws on the outer wings, so the rear stabilizing board would attach it along it's full length. Rather than drilling, I added shims under the center section edges, thereby leveling the table top. At some point in the future I might finish the manufacturing, and locate the proper screws, and drill the holes. When you get yours, you will know what I mean. It is a simple logical need that was not filled. ??? Additionally the legs are predrilled and countersunk for attaching screws. One of the holes in the legs did not line up, so I had to enlarge the opening. Now the table is perfect. I was expecting this dream machine, being all accurate, and heavenly in its precision, so finding a couple of basic flaws in its manufacturing, was a bit disappointing. Tweaking is not what I expected. I don't mind logical adjustments, so that is not what I am talking about. All other aspects of the table are very precise. Using it is a dream. Great adjustability, with setting knobs easily available, true, and smooth in tightening.  At 70 pounds it is solid enough to be stable, not on the large side.  Their is two different forces at work on this machine. On the one hand you have precision table top fixtures, fences, and adjustability. The unit is well packaged BUT: The directions are not as well planned as the table top. Some illustrated diagrams, beyond a single composite sketch at the beginning,would be helpful. Calling a part the same name as used in the sketch would be beneficial as well. Sometimes you have to decipher the alternate name. They give you word only directions in the assembly section, then you read the part name, go to the diagram to see what it is, and you can't find a part of the same name, just one close to it. It's an engineering thing, know what I mean? Ironic when you are buying a table to create the ultimate in engineering.  They provide a video with the unit, which shows you how to make dovetails, and box joints, and their respective jigs. Nice touch, but the video looks like something that we could make in our basements. Additionally, the owners-instruction manual is an inexpensive loose leaf binder with photo copied instructions. The clear plexiglas safety shield had a protective paper on it, with GE or an outside manufacturer on it, with plants in the US and Japan, maybe that is just the plexiglas, or more like the manufacturer of the aluminum precision components. Anyhow I get the feeling that their is a top drawer sophisticated engineering and production facility involved with the top, and gold plated aluminum guides, fence etc, as well as the steel router mounting plate, and their is a newer startup organization involved in the marketing, instructions, and possibly the legs. Don't misunderstand me, the ash legs are nice. Strong and well made. You can save your money on a biscuit cutter, a dedicated dovetail jig, and several other items, by owing the Rout-R-Slide. Cutting biscuits on this is possible because you move the router into the work. You wouldn't be able to cut biscuits with a standard table, because as you try to move the wood into the bit, it would tend to jump. With this you secure the wood and move the router into the workpiece at a preset depth, although a dedicated biscuit cutter would save adjusting time, because they give you preset biscuit size depths on the dial. This thing does dovetail joints, that are like the hand cuts, completely through the work. Not like most jigs which give you a rounded machine looking dovetail. BR>(...) I am not trying to dissuade you away from buying the Rout-R-Slide. Oh contrare, you don't want to live without one. This new technology is so radical that it makes routing so improved I would have to compare it to tightening nuts with a wrench or socket, instead of a pair of pliers. The price is a little heavy, but if you haven't already sprung for a dovetail machine, the Rout-R-Slide is a no brainer, not counting the endless other possiblities that are created. One last note: Don't try using a plunge router under this table, or any table for that matter. Plunging a heavy duty spring, upside down is difficult to say the least, unless you are using the new Bosch 1619EVS which has the exclusive defeating system for the plunge spring and lock. I just bought that router, and it seems like this table was made just for that router. The attaching plate on the table is universal, so all routers will work on it, but I just installed the Bosch 1619EVS and the plate that comes with the table, mated to it with an area of raised metal that the Bosch perfectly fits into. That is something because the Bosch has the largest base. 3 1/2" bits not only work, but are able to plunge back into the base without touching. You don't have to fully extend the router to allow for them. True 3 1/2" bit capabilities.  Of course fixed base adjustable routers work fine in this table also.   The base plate that comes with this table, requires drilling to mate it to your router. A universal base, with the more popular manufacturers holes predrilled would be nice. All in all I give it 5 stars for usability, and tool usage accuracy, but 3 stars for the mixed experience, averaging it out to a 4. Buy it, you won't be sorry.     