 Here is a review I wrote about the Makita 6228DWE. It applies to the 6227 which is the 12 volt, and this Makita 6226 at 9.6 volts. Here is the review: I just got this exact drill, and I use it all of the time. It's lightweight at only 3 1/2 pounds. That is its shining feature. I also own the Milwaukee 14.4 which is a very substantial drill. It has the highest torque in the industry at 460 foot pounds. This Makita is only 200. The Milwaukee has all copper windings, metal gear and housing, and is built to fall off the ladder. The problem is that it weighs 11 1/2 pounds.    I originally got this Makita 6228DWE as a promo on an expensive compound sliding miter saw. I thought I would sell it on eBay. After getting it I decided to keep it. Ergonomically, it fits your hands well, is well balanced, has a lot of torque when you charge it up and is well built overall. The reason why I like it so much is that I just did a wiring job, running a dozen lines, and upgrading a service panel from 100 to 200 amps. That Makita drill was with me all the way, whether I was tightening screws in the outlets, or square driving the lines on the breakers, or tightening the clamp connectors. It was a 12 hour job, and I am glad that I didn't have to lug the Milwaukee around. I love the Milwaukee for doing heavy deck jobs for example, but the one I now use the most is this Makita. It's like a pet.    I think the gear housing is a strong grade of plastic, and the windings may or may not be a copper mix or all aluminum, buy hey, that all adds up to less weight, which equals less work.    If you're looking for a tougher and heavier drill in the Makita line, then look to the MForce line. The torque is around 350 and of course it is heavier, depending on the model. They also have the faster charging Nickel Metal Hydride batteries, which last longer as well. The only problem with NiMH is that their shelf life isn't very long, and with the price of new batteries, that is a major consideration.    What Milwaukee did was take the NiCad batteries to the next level. They charge in one hour, unlike the usual 1 1/2 hours, but not as fast as 45 minutes like the NiMH, but enjoy the long shelf life as a NiCad.    This Makita drill is a 3/8" drill also, instead of a 1/2" like the Milwaukee. Like I said, a really nice lightweight drill, that you will find using it more often than the heavyweight. Once the love affair is done with the Makita, I will probably go back to using the Milwaukee a little more often. For now the Makita rules. Hope this helps.     