 I am running a home network, with 6 PC's old and new, and every one of them prints without a problem using this Linksys PrintServer USB with 4 port switch. I'm using W2000 Pro and Win XP Pro with a Brother HL-5040 laser.  It is nice not having to leave a computer running in order to print. I'm setting up a couple of servers in the network, Win 2003 Server and SQL Server 05, and instead of using the controller as a print server, I am going to continue to use this Linksys unit as an independent mini server to handle the print chores. That way I won't have to worry about not being able to print whenever the server goes down. And they do, it's not called Networking, it's called Not Working. :-) But this little Linksys 4 port switch with USB port for printing just runs without a glitch.     Like another reviewer stated, you want to install the drivers for your printer in all of the computers that you intend to print from first. In this case I took the Brother disc and loaded it on all of the machines, and when it asked me whether the install was for a printer hooked up to the machine, or on the network, I chose on the network. Then when you place the CD that comes with the Linksys unit, it automatically guides you through set up. It senses the unit, and lists it, then all you have to do is click on it, and wahlah you are up and running. The included instruction sheet is a several page fold out, with pictures of the screen shots of each set up window, so it is a no brainer.    It is a great feeling when you are somewhere else in the network, and you need to print something, you just click on print then choose the printer, in this case Brother on the network, and it prints away.     I used to use a Lexmark inkjet, and the cartridges cost me a fortune, now with the Brother Laser 5040, I get a couple thousand pages out of a single cartridge, and since it is powder instead of ink, it is always dry, so it can't dry out. I have a friend with an NEC laser he bought in 1985, prints very little, and it finally ran out of toner in the last two years. (I know you find that hard to believe) I know I am getting off subject here but I find the rush relevant. :-)    The Linksys switch also solves the cabling problems. Instead of having to run another cable, you simply plug the one cable that you have for the PC into the switch as an input, and then you plug your PC into another one of the Ethernet ports, and your printer into the single USB printer port. Set it up with the instructions as mentioned and your good to go.     I think it is a great buy, whereas you would be spending the same money for just the switch, this one comes with a printer server built in also. Now if I can just get one in the Gigabit version, because I am looking to convert the home network over to 1/100/1000. Highly recommended unit, buy it.     