 Laser printing is a lot faster than most of the inkjets that we use. When I first installed it and printed the test page, out came a piece of paper so fast, I thought it was a printing mistake. You know the speed of an inkjet, when it is rejecting the print, or only printing the top line, then the paper exits out real fast. Well this printer prints a whole page that fast. The sheet under it is just settling down, when the one over it arrives. For high volume printing needs that is the only way to fly.    This model HL-1440 was Consumer Reports number one rated laser printer. It had the best print speed, and the lowest per page cost of all the units tested.   Since this allows you to hook it up with a USB cable (or with a standard paralell cable), it enables you to keep your existing printer hooked up. Then when you go to print, you can choose either printer.   The one thing I noticed is that the fullness of the text is not as great as the HP 950 series inkjet. It does have 1200 dpi as an option. It normally runs at 600 as the default.   Something worth mentioning. Some comment that they have had problems with the pages getting junk on the page after using it for awhile. The cartridge that comes with the machine, which is rather substantial, loudly states on the cover in bold print, that when moving the machine, the cartridge must be removed, and stored in the bag, or serious damage may result. Those who are having problems, may have moved the machine around, and didn't treat it too gently. Maybe they did, maybe they didn't. I would set it up where you plan on using it, and not moving it. If I did move it, I would do so carefully.    One thing that sets this one apart, is the loading tray for the paper. It is removable, and sits in the bottom of the unit. That is reminiscent of quality copying machines.    The big advantage of laser is that the print material is dry powder, so unlike inkjets, can never dry out. I have a friend who bought an NEC laser in 1985, and is still using the original cartridge. (He is frugal, and doesn't print a lot, but it is a good example of how long a cartridge will last)  At first I considered getting the HL 1470N so I could hook it up to the wireless network. It has the print server and ethernet built in. Then I realized, since it was twice the price, it would be a better idea to get two 1440s. If I ever have any problems, I have a backup on the other machine.   One last thing, is that I like the way the Brother looks. It gives a more substantial and quality feel, than the competition in the entry level machines.   With more money you get different models with higher dpi, Post Script Level 2 or 3, more memory etc.   So far, so good, easy install, in only a few minutes. It installed in an XP machine, and a Windows ME machine without a glitch.   For this kind of money, to get laser speed, and quality, and economy, makes this unit a must have.     