 Purchasing this 1/4" collet will increase the usability of your Fein RT-1800 router. Seems like they should include it with the purchase of the router. Buying the 1/4" collet, is almost a neccessity because of the popularity of the 1/4" bits. In addition to that, you may consider the 8mm collet as well, which is not so common.   An interesting note is that the international standard for the 1/4" equivalent is 8mm, which is a 56% larger shaft, but still is small enough to fit into the smaller template sizes. So you get a lot more strength, which means less vibration. Is it possible that the disdain for the 1/4" standard, drove this W. German manufacturer into offering the 1/4" collet as an option? The 8mm collet is available from Fein Power Tools in Pittsburgh PA> Part number 0000433085, or you can check with Amazon.com in the Tool Crib at 1-800-635-5140.   I first learned of the 8mm standard when I bought the Leigh Dovetail Jig. Leigh manufacturing offers a 15 piece bit set with 1/2" and 8mm bits, in addition to the other set with 1/2" and 1/4" bits. They find superior results with the 8mm's, so they make special mention of offering them. I bought the 8s, and they are substantially larger. I plan on acquiring more 8mm bit sets in the future, in addition to the 1/4"s that I now have.   This 1/4" collet is substantially made, just like the rest of the Fein line. The RT-1800 is unique in that it has linear bearings instead of ball bearings. Consquently, Fine Woodworking magazine, in a follow up article to their router run off, stated that the new Fein Rt-1800, had such a little bit of run out, that it was off the chart next to every other router they tested. The long shaft-surface area of a linear bearing, holds the shaft in line a lot greater than the microscopic surface of the edge of a ball bearing. Some resort to dual ball bearings to improve on that. Back to the collet.   It doesn't come with the locking nut. Switching the nut into the collet is easy. It snaps in and out of the nut rather easily. The Fein collets really hold onto the bits very well. It is like the rest of the Fein line, it costs more, but you get more. The engineering is second to none.     