 I wanted to add to my other review. I must admit, the installation tip that I am about to discuss, I discovered by from installing the Bench Dog RT-250 router extension table. It is the way Bench Dog does their installation. The great idea is to use melamine screws, which have flat ends, and coarse threads to make an adjustable platform for the Rousseau plate to sit on. Ok, let me ramble.      The problem is trying to rout out the opening, at precisely the proper depth, so the plate is perfectly flush with the top. A little too deep and you have a valley. A little proud, and you have a ridge to run into, and run the risk of your workpiece coming to a halt. So what to do? Rout out a 1/16" or 1/8" deeper than is necessary. Then drill holes a little smaller than the melamine screw size all around the outside lip. Since melamine screws are not tapered, the threads are the same size for the full length of the shaft. You can look up melamine screws here at Amazon with a search. They refer you to McFeeleys, which is a great business, with instant service, and a full array of screws and fasteners. Much more variety than the usual home centers. They have a box of 50 available. Ok so what is the big deal about using the melamine screws? This is it, by using the screws with the flat tips, screwed in from underneath, all around the circumference, you wind up with a fine adjust system for getting the Rousseau plate, perfectly level with the table top. Combining that with the four countersunk holes in each of the corners for securing the top, you get an incredibly adjustable platform for the Rousseau top. I used 14 melamine screws, equally balanced around the circumference. It enabled me to fine adjust the plate so well, that I was able to completely eliminate the ever so slight crown in the plate. Although I did attach it to a wide base plunge router, which I am sure contributed to the leveling.    Since the adjusting screws are now the contact point for the base, you are now given a lot more freedom in routing the opening. For one, you don't have to rout up to the edge all the way around. You can rout to just one depth, and for example create 45 degree angle corner shelves under the plate, thereby creating greater overall stability of the greater table.    This melamine screw installation is not exclusive to new installations, it can be easily done with an already installed plate. That way if you are dealing with a small dip on any edge, it can be easily corrected.    I thank Bench Dog for turning me on to this installation method, and to Rousseau for making such a great router plate. Once you install any manufacturers router plate using melamine screws for adjustability, you will never want to do it any other way. Hope this helps.     