 At first I bought this as a novelty. Not realizing that it was to change the way I organize my workspace. Normally I rely on peg boards in my shop to house the usual screw drivers, hammer, and frequently used tools. The problem with that is that they don't usually get put away, unless I do a complete shop clean up. Which is why I have to go looking for them. My number one pet peeve is looking for stuff. Not only is is wasted time, but it interrupts my work flow. Now I use the Bucket Boss 56 Organizer to house all of my most frequently used tools, and I bring my tools to the work.  I also went to Sears and bought an INEXPENSIVE red metal Utility Cart that has four substantial wheels in a shopping cart configuration (two fixed, two universal) and they all lock, with a tray shelf at the bottom, and one at the top.  I put the Bucket Boss in the bottom tray, which only takes up part of the lower tray space. In it, is everything imaginable, and after using it for awhile, I know right where it is. The best way to get the work flow going, is to be able to grab what you need, when you need it, and it is there every time, and have a place to rest it, or immediately put it away. With this combination, I roll the tools over to the work area, and I have an upper shelf to set things on during the project. It wouldn't be possible without the bucket boss.   With mechanics tools, we use a multi-drawer tool box. Since everything is hidden, it takes some time to learn exactly where everything is. With the Bucket Boss, you have a reminder, everytime you glance at it.   My only complaint is that their are so many pockets I can't justify buying another one. :-) That's how much I like this thing.   Knowing that I can simply lift the bucket boss out of the bottom tray using the handle that comes with the bucket, and take it with me no matter where I go, gives me the mobility, and organizational system I use in the shop and on the go! One system, one set of tools, for all locations. The cart is so light, I wouldn't hesitate to take it along as well.   By the way the Bucket Boss does not come with the bucket, but considering the cost of a 5 gallon white plastic bucket at [the store], that is not a major item. I know it would probably cost more to ship the bucket than it would to buy one locally. So it makes sense.   For on the job, it makes a very good impression. It looks organized. Combine this with one of their parts organizers, and you will not only, not have to go looking for your tools, that washer, locknut, screw, bolt, or anything else you want, will be at your fingertips as well. No having to run back out to the truck everytime I need a bolt, or nut, or screw, etc.   I can tell you it is made out of great material that will last for a long long time, or that the pockets are multi-sized and shaped to fit near anything you may use, but what I really want to tell you is that this thing is engineered. Engineered to simplicity. That makes it one of the most frequently used pieces of equipment. It is great because it works. Not just because it is very inexpensive, for all of the utility, you will get out of it, but because it works, and works well. Get into the Boss and watch your productivity zoom!     