 This sander kicks. I got the first one, and for some reason, the motor was off center, so it was much closer to the edge of one of the rings. It must have been an assembly problem. It's brand new, so rather than fuss with it, I called Amazon, and they promptly sent a replacement. That is why I deal with Amazon. On to the new sander.    This is a heavy, approx 80 pound, cast iron top, benchtop sander. The cast iron top is rock solid, smooth, straight, and even all the way across it's ground polished surface. I'm a critical nut, use a dial caliper to measure things, use the Incra table saw fence, which is accurate to within .002" inch. So when I talk about this Jet sander, keep that in mind.      Right out of the box, I used the Bosch digital protractor (another highly recommended item) which measures angles in tenths of a degree. (Equal to 3600 dots in a circle), and the spindle was accurate to within 7/10ths of one degree at the most extreme angle, and within 1 or 2/10ths of a degree at the others. So you could say right out of the box it was not off by even one degree. The best you can expect to get for measuring an upright metal shaft, with an expandable thick rubber tube, designed to squash out to hold a circular sleeve of sandpaper. For all intents and purposes, that it dead on. :-)    This does not pertain to the built in rule, you use to set the top to 90 degree, 45 degrees, or whatever tilting angle you may choose. After you perfectly set the top with any 90 degree square, it is advisable to loosen the setting screw, and fine adjust the pointer. See mention of this farther into the review.      It would be a lot easier to simply say, this Jet Benchtop Oscillating Spindle Sander is perfectly dead on, but then again, perfect is a relative term. I hope your having as much fun reading this review, as I am writing it. :=)    So what about the rest of the machine. I wouldn't bother buying anything more powerful. The 1/2HP induction motor found in the base, is a direct drive, with more than enough power to sand rock wood. I mated it on top of a Sears, very inexpensive, two shelf, red, metal, roll around cart. Lots of room for the sander, at a nice height. Also plenty of room, or extras, like the 3" optional drum and insert ring, the wrenches, and whatever amount of sanding tubes, you may need storage for. The lower shelf has even more storage. At the risk of sounding vain, the creme white Jet, with black and red accents, looks great on the matching red color stand. With the roll around wheels, it makes a lot of use for a little bit of dollars. It is Sears least expensive.    Back to the sander. You will want to take out a square, and set the table top to exactly 90 degrees to the spindle, then loosen the holding screw to the pointer, and precisely point it to the 90 degree mark on the built in rule. In doing so, and moving it to the 45 degree mark on the rule, by tilting the table, it was a dead on 45 when measuring. So the rule is accurate, once set.    The nitty gritty is that this sander is quiet, smooth, plenty of power for sanding edges, even on stacked hardwoods. It has multiple spindle sizes included. The little ones are not meant to lean on, (they go that fine) so if you are trying to remove stock quickly, choose the larger shaft sizes. I do recommend getting the optional 3" spindle, and insert ring, to maximize the smoothness and evenness of sanding larger surfaces. I look at this as a lifetime tool. No need to buy a much more expensive floor standing model.    One note on cleaning the top. The manufacturer advises you to clean the cosmolene off of the top with kerosene, and a paper towel. Cast iron rusts just by looking at it, so they protect it for shipping. Anything like a solvent with totally eliminate any surface protection at all. In that condition, even the humidity in the air with start microscopic rusting. Not only does Jet advise you to clean it off with kerosene (which is an oil based product), they then advise you to wax the top.    If I had to be critical of the unit, I would say the one disadvantage of a benchtop unit, is that you have to limit the table top size, to prevent tipping over when using larger stock. The Jet JBOS-5 has sufficient top surface to meet my needs, but ever since I installed a large side, and outfeed table on the table saw, I am sensitive to the advantages of larger outfeed tables. One could be built and added onto the benchtop model, and give you more surface than the floor models.    All in all, with this kind of solid construction and performance, and price, this is the sweetheart deal. Highly recommended.     