 Much is to do about the problem with 5.8 cordless phones being unable to be used with the old headsets, not enough volume. Another comment was made that this Panasonic TCA60 says on the placket that it is not meant for 5.8s. Well that isn't exactly true, it says that it is meant for 900Mghz, and 2.4s but does not say it is not meant for 5.8s. The owners manual for the Panasonic 6502B dual line cordless 5.8, lists the TCA60 as being one of the phone they recommend.  All that aside, this headset works great with the 5.8 Panasonic. It is just the right volume for the ear, and the boom mike comes around to the front of the mouth, has a foam cover, and sounds great. Plenty of volume and no distortion.  I tried my old headsets which worked great on my 900Mghz Panasonic, and my 2.4, but was so quiet when using it with the new 5.8, that answering machines would hang up on me when I was on the line, and even my own machines would hang up, and leave a goose egg for incoming calls with it. Not with the TCA60. Plenty loud and clear as a bell.  Before I got the new headset, I had read a review that it wasn't meant for the 5.8s, so I stayed away from it. I bought the Plantronics instead. It was about 25 dollars. It was so quiet that I had to send it back. It was like my old headsets. Answering machines would hang up on me. No knocking Plantronics though. Their professional wired model, including amplifier, and headset will set you back over 200, but it is the crem-de-la-crem. It is a complete system though, and wired only, as in sit at a desk and use it. Strictly a business machine. It is fully adjustable in and out for just the right setting. (Helps to tweak the mic setting so that you don't hear others talking in the background in an office environment.)   Anyhow, I stopped in Staples and an expert on the floor told me with the Panasonic or general 5.8s, the AT&T executive model for the home professional was the one to get. It was $19.95, about twice the price of the Panasonic, had the same great volume and clarity, is a little more sturdily built, and has an earpiece volume that goes beyond the Panasonic, all the way to too loud, but it also includes a volume control that the Panasonic does not have.  I now own two AT&T's, and one Panasonic, and I love them all. With a 4 station 5.8 set up, I always have the option of one close at hand. Two or three Panasonics at that price is a good way to go. If you have a possible very loud situation-environment, then the AT&T is the choice to go beyond comfortable listening levels, but above the background noise.  It's a dream being able to answer a phone, pop in the headset, and move about totally hands free. Multi-taskers rule.  Overall Panasonic KX-TCA60s are great headsets, nothing negative at all to say about them. The only thing wrong is that they can't be in more than one place at a time. Get several at this price, the convenience is worth it. If you buy three, they ship for free. :-)     