 I had a body shop for twenty years. Spent more time behind a polisher than would be believed if I stated it. Polishers for automotive use were all 2400 RPM. It was either on or off, and no variable speed. When trying to feather in an area, I used to feather the switch on and off intermittently. This polisher by Makita takes it to the next level. The moment I took it out of the box and plugged it in, it was preset at one on the speed dial. I squeezed the trigger, and it crawled around so slow I couldn't believe it. Then when setting it at a higher number it gave you variable speed on the trigger. That way you had the option of adjusting by the trigger, any speed up to the preset number. Additionally, you could press in the lock on, and it would remain at a constant speed. In plain words, every option was considered, well thought out, and integrated into the tool. Leave it to Makita to make another dead on accurate tool. Add to that the built in smart electronics, which gives you just the right amount of power to keep it running at the preset speed, even when it encounters more resistance. That keeps the speed constant.      I do woodworking projects now, and was looking for a solution to give me a polished finish. The problem was that my old polishers had two speeds. Flat out 2400 or stop. Additionally they had only one option for bonnets, or cutting wheels: Large!  The Makita 9227C comes with a hook and loop 7" backing pad, and an included centering spline. Their are nice polishing wool bonnets that work with the hook and loop pad. Their are also hook and loop lambswool polishing pads that are close napped, and make for a very tight clean edge. Great for getting into those otherwise inaccessable areas. With woodwork, you may be polishing a 3 inch apron for example, right up against the underside of the table top. That requires a hook and loop backing pad, with a tight nap hook and loop pad.    Makita also has available as an option, the side handles that we have all come to know, the standard throughout the years. Those side handles are my personal choice for automotive. The handle that this 9227c comes with does not feel intuitively comfortable in my opinion. At first I thought that handle would grow on me after awhile. NOT, it is uncomfortable. I had bought the Makita 4 1/2" grinder at an earlier time from Home Depot, when they run their tool sale, just about giving it away. That side handle works perfectly on the polisher as well. So for the super cheap price, it is nice to have the handle, and the grinder.    Additionally, this polisher is available at the Makitatools.com site with the side handle only instead of the wrap around handle. The part number on that one is 9227CY. Since the side handle is available as an option, I chose to go with this one, and pick up the handle, to keep all options open.     Makita also had the standard rubber backing pad with the hex nut for the center, so you can use the standard bolt on cutting wheels, and be able to use the tie on bonnets on top of it.    If you are planning on doing the mile deep gloss level of polishing, you will need the 2400 speed range that this Makita gives you. (As well as the other speeds) The polishers that only go to 1750 is not what you want for truly incredible gloss. Especially when using high build finishes like urethanes, and well cured lacquers.    With all that in mind, that makes this Makita the top of the heap. It does share that position with the Milwaukee 5540, but that is another review. I like the Makita because it is 6 pounds instead of 9 like the 5540, and has 99 percent of the power, and 25% better price tag. The Milwaukee comes with the side handle instead of the wrap around.    All in all I am glad I bought the Makita although I must admit the Milwaukee is tugging at me as well. Highly recommended.     