 This Porter Cable 2HP plunge router model number 7529 took Popular Woodworking's Best New Tool award January 2000. This thing is a well-designed, super engineered, heavy-duty piece of equipment. I brought it home, spent five minutes with it, and learned the controls. I think that is where the misunderstandings arise. The plunge release lock mechanism handle is loaded with a backing spring, which enables you to adjust it. So you press it in, and it will move to a new position, let it go, and it pops out to a position on the locking nut. If someone sets it improperly, the locking knob with either not release the plunge mechanism all of the way, causing an uneven snag on the way down,or if improperly set, too loose, can cause the plunge mechanism to not lock completely in order to hold the position. I think it is great of Porter Cable to make that feature adjustable. Comments in those two areas are due to not figuring out how the adjustment feature works. Additionally, instead of the locking mechanism holding a setting by simply releasing the lever, it requires that you give it a push also. So you let go of the lever, the spring moves it out, then a quick push to total lock. With this done properly, their are no off angles, or erratic movement. This thing is one superb professional piece of equipment.  Pertaining to the two wrench concerns, Porter Cable went one step further and gave you both a locking collet, that you can use only one wrench to change bits, or use two wrenches. Even with all that, it is difficult to understand complaints.  Out of the mud, and into the light. The beauty of this router is that the fine adjust knob is superbly engineered for under the table work, in addition to hand held work. Typically other plunge routers are bad for under the table work, because you have to compress a spring to plunge the router upside down. Makes you lift the entire table while trying to plunge. What Porter Cable did was to take the adjustment knob and make it work like a fixed base knob. You do have to push the locking knob in, as in the release position, the turn the adjusting knob. It moves quite readily, and also gives you a nice micro adjust capability. At first I thought it was broken, because the depth adjustment knob would not work at all, then I discovered you need to push it into the full release position. So anyhow, with this router, for under the table use, you can forget about fighting a spring upside down, the adjustment knob works independent of the plunge. What a great simple idea. I have the Bosch 1619EVS, which has a spring, defeat mechanism, but with this 7529 you don't even need that.  It is in the league of the quietest routers out there. The Makita and Fein are equally as quiet. The Bosch routers are a bit louder, but are great routers nonetheless.  If I had to be critical of the unit, I would have to agree that the dust shield, which is a removable window of plastic, sits in its trough by gravity alone. When using it right side up, it stays parked, but upside down in a table, it will fall out. But then again, who needs a dust shield for under a table. The tabletop becomes your shield, so I wouldn't be using the dust shield under the table. BR>Pertaining to weight, it only weighs 11 pounds, but has a heavy-duty industrial quality feel.  This is a great router.      