 Welcome to the world of laser printing. You're talking to someone who came from a time when laser printers were a five figure investment. Sure they created print that was so smooth, that the edges were like glass, even under a microscope. Like the rest of us, we trudged through the fuzzy, dull, and off gray text of bubble jets, until they finally created one that would give you a nice edge to the naked eye. Under a microscope even todays latest results are not equal to this inexpensive 1440.     To be creating professional looking text for only two cents per page, and at the rate of up to 15 PPM, for this kind of money makes it a must have. I broke out the super magnifying glass and the edges are glass smooth. My Lexmark X83, which is touted at "laser like" doesn't pass the under the microscope test. I still like the X83 for color work, and since it is a multi-user machine, for it's scanning and copying features. If you have a bubble jet, or inkjet machine, you want a Brother laser printer too. You can hook one up to the USB port, and put the other one on your printer port, thanks to Brothers dual input, standard printer cable, or USB capacity.     Some other great features are: 250 sheet paper tray that sits under the unit, which is reminiscent of the better machines. With up to 15 PPM print speed, the first time you see it print, you think it is a printing mistake because it is coming out so fast. No sooner does the previous sheet hit the tray, one is coming out right on top of it. It comes with 2 Meg of ram built in, and is expandable with a single slot which will take up to a 128 Meg chip. (Something available very inexpensively for a generic, check it out via a google search.) The main feature of the brother line of printers is that they have a very professional look for an entry level laser.     First and foremost, as stated in Consumer Reports, who rated the Brother 1440 as their number one pick, the per page print cost is only 2 cents per page. Compared to a MINIMUM of 6 cents, and as much as $1.50 per page for an inkjet photograph, you can see how quickly printing costs can add up. With the Brother laser printers, you can concentrate more on how you can print your message to the world, instead of how you are going to afford to keep pumping lots of money into your inkjet cartridges.    A key advantage to a laser printer is that they use a dry powder, instead of wet ink that can and does dry out. I have a friend who bought an NEC laser in 1985, printed infrequently, and the cartridge just ran out in the last couple of years. Not a common example, but it gives you a good idea of the advantages of a laser using dry powder.     Comparing the Brother 5040, which comes with 8 meg of ram instead of 2, has more onboard fonts, and several other capacities, as described in the owners manual, to the 1440, makes you want to buy that one instead. BUT Consumer Reports rated the 1440 as their top pick, and the 5040 rated about 5th in line. They stated it was the loudest of the printers, had comparable text quality, but didn't score quite as well in printing graphics. Mate that to the reduced price of the 1440, and the fact that a ram chip upgrade is inexpensive, makes the world of quality laser printing something everyone should have.    Brother just came out with the 5140 to replace the 5040, but the only improvement is a faster print speed of 21 PPM instead of 17. The 1440 is rated at 15.    First and foremost is the top quality, textbook level of printing, for such a small amount of money. If you buy a 1440 at current prices, and then at replacement time, buy one of the generic replacement toner cartridges that produce twice the number of pages as the standard ones, you can bring the price per page cost down to a penny. That is quite a savings over the five cents per page copying cost at your local office store.    The speed, flexibility, and capacity of producing documents on demand, makes this a good investment.     Heed the warnings on the bag containing the cartridge, and DO NOT move the machine without first removing the cartridge, or you can seriously damage the printer. That is probably the reason why some people were getting streaks.  When the toner gets low, and you start to get a gray background on the pages, replace it.    I haven't been this excited about a business tool in quite some time. It will make a great addition to your arsenal. Highly recommended.     