 I wrote a lengthy review for this printer. I don't know where it went. I do not understand how the other reviewers don't see this as a far superior printer to the competition. Do yourself a favor, and go into your local office supply store, take a full color picture advertisement from any available in the store. Put it in the X83 and Color copy it. Then do the same for every other machine out there, ESPECIALLY THE HP's. No contest, the Lexmark is superior scan and print quality. The colors are fuller, richer, truer. HP has a history of reliability problems. If you do not believe me, simply check out the reviews on their regular printers especially the CSE models. I bought one, for 400 dollars and got burnt. It worked for 6 months of occassional use, then was replaced with a refurb from HP, and that one gave me 6 months and two weeks. Just enough time to no longer qualify for the one year warranty. 400 bucks???????    My brother has the HP 950 multi-function. We have run it though every test, and he admits the Lexmark is superior at half the money.  Every store salesman I run into pushes the HP. Must be the margins. (And I don't mean the kind they have on the page) I wrote a long and elaborate review before, explaining the differences in the results, comparing the HPs with the X83. Too exhausting to do it again. It has been a couple of weeks, and it is still not posted. If for any reason you see a review magically show up, you know why I wrote two.   Do yourself a favor, and don't listen to people who do not know how to load drivers in Windows. Don't listen to people who have been beat up by salesman, who convinced them that the HP was superior. Check it out for yourself.   By the way, go into the Lexmark 3200 printer reviews, and see how many people are writing favorable things, even though the printer is two years old. I have two of those, ran a business with them, and they are still working perfectly. (They aren't super quiet) Just very nice printers.    The X83 is the Best. It scans and copies the best. It print photographs the best. The colors are deeper. Sometimes the HP misses outlines altogether, the light grays fade into a non print, and the Lexmark captures all of that.  Do a side by side, judge for yourself. The truth is evident. The proof is in the pudding.     