  The Makita D Handle is a super unit. It is so light and quiet, that it soon, will become your favorite hand held router. The stability of the D Handle configuration, is all the more reason.   Their is no router that is a catch all, but this one is at the top of the heap for a favorite handheld. Two and one quarter horse power is great for most all applications. The smaller opening on the base lends itself to improved stability when working over smaller stock.  The Makita is incredibly quiet. I thought I couldn't love a router more than I love my Fein, but this Makita has earned a side by side spot in my heart. The Fein is so light that it is excellent as a hand held, yet strong enough to be classified as an industrial production machine.  Pertaining to the self locking collet, as found on the Fein, the Makita uses the twin wrenches. I am equally happy with both systems. The twin wrenches are easy to use. Centering your attention on the fact that your hands are actually stronger at squeezing two opposing arms together than your complete arms are, you understand the beauty of attaching the wrenches carefully, then squeezing to make a very secure clamping.  By the way, the second resistance that is felt when removing the bit is a safety issue. If you have ever experienced a dislodging bit go flying across the room, you will know the second grip as a real asset.   Some get confused, and wonder why when the nut is loose, the bit won't come out. Loosen it some more to the next tension before removing. The Makita has a flat top, so you can turn the unit on its head for easy access for bit changing.  My initial interest in the Makita D Handle, is that I noticed Norm Abram using the previous model as his number one unit, most frequently used. The Makita and the Fein Router are actually my favorites. The Bosch's are very nice units, make great table mounted units, but are substantially louder, although it doesn't make that much difference because I wear ear protection while routing anyhow.  It is nice that the Porter Cable template guides work in the Makita as well. I found the motor to be very smooth, with more than enough power, to not even slow down in hardwoods using normal size bits. Quiet, smooth, and powerful make this a top buy. Buy it you won't be sorry. Hope this helps.     