 I just bought the Powermatic 66 5HP single phase. I was going to get the three phase model, and pick up a phase converter. That way if I ever get into a three phase environment I would be ready to go. I understand the motors are made quite differently internally. Then I found out that a three phase motor runs at about 1/3 less its rated power when it is run on single phase with a converter. So you are getting about 3 usable HP.     The single phase 5HP motor weighs about 100 pounds and has a cast iron end (TEFC frame). You could easily call it overkill. I came off of using a single HP old Sears saw, and after blowing breakers, and the thermal safety protection built into the motor (and having to wait for it to cool off and reset) when cutting into inch and a half stock, I didn't want to take any chances with the power, so I went for the 5. I am sure the 3 does the job more than adequately.    When building doors, table legs, windows etc, out of 2 or 3 inch hardwoods, you'll be glad you did.    By the way, here is a setup tip.    My Powermatic 66 was shipped with a dead on flat tabletop. Inside the carton are both of the cast iron extension wings. There is one for the left and one for the right. Once mounted and tweaked to get the seam even all the way across, I noticed that one of them did not create a completely level top. It may only be off by .010 but that is enough to see light coming from under your straightedge.    We're not spending all of this money to put up with a slightly off situation. So, what to do? Here it is; Take a piece of aluminum foil, and fold it over a few times, to get a 4 or 8 fold thickness. Then cut a strip of it about 1/4" wide. Loosen the three bolts that hold the extension onto the side, slip the foil shim down into the seam and below the top edge. Retighten your extension, and then check for levelness. If it is off by even the slightest, readjust the thickness of the foil by how many folds you use. Then it will be perfectly, and I mean perfectly even all the way across.    The nature of the problem exists because even though the table edge and the extension may be ground perfectly, if it is off by even a few thousandth's, it will magnify itself to hundredths by the time it gets to the outer edge of the extension.    Aluminum foil is incredibly thin, so 4 or 8 folds of it, add up to zilch, but it is enough to make your extensions perfectly level. The nice thing is that since the foil is so thin, it doesn't create any gap in the seam across the top. I can't get the pointed tip of a razor blade to go into mine. It's a dead on mating, but that tiny bit of offset is enough to tweak it right on.    I bought the Model 66 5 Horsepower 1 phase without the sliding table, so if you would like to read my full review, you can check that one. I just thought that something as relevant as this set up tip would be beneficial. Previous owners may want to check theirs and tweak them in as well. I hope this helps.     Spend the extra amount of money and go Powermatic, it raises the standard.      