 Milwaukee makes great tools. I did a lot of research on right angle medium duty drills and here is what I found. The Makita for slightly more money has: A more powerful 4-amp motor instead of the 3.5, while still maintaining a slightly lighter operating weight. (3.1 lbs, instead of 3.5) An LED light brightening the way that is guaranteed to last the lifetime of the tool. Variable speed of 0-2400 instead of 0-1300. Also the Makita has a speed-limiting dial to prevent over tightening of fasteners. Also the Makita has only a 2 5/8" head height instead of 4 1/2" for right angle drilling when working deeper than the first few inches of your project. For close to the edge work, the Milwaukee has a small head height, but if you need to go deeper into the project beyond a few inches, the angled body creates a 4 1/2" height, and that is for making 55 degree angle applications, if you need to make a 90 degree hole, you have to tilt the body, making the overall head height out of control. Look at the picture to see what I mean. For making joist holes in 2x10s this is not a problem because their is plenty of clearance, but if you are making cabinetry, and for example want to secure drawer guides in drawer openings, that are closed panels, the Milwaukee will not get the job done.  I went into the local home center, and got my hands on the Milwaukee close quarters drill. Please understand I am crazy about Milwaukee tools, but ! Holding onto this drill is strange. The only way I can relate to it is to say, think of holding onto a 1.5 litre bottle of wine. You know the kind that quickly mushrooms out at the neck. Your little finger, second, and third fingers are holding onto a large body, while your index finger and thumb are wrapped around the neck. Now imagine trying to force the neck of the bottle into something. Albeit, the Milwaukee has a mushroomed head, it is a tiny head nonetheless. Difficult to put into words. Go into your local home center and pick one up. You instantly will know what I mean. In a few words, it is uncomfortable. I don't know what Milwaukee was thinking with this one. For a little more money, get the Makita DA3010F 3/8" Angle Drill with L.E.D. Light. Two other mentionables for competition are the Porter Cable air driven, and the Dewalt DW160. The Porter Cable air driven comes in at half the price and has a keyless chuck. It does reverse as well. The one drawback is that you don't get the degree of torque out of small air driven tools (monster impact guns excluded), and you need to have air. Lugging the compressor for a big job is not a problem, but for those small adjustments, it can be a nuisance.  The Dewalt DW160 3/8" drill has an oversized paddle switch, according to the manufacturer. Reviews were pretty emphatic about false start problems while changing bits. Also it does not have variable speed, nor does it reverse.  It is rare that you can narrow a tool choice down to yeah this, and boo that. If I had to chose just one, and I did, it would be the Makita. More power, greater speed range, least amount of overall head height in the greatest range of applications, and that lifetime LED light to constantly shine the way. They call it the new Eluminate line of tools. I know that if I get in a situation of needing the 55-degree angle, I will wish I had the Milwaukee. Additionally, I know I have a hankering for the Porter Cable air driven at those times when I have air. For the price, I might wind up with one of those also. The Dewalt, is an inexpensive drill that I know I would be cussing at, every time I needed to reverse out a screw, since it doesn't have reversing capabilities, and it doesn't have variable speed, so it will strip out the screw heads as well. Enough said: I like the first three very much. I have learned that if you go for a little more on the price, you often get a tool that is a lot more in the long run. Hope this was helpful.     