 I highly recommend the book, Controlling Dust in the Workshop. In there I learned a lot about setting up dust control in the workshop. One of the more profound things was that we can only see dust particles down to 20 microns. The 1-micron particles are the ones that get into the tiny recesses of the lungs, and can do the most damage.  Even though I have just bought a second JDS Air Cleaner 750JER, the author mentions that they are effective at cleaning the big stuff, but the little stuff they send flying through the shop. In all fairness, the JDS air cleaner cleans 99% of all particles, and gets 80% of the 1-micron type. I use them to try and keep a clean shop.  What the author states is that if you get your dust collecting system together properly that is all that you need. You just need a dust collection system, and no ceiling air cleaners. Capture it at the source, he says, nip it in the bud, keep the air clean before it gets dirty. That is where this 1-micron bag comes in. He is emphatic about cleaning out the 1-micron size dust.  The author also suggests that a cyclone dust collecting system is best. Without getting too wordy, essentially, cyclone systems prevent wood chunks, or even worse metal screws for example, getting to the fan blades, and denting it up, or causing a spark. The problem is that they are expensive. Also they do not pull as much air as the JDS Dust Force unless you buy a 3 HP unit.  Combining the JDS dust force, the Woodstock International separator, and this 1 micron bag kit, you are spending about a third of the money, and getting the same results. The 1-micron bag kit is essential though. What good is it, if you are collecting dust from your tools, then sending the finer stuff into the air, and into your lungs?  Look into the Woodstock International separator. It is cheap and fits on top of a standard inexpensive, 30-gallon trash can. Only the fine dust makes it to the JDS dust force or shop vac.  So cleaning the bag is not as frequent.  I would like to mention that I wear a respirator while sanding, sawing, etc. Not that little white cotton thing that leaks real bad, almost like not having a mask on at all. A real mask like the 3M Paint spray respirator. When I am not active, the neck straps keep it on, while it drapes on front of me like a bib.  Going a little farther, I have a fresh air supplied system, with a helmet mask, that is 100% fresh air from the outside, fed to me from a diaphragm based, fresh air supplied respirator pump. That is a moderate investment. I break that out when I am doing something that is caustic.  I had a body shop for 20 years. Did a lot of high-end cars. All in all, I don't have any breathing problems.  There is a disease in the woodworking industry called, black lung, or brown lung. Comes from a long-term exposure to fine airborne wood dust. The government has announced it is officially a carcinogen. Ouch!  So get the book, Controlling Dust in the Workshop, and read about how to set up your shop for clean, clear, and more fun, with less work to clean up. And spend the extra money, and get the 1-micron bag kit. It's a bargain, considering the money you saved buying the JDS Dust Force. How do they get 1200 CFM, relatively quietly, and still keep the price so reasonable. Just check out the cyclone units at Onieda-air.com to see what I mean. Hope this helps.     