 I just received the Starrett 6" and immediately ordered the 12. First I tried to rejuvenate an old one that belonged to my father. After a half hour of scrubbing, de-rusting, and fine polishing, I thought I had a twelve. I checked the depth accuracy, and it was right on. Then I checked it as a square. Although the end to end was correct, the center of the ruler had been accidentally ground. So if I tried to square up a 4" high table saw blade for example, it would be off. That was all I needed. I went to the computer and ordered the 12 as well. You can't afford to screw around with the device that all other tools are measured by. A cut only off 1 degree creates a 91-degree edge. When gluing and clamping that edge, it bows or skews your project. Then when you try to mate that up to a square project, it doesn't fit. Save yourself a lot of heartache, time, and money, get a starrett combination square.    I have the Bosch digital protractor, and that measures in tenths of a degree. The problem is that it is about 18 inches long, and does not measure depths.    These combination squares are great for taking a measurement in a difficult to get to area. You simply drop it into the area, slide the ruler out until it stops, then lock it into the base with the knob, then bring the square out, and check your measurement. No more having to dive your head under something, while you contort your body to be able to see the measurement.    Pertaining to the 6 or 12, I chose the 6 first because I saw that one being used in higher end woodworking books. Authors even photographed themselves using the starret setting up the table saw blade for example. When I got it my first impression was, boy is that tiny. It probably will be the one that I use the most. I just don't want to be limited when I need to use one on lengths greater than 6 inches.    It is well made, and yes it does spec out properly. I used Incra measuring instruments to check the rule, and the Bosch digital protractor to check to see if it was dead on 90. It wasn't off by even a tenth of a degree.   It's funny how you have to rave about a tool that does what it is supposed to do, and do it well. Their is so much junk out there. Did you ever check your level, but putting it on a surface, then turn it around end to end to see if the bubble shows the same reading on the same surface. You will be shocked; 80 percent of them are off. Even the bubble on this Starrett tool is dead on.    The square ness is right on. The typical check of taping a piece of paper to a flat surface in front of a fence, then use the square to draw a line, flip the tail of the square over to the other side, and see if the line is dead on.    If you have a square that has a handle that was riveted, welded, or glued on, chances are it is off. The single stamped pieces of metal are usually accurate.    These Starrett combination squares are something that you will grow to use more and more often. Soon you will wonder how you ever lived without it. Highly recommended.       