 I never met a man that I could not learn something from. Thank you Dr Atkins for bringing to the forefront, just how critical it is for us to eliminate white processed flour products and cane sugar from our diet. These two products result in high insulin levels in our blood stream, and that not only block fat elimination, but also creates it. Eating animal protein does not create that problem. I think a lot of hysteria is created because in order to broadcast the pain free diet, much is made over the issue of being able to eat animal fat, and still lose weight. It is not necessary to eat animal fat in quantity to lose weight on this diet. Why not do this diet and eat lean meats? Lean cuts, and more fish and fowl. If you are a big beefeater, look into local farmers who raise their herds organically, without the use of growth hormones. They sell in quantity at about 70 cents per pound. Freezers are cheap, as well as the 39 dollars per year in electricity it takes to run them. Do it up right.  The other thing that I think is worthy of mention is that the word carbohydrates is overused. White flour and cane sugar are carbohydrates, but so is an orange, or a grapefruit, or a piece of asparagus, or lettuce, or a cucumber. In the Nutri System program you can eat all the lettuce, cucumber, and celery you want. In the Fit for Life program, you eat all the fruits and vegetables you want, and still lose the weight. They tell you not to mix proteins and starches at the same time, which results in you eating your large salad or steamed vegetable with just the meat, but not the bread. Same path, different journey. In Back to Eden by Jethro Kloss, a book that you find in all of the health food stores, we learn that everything our body is made of comes from the earthen soil. Nutritionally abundant soil makes a nutritionally abundant plant, and then we eat the plant. He argues that when we eat an animal, we are getting the nutrition second hand. Dr Weil suggests that our diets should consist of no more than 20 percent meat. Dr Bernie Siegel in "Love Medicine and Miracles" states that, "Even lovers and vegetarians have to die someday" Dietitians are not known to agree universally with one another.  Next point is the overwhelming statistics that prove that those who undergo the Atkins "treatment" have lower levels of LDLs. (Bad cholesterol) If you have a 250 pound person, who now weighs 150 pounds, you have lower LDLs. Why not maintain a low fat intake, and enjoy your favorite meats, cooked lean, but seasoned with natures flavorings. I noticed that the latest statistics published on the Atkins diet, conclude that the participants did have lower LDLs while on the diet, but later on in the results, they added, that the participants were eating two servings a week of Salmon, which is know to be high in Omega 3 fatty acids. So there is a tip. Eat Salmon while undergoing the program, to offset the fat intake. But then again, why not eat the Salmon, while eating more lean, and less fat?  Dr Atkins states that the low fat craze has led to a diet high in carbohydrates, and that is what is to blame for Americans weight problem. Can't argue about that, but the solution is not to pig out on fat. Discovering fruits and vegetables in abundance, while strictly eliminating white flour products and cane sugar is the key to weight loss. Whole grain products are more dietetic; they are not as readily absorbed due to the increased roughage.  I love all of the diets. I've done most all of the major ones. I lose on the average about 20 pounds per year. Since I have been losing weight for 27 years, you could say that I have lost over 500 pounds. I do like the bears' do. I live in the Northeast. It gets cold here in the winter, and when it does, I crave fattening things. A calorie is a measurement of heat. When our bodies burn fat, or calories, they generate warmth. When the spring comes, I lose my appetite, and start eating an abundance of fruit and vegetables, limit my carbs, and eat almost zero cane sugar, and it comes off. The only thing missing out of this equation is the support. I guess that is one of the reasons why Atkins is so popular. He has created a kind of cult. The army is taking no prisoners. Either believe in the Atkins plan or be shot at sunrise. :-) It is unusual to see this level of dedication in any program.  Like I said, I have a lot to learn from this man. The astonishing thing is that the white flour and cane sugar create the big insulin rise. Does the animal fat not cause this rise? And if so, does a lot of it simply pass through the intestines, unassimilated by the body, due to the low insulin levels?  In the past year, the government, realizing America's weight problem, decided to get the major weight loss gurus together. What happened? They couldn't agree on anything. It turned into a shouting match. My approach is to study them all. Learn something from each one of them. What I have learned is that there is no one diet for everyone.  I hope this was helpful. I for sure will assimilate what I have learned from Dr Atkins in my annual dietary program. I thank him for that.     