 First let me say that I have two Air Filtration units mounted on the ceiling in a 33 x 22 foot shop. I use them all of the time. This Jet unit seems like a nice unit. I bought a pair of the JDS Air Tech 2000s. You should take a peek at them.    What I want to share with you is to clear up the expectations of an air filtration system. In the book, "Controlling Dust in the Work Shop" a highly recommended book, I learned that air filtration systems, do clean the air, but they are also good at sending the fine stuff circulating into the air. The 1 micron capacity appears impressive, but you have to consider what Jet has to say, " Filters 98% of all 5-micron particles and 85% of all 1-micron particles." Based on that 15 percent of 1 micron particles are sent flying. Worse yet, particles less than 1 microns are having a hay day. According to the official government findings, dust is not what you want in your lungs.    So what to do. I am in favor of getting an air filtration system. It gets the shop air cleaner faster, and that results in a cleaner shop, and cleaner air. What I wish to bring to the forefront is the necessity of using other means to get the air healthy clean.    I had a body shop for twenty years, and did a lot of high end cars. The cleaner shops had dust busters mounted on the ceiling. This Jet air filtration system will give you the same kind of results. BUT the important thing is to get a paint spray respirator and use it frequently. The 3m charcoal paint spray unit, with a chemical cartridge is ideal. It is convenient because it drops off of your face, and sits like a bib, then it is easily raised when you are in the froes of dust mania. If the outside temperature is warm enough, an open window with a fan drawing fresh air through the shop is tops. (Sorry for mentioning the obvious.)    I use the JDS Dust Force to collect dust, and it sits directly under one of my JDS 2000 air filtration systems. That way as the bag is emitting some ultra fine powder, it is immediately captured by the Air Filtration. Does that do the job? Not really, when you turn on the air filter you can smell wood. That means that ultra fine particles are in the air.    I also have a fresh air supplied respirator setup. That is comprised of a diaphragm pump, and a hood with a helmet, and a flex pipe system. It is only practical when you are doing something at a station, and don't need to move around the shop a lot. The hose dragging along restricts your movement. It is designed for those times when you are doing a project, and have a lot of the same task to do repeatedly. Consequently it doesn't get used that much.    Pertaining to this Jet Air Filtration system, it is a very nice unit for the price. I have found for half again as much money, the JDS Air Tech 2000 to be a better made unit. The metal is thicker, and overall heavier built. You'll notice in the shipping weight, the JDS is 106 pounds, and the Jet is only 57. (Although I must admit a lighter weight unit is an advantage when trying to mount it to the ceiling :)     In addition to the air filtration system, the JDS Dust Force dust "collection" system is even more outrageous of a buy.    I must admit, I am impressed with Jet being able to put an air filtration system out for such a reasonable price. Although I have the JDS, I must give Jet the Best Buy Award for putting out such a nice unit, for the least amount of money. Highly recommended.     