 I saw Mariah on a recent HBO movie. I loved it. I loved her, and I was super happy in how the whole team of producers, writers, etc were careful to produce a touching piece, without ever going over the edge to mawkish. (Sentimentality to the point of nauseation-which this flic did not do. My hats off.) Charmbracelet isn't the first CD that I have bought of Mariah's. I was hoping for previous results. I have to give it to you short and sweet. She is very skilled in micro musicry. Her voice moves intricately in and out of phrases, using her incredible range, and ability to go from a whisper to a crecendo note in an instant. It stops there. If you would like to hear an entire album of micro great moves, this is the one for you. The problem is the album is not big. Their isn't one song in the entire piece that is big. You know, a great song. One that you can't wait to hear again and again. Like "Hero" before the radio stations wore it out. I'm looking for the macro music. A song that touches your heart, without having to have a large production prep surround it, in order to be begging for fulfillment.  Mariah is beautiful, self made, motivated, intelligent, and yes hot chocolate and whipped potatoes all wrapped up in one. Delicious. She seems like she is very personable as well, and would make a great friend. She has sold more albums that any other female recording artist in history. I'm sure with that kind of history, this one will do very well. It is not one that I will be playing repeatedly, like some of her others.  My hope is that she gets some fresh influences that are reminiscent of where she has been when she made the charts come alive with her name.  I'm glad to see she is back, and I hope this is the first of many more albums for her. I guess you can tell by the fact that I am calling it an album that I am of the slightly older generation. The guttoral rap thing is not my gig, know what I mean? This album touches on that, like a distant cousin.  It is my hope that Mariah touches her inner spirit and produces chart topping songs once again. Welcome back.     