 No one router is all things to all people. This Bosch comes close. I have the 1617EVS, and liked it so much, I bought the 1617EVSPK, combo pack as well, with the fixed base and the plunge base. The motor easily slides out of one, and into the other. The slide out feature is built into the 1617 whether you are buying the combo pack, or the fixed base router. Makes it possible to add a plunge base, or remove it easily from under a table. It's so easy, I change bits that way.  I have a Fein RT-1800, the Bosch 1619EVS, and a Porter Cable laminate trimmer router as well. I can't say enough about each one of them.   The thing that makes the Bosch line, especially the 1617 so special is two features: One is the bit centering feature. The other feature which sets is apart from the others, is the fine adjusting knob. Typically, you get close to the setting you want, on a regular router, but it is off by a little bit. So you loosen the clamp, and it jumps completely away from your setting. In frustration, you try again, and realize it is still off a little bit.   What did Bosch do? They allow you to get a gross setting, that you lock in, by releasing the spring loaded motor locking lever, then you are able to fine adjust your setting with the fine adjusting knob. Once you get it precisely where you want it, you lock the clamp. If you make a test run, and it is off a hair, no problem. You loosen the clamp, without losing your setting, and tweak the fine adjusting knob, and reclamp it. Takes about 30 seconds to get the perfect setting that way. Once you experience the fine setting you can get with this router, and so easily, their is no going back. You have to love this router for that feature alone. One critical note: For under the table work, most fixed base routers, including this one, have a shifting anomalie. When loosening the collar to change a setting, the router is capable of shifting slightly off axis, leaving a slight angle to the work. Machinist level accuracy without controlling that variable is tough. It may not show in your work, but if you want a base that keeps total accurate alignment, as in now swaying left to right, you need a plunge base router to do it. Unfortunately the plunge base that comes with the Bosch two base kit, does not have any kind of fine setting adjustment to it at all. The Bosch 1619evs 3 1/4HP behemoth is great for that, and with the spring defeat button, enables you to make adjustments without fighting a spring upside down. Porter Cable in their 8529 2HP plunge router came up with a simple idea to take care of that as well. They made their adjustment knob work independently of the plunge. That way when you loosen the collar, you do not lose a setting, and are able to fine adjust and reclamp.   Back to the Bosch. The soft start is nice, so it doesn't try and torque it out of your hands. The smart electronics is nice too. That way you pour on just the right amount of power, to keep the bit running at a constant speed.   I also like the way the maple handles look. All in all this is one sweet router. No wonder everybody raves about it.     