 I've been researching the different phones quite heavily. Some of the more profound findings were from on the floor sales staff at major office supply stores. The first store, he mentioned that the Panasonic was the best, and that Uniden, and V tech were junk. The second store I went to, he was a lot more specific, and really knew his stuff. He said that Unidens were the best voice and transmission quality, but didn't hold up. He also said the V techs were junk. His comment about the Panasonics was, I am not going to lie to you, they last forever, and have excellent overall quality, but you are going to pay more for that. He was emphatic about explaining that, his comment was intended for the full size Panasonic 5.8s, not the new little tiny 5.8 Panasonics, that are having problems, more like the V-techs.   A friend of mine has the Vtech 5.8, and has already had to return two handsets due to malfunctions. He also mentioned that when he presses a number to dial, it doesn't always register, and he has to press it again. I speak with him on the phone though, and even though he is outside his house, the quality is great.  My personal comments on the Panasonic 5.8 6502B is that I love the whole system. The quality is great. I get absolutely no static, or noise, even when my head is practically inside the microwave. (Which is the first thing I wanted to check after using my 2.4 and 900 megahertz that way and got so much noise I had to leave the room) Going outside of the stone house, I went all the way past my neighbor's front yard, before I got noise, and that is about 100 feet. I can go anywhere in the house, which is a 60 foot house, meaning that 40 feet is the max distance from the base unit, and everything is crystal clear, no matter what floor I am on. I have the base unit sitting on top of a major subwoofer. I am a Panasonic fan, because I have a 900Mghz dual line, and a 2.4Ghz single line cordless, both of them Panasonics, and I have owned them for 10 years or more, and they both work perfectly. I had to buy replacement batteries for the older 900, which is the one that is over 10 years old. I bought replacements-aftermarket from eBay and they work great. My 2.4 is still running off of the original batteries. Not a glitch with either of those phones. That is reliability.  Now I want to talk about headsets. The dream from way back was to be able to walk around cordless, and better yet, hands free. I can go out in the garage, out in the yard, (go to the bathroom) get something to drink, or whatever I want, without being tied to the cord, and just as important, not having to bend my neck to hold the phone up, or use up a hand. Total freedom is great. The problem is that my headsets for the 900 or 2.4 don't work properly with the 5.8Ghz. I tried the Plantronics 25 or 29-dollar model, and it was so quiet, when I left a message on the answering machine, it would hang up. I tried my old headset, and it did the same thing. So their is something about 5.8 systems that require more volume. The reviews on the Panasonic headsets were many, but not many on the 5.8 volume problem. Those that were happy didn't report what they were using them on.  Once again, my Staples expert, the rare sales person who really knows what they are talking about, pointed me away from Plantronics, and aimed me directly at the AT&T Executive headset model number EHS30 for only $19.95. He said they were loud, and when hearing, you have to turn down the volume. The Plantronics he stated were for business use, when you don't want the caller hearing ten other conversations going on in the background. On the AT&T headset pack, they say," Designed for the HOME office professional" Anyhow, I took it home, plugged it in, and it WORKS GREAT FOR THE 5.8. I sent a message to another answering machine in the house and the volume was greater than when using the regular phone, and without any distortion. It had great sound quality, and plenty of it. The AT&T has enough boom length, to get in front of your mouth. On the Plantronics, in frustration, I took the headset off, and spoke directly into the mic, but although I got more volume, there was distortion. This paragraph is an edit to my original review. I have since received the Panasonic KX-TCA60 headset that everyone raves about, but others commented that they do not work with the 5.8s. Well they do. It does say on the cardboard plackett that the headset comes on, that they were meant for 900Mghz, and 2.4s but leaves out the 5.8s. BUT the owners manual for the 6502 says that headset works fine, and it does. The boom mic is crystal clear, just like the AT&T, and the volume on the ear piece is just the right volume. The AT&T goes above the normal volume, but gives you an adjustable volume knob to tweak it just right. The Panasonic TCA60 does not have a volume knob but is set at just the right volume already. The speaker on the AT&T is the same outside diameter cushion, but the actual speaker opening is twice the size of the Panasonic. That may help in part as to why the volume on the AT&T is greater. If you were in a really loud room, the AT&T has a higher volume adjustability. Both were perfect quality, sound and plenty of it. You can't go wrong with either one. The AT&T is twice the price of the Panasonic but is built a little more substantially. Hey get both, you have a lot of stations with the 6502.   One last comment is on looks. The picture of the individual handsets, the Panasonic 650 is more like the real look of the phone. If you look at the 6502B picture, it looks like pure black, which it is not. I prefer the pearl black metallic/off charcoal gray look, which it shows you in the 650 handset only picture here at Amazon, which is what it all is and has a black back. Also the LCD color they show in that picture is not accurate; it is more like a goldish yellow instead. Overall, I find the 6502B or 6500 with a single handset, which are full size Panasonics, to be the best looking, most functional, and most reliable units out there. I have absolutely no complaints at all. Pertaining to the comments about the calls missed showing up on all of the handsets; when you have multiple people using the same system, everyone has a chance to review all of the incoming calls, and with the caller ID, they show up with the sending phone number and time of the call. If someone else like a brother or sister, erased your message at the base, or from their handset, you know what calls came in, and who to holler at :-)  Get the Panasonic 6502B or 6500, and get the AT&T headset EH530, which also works in your cell phone with the same 2.5mm plug. Buy it, you won't be sorry. I seriously feel a pang of love when I walk past the handset stations, especially, when I consider all of the old problems this new system solves.  Oh, one more thing, I have the primary line set up on my Lingo line, that I learned about here at Amazon. It's the new VOIP and costs me only $19.95 a month for unlimited long distance all over the US, Canada, and 17 countries in Western Europe. The included premium call services including Caller ID all work beautifully with the Panasonic system. I guess you could say, "I'm phone happy" Hope this helps.       