 At first I thought the old wood jigs would be more substantial. I kind of resented that they went to plastic. I am no longer disappointed. The hardened steel drill guides are lifetime guaranteed. The plastic housings are substantially made, and thick enough to be very durable. All in all, a nice set. You get a three hole, that comes mounted on the jig. In addition, a two hole and a single hole are included in the set. Pocket, rocket or whatever they want to call them, it covers all three sizes and options so your ready to take on the world of pocket hole joinery, whether you use the jig mounted on the portable clamp to anything models that are included.  This set sure saves a lot of time. You don't have to wait for hours, or overnight for the glue to set up. Also you don't have to contend with lots of clamps. The trade off is that you have to contend with the fact that their is a hole on the inside face of your work. They sell plugs in different types of wood to fill them. Then you chisel, sand, or whatever to get them flat. You could cut your own with a plug cutter. Do them deep, then cut them on a saw at the angle of the pocket hole jig. If you are exacting, you could glue them in flush. The other alternative, is in the case of kitchen cabinets, to attach the face panels, you cut your pocket holes,on the outside of the cabinet, so when they are joined together you do not see them.   All in all, you can't beat the strength of the screw holding your piece together by itself, or as an internal clamp with gluing. If you use a finish nail, it holds for glue drying, as long as you don't move the piece very much. With the pocket hole, you can go right into the rest of your assembly.   Additionally, you have the option of dry fitting your pieces. You cut to fit, then disassemble them for transport, and do final assembly on the job site. Great flexibility.  It's a trade off using biscuits, or dowels, you get totally hidden joinery, but you have to wait for the glue to dry. For finish projects with all sides exposed, that is the way to go. Slidiing dovetails, take it a step further, and you not only have no holes to contend with, and the exposed dovetail is a signed marquee of your work.   The Kreg Pro Pack comes with a very nice carrying case. One of the best cases I have seen. Well made, and the pieces fit well. It is ideal for keeping your jig in good shape, and keeping all of the components handy.   As far as the screws are concerned. They come in different lengths. the 1 1/4" thousand pack is good for the common 3/4" woods. That way you get a 1/2" bite into the adjoining material. The fine thread screws are for hardwood, and the coarse thread is for soft.   I found the Kreg ProPack to be substantially made, and I expect that it will last for a lifetime of regular use. They do make a professional one that is the main unit only, which is made out of metal, and intended for production use, for about the same money as this complete pack.   I have seen pocket hole jigs made out of hardwoods, I just don't think you are going to get the longevity out of them with a drill bit eating away at the sides. At least not as long as these with case hardened steel. I can see someone grumbling over the price versus the plastic, that is gnawing at me too, but the engineering and convenience of this kit, is well worth the money. Highly recommended, and makes a nice addition to your arsenal.     