 The Porter Cable OmniJig is simple in it's design, and is substantially made. The dovetail template is a fixed design. The spacing of the dovetails, are not adjustable. If you have a drawer that is 5 3/8" tall, you will have an odd spaced pin. The ideal are pins that are balanced on the top and bottom. Preferably a half pin top and bottom. With the Porter Cable jig, you could have a tail instead of a pin at one end, or odd balanced pins. The Leigh D4 dovetail jig on the other hand gives you infinite spacing capabilities. That kind of adjustability comes with a price for additional set up time. I want complete adjustability, so I can make the outside pins perfectly matched, and then balance the interior pins and tails to whatever spacing I choose. Additionally I have complete control over the size of the pins and tails themselves. It also accepts specific yet different degree angle dovetail bits.  I'm not a yeah this, and a boo that. I like the speed of the omnijig, and the adjustability of the D4. If I was building drawers in a production shop, and time is of the essence, then the PC is the choice. If I was building a custom order, with choice woods, and an even choosier customer, the Leigh would be my choice.  The Omnijig is a well made heavyweight piece, designed to do half blind joints. Through dovetails require a different optional, and expensive jig. Still not with adjustable capabilities. The Leigh D4 is lighter and also well made, comes with through, half blind, and sliding dovetail capabilties right out of the box, all at the price of the base Omnijig unit.  The PC dovetail machine was proudly pictured on the front page of the October 2002 Woodworkers Journal magazine announcing their ultimate guide. They reviewed the different jigs. With the Omnijig, they mentioned, that like, almost all half blind jigs, they are designed around a 14 degree dovetail. In order to get the depth of cut needed at that angle, the jig uses a 3/4" bit. The reviewer stated, "To me, the resulting dovetail looks rather coarse". On the other hand WJ magazine, states, " The jigs that go both ways, especially the super flexible Leigh jig, earn a space in my shop."   Myself, I bought the Leigh D4 with a complete 15 piece set of Leigh factory special router bits, that are custom designed for dovetailing (many different sizes and lengths, and shaft size) for less money than the cost of the PC Omni and optional PC Through Jig. I would also strongly advise you to get their 8mm and 1/2" collet set, instead of the 1/4" and 1/2" shaft size bits, because of the substantially increased strength, yet giving you the capabilities of the smaller pins. You will need an optional 8MM collet for your router to use them. Smaller tighter joints requires slimmer bits, and instead of 1/4" bits with more vibration, which is solved with 8mm bits that give you substantially more shaft size, while still maintaning a small enough size for the smaller template, yielding tighter spacing, and smoother cuts. That is why the international standard for the smaller shaft size is 8mm instead of 1/4". Back to the OmniJig.  If my needs grow to production standards, I will be adding the PC Omnijig to my arsenal. Quite simply the advantage to the OmniJig is that you can take your project and put it in the jig, and put out evenly spaced dovetails pre set to the restricted size of the template, without having to run sample cuts to set up the machine. If your running odd lots all day long, that is a major speed difference.  If you making large lots of the same size, the initial set up for the Leigh is no longer important, and will result in a balanced job, without the loss of time.  I really like my Porter Cable equipment, it is well made, I just think that something as relevant as the contained information should be explained, in addition to the well deserved 5 star reviews.     