 I had a body shop for 20 years. We did a lot of high end cars. At the risk of sounding stupid, I always wondered why the spotless shops always had smokeaters on the ceiling. (That is what they called them) Being that the shop was large enough to hold 20 cars, I would need two, and that would run me about 4 grand for the size that I needed. It always got put on the back burner.     I no longer own the shop, but now have a pretty elaborate home woodworking shop in the basement. Even though it was in a separate room, and I would frequently install a fan in the high windows, the whole basement still managed to get dusty. Yeah real dusty. Now thanks to the JDS Air Tech, the shop, doesn't even get real dusty. I get some wood chips on the floor, which to some extent can't be avoided, but the air is clear. I still use a mask while sanding or using saws. Not a litlle white cotton thing, but a real mask like the 3M R6211 Dual Cartridge Paint Spray Respirator. The simple dust and pollen masks don't do the job. They leak around the edges real bad, almost like not having a mask on at all.     After twenty years of exposure, my lungs are clear, thanks to always using a quality mask. In the woodworking industry, their is a disease they call brown lung, or black lung, and it is a result of years of exposure to fine wood airborne dust.    Wear a mask, get a shop vac to hook up to your equipment, and buy a JDS Air Tech Air Filtration system. You'll have a much cleaner shop, healthier lungs, and the quiet hum of the motor gives a warm cozy feeling to the shop that is hard to describe. Now on to the nuts and bolts of it.    I considered the Delta models, and became concerned when I read the reviews on their dust collection systems. Several people had blown motors in the first month, and many more of them were blowing circuit breakers. I didn't know if that would spill over into their air filtration units.     The Delta's had a timer and a remote control. The timer was set in 1/2 hour incrementals up to 7 1/2 hours. What if you only wanted to leave it running for 15 minutes when you left the shop?     When another reviewer mentioned the thin gauge metal used in the Delta, I decided to try the JDS. I'm glad I did. It included a free electrostatic filter, something that I had to pay for on the Delta. All in all it was one hundred dollars less.     You would have to position the delta so the proper side was exposed for the remote control to work.    I decided with the money saved, I would install a switch timer on the wall for twenty bucks and keep the eighty in my pocket. That way I can set it to constant on, for long term use, or set it for precisely the amount of time I want to leave it running when I leave the shop.     The JDS does have a pull chain on it if you want to use stop, slow, or full on. In addition the variable speed knob gives you infinitely variable speed settings between 200 and 750.     That is one thing about the Delta, it moves a little more air at 1000 CFM instead of 750. My shop is 30x15 and the JDS clears the dust out of the air in only a minute or two. I guess that is because it is located in the center of the shop, directly over the dustiest production area.     One other thing is that I like the idea of having both ends of the unit being all filter area. The Delta has a little opening on one end. Makes me think that the little opening filter would require more cleaning or replacement.     The JDS boasts a cleaning rate of 99% of the airborne particles. The Delta advertises 91% of the particles 1 micron or larger. At a woodworking publication site, they had a review of the different air cleaners, and the JDS came in at 80% of particles 1 micron in size. Then they explained that different manufacturers used different standards to determine their filtration specifications, so that was not a reliable method of comparison. I'm up in the air on that issue. :-) No pun intended.    The Delta appears to be louder, made of thinner gauge metal, and related to it's cousin dust collection series that is fraught with electrical problem reviews.     The JDS is super quiet, even when running at top speed. At the lowest setting, you barely know it is on. It is a solidly built unit, and well packaged from the factory.     All in all I give it 5 stars for price, performance, and usability. I give it 100 stars, for being part of a package, that protects the most important tool in your shop, and that is you.     