 As a former Program Coordinator for the American Heart Association, I always had an inclination toward the obvious. Many get lost or should I say quagmired in minute details, this book does none of that. The study was 25 years in the making, so this book page for page contains more of the simple truth than any other book of its kind.  Gleaning the information from the Heart Association text, and a way with mechanical reasoning, I learned that the truth is simple. I felt like I had a responsibility to share what I had learned. So many are getting lost in complex details, and the truth is so simple. This book greatly relieved me of that responsibility. Finally someone puts it all in plain simple text. It is an easy and enlightening read. If you really want to improve your life and your health, you do what this book has to offer. Otherwise you can lose yourself in a sea of pills, and masking symptoms.  Many are critical of this book stating, "Oh it is in the Okinawans genes, or it is their environment" Either is true. When the young Okinawans in Okinawa take up our fast food practices, they fall to the same disability rates that we do. Additionally when the elder Okinawans move into this country and adopt our ways of eating, and living, they too fall in line with our mortality, and disability rates.  Read this book. It is so reasonable now in price for the paperback.  Many statisticians love a good argument. They get the opportunity to puff themselves up, and look important. Unfortunately they crush a flower under their feet in order to do so.  When I first read this book, I had a yellow marker, and after highlighting over half the sentences, and on some pages all of the sentences, halfway into the book, I finally decided, that the whole book is worth highlighting, and read on.  Out of all the books I have read on health, their are very few that even approach the truth and simplicity of this one. Buy it and cherish life. The hardest thing for people to learn is that they are a temple, and the body is to be worshipped, after all who's image is it made in? Our bodies are not something to take for granted and abuse. If your heart is in it, this book will show you how. Sorry for getting so deep, but I can not put into words, the importance of what this book has to say.  You wouldn't mind living to over a hundred years of age, if you were physically fit and active the way the Okinawans who practice the old ways are.     