 Dr Dyer is a rare individual. He really understands. He has found simplicity. The truth is simple, that which I have yet to understand! I read this book first, and felt compelled to learn how to pull my own strings. I freed myself from outside influences by reading this book, Pulling Your Own Strings. We learn to be more than a sailboat, drifting on the sea with a fixed sail, frolicking about, at the mercy of every wave and breeze.  I learned how to be effective at grabbing the control panel, that pull the strings of my life, which at times takes a bit of assertion.  Combining that with one of his other books, "Your Sacred Self, I gained peace. I finally found the key to dealing with stress. I did so by learning what meditation really is from him. Instead of a lotus position, and humming a mantra, I learned that it is simply sitting or lying still, undisturbed, for ten or fifteen minutes, letting all thoughts leave my mind. Each thought is tied to an emotion. You come to a place that is quiet and peaceful, and your arise refreshed, renewed, and unfettered with stress and resentments. Then your greatest problem solving mind is present, solutions appear. It is true. What a great tool. Instead of resorting to addictive, and destructive habits, or substances to deal with stress, he has shown me the ultimate solution.  So there you have it, with Pulling Your Own Strings, you learn to be the master of your own life, and recognize those, and those things, that try to direct us, and not neccessarily for unselfish reasons. Then freed from outside control, we begin to see that the solutions to our lives are available to us from within. In Your Sacred Self, he teaches us that ego is controlling, and dominating our lives. It is at war with your greater spiritual self. It keeps us from sitting still. Always striving, but never arriving. Let the noise and clamor cease. We are all one together. We don't need ego driven domination, but rather cooperation. Get rid of the anger. Learn how to eliminate the negative influences in your life. The most powerful way for someone else to control you, is to make you angry. Once they see it no longer works, they usually leave you alone, or it makes them angrier that they no longer can control you. "It is like heaping coals of fire on their heads" Then acquire joy and peace. I know it sounds like cliches, but it is true, and I don't know how else to say it.  Dr Dyer gives you the tools, to build a new house. Or should I say, he reminds you of the house that has been there all along. Only the expressions are original, the thoughts lie within us all.     