 I bought the Tormek sharpening system and all of the attachements, and I must admit, I'm glad I did. Does a great job. It is the next level of sharpening. If you are doing woodwork etc, and keeping good edges is a time consuming task, then the Tormek will save you a ton of time.   The one thing that I am critical of, is having to redress the wheel with the stone grader, to go from coarse grit to fine grit. Done properly, takes some time, and you have to lean on the stone grading tool. The problem is that you can not take a chisel out of the holder, after using the coarse grit stone setting, and put in another chisel, then redress the stone, and put the chisels back in properly again, They are always off. How much are they off? Sufficiently to have to take off some more metal at a minute angle to get the whole face done again. The fatory rep was redressing the wheel, to the two different settings, at the woodworkers convention, after every sharpening.  I tried to mount the chisel back in the holder, perfectly after removing it, but their are so many planes to consider, that if even one of them is off by a few thousandths, you are not getting a proper and full surface sharpening at the finer grit. One answer is to buy an extra SVH-60 Straight Edge Jig, the most popular one used, and comes with the Tormek sharpening system. That way, you can put in a chisel, remove the jig, install a second chisel in the second SVH-60 and sharpen it also in the coarse setting. Then when you redress the stone, with the grader to the 1000 grit setting, you can run both of the chisels, still mounted in their jigs, to get a perfectly smooth job. Cuts the time almost in half when sharpening straight-flat tools, such as chisels.  One other consideration when using SMALL irregular shaped woodturning gouges for example. Is dress the whole wheel in the rough setting, then stone grade one half of the stone in the fine grade. You can then rough out the tool on the coarse side, and immediately fine grade it on the fine side, without having to worry about the reclamping dilemma. Large face tools require whole wheel regrading. Since you are using specific areas of the stone to do what I just mentioned, be sure and have the diamond tip truing tool, to redress the stone after a lot of use to its true flat surface. You would not want to use the stone on a split basis very long, because the irregular surface depth, would once again, create a misalignment of the face when switching to the finer grade. Of course we are talking about a pretty fine difference, so this is as much a theory consideration, as it is a practical one.  In plain words, having an extra one or two of the SVH-60s will save you time when performing the most frequent use of flat chisels. This Tormek system is a great system. One that will time and again show in your work. One that yields the results of razor sharp tools, and the precision work that it enables. Hope this helps.     