 I had the experience of cutting a piece of stock, and it got trapped between the fence and the blade. It wouldn't matter except that the wood lifted slightly, and that caused an off angle into the blade. Consequently it binded, and sent a piece of wood flying into my stomach at about 50 mph. Okay maybe it was 40, but the speed was irrelevant. What did matter is that it was painful, and forceful enough to leave a welt and scraped the skin. If it wasn't a square ended board, but rather a sharp pointed one, it would be of even greater concern.    After that experience, I broke out the hold down that originally came with the saw. Since it is a circa 1950's Sears, the hold down wasn't in the best of shape. It was the kind that sits at the back of the table. I didn't like the arm sticking up, and having to pass through the thin slit of the freshly cut wood. What if I was using a thin kerf blade? I decided instead to take the advice of a professional, and concentrate on not letting the back side of the piece of wood lift up on the fence. With a push stick that has a long tail I was able to do that. I recognize that this is just one more angle priority I have to remember when pushing stock through. Then I got the board buddies.    At first I hesitated because Incra who makes my TSIII-32 table saw fence said that board buddies are not compatible with the Incra fence. Knowing the engineering principles involved with the board buddies, and Amazon's generous return policy, I decided to go ahead and order them. I'm glad I did.    The reason why Incra stated that the fence did not work was because the center plate that mounts the adjusting arm to the fence, sat above the upper surface of the fence. That is easily solved by using a 1/4" shim made of wood, or Masonite etc and simply kerfing out the section where the adjusting arm center plate edge sits proud. That makes a completely flat surface area all across the top of the fence for the board buddy to sit on. I also ordered the Woodstock mounting bracket-plate made for these board buddies. That enables me to be able to remove and reinstall the board buddies with the least amount of effort.   The universal advantages of the board buddies, is that they are built a lot more substantially than the pictures show. They are large. That is great because they can handle the type of rigor required for a 4x8 sheet of 3/4" plywood.    I couldn't figure out how they mounted from the pictures, but they attach across the top of your fence. The yellow plastic-rubber like bumpers extend out and press down on your work and are adjustable thanks to the spring loaded tensioner. So you can fine tune them for different size stock thicknesses.    Another nice feature is that the cylindrical drums roll in only one direction. That allows you to freely feed the work in, but if the work piece wants to start to back up it instantly stops it. That back roll is nipped in the bud, and that is the movement, that leads to the binding that I was telling you about. Combined with the hold down effect, that stops it altogether. So it actually performs a double protection effort.    In terms of creating perfect cuts, the board buddies help to maintain an even surface angle. Beneficial when your shooting for smooth finish grade cuts.    One more thing to note is that these mount freely anywhere along the top surface of your fence. The best position is one immediately before your blade, and the other immediately after it. For some reason I was imagining that they projected directly over the blade, and therefore were only good for stock that was wide enough to meet with the buddy. NOT. By placing them in front and behind the blade, you can adjust them for anything from small to large stock.    If I had to be critical of the buddies, I would be concerned for certain fence types that can not accept the challenge of the buddies creating lift on the fence. With the buddies set to press down on the work piece, when it enters the buddy it will press them up, and that creates a lifting.  A less than substantial fence with a tie down only on the side, closest to you, may create a lifting concern. If your fence, when fastened holds on the rear and front, then the lift is of no concern. If your fence only holds down on one end, an easy way to determine the buddies usability is to simply fasten it, then use something to pry on it to test the level of resistance. The buddies are spring loaded and adjustable. To get the maximum usability without more frequent adjusting, a front and rear hold down fence is preferred.    Overall I highly recommend the buddies. They add to the safety and precision of making table saw cuts, and could be used on router tables with a compatible fence. The heavy castings, and industrial grade rubber should give you years of use.     