 I am annoyed at those who would let 6 different people use a saw that don't have the foggiest notion of how it works, then get critical of it when it breaks. This saw has a dual release on the front to set the miters. One is a lever that is spring loaded and easily moves aside in order to not click into the detents at 90 or 45 degrees for example. (So you can set it at 90.5 and not have it fall into the 90 degree detent) The other release is a large knob that screws in to tighten, and screws out to release. If you leave it tightened in and force the saw to change it's setting, you are for sure scoring, stripping, and breaking the setting mechanism.      Pertaining to the fence; With any tool you use, like a router, or a saw, you have to be careful to start the tool spinning fast before you enter it into the work. Have you ever experienced the run away router that was touching the work when you started it up? Well the same holds true of the Makita saw. Once or twice on my LS1212, I rushed into the cut before the blade was spinning, and the power took the piece and tried to force it through the fence. Spin first, plunge second. After that happened twice, I had to realign the fence. When someone does this on a regular basis, and then has to take the saw back for a replacement fence, it's the operators fault, not the saw. The fence is thick aluminum. Humidity has no effect on it whatsoever.   The adjusting lever for the bevel is located on the back of the slider, and of course it extends beyond the back of the stand.    I guess I am venting, because some have chosen to abuse this stellar piece of equipment, then return it trashed, and then try to convince others that the saw is at fault. I had to say something. So enough of the confusion, let's talk about the beauty of this saw.     The LS1013 is a brute workhorse, while at the same time an unbelievably perfectly accurate fine tool. Consider what Popular Woodworking had to say about it. "We can't recommend this tool enough. It's won every award this magazine gives out, and has earned a permanent place in our shop because it's tough and accurate."   Workbench Magazine gave its brother the LS1212 their editors choice award. Here is some of what they said about it. "Makita LS1212 proved to be the superior saw in this test on almost every count. It is compact, powerful, and dead on accurate. The saw made perfect bevels, miters, and compound cuts using only the factory detents for setup."    In ToolsOfTheTrade.com Tool test for sliding compound miter saws, without going into all of the elaborate criteria they used for each and every aspect of DSCMiters, they said in their Winners section; "Without a doubt, my overall favorite saw is the 10-inch Makita LS1013. The company's engineers really thought the design of this model through.    Personally I own the Makita LS1212 and it is a cornerstone of my shop. I used the Bosch Digital Protractor, which measures in tenths of a degree (equal to 3600 dots in a circle, no matter how small the circle) and measured the results in terms of accuracy right out of the box. This is it: The saw was dead on accurate, whether it was cutting a miter, a bevel or a compound miter-bevel cut, and wasn't off by even one-tenth of a degree. It is so quiet and smooth, I smile every time I use it.     Think of the engineering: Getting a saw to bevel both ways is a problem because when you tilt it to the right to bevel, the motor would normally get in the way. Some manufacturers put the motor at the back of the saw, and run belts to it. What Makita did, was still keep a direct drive by simply tilting the motor upwards at a 45 degree arc. Direct drive gives you the maximum amount of power, and zero vibration.     I could go on for hours about this saw. It comes with a blade that is such high quality, their is no need for an expensive replacement. It creates a glass smooth surface. With the dual bevel capability, and the Bosch digital protractor, you measure the real corner angle of the wall, (they are rarely a perfect 90) and it calculates the miter and bevel settings for cutting crown moldings. You lay the molding FLAT on the Makita, and cut a perfect crown the first time. No having to run up and down the ladder to keep tweaking it in.    Some may complain that the dust bag doesn't work very well. I throw my arms up in frustration hearing that also. How do you get a saw that is cutting forty million different angle combinations, and get it to throw all those shavings into a little throat. Production shops have a large collector behind their saws to catch all of the dust. It is amazing that the bag does the job that it does. Mine fills up with dust, but sure it doesn't get it all, none of them do.    I did a ton of research before buying my saw. I could tell you about the cheap plastic used in some of the competition. I could tell you about the saws that don't cut accurately, even on a simply 90 degree miter. Or the ones that cut the miter accurately, but falls short on the accuracy of the bevels. The ones that throw small pieces of wood flying at a 100 miles per hour, but I would rather just tell you that the Makita sliders are Simply the Best Compound Slider Out There. With the special going on right now, makes this a no brainer. I am so crazy about the Makita sliders that I ordered the LS1013 for portable use, even though I already have the LS1212 on a stand in my shop. Some reviews rate the 1013 higher than the 1212, due to a larger platform-work surface. It also has the crown detent, which the 1212 does not have. I love them both, now that I have been using them.  Highly recommended. Triple AAA plus 5 stars.     