 First let me say that, no other tool in your arsenal will create such enormous beauty as a router.  I usually don't write a review unless I am passionate about something, and this router falls into this category   The thing I love about this router is the way it is made. It just feels right. It is so light and well balanced, powerful and quiet. If I can exaggerate, and only a little, this thing is about as quiet as an electric can opener. The soft start feature is shared among many of the better routers. It is wonderful not having to brace yourself for the kick at start up. Additionally the electronics compensate for resistance by keeping the rotational speed constant. Another advantage to having more than enough horsepower. This unit is light enough 12 lbs to be used as a hand held, yet sturdy enough to be classified as an industrial production router. The plunge mechanism is smooth without snagging on the way down.   Although someone else commented on the locking mechanism, I must say, it is properly designed. Think of riding a bicycle with brakes on the handlebars. When you want to stop, you grab the lever, pulling it toward you by closing your hand. That is the way the Fein works. Any other way you would be using your finger nails to lock the router, thereby having to slightly loosen your grip. Counter intuitive but I guess the other reviewer had grown accustomed to working a lever on a machine, which worked that way. He may have the Porter Cable or Bosch plunge routers, which has a spring built into it thereby locking it automatically when you release the lever. The feeling I get from that is, "I wonder if it is locked to the proper tightness?" I prefer to tighten it myself. The Fein is intuitive and easy to use.     It is important to match the bit speed recommended by the manufacturer. You will get a feel for this. This Fein router has six speeds, which is actually an infinitely variable knob, with six number positions on it, so you can perfectly match the speed to the task.   You also need plunge capabilities for making quick clean mortise and tenon joints. Some routers only plunge to 2 or 2 1/2", this one plunges to 3". This router comes standard with a 1/2" collet, with a 1/4" collet optional. Having a base which will accept 3 1/2" bits is nice, and this router accepts them. I noticed in a follow up edition of Fine Woodworking magazine, that they had a clip about the Fein RT-1800. They were amazed at the specifications they found for the run out. It was off the chart next to the other routers in their previous months router review.  One other thing that I noticed is that this Fein will accept 3 1/2" bits, which are not all that common, but you can not plunge a bit that size into the base. The bottom of the base will accomodate a bit that size, but the casting does not allow you to plunge it. The Bosch 1619EVS 3+ HP plunge does allow you to plunge a 3 1/2" bit into the base. You could argue that the opening is so large on the Bosch, so as to restrict you on stability, in the event you plan on using it for any kind of hand held work. So there you have it, build a small opening on the base, and gain a lot of control over the workpiece, or create a monster opening, capable of large bits, and your workpiece can fall into it. Get the Bosch, (even though it is louder than the Fein) Get the Fein, and get the Makita D-Handle. Each is a blessing for its own purpose. Oh and get a Porter Cable Laminate trim router as well, for those small light jobs. I'm not trying to spend your money, just that each has its own advantages and disadvantages. Too many to write here. The Makita D Handle is on its way, and I will be writing about some of the specifics on that one as compared to the others herein mentioned. Tune in over there soon.  Am I allowed to say that the German engineering on the Fein Rt 1800 is of the best. Simple, and effective. Engineered to simplicity. That is the way this router is made. Strong, simple, effective. If woodworking is your love, then this tool is worthy of your attention. Out of all of my tools, there is none other, that I am as fond of, as this Fein Router. Stay tuned the Makita D handle challenge is coming. Happy woodworking.     