 The Bosch Worm Drive Construction saw is so well made, that you might want to put it behind glass for awhile. You can tell this is a quantum leap in quality. The fit, the finish, the exactness are all there. Fresh out of the box, I took a 2x6, set the blade depth, and hand cut through it without a guide. Then I took the Bosch Digital Protractor, and measured the angle of the cut. (Another highly recommended item. It measures in tenths of a degree, which is equal to 3600 dots in a circle, no matter how small the circle.) When I measured the angle of the cut, just using the factory set detent for 90 degrees (plunged all the way to the end) it measured 89.9 degrees. That is accurate to within a tenth of a degree. There is an allen wrench able, threaded stop that you can adjust for that detent. So I could tweak it to totally perfect if I want to get the last tenth of a degree. For now it is sufficient :-) It is nice that Bosch takes the time to accurately set up the saw from the factory.  The nice thing about the cut in the 2x6 was that it was super smooth, just using the 24 tooth, very sharp blade that comes with the saw. Almost imperceptible saw marks anywhere on the edge. That is something for a non-edge guided handheld circular saw. It didn't even slow down, and no need to put on ear protection to use it. If I can exaggerate, and only a little, this thing is about as quiet as an electric can opener. The geared transmission gives it a smooth, slower spin rate, that is able, thanks to the gear reduction, to plow through anything. I have never met a saw that cut with such ease.  The other thing is that this saw almost guides itself. I don't exactly know why, but I have had to fight to keep a line on lesser saws. This one keeps the line for you, or at least it seems that way.  I am going to mount it to the Tru-Grip Pro FTR series clamping edge guide. With 2, 4, and 8 foot models, using their saw base plate, you can easily, and accurately rip a 4x8 sheet of plywood, or any size material. They also make a router base plate, and stop for that system.  The nice thing about the Bosch Worm Drive is it has a threaded hole in the base for mounting the available edge guide. Between that, and the other 3/8" hole in the base, I can easily mount, and dismount it to the Tru Grip system, or the Bosch edge guide. That way I can use it freehand, and when I want to install it to the Tru Grip system, it is only two screws, without having to drill holes in the base. The Tru Grip Pro Series with the saw base plate, gives you table saw accuracy, out in the field. No slight off angles, leaving saw marks in your work. You could build furniture with this thing, or use it to rip through any size wood.  I also checked the accuracy of the base plate to the blade, as in is the edge of the base plate exactly parallel to the blade. If it is off, when used as the edge for your guide, it will bind your blade, burn your wood, and constantly revolt by kicking back at you. The results, the right side base plate is perfectly true to the blade. So there is no off angle from the front of the blade, to the back of the blade, relative to the base plate.  I know you probably think I'm nuts writing about this level of exactness in a circular saw, but that is just how accurate this thing is. What this all means is that when you are powering through a two by twelve, this thing sings right through it. Yes it does sing. The sound it makes is chimes. Now you really think I'm nuts. But check it out. I guess you can tell I love this saw. Just click on the picture, and blow it up on your screen, and see what I am talking about. This isn't a saw it's artwork! Fine is the artist that loves his tools as well as his work, and this saw is worthy of your attention. Highly recommended. Costs a little more than the competition, but every dime is put into the saw.     