 Recently on the New Yankee Workshop with Norm Abrams I saw the show called, "French Side Table" In it Norm makes a Table out of Black Walnut. The interesting thing is that he glued up the table top without the use of biscuits this time, because the area of the biscuit would shrink over time creating a divot. The nature of biscuits is that they are fitted into a slot made by the biscuit joiner, and the biscuit is rather a loose fit. Even with the expansion of the biscuit from the glue it still doesn't fill the entire void. Furthermore the glue shrinks again when it fully cures. So that leads me to these dowels.    I had bought the Dowelmax complete jig system, who also sells these Expansible Dowel Pins. The Dowelmax creates a perfect fitting dowel. The precision of the tool, and the perfect fit that is created by these dowels, results in a fit so snug that the surfaces of the wood are in perfect alignment with one another. As I state in my review for the Dowelmax, the surfaces are so perfectly flush on every plane that you think you are running your hands over one piece of wood.    These dowels are compressed. What that means is that they take a slightly oversized piece of wood and compress it. When glue is applied and the joint is put together, the dowel gradually absorbs the glue and expands. This creates an incredibly tight joint.     OMS Tool Company should send some of these to the New Yankee Workshop. It ideally solves the problem that Norm is experiencing with the biscuits on table tops. Since the Dowelmax has included with the kit, a perfect registration system, and guide pins that enable you to create as many dowels as you want, over as great an area as you would like, all in perfect registration to one another.    So the advantage to this system for table tops is twofold. One there isn't any voids like with a biscuit that could later result in a divot in the top. Secondly, the fit of the dowel and its hole are so exact that it helps you to get the various boards used in the glue up, all aligned with one another. You know the problem is misalignment of glued up boards and unless you have a large and expensive production sander, you have to hand sand the seams resulting in an uneven top.    I like the glue up joint bit sold by leading router bit manufacturers to solve that problem, but the Dowelmax takes it a step further with added joinery strength.    Overall I highly recommended these expansible dowel pins, and the complete Dowelmax system.     