   These Leecraft inserts are perfectly flat and perfectly true right out of the wrapper. I bought three of these for my Powermatic 66 and one from another supplier for my vintage Sears Table Saw. (Leecraft also)   I bought some inserts from a cheaper supplier and they were warped when I received them. I could straighten them out, but they remembered the bow and went back to that rather quickly. Get Leecraft.   They have the adjusting allen head studs so you can get it perfectly flat with your saws top. Unlike the PMatic factory inserts, these are flat and true. If you take your factory insert, turn it upside down on the cast iron saw top, and press down on the corners, sure enough it will rock. The Leecraft doesn't do that.    The factory inserts have the advantage of working with all different size blade thicknesses. They also work if you are tilting the blade, to a 45 degree angle for example. These zero clearance inserts do not do that. You have to buy a new one for every type of blade and angle. (Unless you are willing to defeat the zero clearance advantage.)    Preventing saw dust from flying in the air is reduced but not eliminated. The dust riding around in the pocket of the teeth, gets flung in the air all the same.    I picked one up to use for my dado blade and have a new one on standby for the next dado setting. The problem is that unless you have several of these, one for every possible dado setting, you're not going to be able to use them for dadoing every possible size. That is where the factory dado insert comes in. Sometimes you don't care about worrying that the wood piece can dive into the saw, or that your work piece is so small that you need a closer platform to support it. Take kerfing out large plywood sheets for cabinet sides for example. When you are doing smaller projects needing dados, having the Leecraft is great.    My advice is to pick up several of these; one for your regular blade, and two or three for your most popular dado settings.    I love the overall quality. If I had to be critical, I would say that it is annoying to hear the blade kiss off of the side of the insert when it is starting up, and also create a slight rattle as it touches it on the edges. That creates a cheaper sound, especially annoying when you are using a saw that is of the caliber of the PMatic 66. It sings normally. Leecraft in their instructions advises you to take a small file and enlarge the opening slightly to eliminate that. That is not a defect, just a consideration when first using the blade insert.    So in conclusion, get some Leecraft inserts, and make sure you have both the standard and dado inserts from the factory. Each has its own purpose. Overall, highly recommended.     