 I am blown away by this device. I first tried the free download from the Calculated Industries web site. ... It is a full blown version, without any restrictions, but stops working after 30 days. After about day 5 I knew I had to have it. By buying Construction Master Pro, instead of CM IV, you are getting a much better looking unit, with more features, a cover that mounts on the back while in use so as to not get in the way, and you are currently getting a free software version of Pro as well. All of that for only a couple more dollars than the IV version makes it a no brainer.    I am making cabinets, windows, and doors. In all of those, especially the windows, you need to do a lot of calculating in fractions. That makes the math work tedious at best. I was finding common denominators, then adding subtracting, dividing, multiplying, etc. Having to convert all along the way was a major amount of factoring. This calculator thinks in fractions as well as the standard arithmetic format. So you can insert, 8 1/8", and 3 13/64" for example, and it does all of the figuring for you. Convert your answer to board feet for material costs, is only a couple of buttons away. How many yards of concrete do I need to make the footers, no problem. I want to build an arch top doorway, and need to know the total amount of distance of the half circumference. No problem, just put in the rise at the center, and the run across the base, and it gives you every piece of information you could possibly need to know. This is just scratching the surface. This will be a tool that I will use for a long time to come. As I grow accustomed to its many capabilities, I will use it more and more,  for a wide array of applications.    Could we call this calculus? It seems like it. When you watch the included CD that comes with the included calculator software version, you will see a video tutorial that explains a lot of the functions. Some are best understood by practitioners of that specific trade, but it makes me want to learn.    How much roofing material do I need? Just put in the pitch, and the floor space, and it calculates the amount of material. How many cubic yards of soil do I need to fill in the hill leading up to a wall? How many yards of concrete do I order for a patio. Determining hip and valley rafters. What is their length, and angle, and where do you put the bird mouth? Everything is calculated, and displayed in some applications as a sub chart with all of the finished answers in the software version. So it is nice to have both. Whether you are at your desk, or in the field, every option is covered.    I highly recommend the Construction Master Pro, I can't remember when I was more excited about a tool. I can't wait to use the calculator in ever expanding roles.    The price here at Amazon was 10 or 20 percent lower than the other sources, or at best the same price as others, and included free shipping. My advice, buy it, and buy it here. I warn you though that if you download the free trial version, you will be hooked after using it only a few times.  Hope this helps.     