   Don't fear the Taiwan made machines. I just got the Powermatic 719A Mortiser, which is made in Taiwan, and I just received the 60B jointer as well, and they were superb right out of the box. Considering the condition of the Model 66 table saw I just received, I have to be a bit concerned, which is not made in Taiwan if you get my drift. It had 7 major problems with it. They were correctable, because it wasn't design problems, it was assembly problems. Obviously it was built by someone, or some many who didn't really care about what they we're doing. Total disregard would be an accurate comment. The top plate that is welded to the base, was not aligned before it was welded. Consequently I had to remove the cast iron top, and drill out the slots in the sheet metal. (You'll notice many other reviews with the same problem) It was the only way I could get an accurate alignment with the blade. The 90 and 45 degree stop settings were checked off on the quality control spec sheet, and signed, and they weren't even close. Decals installed way off, the bevel gauge was drilled and installed so far off that the readings are as much as 5 degrees off. I will have to redrill and reinstall it. The insert surrounding the blade refused to lay flush with the top, even though it had 4 adjustable allen bolts. I had to use a rubber hammer on a bench for a while to get it straightened out.  All that being said, I must admit, after spending hours getting the saw perfect, it is the most beautiful and accurate tool you could ever hope to own. I treat it like a waxed Ferrari, it is that beautiful. Also both Powermatic factory reps and Amazon Tool Crib customer service are the best in the industry. They really stand behind the product. Don't misunderstand me, if I had to do it all over again, I would buy another one in a heartbeat. It really is the best out there. That being said,    I'm now a PMatic made in Taiwan fan; Combining the dollar conversion rate, and the cost of living, with Taiwanese products experiencing a strong uplift in quality, and Powermatics insistence that they are made to their specifications, all adds up to a jointer that used to cost 1800 dollars, and now costing 1100 and hasn't lost its edge on quality. I'm sorry but I am disappointed in the obvious disdain the workers here had while building what is the best in the industry table saw.  A lot of people are buying the old made in America Powermatic machines, a lot of people are buying the new Powermatic made in Taiwan machines and I agree with both of them. To tell you the truth I don't care where they make it, I'm in love with the industrial grade quality of Powermatic equipment.  This 60B jointer is one superbly engineered and precision built piece of equipment. Even though their were a few MINOR anomalies when I first received it, it's perfect now. I love all of my Powermatic equipment, and I hope that the crews at home shed the anger and once again get back to making the very best products in the world. Highly recommended.      