 I bought this book after seeing Dr. Perricone on WHYY the educational channel. I had read Back to Eden by Jethro Kloss and was impressed with the drawings showing the skin differences between one who had a drinking to excess problem, and the same person after getting his excess under control. I have a dietetic program that I utilize that is based on non stimulating food. I notice a definite improvement in my skin when I follow it. So I was sold on the book before I read it. I learned some interesting new things in reading it. For example the effect coffee has on your complexion, and equally as important the effect it has on your weight. I still drink coffee on and off, but actually have come to prefer Green Tea instead.    I must admit that I disagree with the Dr. when he prescribes some shellfish as part of his program, considering that the risk of eating a bad piece of shellfish, which results in Hepatitis, which has a 50% mortality rate. I had an acquaintance who was the unlucky one to get the bad clam, and I don't wish to recant his experience.    My suggestion is to buy the book. Get absorbed in the idea that a diet that is rich in the abundance of the earth, will have a remarkable effect on your appearance, and overall health. Notice the condition of your skin before embarking on the program, then check it under the same lights, and mirror after a week or two. The reality is that after doing it for extended periods of time, new cells glow brightly. You will think that you are reversing time. Considering that we become new people every couple of years, due to cell reproduction, it is easy to understand that if you create an ideal clean, and abundantly healthy environment you will see new cells that are remarkably youthful. Then environment includes air pollutants (second hand smoke) as well as those found in drinking water, and the most importantly the food we eat. I strongly reccomend this book. It is technical in it's approach, but not offensibly so. I also suggest that reading two other books, will open your way of thinking about health, and healing. Those are The Okinawa Program, and Back to Eden by Jethro Kloss. I could talk for hours about that, but it would not be relevant to the review.  My suggestion, buy Dr Perricone's book, follow the diet, see the remarkable results, then decide if you would like to follow the rest of the program for any specific cosmetic condition you may have. It's an excellent read. Well deserved 5 stars, and 10 stars because it is helping so many to live healthier, happier lives.     