 I am an avid fan of Dr Dyer. I have at least a half of a dozen of his books. When I saw him on the Public Television station, I knew I had to have them. The prices were so reasonable, I bought the 6 most popular ones. I am not through all of the material. Each one of them is a new concentration and achievement. I think that they are all great, and The Power Of Intention is possibly the best of his best.   Many years ago I saw Richard Bach who wrote Jonathan Livingston Seagull on the Phil Donahue show. He said that he was walking on the beach, and the words Jonathan Livingston Seagull appeared in his mind. Then he went home and the whole book just poured out through his pen.    I saw the movie Amadeus. It was about Mozart's life. A competitor, being the kings head musician, tried as he might, could not outdo Mozart's symphonies. He was further stymied when he saw Mozart's scores without a single correction. How could anybody write a complete score, with all of those different instruments, and not have even one correction?    When I saw Dr Dyer on the public television station, he explained that unlike his other books, The Power of Intention was created without an outline, notes, or any of the usual writing aids. The whole thing just poured out.    So what is writing? Is it a spontaneous overflow of emotions? Is it our allowing of our greater selves to perform without our egos getting in the way? Or is it the willingness to be an instrument of something greater than ourselves? Our hand creates what we are given, without question, without correction, it simply just is. This intention which is in everything and available to us at all times. Many believe that all of the greatest works of art, and music, and literature are created that way.    Thanks to this book, I have begun to learn to see things at their core, as their intention. No trying to logically, or emotionally figure someone, or something out, I now am learning to look simply at the intention. Are we in touch with The Power of Intention?     Funny, this may be an oversimplification, but I am beginning to look at others in a very simple way. What are their intentions? All of their actions flow from that. The smoke screen disappears, I see with my heart instead of my eyes.    The way I am approaching this book of Dr Dyers, is a scoop at a time. I keep a bookmark, and each time I pick it up, I read enough to create an awakening, then I put it down. That usually only takes a couple of pages. His teachings are simple on the outside, yet profoundly deep and complete.    I know this review is not a blow by blow coverage of the content of the chapters, the other reviews do a good job of taking care of that.    I can't help but reflect on what happened to Leonardo De Vinci in the Agony and the Ecstasy. While working on a lesson, and repeating it again, and again, someone came over to him and said, "Are you still working on that simple task?" Leonardo replied, "A simple task for the simple minded" His critic proceeded to break his nose. The nose breaking is not what is relevant here. What is relevant is that this book, is something to not just visit and look at, but rather something to become. Keep arriving here until it becomes a part of you. The part of you that is the ultimate power, the power of intention.     I haven't finished the book yet, but I can already tell you that it is helping me to learn, helping me to realize, and helping me to come together. Forgive me for using the clich, but this is a must have.   Dr Dyer says that their are spiritually centered persons, and others whose egos are in control.    The best way to sum up this review, and its response, is to say the words written on the inner jacket of Jonathan Livingston Seagull. "To those who like to do something well, even if only for themselves, they will be with Jonathan all the way. To others, it will simply be a nice book about flight."     