 The Bosch 3107DVS 5" won top honors in a major woodworking magazine, and well deserved. It is aggressive enough to remove a lot of material fast, yet gentle enough with a reduced speed for fine work as well, thanks to the variable speed. The dust collection is perfect if hook it up to a shop vac. I use a vac with a 2 1/2" diameter hose. It is larger than the intake port on the sander, and what that does is allow the vac to pick up that one percent of the dust that escapes around the edge of the sander. Even the expensive Fein setup does not get every drop of dust. The 8 holes in the base suck up most of it, but the dust generated at the edges escapes. The 2 1/2" diameter hose, attached to a regular size roll around shop vac, leaks real bad around the fitting, so it sucks way more air than the sander allows, and that even picks up that last little bit escaping into the air.  The vibration of this sander is next to nothing. I used a cheap vibrating sander for a while, and my hands started to throb. The Bosch 3107DVS you can use for an hour with no discomfort.  All in all, it is the best sander out there. I had bought the 6" version and absolutely loved it so much, that when one of these 5" models became available to me in a deal, I grabbed it. The advantage of the 5-inch is that the paper is available locally. If you are ever in a pinch, the 6-inch paper is tough to find. By the way, buy the Mirka paper for these here at Amazon. It is a deal. The local home center sells the Norton paper, which does not hold up like the Mirka. With the Mirka here you get twice as much paper, at half again as much price. So not only does it last longer, and give you a more even job, but the upfront price is better as well. Now onto the glitch. The 3107DVS has a single screw holding the pad onto the base. That base is an oscillating cast piece with 4 indentations that accept the 4 prongs. The whole inside of the unit is well greased. Even the edge-rim that it rides on has grease on it. The problem is that the cast piece and the sanding pad are often (not always) covered with grease as well. So you have a wildly gyrating cast piece, well greased sometimes, a single screw is holding that on. They do install that screw with MEDIUM duty loctite from the factory. What I did was clean the grease off of the mating surface only with some alcohol, replaced the loctite on the screw, and added an INTERNAL tooth multi serrated lock washer to the holding nut. They sell them at Home Depot. Bring the nut with you and match it up. Bosch uses metric size bolts.  Home Depot has been making room for their newly acquired Rigid line of tools. They bought the factory. Consequently they put some of the existing line up for clearance, and this Bosch sander is one of those items.  The woodworking magazine that rated this sander the best, also gave the Porter Cable best value award. It is less money, not the same level as this Bosch, but does a nice job. If you go into spending more money, you can get the Bosch 6" which doesn't have any glitches, or the more expensive Porter Cable. Both of them are highly recommended.  So there you have it. A great sander with a glitch that can be fixed. After looking at it, you might even have something further that will prevent the pad from ever working its way loose. Once it does, then the ridges holding it in line, move beyond the indentations, and can create damage. So it is important to deal with the problem.  By the way these Bosch sanders have less vibration than the expensive Fein sanders. I love Fein equipment, I have the RT-1800 Fein router, which is best in class, and the Fein Multi-Master kit, and love it as well. But after using both sanders, I prefer these Bosch's for their lower vibration, and equally aggressive material removing capabilities.  So if you want the best for less, get the Bosch. The glitch is why I gave it 4 stars. Hope this helps.     