 First and foremost is the action. In the guitar world, some guitars have great action. They are easy to play, and have the least amount of resistance. That is exactly what I like about this Logitech. I went into Office Max and tried several different keyboards, including the high-end Microsoft models. As soon as I felt the keys on this Logitech I was hooked.  Some keyboards have high sitting keys that take extra time and effort to push down. The height here is just right. You can fly with this one. It is also lightweight. I have been using a corded Logitech, and it is heavy.  The features are great as well. The audio presets, with a large master volume control are great. The convenient scroll wheel, and up and down paddles off to the left are convenient. I am still learning all of the features built in.  What really rocked my boat, was when I saw it in Office Max, it was priced at half again as much money as it sells for here in Amazon. On top of that, no tax, and free shipping. Buy it.  The one final consideration is that the laser model is out, and it is sporting a lithium battery, but it is twice the money. The LX700 comes with a NMhd, which was all the rave a year ago. The charging/receiving station is convenient, and does a great job. When I am done using the computer, I put the mouse in the charging station. No problem. The keyboard takes a couple of regular batteries and will last for months. Once again, no problem.  Pertaining to the comments about joining the LX700 for the better price, and then buying the stand-alone laser mouse, and then having two mice, is an error. The receiving/charging station is necessary to run the keyboard as well. So you can't switch them around, unless they are receiving on the same channel.  My feeling is save the money, and buy the LX700 here. You can type and use the mouse from 20 feet away, so this is not like the early cordless sets, that had a range less than 6 feet.  Simply put this is the best keyboard I have ever used. The action is the best out of them all, and the features can't be beat. For this kind of money, it is a no brainer. I wish I had something negative to say about the keyboard, but I don't know of any. Highly recommended. Buy it you won't be sorry.     