 I bought two of these, and when I purchased them, I thought what a great idea. I have the Quick Grips, and like the ease of use. When I saw that these took the quick grip principle and took it a step farther, with a screw vise, I jumped at buying them. I saw Norm Abrams on TV using the Bessey Super Grip clamp style, and then discovered these Powergrips. It seemed to me the Powergrips would be a better idea, than having to squeeze, adjust, and squeeze adjust, the way you do with vice grips, and the way the super grip Besseys work. I saw in an eariler taped show, that Norm felt the same way, he used the Powergrips also. He now uses the Super Grips, and I am sorry I didn't buy those instead.    Ok so onto the clamp. It has plenty of torque, but unfortunately, the little knob on the back of the clamp, which is designed to release the clamp for readjusting, turns out to be a little bear to work. It takes a decent amount of finagiling to get it to work. It is not that the button does not work, it is more of a feeling that the whole procedure is hanging up, due in part to the criticalness of the alignment of the shaft creating a binding. Not something you want to do, when you anticipated a quick grip release. Additionally, as others have mentioned, you have to be careful to leave a certain amount of thread distance open, so that when you want to release the clamp, you can. It is easy to simply pump up the quick grip feature, up to the edge of your work, then finish the job with the screw clamp. If you have that screw device, bottomed out, and you use it as a quick grip, their is no way to get that dysfunctional in the first place, release knob to let go. This clamp depends on unscrewing the clamp to release it. No problem as long as you remember to leave some thread space, and not bottom it out. It is a bad enough problem that you would have to hacksaw the clamp apart if you ever tightened it up that way. Logically, you could be prone to do that. It is natural, once you are accustomed to quick grips, that you squeeze the handle repeatedly until you tighten it up against your work surface. If  you don't set the screw tightener with enough thread to do the release job, your screwed. The problem gets worse, when you realize that each time you release the clamp by unscrewing it, your are running it closer, and closer to the no thread situation. So you have to kind of be afraid of the clamp, and continually check to be sure you have not unthreaded it all the way.    I, like Norm Abrams, find the Supergrips to be more useful, for the above reasons. All in all, if the release knob was easier to use, and it was made in such a way, so that when tightened, the release knob would actually release the entire clamp, then it would be a winning situation.    My hat is off to Bessey for their entire clamping tool line, but they need to upgrade this design with a better release mechanism. Somewhere in the future, a pair of Supergrips will be in the making for me. I still use these powergrips, and do kind of like them, albeit I have to break my concentration while using them to make sure of not getting trapped without thread space, and not being able to use them with one hand, except to squeeze them together. That release knob on the back takes two hands to use. One on the clamps, and a separate one to work the knob area.    Enough said, don't let the concept fool you. Hope this helps.     