 I must say that combining the 3 1/4HP, with an opening that is 3 3/4 inches wide, and the unique spring disabling mechanism, make this beauty the number one under the table piece of equipment. The 3 and 1/4HP gives you more than enough power to handle even the large 3 1/2" popular kitchen cabinet panel raising bits. The larger opening, gives you plunge capabilities with the larger bits. Larger bits require multiple passes. Their are two ways to make multiple passes, one is move the fence, the other is use the adjustable turret, and sequentially plunge the bit. The Bosch 1619EVS enables you to do that. That is not an option is usually available on other routers due to their reduced openings.  The other thing to rave about is the spring defeat mechanism. Push a lever and the spring disappears from action. It free plunges, while still remaining in the base.  (The new Australian model does that, but you have to remove the spring. No fun in a dusty environment.) This is important, because, when you have a router mounted upside down in a table, and you want to plunge the base, what often happens is that you lift the entire table. Now you are trying to compress a spring upside down, while holding the table down, and locking a mechanism all at the same time. It is enough to make you go to a fixed base router. :-) The problem with that is, except with the Porter Cable 3 1/4HP fixed base, their isn't any other routers out there that give you 3 1/4HP without going to a plunge base. In a table you preferably want the additional horsepower, even though you usually don't need more than 1 1/2 or 2 horses.   The soft start feature, and having the smart electronics, combined with more power than you need, enables you to have a constant bit speed. When the going gets rough, the smart electronics pours on just the right amount of power, to keep it running constant. That is as long as their is enough power to spare. So the additional horsepower is better for that.  The big advantage of the Bosch router line, is their fine adjustment knob. Nothing is more frustrating than to try and achieve a perfect setting, getting it close, then loosening the collar, and it jumps completely away from where you had it. The Bosch enables you to get a close gross setting with the collar-clamp, then dial in the perfect setting with the fine adjusting knob. No need to loosen the clamp. Just tweak the fine adjuster. That is sweet.  What are the cons? No router has it all. That is why multiple routers are a good option. On the downside, is the weight. It is huge. At 19 pounds, it's a behemoth, but under the table, who cares. It also is louder than the competition. Makitas are the quietest. Also the Fein RT-1800 is much quieter, much lighter at 12 pounds, gives you 3 1/4HP in a plunge, is super engineered, but you can not plunge a 3 1/2" bit into the base, and the spring does not defeat. The funny thing about noise levels, is that they all make a lot of noise when they start biting into the wood.  So their you have it. Combining the fine adjustment, with the large horsepower, the extra large opening in the base, the spring defeat feature, and the Bosch precision quality, you have a monster that can not be beat for an under the table installed router.  I'm not into yeah this, and boo that. I think their are a lot of great routers out there, and each has it's own advantages. I just think this Bosch fits a much needed nitch. Hope this helps.     