 I received the RT-250 about a week ago...This is EXACTLY 27" deep, front to back. The big advantage for me is that I did not have an extension out the side of the saw. Now I do, and it doubles as a router table. A very precise one at that... I had to use the installation kit, which is $15. ...The great thing is that I went from being able to cut only a 9" wide board on my table saw, and still use the fence, to being able to cut an 18" board, using the fence that came with the router table.     I am able to use the crosscut fence, that came with the saw, on the face of the router table also , because the slot in the router table is exactly 3/4", the same size as the one that came with the table saw.  The router table, comes with adjustable screws all along the 3/4" fence track, and they are about every 2 inches apart. You are able to adjust the play in the track, so your fence rides PRECISELY along it...The ultimate router combination with this table is the new Bosch 1617EVSPK, which is a combo pack, with a plunge base, and a fixed base, and the motor, very easily, slides out of one and into the other. Why is this so compatible? Because the plate that comes with the the RT-250 is made out of thick plexiglas. (Unless you buy the optional heavy metal one for $90) The manufacturer advises you to not leave a heavy router of more than 2 HP, installed in the plexy plate for long periods of time. If you are not using it for awhile then remove it.  No problem the plexy mounting plate is held into the table with only 2 heavy screws, so for long term, you simply remove the plate. That of course leaves a big hole in the table. Something you can fall in when making table saw cuts. The solution, save the money from buying the optional metal mounting plate, and buy the Bosch 1617EVSPK. The motor is easily removable from the super light fixed aluminum base that you leave mounted. Then you have the option popping the motor into the separate and included plunge base, thereby giving you another handheld router to use. Then the hole it leaves is a little two inch one. (Approxiamately)  If you want to not change your settings, and keep the motor in the table for a long period of time, that is not a problem. Yu can remove the motor, with just the two screws holding the plexy plate into the table, and later on reinsert it, while still maintaining perfect settings. The router mounting plate is just that precise.    As a matter of fact,in keeping with Bench Dog super critical tolerances, they give you 12 under that table mounting lugs that are fully adjustable, which press against the underside of the router mounting plate, just to make sure you can adjust the plate PRECISELY FLUSH to meet with the router top face. Phew, you have to respect that kind of precision. Something hard to find in the world of tool making. I guess that is why Fine Woodworking rated them number one... It went from the worst condition tool in my shop, to the nicest showpiece...There are not linear measurements with the RT-250. At first I was disappointed. How am I going to get the Bench Dog fence parallel to the edge of the table. Then I read the directions, and I have to agree. It doesn't make any difference. The fence has to be true to the bit, not to the edge of the table. You can even loosen just one screw on the fence , and make fine adjustments with it.  (You can use a T square to make it perfectly parallel to the edge of the table. That is only neccessary if you are ignoring the router fence, and using the crosscut-t-square fence that comes with your table saw to move your work past the router bit, in the 3/4" groove/track in the router table.)  I love the included plexy mounting plate. With the Bosch fixed base which will stay permenantly mounted to it, the two large maple handles that come with the Bosch 1617, show right through the glass... What is important? The fact that you can get this table to mount precisely to the your saw. Perfectly flat, perfectly level, and smooth with the top.    Even the mounting nuts and bolts that hold it from underneath to the edge, of your saws table, are adjustable due to the adapter plate that comes with it.   The optional attachments make this even a more valuable addition to your shop. The Bench Dog feather lock, and  panel lock options, give you work tie down, and feathering capabilities you would have a hard time replicating on your own. I know featherboards are makable, but the combo, with precise fitting flanges mounting into your router table, with a simple twist of the knobs, and standard table saw grooves, make these something you will want to get for your other equipment as well. No super reaching clamps to have to contend with... Last note, the fence is easily removable, and stores quickly using the two hooks which are provided for that purpose. So if you are using it for routing, or turning it around to use it as a long distance fence from your saw blade, it is quickly and easily removed/replaced with just a twist of the two large wing nut locking knobs located on the top/sides of the fence.   If you're short on floor space, need a precise router table, and need an extension for your existing table saw, or are willing to replace the extension you have, then this is the one for you.    Have you ever experienced the frustration of spending a lot of time getting a perfect setting, then quickly cutting your piece, only to have to spend a lot more time getting your next setting, then making a mistake, and needing the first setting all over again? The solution, get multiple tables.  Set em, then set em aside. Go on to the next table. You won't lose any settings. Makes short of a lot of work. The RT 250 makes for a nice addition for that.    That is what the RT-250 is, my third table. Professional router instruction books tell you that three tables are recommended just for that reason. Yes, that and a separate handheld. That is what I now have.. precise, fine fit, and finish, make this a welcome addition to your shop. I am sure it will last for a long long time. Happy woodworking! I hope this was helpful.     