 Fortunately their isn't a lot to say about the Linksys USB 4 Port Hub. Why? Because it is the simplest, and best solution to the problem of hooking up all of your USB gear to your computer. It comes with a separate power supply, which is a transformer, plugging into the hub. You can use it without the transformer, but single powering multiple USB devices, running just off of the power coming from the computer can cause problems, depending on the device. So it is self powered. Or you can use it by itself without the adapter hooked up, then it runs off of your computers power.  I am using mine without the AC adapter, because it causes the Smart Card Reader to stay on, even when the computer is shut off. If I turned off my power strip every time, this would not be a factor, but I don't, so I use it without the adapter. Then when I fire up the computer, the devices are powered. Some reports state that some digital camera smart card readers are prone to not working without a second power source. Mine works fine working off of the computer power alone. So that is the simplest for me. Anyhow, you have either option with this unit, they supply the ac adapter, and the instructions state that it works either way.  It also includes a single USB cable, which hooks the hub up to your computers USB port. Then you have 4 powered USB ports on the Linksys unit to hook up all of your gear. You can even daisy link these to get up to 127 devices hooked to one machine.   Having the hub easily reachable from your desk, instead of having to go plug hunting under your desk in your pc is worth the price of this unit alone. I looked at 4 port hubs at the local office supply, and the price was more by twenty percent, then this unit even including the shipping.   Nothing to load, nothing to configure. (I use W98 second edition) Just plug it in, boot up and Windows auto recognizes it, and uses standard windows drivers. It doesn't come with a disc, because it doesn't need one.   A few reviewers mentioned that all of the little lights come on when you power up. They thought that was a waste, wishing for it to light up only when each channel was in use. The instructions state that the lights flicker based on each channels use. Not that this is even important.   It's a great little hub. No nonsense. Works they way I wish everything worked. Great and simply. Buy it. I'm glad I did.     