 I counted the number of arrival scans-load and unload, and it totaled six from West Coast to the East Coast where I live. I was afraid of damage, whereas I have encountered that before with UPS when shipping heavier items. The gamble paid off, the box went through the storm, with the flaps loose, and the corners buggered by the time it arrived, but the contents were perfect. I measured the foam it is wrapped in, and the outer surfaces are 7/8" to 1 3/4" thick, and the internal foam is as much as 3" thick. The corners of the foam were separated in the box, but everything was intact and unscathed. So go for it, a lot more people are getting good ones than are damaged. Why do you think they call is UPS? It stands for Unbelievably Pulverized Shipments. :-)    Now about the Hollow Chisel Mortiser. Set up is very easy, the directions are clear, and more importantly the mortiser is one beautiful piece of equipment, especially considering the price. Cast iron base and column. It comes with brass adjusters to set the tightness of the motor in its vertical movement. Too tight, it's tough to move, too loose, and it can wobble offline. Set it right and it travels perfectly without any play.     First step is to wipe the cosmolene off of the bare cast iron, nicely ground surfaces using kerosene. (A solvent made from oil. As per the manual, don't use lacquer thinner unless you want rust.) Then wax. Next step I broke out a Bosch Digital Protractor, which measures angles in tenths of a degree. (Equal to 3600 dots in a circle.) With the fence tightened for action, it measured 89.9 degrees on both sides. For all intents and purposes, that's perfect. After finishing the assembly, I installed one of the included bits, and aligned it using a square piece of wood. As per the instructions, using the back of the square flat plane on the chisel, you align it then tightened the chisel with an Allen wrench. Then I set the depth rod stop to the desired depth, and made a series of plunges. The hold down clamp kept the work from lifting, and it created a very even mortise with a clean beautiful line. The edge had absolutely no chop.    The nice thing about the fence, is that it is adjusted front to back with a single knob, that is attached to it with a set of teeth along a bar, that mates up to the gear attached to the large handle. By having the movement occur from an attachment in the center, their is no off axis in the movement. Once you move it to the proper alignment for your mortise, it has two locking arms one on each side to lock it into position.     This mortiser is one beautiful piece of equipment. It is the best mortiser out there in this price range. I was making mortises with a router using an upward spiral bit. Although it creates perfect mortises, it requires a lot of set up time. This Hollow Chisel Mortiser does a great job, is quick to set up, and looks great in the shop.     Overall highly recommended. Triple AAA plus 5 stars.     