 This is a revamp of a previous review. I wasn't sure whether to order one after reading the other reviews, and after visiting the Wizard web site. Well I broke down and ordered one, and I am glad that I did. I noticed that they eliminated the large adjusting knob on the face of the unit. The plastic form pack and instructions that it is shipped in still have the bulge, where the knob used to go, and the cardboard placard still has the instructions on how to use the missing knob. Before it had the large fine adjusting knob, and a recessed fine adjust screw what was used to get the large knob within adjusting range.    Adjusting is simple now. With the single recessed screw, you simply hold it up in the air and turn the screw until it starts to squeal, then back it off just enough for it to get quiet. Now you are at the maximum sensitive setting. It is intuitive and simple enough, that you don't mind, setting it, every time you use it.     Next I wanted to check the accuracy of the unit. I took an aluminum screw and parked it under a 2x4. When I passed it over the squeal rang out. Good there, then I put the screw under two 2x4s, and it didn't find it. Hey if it is buried 3" deep, I wouldn't normally need to be concerned about it. The instructions call for passing over both sides of the wood, so that would cover even a piece of metal inside of a 3" piece of wood. Then I went over to a piece of 3/4 oak, and put a small brass screw under it, it rang out. Then I put it under two 3/4" pieces of wood it rang out again. Under three it failed to notice it. So the unit is great for depths up to 1 1/2".    The other thing worth mentioning is that this is a rather large unit, with the last 7" containing the sensor area. Since the sensor runs along the length of the unit, as compared to across the face, you get much better results, when making a pass that brings the length of the piece of metal into the length of the sensor. So you want to be sure and pass the detector over the same area at right angles to one another.    Sorry for mentioning the obvious but the larger the piece of metal, the easier it is to detect.    Pertaining to the battery holder, I noticed that a reviewer was having trouble with that. I don't know if that was improved over the earlier unit, but the way it is now is great. It removes easily, and reinstalls easily as well. You simply push in the tab and it pops right out. When reinstalling it, you simply push it back in until is snaps in place. I expect to get a lifetime of dependable use out of it.    The manufacturer suggests that you remove the battery when it is not in use, so that is why some people were not getting a lot of use out of a single battery. With the ease of removing the battery, makes this a no hassle procedure. Simply put, you don't mind having to remove it.    In conclusion I have to say that I now highly recommend the Wizard Detector. It is easy to use, works dependably, even when testing it on different pieces of wood. Considering the price of buying an airport security level of detector, makes this Wizard a no brainer. I don't know how it worked before, but this new upgraded unit does the job I was hoping it would. Buy it you won't be sorry.     