 At first I was disappointed when opening the box to find that the SS2875XL was black instead of the blue gray as shown in the picture. I like the blue to brighten up the shop. Anyhow, I quickly got over it when I discovered just how substantially this stand is made. Much thicker metal than the stands you see at major retailers.   Assembly is a breeze. It comes with both sides pre-assembled. So the sides with the wings are already attached and ready to go. All you have to do is install the top and bottom trays, the measuring-stop system, and wheels. The trays have two bolts and nuts in each corner. After hand tightening, you use a tape measure, and cross measure to make sure it is square. Then tighten it up. The cross brace keeps it true. Then you turn it over and install the wheels, using a block of wood and a hammer. They are meant to go in an never come out, unless you insist they do. The locking mechanism on the wheels is very accurate. They lock and unlock easily with a foot lever, and it holds the unit true-no moving.   This thing is a monster. When they call it the XL model, that definitely stands for EXTRA LARGE. I love it. When it folds down, it conveniently takes up a lot less space, but when fully extended by simply lifting up the wings on each side, it has a 9 foot width.   The stop system (something they call the stop system, which is actually the well made aluminum track) has two stops and two measuring tapes, one for long stock, and one for short, and they are super heavy duty. No bending a measurement. It has the clear plastic with a hairline measuring line. Everything on this unit is adjustable, so you can set it up accurately, and still tweak it in the future. That is thanks to the quad T-mounting slots under the stop system. Choose which one lines up with the fence on your saw, then for extra adjustment, they provide slotted out grooves, so you can slide the bolts front or back to perfectly align the fence-guide system to your saw. Additionally the wings have a slide adjustment on them so you can tweak them to create a perfectly flat and level stand alongs it's entire 9 foot length. The upper tray that holds your saw, has the same option, multiple mounting holes, and slotting to zero in the final setting, thereby giving you a perfectly flat mating to your saws base.   One thing that is important. I am using a Makita LS1212 on it, and that requires an optional bracket. If your saw is larger than most, check with the listing in Amazon.com's Tool Crib catalogue for the part. It is available via 800 number and phone order with Visa card etc. Even though the table on this unit is large, the Mikita base extends out the back of it. So the optional kit is neccessary. The kit is not available online.   The SS2875XL is not designed for portable use. It does have an optional larger wheel kit, but this thing is 87 pounds. Add to that my 48.5 pound saw, and you can see that hauling around a 120 pound unit, is not what you want to carry up and down the stairs. What this is, is a great unit for the shop. That is what Rousseau calls it in their catalogue that you will get with your stand. They call it a "Shop Style" stand. They have the Porta Max, and the quick fold stand if you want lighter weight, and large wheels. If I had to be portable, I think their portable unit like model 2950 is better made than the lightweight units available on the market. They give you one wing that is the same as the SS2875XL, and the other wing is like the single roller that you see on the Dewalt stands on both sides. On the left side wing, you can get the optional stop system-measuring, which is very accurate, probably the most accurate of the portables. It also gives you the advantage of a left side rack that you can place all different size boards on without having to readjust a single roller every time. It is a complete wing like the shop stand.   So there you have it. What are your needs? It would be nice to have the shop space, and be able to install a permenant miter saw with complete support out both sides. That takes up a lot of space. On the other end of the spectrum is the super lightweight portables, that are more limited in their usability, and without built in measuring systems. The SS2875XL is the ultimate answer for handling space concerns, and still getting dead on accuracy. It rolls around so easily, and is relatively compact with the wings folded down. The wings fold down so easily, with a single stop button that needs to be pushed in, and holds very well. I pop the wings up and down, just for the fun of doing it, it is that easy. It is also a super accurate stand, in holding up substantial pieces of wood, (I wouldn't hesitate to put a 12 foot 2x12 on it for cutting) and still give you hairline cutting accuracy when you want to build furniture or make any type of cut. That's quite an accomplishment. My hat is off to Rousseau. This is one first class piece of equipment.     