 If you have ever hassled with trying to install hinges on a non pre-hung door, you are familiar with the challenge. Figuring out the proper layout of the hinges on the door. Trying to take a single templet and align it perfectly straight up in order to prevent an off angle hinge. Trying to mount that templet at exactly the correct amount of depth to get a uniform edge. Routing without a glitch, or even moreso hand scribing an edge, then chiseling a flat base. Even if all of that goes perfectly, then we have the challenge of transferring those settings to the jamb in order to hang the door. How do we close the door on the hinge and scribe out the edge of the hinge onto the jamb. Opening the jamb and laying the hinges on it kinda works, but then how do you keep the distance correct for the clearance of let's say 1/8 inch at the top of the door. In plain words using the door with the hinges mounted is a rough way of getting the job done.    What Bosch does with this kit, is give you three adjustable for hinge size templates for routing, that are attached, and once again adjustable. You can preset the distance between the hinges, and be sure that the templates will be perfectly upright. No off angles, which is all too often the case without this kit. Once you attach the entire apparatus, with the built in pins you rout away. Then you remove the kit from the door, attach it to the hinge jamb and rout away.    This is an all metal kit that should give you years of service.     So why not just buy pre-hung doors and not bother to deal with it? The problem is that in order to trim the jamb to the thickness of the wall, you have to remove it from the door, disassemble it, then run it through the table saw, then reattach it. Or, in the event of a wall thicker than the pre-hung jamb, having to live with a seam, or a very large molding to cover it. With this kit, you can buy doors that are not pre-hung, and buy jamb boards that are wider than the jamb, trim them to size on your saw, then assemble for installation. Additionally you might want to create your jamb out of something other than the standard pine.    My hat is off to the Bosch engineers for designing this one. A complicated job made simple. Highly recommended. This tool falls in the category of most favored tools. It solves all of the problems.     