 I just bought one of these, the Delta 34-183 Tenoning Jig, and I mean to tell you that I am in love with this piece of equipment. I recently acquired an old Walker Turner 16" Band saw made out of cast iron weighing over 600 pounds, and this tenoning jig reminds me of that old world level of craftsmanship.  This is a well-built, superbly engineered piece of equipment. I feel it would help you in your buying decision, and in properly setting up the piece of equipment, and avoiding the mistake that many others have made in stripping the base Allen bolts in setting it up, resulting in them having to return the piece of equipment. The allen wrench that comes with the jig is good for all of the allen wrench bolts, except the one that is buried in the base. That one is accessable through a hole in the base plate. It may be metric. You will notice some play in the allen bolt. Break out your allen wrenches and find one that fits perfectly. That nut is super well torqued down. Additionally, the problem that others are having with the 90 degree setting is solved by doing something different than the instructions call for. It's been awhile, and this is the 4th time I have submitted this review, and earlier attempts at complete setup have been non published, or edited out, so I am getting weary, and losing energy to try again, but essentially what you need to do is adjust the measuring guide to 90 degrees first, then tighten the bottom of the fence, and not the other way around, like the instructions call for. That way you get a perfect fit, and no having to shave washers and the like. ....  I have to say that I was hesitant to buy the Delta tenoning jig after reading the reviews. Nothing could be a bigger mistake. Buy this jig.   If you love it, and spend time in the instruction manual, you will realize it is well written, and setting it up, is a dream. A dream in engineering heaven. I know that tenons will pour out of this device perfectly. As I practice sliding the sled over the table-saw, I can feel the wood shaving off the finely honed carbide teeth of the blade, and this jig keeping the work piece, perfectly flat, perfectly parallel to the blade.   Anyhow, thanks for your time. I only write when I feel strongly about something. This Delta tenoning jig is something to feel strongly about. I know that 100 years from now, when they are clearing the dust off of my tools, that jig will be there, probably unrusted because I didn't wash the cosmolene off with a solvent, but merely wiped it off with a paper towel. :-)     