 I have been looking to upgrade my 14.4 cordless when the batteries expire. For the cost of two batteries, you might as well buy a kit with a new drill. The new Makita with NMH batteries got my attention. They were giving more drill time and charged in 45 minutes instead of 90 minutes like the NiCads. I also liked the ergonomically designed handle. It felt good in my hands-very comfortable.   Then my brother got wind of this Milwaulkee, and now I am sold. I own a corded hammer drill from Milwaukee, and never experienced that level of torque before. It caught a bit, and almost broke my wrist. When I went over to the local Milwaukee factory store, I got a better introduction to this cordless 14.4. First it had the ergonomics that I like in the handle grip, just like the Makita. At 460 in/lbs of torgue it outperfoms the Makita which is only 340. The 14.4 and the 18 volt are simply the highest torques-strongest cordless drills on the market today in their respective voltages. Additionally this newly introduced Milwaukee has advanced battery technology. They took the NiCads to the next level. Milwaukee is able to get the recharge time down to 1 hour, while still maintaining the longer life expectancy of NiCads. The NiMh batteries have a shorter shelf-usage life. Something to consider with the hefty cost of replacement.   So some technical stuff. The Milwaukee has ALL copper windings in the motor. The yellow guys have a metal mix in the coils. Net result, more cost to build one but yielding more reliability and muscle. Additionally it has more gears. More gears with finer teeth, result in less polish-sliding-resistance on the gears. The gears are all metal, with a metal housing. A big competitor gives you metal gears in a plastic housing.   Another interesting note is that is does not weigh any more than its competitors in the 14.4 range.   The large 1/2" capacity chuck jaws are serrated carbide. Imagine that carbide teeth in a drill. No slip there, and they have a single sleeve on the outside, so you can run the drill to tighten the bit. No having to stop and grab two sleeves to get a good grip.   So there you have it. Reversing drill, two speed capabilities, more power, more reliability, quicker recharge times, great ergonomics in the handle, a nice price, and now even better with the special going on for a free extra battery or car charger. I'm becoming a devout Milwaukee fan, and the big red is easy to differentiate on the job site, when everyone else has their yellows recharging. Helps to not have your new battery "accidentally" swapped out with an old one. Just don't tell your buddies about the torque, otherwise you will start to see a lot of big reds showing up. :-)     