 If your starting out or a seasoned fully equipped woodworker, this is one piece of equipment, that you will wonder how you ever did without. At first I was disappointed like so many others that their wasn't even a tube mount on the head to hook up your hoses to. It is really nothing more than a stamped out piece of plastic that will accept your 4" hoses. After going through the duct tape, and band clamps, with less than stellar results, I came to the conclusion (duh) that the coiling action of a 4" hose is the right size to wind it into the opening. Thereby creating a screw the hose in, effect. I also used the 4" Jet wire clamps on the inside, just to make sure it would not gradually slip out. The fit is rather tight, and leaks very little air. No tape or anything else is neccessary. Makes for a clean professional looking fit. Wish they had put that in the instructions to begin with. It seems so obvious now, but who would know then?  The real benefit to this unit, is that it takes a nightmare problem, and makes it a piece of cake. It works great with a standard 4" dust collection system. Myself personally, I already had a 6HP Sears 16 gallon shop vac. To the shop vac which has a 2 1/2" hose, I hook up the Jet adapter bringing it up to 4". I also use a Y adapter, and gates, to enable me to hook it up to two pieces of equipment at a time. I have a lot of equipment in a small shop, with everything mounted on universal bases. So I roll out what I need, hook it up to the dust collection. Cramped for space, my shop vac sits under my lathe table.  The nightmare before getting the Woodstock unit, is that with a 16 gallon shop vac, and using the planer, it loads up with chips after one good size board. Then I have to remove the lid, and dump, and comb the filter and start over. Makes planing boards a hassle. With the Woodstock unit. I plane several boards, before it is even half full. My friends are amazed when I show them the half full Woodstock unit, and the shop vac has less than a cup, of material in it. The filter does collect the fine airborne powder.  The ease of dumping the 32 gallon galvanized trash can (not included but super cheap available locally) can't be overstated. A quick flip, into a larger plastic trash can, lined with a large trash bag, and right back on the unit.  Another thing worth mentioning, is that this Woodstock W1049 is so light, that it is a good idea to weigh the top down. I use a 10 pound lifting weight. It is round and fits neatly into the center, is easy to grab when unloading the chips, and more than adequately secures the top down to the can without lifting, or allowing any leaks. I tried lining the can with a trash bag, but it does not work. The vacuum brings the trash bag/liner up to the vac hole and clogs it. Without the trash bag, the smooth sides of the galvanized can allow the large chips to slide easily out and into the bag lined, larger can.  This unit could be built with more sophisticated methods for securing it to the can, and outlet tubes for securing the pipe, but then the price of the unit would rise. I like it just the way it is. After using it, if for any reason you lost it, you would climb mountains to obtain another one. Can't live without it, it is just that beneficial.     