 I looked at a lot of right angle drills before choosing this one. My needs are to be able to drill holes for wiring etc, in floor joists, and also being able to access cramped quarters in building cabinetry. Additionally, I needed to have a drill that would not be too powerful for mounting screws. Well this drill uniquely fills that bill exactly. Not only does it have a larger amperage motor than the competition, in medium duty, moderately priced drills, but also it has an adjustable setting for the level of power, so it achieves a certain level of resistance. No stripping or overinserting screw heads. So combining the variable speed feature, with an adjustable default setting, makes it unique in the industry for a medium duty right angle drill. All this while maintaining enough torque according to the owner's manual, to drill a one inch hole in wood. I don't need to drill holes larger than that, if I did, and on a regular basis, I would look into the Hole Hawg.  Personally, I am relieved to not be using an overtorqued drill for working in cramped quarters, using spade bits. I have the Milwaukee 110 volt hammer drill, and am always concerned about breaking a wrist when it catches a bit. The Hole Hawg is even more of a concern in that regard. Of course the ultimate is to have both. Back to the Makita: This drill reverses, unlike the Dewalt for a little less money, which also has a lower amperage motor, and other anomalies as reported in the reviews. The Makita having a work light built into it, that they claim will never burn out for the life of the drill, is a nice feature, for those cramped, less than well lit locations. I feel confident with the Makita name.  I also looked at the Porter Cable air driven right angle drill, for less than half the price, but I know that air tools do not have the torque of a 110-volt ac model, unless you are buying a monster impact wrench, but it does reverse.  I also opted for a corded 110-volt angle drill, since I would be using that for drilling holes in floor joists, and I know that can drain a cordless drill battery fast.  One more item is that I like the keyed chuck. My cordless drills have the keyless chuck, and that is convenient for the cordless type applications. Keyed chucks are shorter in distance, than the keyless, which gives you even less head length for extra clearance, and they give you a one-time insertion step. Many times my keyless, needs to be retorqued, because it can come loose. If I need to have the quick speed change of the keyless, I can use one of the popular quick-change bit sets.  Their are some very nice heavy-duty right angle drills. Porter Cable makes a heavy duty one, that is larger, and they make the air driven model I mentioned eariler. Milwaukee makes right angle drills with lots of torque, large motors and weight. In a day-to-day heavy-duty construction situation, I would be opting for one of them. But for my needs this Makita can't be beat. It costs a little more but I don't want to have to live without all of the different features it has.  So there you have it, this drill is the ultimate niche for my needs. Hope this information is pertinent to yours as well.     