 When someone asks you a riddle, it is complex in trying to find an answer. Once you find it, or someone gives it to you, it seems so obvious, you may blurt out, "I knew that" Well that is what the author has done with every aspect of controlling dust in the workshop. This guy knows it so well, that he has reduced it to simplicity. No guesswork in his approach. He states it, and that is the end of it. It is a highly recommended read. No nonsense, simply put, this is the way to put the best dust collection system together.     Here is what I decided to do, after reading the book. Although the author recommends a cyclone dust collector, I am purchasing the JDS Dust Force, with the 1 micron kit, (be sure and get the optional 1 micron kit) and a Woodstock International separator. The price of doing it that way is one third of the cost of the a cyclone unit. Home made units can be made, and he points the way on how to do it, but I would prefer to not have to build one, since I have enough projects to do already. His penchant for the cyclone unit, is that chunks of wood, or even worse metal, won't be dancing off of the fan blade, which could cause a spark. The only thing that arrives at the cyclone filter is a little powder. Additoinally their isn't any vacuum loss with a cyclone, due to resistance. Well the JDS Dust force delivers more air at 1200 CFM, so the small amount of resistance created by the Wookstock International pre separator is of no consquence. Additoinally it prevents anything other than fine powder getting near the fan blade and filter as well.     Since the popular Oneida 2HP cyclone unit only gives you 1100, and their 1.5HP is rated for 750 as I recall, and at three times the cost.     This book gets into everything you need to know, to set up a complete system. In addition to the book, I noticed at the Onieda-air.com site, they had a sample room layout, with the proper pipe sizes etc. Proper sizing and layout, will give you the right amount of performance, and in proportion for the varying needs of different types of tools.    I guess I am getting a little wordy. Buy the book. It will save you way more than the purchase price in your quest for the dust free shop.     