 Don't misunderstand me, these speakers at this price range is what I am talking about, but let me say, that this is the only show in town. I bought the predecessor to these the Altec ADA880. Same configuration, but with 80 watts rms, instead of the now 120 that comes with the R. Now let me tell you about the speakers. You get an 8" sub that reminds you of a velodyne. If you are looking for an even better sub, you can spend 500 for a velodyne sub, but this Altec with the 8" sub reminds you of that kind of sound. The bass goes so deep, you won't believe it. It is far better than most peoples home stereo, and that is remarkable in the computer format. It comes with 4 speakers plus the sub. The two front speakers are two way with a mid and tweeter, and the rear speakers are a single cone. The highs are crisp. If you are into the high efficiency sound, this is the winning ticket.  Mate this up with a computer with a good sound card. I have an inexpensive DVD player installed in my computer, and I added the Real Magic Hollywood Plus DVD Decoder card. What a match. It has the digital output that plugs right into the Altec system. So you get true 5.1 Dolby surround, that is auto detected in the Altec system. The Real Magic card also has the S-Video output, so you can switch it to TV output, and get better resolution than, and listen to this, any DVD player on the market today, at any price. So a 50 dollar DVD player, mated to a 50 dollar Real Magic Hollywood Plus DVD Decoder card, and mating that to the Altec ADA880R, and you have a DVD experience that is unmatched in the industry. I know the doubters will not believe what I just said. Check it out at RealMagic.com site. I was listening to Jurassic Park, and I felt like the crickets were all around me. When the subwoofer kicks in, people get quiet. Unbelievable levels at this price point.  Now let's talk about the cons: The distortion rating on this unit is about 1%. True super hi fi specs have distortion ratings that begin at .05%. Does it sound distorted, no, but to a true audiophile, it is not the same as a 5 grand system. If you hear the ADA 880R you would say, what am I talking about, I don't hear any distortion, so I am talking about the tweaking edge, not the body.    I have a lot of very expensive gear, like a Velodyne 15" sub, with a separate 400 watt RMS amp, 1800 retail. It shakes the house, I also have the Velodyne Concert Theater series 12" sub rated at 400 watts max, and 140 watts RMS, 500 retail. That is an amazing sub for the money, and zero distortion all the way down to 20 cycles. (Most subs don't even give you 20 cycles, let alone distortion free) Even with all of that, when I took the ADA 880 out of the box, plugged it in, and turned off the surround, and played it in straight stereo, I ordered 5 more of them, (they were greatly discounting them with the release of the ADA880-R) so that I would have sound in all of the rooms with a computer in them. That is how much it blew my mind.    It comes with a remote control, that not only controls volume, but also controls, treble, bass, stereo, surround, center, mute, and on off.    I stopped by the local radio shack, and bought a three way audio input box for 20 bucks, and then hooked the TV, VCR, and computer up to it. Just like having a full blown multi input receiver.   Before buying a home stereo system, listen to the Altec. Make sure you turn the surround off, set it to straight stereo (a feature that most home receivers don't even have) turn the treble and the bass up, put in a high quality CD original recording, and stand back. You probably think I'm a newbie, excited about his latest toy. When you hear this system, you will become one too. Nothing else in this price range, will even come close, and I would say that most systems in the 1000 dollar price range, would have a hard time keeping up. I listened to $275 dollar stand alone subs, and they did not hold a candle to this Altec, and it comes with amplifier, preamp, and 4 speakers, and remote, all included.     Check it out yourself. It will blow your mind, even your audiophile friend will be impressed.     