 I love this unit. I had an Oster stationary. It was annoying. It would pop the lid at the end of the cycle, causing liquid to splash on the counter top, and finally the nylon gears went. This Black and Decker does none of that. It runs around the can, and comes to a stop right at the end of the run. No runs, no splashes, no errors.  The convenience of being able to use it anywhere in the kitchen is like using a 900 mghz phone for the first time. It's fun. As odd as it may sound, I now look forward to opening cans.  I noticed that the other Black and Decker model had some problems, but the reviews on this model were great. I can see why.  How many years of use I get out of it, I do not know, but the price, convenience, and quality of the job it does, this is a winner.  One more thing, I noticed that it does not open part of the can, and miss part.You know that annoying problem, of having to go over the top several times to get it completely open. This unit does not skip anything. It is clean, complete, and does what it is supposed to do without a glitch the first time. Buy it you won't be sorry.   This is an edit to my review, or it would be better for me to say, this is in addition to my original herein contained review. I am back after two years exactly, (It's October 2004 and I bought my first one in October 2002) I am here to buy another one. The two year old one is still working but it moves very slow. The nature of NIMH batteries is that they recharge very quickly, run for a longer amount of time, but their shelf life is limited next to a NiMHD. It's a trade off. I love this can opener. It is easy to use unless you are opening cans with your mouth. All you have to do is use it properly. Take a moment when placing it back on the charger to make sure it is properly mounted. Additionally, you have to hold it in the proper position when starting to open the can. If you are opening a little can like tomato paste, then yes you should keep an eye on it, because the opener is larger than the can. But on average size to larger size cans, you can start it and go about your business while it opens. It even automatically stops when it comes to the end.    Pertaining to how long it lasts, I think two years of use, for something that is so convenient and well engineered, for only 83 cents per month is well worth it. If you leave it off the charger for weeks and it runs out of juice, and then you force it to trudge around the can, then you will wear the battery out sooner than two years. Keep it on the charger when you are not using it.    Another nice feature is that the entire cutting head comes right off and is dishwasher safe. They make some other models that are getting mixed reviews, so I would be sure to get the KEC600. It is possible that some of the reviews written here are about the other models. Overall I highly recommend it.     