 I just bought one of these. Finding one was a challenge in itself. When I told Amazon to email when the item was in stock, I received an email from Amazon that I never received before. I was told it would be a long time before they would be available. Why, because nobody beats this camera.  This camera sports the Super Bright 1.8 lense. This Olympus and the top of the line Olympus are the only two in the industry that have it. What it means is a larger opening, which lets in more light. Consequently, the auto shutter speed is faster, less chance to get a blurry shot. Also the background of the shot is brighter and more defined. I was in a camera store, the manager's personal camera was the C-2020, the predecessor to this one. He had shot a picture of a metal guitar, one with the 2040, and the other with the Nikon 950 (which is twice the money) He printed out a large 8"x11" glossy. Seeing them side by side, the definition in the shot was the same, I couldn't tell the difference, but the ivy leaves in the background surrounding the shot, were a lot brighter, instead of being dark and ill defined in the Nikon shot.  Consumer Reports rated the predecessor C-2020 Olympus as being the number one camera in printed picture results, knocking out even the 3 and 4 megapixel cameras quality. Imagine that, 2 megapixels, half the money, yet the best results. Sounds like an avalanche trying to get in the door on that one. Well CR just came out with the November 2001 issue, and guess what, the C-2040 did it again. Making the number one spot, and this time they gave it special mention, because the quality rivaled that of the 3's and 4's. Usually a print out at 5x7" size is what the 2 megapixel cameras are good for. Not this one, the crystal clear shot I saw was an 8 1/2 by 11.  Ok, on to the camera. Some reviews, including CR, state that the menu was a little confusing. I did not find that to be the case. Shooting, zooming, previewing, deleting, downloading, etc is a breeze. When I tackle some of the more challenging tasks of manual settings, instead of the complete autofocus etc., maybe then I will learn what they are talking about.  The picture clarity is unbelievable. I took a few shots of some metal objects, and thought something was strange, their was little dots on the metal. Upon closer inspection, I realized it was the little flecks of dust. They were so clear blown up on a 19" screen, something you would not see, little individual flecks of dust, bright and clear. The detail was phenomenal. The zoomed in upclose shot, looked like it was taken one inch away, and was larger than life. Like a real life microscope.  The panorama feature, which was previously a Canon exclusive is nice. You can take up to 10 pictures, across a landscape, or a room for example, and then the Camedia software which is included pastes them together, which creates a single panorama. If you sent this shot to a friend, they would receive one pic, that they could navigate around, to see the entire room.  One thing that really matters to me, is that this is also the best looking camera. It looks smart. Chrome body, with the larger black hub at one end was the style I was looking for before I learned of the C-2040. Many digital cameras have this metal early 50s look that I do not like. This camera is beautiful in its design.  When I first picked it up with its .6 of a pound weight, and relatively small size, I thought it was a toy camera. Then when I took the lense cap off, and turned the camera on, the zoom lense gently whirred when it came out, and it was an immediate feeling of, this is high tech. Oh by the way, having had a Nikon FE with 80-120 zoom, (I still do) I wanted a zoom that was more than 2x optical. That feature was available once again, on more expensive cameras. The C-2040 has a 3X optical. Zooming in, and filling the frame with your subject, makes for a interesting shot, and the 3x is very nice for that. The Olympus model that is directly above this one, has a 10x zoom, but it doesn't have the 1.8 lense. For those of us who were into the 35MM SLRs, know all to well that the cameras with the 1.5s were more expensive lenses, and the 1.2s made the lense look like it was all glass.  Also the 1.8" LCD on the back is large, and crystal clear. Easy to read menu functions, and nice picture views.  A few final notes, be careful buying one of these for a cheaper price, make sure the camera you buy has the US guarantee. Gray market cameras come without the guarantee. Digital camera repairs are running a couple of hundred dollars these days, so the warranty is nice.  This camera also takes short movies, but they never replace a digital camcorder in that regard.  The optional remote control is way better than a timer, which this also has, if you want to get into the shot. That way, your not stumbing over things to get into the shot, and you can wait until the ideal moment to take it. Also, you can fire away multiple shots once you are there.  You definitely will want to get a larger smart memory card than the 8 meg they supply with the camera. A 64 meg is nice, and the 128 gives you over 300 shots in standard resolution. The panorama feature only works with Olympus cards, so be sure an pick up at least a 32 meg in Olympus and preferably a 64. Then go out and pick up an aftermarket 128 at a bargain, for relatively unlimited regular shooting. More than one card is advisable. Although the smart cards are pretty robust, going on vacation and discovering a defective card would be disasterous. So multiple cards, covers that base. Additionally the rechargeable batteries are nice. A fast charger with a 2 hour charge time is great. The lesser expensive chargers are overnight chargers. You will want to pick up an extra set of 4 batteries, in  addition to the 4 that come with the charger. It is a good idea to keep the lithium batteries that come with the camera in your camera bag, because they will last a couple of years in storage, and always be there in case you get stuck without charged ones.  I bought two bags. One which is smaller, but large enough to hold the camera, batteries, and your smart cards, but not large enough to hold the charger, and your lunch. :-) I like that for local shoots and being small, it doesn't look like you were the hired photographer. The other one which is larger, for getaway weekends, is designed to hold your digital camera, with enough room for all of your gear, and even an SLR. Quantaray makes a nice black leather one for that. You may want to visit your local camera store, to actually see the style that most appeals to you, then come back to Amazon to take advantage of the prices.  Their is an available AC adapter, but I chose to buy a stand alone Smart Card reader, that reads and writes. You park it on your desk, leave it plugged into the computer. Saves you from wearing out the electronics on the camera, and batteries don't become an issue. The one I bought is 10 dollars more but it reads and writes, that way I can download pictures from the computer also into the card, and then show them at my destination using the combined slide show feature, and the included cord to hook it up to any TV. Great for presentations.  I guess I am getting kind of windy. I am just in love with this camera. Having had a 1 megapixel Sound Vision 209 Mini Cam with a fixed telephoto range, and limited capabilities for indoor shots, this camera is a quantum leap. The super bright lense, gives you great low light picture taking ability. Coupling that with an adjustable "ISA" setting of 100, 200, or 400, makes it all the more effective for different conditions. I had heard a professional photographer complaining of having only an equivalent of ASA 100 fixed setting on his Canon Digital elph, he obviously wasn't introduce to the C-2040.  Using the camera with your PC is a breeze. You plug in the USB cable, or use the smart card reader I just mentioned, then just go into my computer, and you will see a new drive called removable drive. You click on it, and instantly see the file names of all of your pics. You can copy and paste the whole bunch into a new folder, they copy real quick, then just edit-select all, hit delete, and they are wiped from the cameras memory. A true Windows intuitive interface.  Store managers personal use camera, Consumer Reports number one pick in the 2 megapixel category, and they are just plain back ordered at most places, shows you that this camera is the one to get. These features and quality at this price is a winner, considering that you will be picking up 150 to 250 dollars of extras no matter what model you buy. So it makes this one a nice comfortable price point. I know with the money I saved over buying a 4, is enough that I can probably pick one of those up in a year or two for the difference. Although I don't know why I would want one, considering the amazing quality of the C-2040.  I'm in love with the camera, did I already say that? Find one and check it out. You will see what I mean.     