 I have been using Porter Cables 16 gauge finish nailer, and their 18 gauge finish brad nailer, for over a year now. It has performed great. I was doing some tongue and groove cedar on a wall, and wasn't able to get a the nail on the 16 to sit down flush in the upper corner of the tongue. I picked up one of these 15 gauge, the new DA250B, and this thing kicks butt. It is substantially more powerful, than the 16 gauge. POW, their is no mistake about it. What that amounted to, was the 16 gauge would not drive the nail all the way into the inaccessable corner of the tongue. When I tried it with the 15 gauge, it drove the nail in further, all the way to clean with the surface, down in the corner. The 16 gauge took it to the extent the tip would go, but the 15 gauge went beyond the restriction, all the way to a flush finish. So you could say, the tongue extends out farther on the 15, like beyond flush.  It is not the air pressure, I'm running it on a 6HP 60 gallon tank, or the setting of the head depth, I played with all of those. It simply is a more powerful machine, and the tongue appears to extend more, to drive the nail deeper in situations where you can't get the head all the way in a corner. It drives it in anyway.    I would like to make a comparison. It is like comparing the 18 gauge to the 16, but moreso. Maybe it is the new technology, but this thing kicks. The second you fire the first nail, you know it, before you even look at the result. It does leave a larger hole of course, and it has a slight D-shape to it. Reminds you of the old hand forged nail look, but on a finish nail size, and it is a little hole, rather than an exposed nail.   You will notice that Porter Cable states that it is improved to accept other manufacturers nails. I think that may be the nature of the problem some others were experiencing with the older model. They put strange nails in the gun, but now it can accept them.   I highly recommend it, and I expect it will give me the same reliability the 16 and the 18 have given me over the year.     