 I bought this because I was using a pair of 6hp Sears 16 gallon shop vacs. I had one tied to a Woodstock International separator. The problem I was having, was that my 12 1/2" planer was creating so much material when planning a 12" wide board, that the tail end of the planer, would start to get loaded with shavings and start to bind against the wood. Why was it doing that? The draw from the vac was sufficient at 250 CFM, and the separator was capturing all of the regular size material, leaving only the fine powder to pass onto the vac. Well the vac only has a small amount of surface area to collect the powder, so I have to constantly stop and comb the dust out. Since the JDS Dust Force comes with about 42 sq. ft. of surface area on the bags, I knew this would no longer be the problem. Now onto the unit. This thing moves 1250 CFM instead of 250. That is the rate through the 5" nozzle, which has a twin 4" tee on it. If you buy the book "Controlling Dust in the Workshop" you will see that a single 4" pipe has a limitation of about 400 CFM. A 2 1/2" pipe allows even less. So much to my surprise, I couldn't get more air flow through the 2 1/2" hoses, than I was getting out of my Sears unit. When I hooked up the 4" hose it really ripped. If you go to the Onieda-air.com site you get introduced to the cyclone units at three times the cost. I prefer this unit, and a Woodstock separator. What the Onieda site also does is give you a sample layout of a whole shop system. The pipes are 6" at the source, and gradually taper to the tool. Much more to talk about, but it is all in the book, "Controlling Dustin the Workshop". So why is this JDS so great? The challenge in dust collectors is to get a quiet unit that collects the most amount of dust. Less expansive units are known to have cheaper materials in the fan blade and motor. That is not the case with this JDS. Taiwan has come a long way. What you have here is a motor so solid that you think it was strapped under a Powermatic 66 table saw. It's heavy, it's beefy, and looks like something that is located in a GE power plant. The fan blades are not even a little bit thin. All in all this thing is beef. The labor savings by being made in Taiwan are passed on in the tool. This thing is all heavy duty metal. The motor is capped with steel ends, and the heat sinks that go all around it are solid aluminum. What no plastic? Nope. It moves a lot of air, if you have pipes large enough to handle it. I wish all of my equipment had 4" feeds on it. Most don't and I can reduce the 4" pipe to accommodate it, but I will leave the second pipe part way open to allow it to breathe. This unit was not designed to breathe through a single 2 1/2" throat. My feeling is that this unit could demand twice the price, and probably get it.  If I had to be critical of it, I would say that since I bought the optional 1-micron bag kit, I would hope to only have clear air venting into the shop. Upon inspecting the unit, I noticed dust build up on the outside, where the bags leaked where they are mounted to the center drum. I know that I will be able to play with the material, to get rid of any folds etc, in order to eliminate this. I might even have to go so far as to wrap the seam in some fabric. I am new to it, to this was on the first day.  Get the Woodstock separator, it is cheap, and mounts to a 30-gallon metal trash can available locally. It catches all of the big stuff, so it makes dumping of the waste very easy. The more important thing is that it prevents chunks of wood, or even worse a piece of metal, like a screw from running into the fan blade causing a spark. With the separator, the only thing that gets to the JDS unit is only fine powder. After using it, nothing was in the bottom bag at all.  All in all this is a very solid unit, built for years of service. I highly recommend it. When you first attach it to the base, plug it in, and you'll be shocked. This thing blows a lot of wind.     