 To those of us, who are new to the molding world, in addition to accurately determining the angle in degrees to a tenth of a degree on anything you need a measurement on, it has this cool built in crown molding feature. First you determine the spring angle, (which is the angle the crown molding sits on the wall). With the tool in place you press the button, it memorizes the spring angle which is shown in degrees, and the letters SPR appear. Then place the tool on the corner where the molding is to be installed, it displays the corner angle in degrees, press the button again, the letters CNR appear. Simply press the button once again, and it automatically calculates the Mitre Angle to set your Mitre saw, and by pressing the button once again, it gives you the bevel angle to set saw to as well. Lay your molding flat on your COMPOUND mitre saw and cut perfect moldings every time. If your saw has dead on accurate gauge settings according to the scales, then all you have to do is dial it in, and cut away, if not this Bosch unit will give you the ability to set your saw accurately as well.  Another reason why this tool is so important, is that a lot of walls are not really set at a true 90 degrees, so a detent setting on your saw, at the common crown molding setting, is not always the proper angle.   It is great for setting up any kind of saw. All of these things can be done with a square, bevel gauge, and protractor, but not with the ease, time savings, and micro accuracy of the Bosch. (Not that we need a tenth of a degree to cut a molding.)  The unit is actually 17 inches long. The inexpensive, optional extension available for this unit, will increaase your usability, and give you the capability of measuring on shorter surfaces.   One other feature is that it has a hold button, so if you are on a scaffold, or ladder, and reaching for a measurement, you can hit the hold button while in place, and it will hold the display of the measurement, even if you bump it to a new setting.  All in all the tool is super well engineered. After hearing everybody raving about it, and checking how high it was in the Amazon sales rank, I decided to give it a try. I am glad I did. What a universal tool. Precision made. Lightweight, since it is housed in Cast Aluminum, and built for strength and durability, even in a harsh environment. The directions say, if you get it wet from submerging it in water, it must be dried out, before it gives you accurate readings again. You have to respect that kind of durability.  One final note, it does not come with a carrying pouch. It has built in bubble levels, both for vertical and horizontal at the same time, but I would treat this with more respect than an aluminum level you may throw in the back of the truck. Therefore the Yellow Smart Tool carrying bag from MD Building Products makes a good addition to your purchase. It is a longer carrying case than the Bosch, but it fits it in every other dimension like it was custom built for it. It showed up when I added the Bosch to the shopping cart, as an item that others most frequently bought with it.    It is a profit maker in the time it will save, and the quality of the product it helps to produce. This product, brings the task into the 21st Century. I like the old ways, but just think in 50 years, this will be the old way. :-)     