 I had bought the Bench Dog PL400 a while ago, and unfortunately it sat in the tube it ships in. Well I broke it out, and after using it, I am sorry that I didn't do it sooner. It is great. It will fit any type of fence with the standard T slot. The attaching nuts are included and the easy to turn and fasten tightening knobs do the job well.   The great thing about this piece of equipment is that it does such a great job of holding down your workpiece. If you have a 3, to 6 inch panel or greater, it will perfectly keep it mated to the table. That is in part due to the hard rubber strip that extends below the bottom. The cast aluminum plate is substantial. I was tongue and groove routing, 88 inch long boards, and when I got to the end of the board, the PL400 had no problem keeping it true to the table, even when I let go. So I had 3 inches of an 88 inch piece of cedar being held straight, and under all of that pressure, it was still flush for the bit.    The safety advantage is second to none. Since it completely covers the router bit area, it protects you from an exposed bit. It actually covers an area a few inches away from the fence.   It is usable on your table saw, router table, or anything that has a T-slot. No T-slot, no problem, it is shipped with an included T-Slot aluminum channel, so you can convert your fence to a T-Slotted fence. If you added a wooden riser-extension to your fence, this would attach right to it. It is not predrilled, so you can custom apply it to your needs.   I highly recommend it. Easily adjustable for just the right amount of pressure. It does the job more completely and uniformly than single featherboards. It removes and installs in about 30 seconds. It doesn't shift on you when larger stock is trying to move it.   If I was cutting different size pieces all day long, I would use a featherboard, because it allows you instant access to the bit, for setup changes. If I was making runs of lots of boards, I would use the PL400, because the 20 second additional set up time, is more than worth the benefits and advantages.    I plan on keeping mine handy, and using it a lot more from now on. Hope this helps.     