 I installed this blade on my radial arm saw. I sighted along the blade as it came to a slow stop, to be sure it was mounted true, with no wobble. I had to loosen the nut, turn the blade slightly, and retighten a few times to get it perfect. Without a blade stabilizer, or not bothering to check the trueness of the spin, no blade will perform properly. I never have to do this with the table saw, just the radial arm saw. Once trued up, it cut like butter, and the surface was really like glass.    I also bought the Forrest II blade when I read the reviews in this months Fine Woodworking magazine, they rated it as number one, and Frued was number 2. The top 1 and 2 out of all of the blades, not bad.   Fine Woodworking mentioned that their wasn't any tear out. Well I got those same exact results with the Freud. No tear out at all. The magazine rated the Freud as excellent in smooth cut, but only very good in tear outs. My experience is that when ripping 3/4" material, this blade produced a smooth cut without any saw marks. Nice enough to mount as an exposed edge on your project. Of course, a true fence is critical.   With the flawless results I got with the Freud, I am wondering why I paid three times the price for the Forrest. The Forrest Woodworker II is designed for Table Saws. The Freud is advertised on the package as being ideal for Table Saws, Radial Arm saws, and Miter and or Compound Miter Saws. I am keeping the Forrest for the table saw, I have spoken to Forrest owners who love their blade, even a year after using it. They love not having to change the blade for different kinds of cuts, and state it is still sharp after a year. I'm expecting the same kind of results from the Freud. Both of these blades have 5/8" arbors, and are a 1/8" thin kerf. The Forrest has a thinner 3/32" model as well, but some of the reviews indicate some inaccuracy on that model.   I highly recommend buying this Freud blade.     It is hard to find a blade that will cut plywood, and melamine, and do crosscuts, all excellently,  and do rip cuts good as well. This one does all of them. To see Freuds blade use recommendations chart, click on the blade picture at the top of the ad.   I installed the Freud on my table saw, and got the same excellent results. So I bought a second one of these Freuds. I like the 60 teeth. Commonly the 50 tooth crosses the line between great ripping and crosscutting. This 60 tooth appears to do the job beautifully, and still give you that extra smoothness that comes with the additional teeth. The Forrest is still covered in the protective rubber dip. Some day, I will break out the Forrest II, I just have a hard time even thinking about taking this Freud off. How can you top perfect? Hope this was helpful.     