   Two years ago I bought the Black & Decker KEC600 Cordless Can Opener. Another super highly recommended item. It is inexpensive, powerful, and convenient. It is cordless and sits in a reharging station, then you can take it to anywhere in the kitchen. After two years, the rechargeable battery finally started to get weak. So I ordered another one.     While browsing in the Black and Decker area, I came across this B&D Ergo 3 cup food chopper. Based on the reviews, I decided to give it a try. Now I don't know which one I like... no, love better. I use it to make fresh custom salad dressing. No more hand chopping garlic, now I fine chop it before sauting for making sauce. The list is endless.    I have a 90 year old mother I take care of. When she complains about the food not being tender enough, I drop it in the chopper, the razor sharp blades spin at the slow or fast speed, and out comes a beautiful puree. A quick pop into the micro to freshen up the heating, and she loves it.     I'm ordering another chopper. Why? Because I don't ever want to go without it. Since it is a plug in the wall device, it wil probably last for 20 years. If mine gets dropped and breaks, I don't want to take a chance on not having one. Anything this good doesn't last. It is just too great of an item for such a little bit of money. Additionally, I like the fact that it comes with a removable flexible bottom, that doubles as a lid when you want to put your blendings in the refrig, without having to scoop them out.     One reviewer commented that they wish they would offer the bottom container as a separate item because it would be convenient, to have more than one. My logic is that for this kind of money, buy two. All bases are covered that way. The increased flexibility is worth it.    One other comment, worth mentioning, is that the top which houses the motor is easy to clean, even though their are those who complain, that it is not submersible. I have been washing mine by turning it upside down, soaping, and then running it under hot water, while spinning it around. The water pouring only hits the underdside of the center on out, and easily pours over the outer lip, without ever getting anywhere near the on off switch, or other sensitive to water areas. That makes even the top easy to clean. The rest of the chopper is submersible, or dish washer safe. Additionally the blade is easily removable from the base, simply by pushing down on it, while giving it a quarter turn. Up it pops, ready for removal and easy cleaning. Great for cleaning the 3 qt base also. No blades stuck in the bottom, making it difficult to clean.    The Black and Decker seems to be leading the pack with a three quart chopper, instead of the 1 1/2 qt like the competition. The 3 quart makes it large enough to not have to use a full size blender, yet small enough to use regularly, without the additional clean up. In addition it is a lot lighter to move around.    It is also attractively designed, and the buttons are ergonomically designed.    Overall I can't recommend this chopper enough. If your looking for something else to buy, to take advantage of Amazons minimum purchase amount to qualify for free shipping, consider buying the Black and Decker cordless can opener. The KEC600 model is the one that I have and is getting the better reviews.      