 I would like to add to my other review that I wrote awhile back. I have a Bosch Top Handle Jig-saw. I believe it is clearly the best jig saw made. I could go on for hours, like I did in my earlier review, but their is one thing I wanted to mention here. Although I love my top handle, if I was going to do it over again, I would buy the barrel grip. Why? Because the mechanics of steering a perfectly straight course, are easier to do with your hand around the body rather than perched on top of it. The barrel grip enables you to do one handed cutting with more stability. I am talking on a very fine level. I noticed Norm Abrams on the New Yankee Workshop uses the barrel grip as well.    Please don't misunderstand me, I am not talking about the top handle model dancing around or anything like that. I am spoiled by Bosch's accuracy, and sometimes use the jig saw to make critical straight cuts using an edge guide. With a fine tooth blade, it leaves an edge so smooth, I just go over it lightly with a little sandpaper when I am done and it looks like a finish edge.    So what to do? When I am using the top handle saw with a single hand, I modify my grip by grabbing it around the body, instead of using the top handle. By doing it that way, you get more of the barrel grip control, even though the rear part of the top handle gets in the way.    This steering control that I am mentioning is not a major item. I am not going to pick up a barrel grip instead and consider selling mine. I just would prefer the barrel grip for that fine level of single handed control. Both are magnificent saws.    Quite simply put, the ergonomics-mechanics of the barrel grip contribute to the capability of creating an incredibly smooth and accurate cut that these Bosch Jig Saws are capable of producing. I'm being super critical here, the amount of wiggle produced is very fine, much more so than most people would care to think about. If you need to make a perfect cut, and want to do so closer to the line, and spend less time at the orbital sanding station, the barrel grip is the way to go.    The other thing worth mentioning is that if you have the work secured with a clamp, and can get both hands on the top grip, you can cut a perfect line with great control also. If you already own the top handle as I do, try cutting with it by grabbing the barrel instead and you will see what I mean.   After using cheapie jig saws for years, picking up the Bosch and using it for the first time, you wonder how you ever got along without it. Highly recommend for both models, I just recommend the barrel grip a tiny bit more.     