 The tru grip pro is a lot larger then you might imagine. They are 5 1/4" wide. The thickest part, which is the center, is over 1/2". The sides taper down, in the area of the T-Slot tracks.   This 2 footer is the most frequently used. The 4' and 8 foot models, enable you to cut large sheets of plywood, dead on accurately. It actually replaces a panel saw, and is way more portable. You simply use a square when setting the guide.   The clamp is easy to work. You pinch the two wide tabs, slide it up to the edge of your work, then push the large paddle lever down, to tighten. Makes for quick set up, and setting the tension accurately.    I like having the 2 foot. You might think, why not just buy an 8 foot, or a 4 foot and use it for everything. It's impratical. The long tongue, hanging out over the work, is difficult to manage. The right size, for the right project is ideal.   In addition to the T-Tracks, and custom track guide, they also have a nice smooth edge, typical of other edge guides. So, you can use these as a simple straight edge guide, and they do that perfectly. Since they are so substantially made, they create an excellent, rigid line.   With cabinet making, having the flexibility of being able to get finish grade cuts, on larger panels, using a good quality circular saw, with a good quality finish blade, is worth the price of these alone. With the saw baseplate, it prevents you from accidentally leaving the edge of the guide, even by a 16th. Your locked in, virtually no room for error.   Carrying a 4x8 sheet of plywood down the stairs, to set it up on a table saw, with a 5 foot outfeed table, is difficult to manage. Trimming it down to size first, especially if you can get a perfect cut, using this system, makes everything a lot more manageable. Once down to size, I do the rest of my finish cutting, on the table saw.   To get the work at a true 90 degree angle, a framers, or other type of square is necessary.   These make excellent clamps for gluing up as well. Since they are flat, it makes a nice reference for truing up the boards, in addition, to being a substantially strong, adjustable tension, clamp.   This two foot, gets a lot of use. The 4 foot is great for trimming the bottoms of doors, etc. The 8 foot, although a problem to store, and infrequently used, but how else could you get an even bevel to size, on an 80" door, and do it so exactly, that all it would need, is a light surface sanding.   The other point worth mentioning, is the circular saw, and router accessory base plate, slide along the T-Track so smoothly, without any sway-slippage at all, that you are able to get precise cuts.   All in all I give it five stars, for the money it saves, and the convenience it provides. Highly recommended.     