 I just signed up with Lingo service, available here as a link on Amazon, and it leads you to the Lingo.com web site. Lingo has been in business for 11 years, but doesn't advertise anywhere near as much as Vonage  Here is the comparison. $19.95 per month for unlimited calling to US and Canada PLUS 17 countries in Western Europe, including Italy, France, etc. Whereas Vonage is $24.95 per month including only US and Canada. Both have all the bells and whistles, of Caller ID, call waiting, Voicemail etc You hook the Lingo adapter into any available port on your router,  or directly into your cable or DSL modem, then hook your computer/network into the adapter.(Recommended)       The VOIP adapters are not meant to feed a house full of connections. Ideally, keep your existing phone, and use the new VOIP line for a cordless, hooked up to a single connection for all of your outgoing.    Since Lingo gives you one free phone number, you don't have to port over your existing phone. Hook it up to your Internet service modem, (broadband only, either DSL, or cable) and enjoy the free additional phone line. It feeds through your Internet modem, not your phone lines.       Lingo also has my 610 local area code, and Vonage did not. You can also enjoy having a phone in any area code in the US for no extra charge, so if you have customers or relatives out of state, and pick an area code and number in their area, it is like making a local call for them to reach you. Since it is Internet based, the call comes to your home, even though it's an outside area. Or you can add a second line for $4.99 at a later date with the same setup. You can also add a third phone number, but it will ring on one of the two lines, with a special ring, not unlike Ident-A-Ring.  There are two plugs on the adapter. Also you can bring your adapter with you to a different state, plug it into any broadband connection, and you can receive or send calls with your local area code still using the connection.    With DSL, since it is phone line based, you can not port your existing number over, because you need your phone connection to get your DSL service. Keep your existing line, especially if you have a fax line hooked up to it. It seems that all of the VOIP services require a separate charge, to be able to get faxes.   Since your phone is then dependent on your Internet connection, get ready to have phone service, that is only as reliable, as your Internet connection. So once again, keep your phone, for fax and a flawless reliability connection.     Both Vonage and Lingo offer a money back trial period, Vonage 14 day, Lingo 30 day.   Get ready to do eBay internationally, with Lingo, calls are free to 17 countries in Western Europe. Italy, France, UK etc. not so with Vonage, just US and Canada. With Verizon, they stepped up to the plate, with their own VOIP service, called Voice Wing, which is more expensive at $29.95 for the first year, and $34.95 thereafter, and it does not include Canada or Europe; US only. Also, you can't go over 5000 minutes per month, or they will disconnect you. Lingo, on the other hand, gives you 45,000 minutes per month, that's correct 45K instead of 5K. Since their is 43,200 minutes in a 30 day month, Lingo wanted to make sure you had TRULY unlimited service by giving you 45,000. You can check it out when you visit your account information at Lingo.com by signing in. You can look up your call history, see how many minutes you have used the phone, and a COMPLETE list of everyone you called, their phone number etc, and everyone that called you with number etc, and you have the date, and time, how many minutes, and their number. It deserved a wow the first time I saw it.    I have to be honest with you. The other night, I looked up on the web how to call Italy. I found out that international calling from the US is simple. First you dial 011, indicating an international call, then you put in the country code, in this case 39 for Italy, then dial the phone number. I looked up the Italian white and yellow pages on a Google search, and looked up some phone numbers, and called. It freaked me out. I thought I was in high school again, doing a prank call. You know, is your street light working? It was awesome to hear people speaking Italian, and to know that calling Italy was just like calling someone up the street. Unbelievable! Gracia. This is a good enough reason for choosing Lingo over the others, because they include free unlimited calling to 17 countries in Western Europe for free as well, and I am not aware of any other service that provides that, and for less money than the competition. Same quality service, more of it, in more areas, and at a better price. Seems like a no brainer. Hey get in touch with your heritage. At the Lingo.com site they have a list of the countries that are included.    Disclaimer; Please understand that all of this information is my understanding, taken off of the companies sites, and it is not guaranteed accurate. It is deemed accurate, to the best of my knowledge and subject to change. One of the reasons I am saying that, is that this review will be posted for a long time, and technology changes quickly.    Actually Vonage has come down in price, but they are still not at Lingo's prices.    Lingo sends the adapter out right after the order, and it is supposed to take 3 to 5 days to receive. I ordered it Sunday night at midnight, and got it on my doorstep on Tuesday. (It took less than 48 hours, wow.)   They are available 24/7 for tech support, and ordering. Hooking it up is a breeze, if you simply plug it into your router. I wanted the recommended/advanced hookup, directly into the modem, then plug the routers into the adapter. That takes more doing, because with DSL, you have to edit the setup in your Lingo adapter for PPOE (DSL talk), then change the setup in your router to DHCP. The tech line helped me for an hour, on their 800 number, and very courteously. They walked me through it, step by step, and didn't get off until I was completely up and running. They even checked my network, to make sure that was running smoothly, with the Linksys routers. Wow, compare that to some of the reviews on Vonage tech service. No comparison.    One other thought is that if you have DSL, it is key to realize that any noise in your phone lines equals a slower connection, and or, in this case, a lesser quality voice quality. How to check it? Pick up a phone, hit any key to silence the dial tone, turn up the volume if you have that option, and listen real hard. If it isn't dead quiet, you have hum or noise. That is caused by an open ground, or from running your lines, too close to electrical-romex line. Fix it by disconnecting all lines, except the one that comes into the house. Listen to that one, if it is quiet, then hook up one internal loop at a time, until you find the offending line. Rerun that one with new wire, and away from power lines. How does this relate to Lingo-Vonage? When I hooked up the Lingo service, I accidentally broke a connection to one of the phone loops, that left an open and a hum. When I called friends, they mentioned that the VOIP sound was weaker than my normal line. Then I ran the hum test on the phone that I just mentioned, and there it was. So I checked my connections at the terminal bank in the house, and found the disconnected wire. I reattached it, then re-checked the voice quality, and it was back to full power. So beware of those who complain of less than stellar results. Also, they may be doing the easy install, of simply plugging it into one of their router ports, instead of hooking the VOIP adapter directly into the modem, then hooking the routers into the adapter. That results in no loss of Internet speed, and the most reliable and highest quality connection results.    I am very, very, excited. I have a bunch of people from high school, who are out of state, that I can't wait to call on a regular basis. I also have friends who are local but outside of my immediate calling area.      Make new friends, keep the old, one is silver, the other gold. Thank you Lingo for keeping me Gold, and at such a reasonable price. Hey, I spend 10 or 15 bucks a month on long distance now, and for 5 more bucks, I can go unlimited. Now I realize how longo, I really wanted to go Lingo.  Hope This Helps.     