 The fact that this little book has received 135 reviews and counting is because so many want others to share in this.  Profound yet simple. Life changing. Contrary thinking to our unsuccessful ways. When Deepak Chopra tells us to quit wasting energy trying to convince others of our opinions, I will need some time to implement that into my life. I know it will come, because now when I am done trying to convince others of my point of view, to no avail, I think back to his advice, and realize I need to acquire it as a natural trait. Realizing each time how much time and energy I just wasted. This just scratches the surface.   The other profound lesson that is changing my life is that the question we should be asking ourselves, is "How can I help, How can I serve" instead of "What's in it for me" Combining that with giving freely, in line with the laws of nature, is giving me a new foundation for forming a company I am working on. It completely shifted my focus to helping, instead of demanding. I know that by serving freely the interests of my patrons, I will receive like kind in return. Not because I require it, but rather because that is the way it flows; even to the point of concentrating my efforts now on helping the maximum amount of people, rather than making them customers.   All of this is predicated on the necessity to meditate to get in touch with your inner... as he calls it, the embryo of your God self. Which is a part of the infinite potentiality, the essential energy of all things. In so doing, making the unmanifest, into the manifest. Some say that all of mankind's problems can be reduced to his inability to sit still, quietly, for 15 minutes.  Deepak Chopra and Dr Wayne Dyer co-authored a book. I thank Dr Wayne Dyer for showing me how to meditate by simply lying down or sitting, and gently letting all thoughts leave my mind. Each thought is tied to an emotion. When all thoughts finally leave, a profound change occurs. I arise feeling completely renewed. Deepak Chopra is now introducing me to new ways to utilize this new domain, to bring my desire and intention into fulfillment. (As long as my desire is in keeping with helping and serving) Forgive me for attempting to put the words of this book, into my own expression. Please read this book. It will profoundly change your life, especially if you read it again, and again. Not just reading, but also examining your own life, in relation to the new, profound, simple truths that you wish you knew all along, and all of the time. I am already beginning to experience some of the bliss and joy that he has taught me how to acquire. I see others and wish I could share it with everyone. I know it would sound fairy tale like to some, but I know the incredible knowledge this book contains to be the truth.  I wanted to say that although this book is based on his other work, "Creating Affluence" I like "The Seven Spiritual Laws" better. It is a more practical, put it to use approach. Creating affluence is less profound, and earth moving. A great book, but be sure and get the Seven Spiritual Laws.  I hope this review helps to make others buy this book. I can't say enough about it. Highly, highly recommend. Get it, and change your life.     