 I have to agree with other comments about the darker lense on the new 5060. I have a couple of year old Olympus C2040, the second edition of Consumer Reports number one rated camera. It the first report, it took top honors over even the 5 megapixel cameras in printed picture results. The following year with the 2040 it was comparable to the 5s. It cost about the same as the 5050 and 5060's are now. But wow what a camera. Most of it is due in part to the super bright 1.8 lense. I think Olympus decided that people, when they are shopping for a camera, look at the obvious numbers. For example 4x sounds better than 3x in the zoom. The problem with larger zooms is that they require smaller apertures. Smaller aperture means a smaller hole the camera looks through, which equals less light, which equals, more flash, which means more bleached out, unnatural light, more battery being eaten up, and just simple less ability in varying conditions to get faster shutter speeds, which equals needing a tripod, or a fuzzy shot.    When I bought my camera with the 1.8, the camera shop manager had one also as his personal camera. He showed me two of the same shot of a guitar sitting on a bed of leaves. One he took with the Olympus, the other with a Nikon, at twice the money. Both shots were very well defined on the subject, but the Olympus bright lense brought out the background a lot better. The definition was way better.    Consumer reports rated the Olympus C5050 as their number two pick, and the Nikon came in first at a lot more money. I don't agree that the Nikon is better with 100 shots per battery charge instead of 400 with the Olympus, and a darker lense on the Nikon. I guess that is something for another review.    Anyhow, I think the C-5060 has some nice features, but the bottom line is that we are taking a box, and opening and closing a lense, and recording what it sees. Ever try getting a clear view through a pin hole. You get the idea. I would pick up the 5050 if it were in the market, they are discounting them to make room for the 5060. Myself, I can't imagine getting better results than I am already getting with the 2040. I print out an 8 1/2" x 11" on glossy photo paper, and it looks indistinguishable from a 35mm photograph.    It is ashame that we have to pick out, one of these, it would be nice if we could have one of them all. After all, the 5060 does have some nice features.     