 Let me say that the Tormek system is a big bullet to bite. Seems like a lot of money spent just to sharpen things. When you get into using the sharpening system, you soon realize, that the time spent on sharpening is cut in less than half. Additionally the keen edge, (almost scary) that it puts on your tools, saves you a lot of time, and enables you to produce fine work. Instead of spending a half an hour sharpening for each 20 minutes I spend on the lathe, I spend less than half of that. And the time that I spend is more pleasurable than the stroke, stroke, stroke, with a stone and oil.   The main draw of this complete kit, is that it saves you a lot of money over the individual items.   The Tormek system, hands down, has been touted as the best across the board, in all of the woodworking reviews. The tool stays cool, the edge is brought to a polished finish, and it is easy to use.   With the accessory kit, you can even sharpen your neighbors kitchen knives. In addition to just about every other sharp edge you have in the house.   The accessories are quality made, and should last a lifetime.  A bit pricey yes, but once you go for it, you know your set for any kind of sharpening you may need.   My only gripe about the system, is that you have to regrade the stone for each tool. I have been trying to think of a better way. The only solution I can come up with, is to have twin stones, side by side. Dress them both with the diamond truing bit, to get two even-same size surfaces. Then grade one of them to 220 grit, and the other one to 1000 grit. Then when you mount a chisel, for example, you would rough it out with the 220, and immediately go over to the 1000 to finish it off. Why is this important? Because you can not remove a tool from a holder, and reinstall it exactly the way it was. You may think, well I will get it close, and if you are willing to do the finer grade on just the tip, that will work. But when you go to resharpen, you have to remove more material to redress the whole surface, in order to get the full face. Capeche? So we are back to having to redress the wheel for each sharpening.   At the demonstration from the Tormek factory rep, he regraded on every tool, and spent some time leaning on the grading stone, to get it totally to the other grade.   So do we see a Tormek II in the future? I think they do not want to introduce a second stone, since that is the single most expensive part of the kit, which is expensive to start with. On small tools you could regrade half the stone, and get the same effect.   Thought you would find that interesting. The accessory kit is a nice package. I know restaurants, and barber shops etc, have an ongoing need for sharpening services. This setup makes it worthwhile to have an onboard inhouse service.    Great kit, great system, bite the bullet and buy the complete kit. In the long run you will be glad you did.     