 Let me start off by saying that this Bosch Jig Saw is by far the finest jig saw I could ever imagine using. It is super well built, does the job perfectly, and is a dream to use. The features are incredible. After using a couple of different cheapies, I feel like I want to put this tool behind polished glass, and just look at it. Now on to the important considerations when buying a Bosch Jig Saw. I am writing a review of the Bosch 1581AVS. If you are buying another Bosch model jigsaw, you will find this interesting and crucially important.  I had a hard decision to make. I read from others that they were having problems with the accuracy of the cut on the new Bosch models, with the aluminum shoe plate. The 1581AVS has a steel shoe plate. Contrary to opinion the shoe plate is made of substantial steel and is not prone to bending. You would have to drop this unit from a substantial height in order to bend the shoe plate. It was mentioned that the aluminum shoe plate is better in that regard, but at the cost of an inaccurate cut?  On to the important thing: The 1581AVS cuts a perfectly perpendicular cut. Others mentioned that the newer models are off by a few degrees, and the Bosch reps are amazed that they are off. The instore demonstration proved them off by as much as 1/8" at the bottom of the cut. If that is the case, nothing else matters. I will repeat, the 1581AVS cuts a perfectly plumb and perpendicular cut, unlike the newer models, which are indistinguishable from this model, except the shoe, and blade change mechanism.   At the Bosch site, you will see that the 1581 has the same exact horsepower, and ratings as the other models. So what is in a model name?  I feel a bit aggressive talking about the new models this way, but I feel that this point is critical.  The shoe on the bottom is adjustable, onto fixed settings, because it has detents for the 90 degree and 45 degree angles, but is not set up for fine adjustment in the event that it is off. So that poses a serious problem. If the cut is off by a few degrees, their is no way to readjust it. The adjusting cleat drops into a shoe, so you can't move it a few degrees for correction. Please read a lot of reviews before making a decision between the 1581 and the 1587 models. I wanted to get the aggressor, progressor or whatever it is called, but I decided that accuracy took precedence. These are still listed in the Bosch web site as a model currently offered. So you are getting a brand new unit in the 1581AVS. I wanted the latest and the greatest and I thought it would be nice to have the click in blade change feature, and was afraid when I considered the problems that many were having with the accuracy of the installation, and the failing of the blade while in use with that feature. The 1581 has a screwdriver installation method, but it is not what we have all come to recognize as the typical screwdriver-screw on blades. This system is entirely different. They supply a long screwdriver, which actually goes into the top of the unit, down a shaft into the top of the blade holder. You loosen it from the top down. The blade goes in to the blade plunger, into the two slotted grooves, and is then turned 90 degrees to "lock in" to the plunger. Aligning it with the roller blade guide on the shoe plate, and by lightly pulling the blade away from the plunger, it accurately aligns the blade from within, to dead on accurate frontward position, and while holding it that way, you tighten the lengthy screwdriver which reaches down from the top of the machine. This is a great system. Entirely accurate, fast, and easy to use. I couldn't imagine wanting any other system. I can install a blade with this system in less than 20 seconds. Improve on it? Improve on what! This is the one to have.  So I guess you can surmise what I am saying is that I think the 1581AVS is the one to get. The newer design units with the aluminum shoe plate are experiencing problems with accurate alignment on their cuts, and the quick click blade change is a hassle to use, and does not hold the blade as well.  It would be preposterous of me to assume that I am an expert on the other models, when I have not used them. I am only reporting on what my experience with the 1581AVS, and the conclusions I drew from reading other reviews.  A few points on safety. This is a tool you want to be especially careful using. The rapid cut blades that Bosch supplies with the unit are razor sharp. They are made in Switzerland. The Swiss are known for their excellent knives. I just touched one to one of my fingers, and it left a small shred raised from my skin. The instructions advise you to wear gloves when changing blades. I now see what they mean. The 30 blade packs I bought from Amazon that are Bosch, are made the same, and from the same source.  The 30 blade pack is a great buy, considering the quality of the blades. In addition to the woodworking blade pack, I also purchase the multipurpose blade pack, so that I can use this tool for cutting metal, and various materials.  For those who are skilled at using a hand held circular saw, they are familiar with the dilemma of having to secure the board, in order to avoid the perilous event, when a circular saw is cutting through a board, and the board shifts ever so slightly, binding the blade, and kicking a fast spinning saw out of the wood, and potentially into harms way. The Bosch Jig Saw is a lot safer in that regard.  With the aggressive relatively rapid cutting ability you gain with the Bosch Jig Saw, I can see why several people use it instead of a circular saw for cutting. The jig saw has the ability to go in different directions though, giving you band saw type capabilites. This could be a disadvantage if you are looking to get a perfectly straight crosscut, without a straight edge, guide lines, or an angle with a lip. Even with a circular saw, making crosscuts is only an eyeball guess without one of the above guides. A miter saw solves the problems for onsite cuts. The jig saw is the best option for making unusual cuts, where a band saw is not available.  The adjustable air flow rate built in blowing feature is real nice. Having experienced the pile of sawdust accumulating in front of the blade on a cheaper machine, and not being able to see the line, the air blowing feature is especially appreciated.  The oscillating, random orbit blade movement, is adjustable also. You can go from a straight up and down cut, to an ever increasing oscillating cut. Makes for a quicker cleaner passage without binding.  Variable speed control knob is nice also, as is the carrying case.  I'm excited about having this Bosch Jig Saw, and after only taking a few cuts, I can tell I love it already.  I did immediately take out a square and check the accuracy of the cut, and it was dead on. Not close, but perfectly square top to bottom of cut. If it wasn't, what would I want it for?  With the blade change system being so incredibly accurate and simple, I didn't expect anything less.  My concern was over what the others were experiencing with the aluminum shoe plate and quick change blade models. GET THE 1581AVS WHILE THEY ARE STILL AVAILABLE.  Like I said earlier, I do not want to appear preposterous, and condemn an entire line of newer design Bosch Jig Saws, but I do know this. The 1581AVS is one beautiful piece of accurate equipment.     