 I couldn't wait to hear this CD.  I've never been a Garth fan or country fan, but I love all types of music and love to hear artists challenge themselves.  Having said that, this album is the audio equivalent of  watching Michael Jordan play baseball.  I gave the disc two stars.  Garth  is a talented enough musician that even his worst is worth one star.  He  earned his second star just by doing this project.  The guy doesn't have to  ever record again.  He could retire and go play Nintendo.  Instead, he  decided to have fun.  The problem is that it's not as much fun for the  listener as it was for him. Here's the situation:  Garth took off 20 pounds  (!) and put on funky clothes and wigs to become a different character named  Chris Gaines.  Gaines was to be his "rock" persona.  The pictures  are brilliant.  Gaines looks like he might fit on a mix-tape with the likes  of Smashing Pumpkins, Nine Inch Nails, Soundgarden, maybe even Beck.  The  hysterically funny bio inside tells a different story.  We're supposed to  believe that Chris was part of a pop boy-band in the late 80's who went his  own way and sounds a lot like Prince.  Mind you, both these possibilities  are intriguing and I couldn't wait to hear Garth get goth and/or funky.  So  what does Chris Gaines actually sound like?  Imagine if Dan Fogelberg was  still kicking.  If Cat Stevens hadn't found Islam.  If Harry Chapin had  lived.  Only one song on this whole CD sounds like it could have been  popular in the 80's.  The rest sound like mid-to-late 70's country-pop.   The sad thing is, I think Garth thinks he made a huge leap from his usual  fare.  He learned to do some different things with his voice, he hired  "rock" musicians (i.e., guys who have backed up Amy Grant and  Peter Cetera), he bought hip clothes and had himself a ball.  Me?  I  listened to it twice and took it back.  Bottom line is this:  It's not bad  music at all.  It's just not the music that it's supposed to be.  Oh well,  maybe next year he'll do a CD of Celtic folk tunes.     