 Until now, the Rolling Stones really didn't have a CD on the market that I was interested in.  I'm a casual fan who enjoys their well-known songs, but never heard enough consistency in their more recent recordings to buy any of them.  The Stones have had several hits discs, most of them covering specific time periods in their long career.  In addition, they have a box set on the market which covers roughly the first half of the band's history.  So what's a casual fan to do?  Should I illegally download all the tracks I want?  Many bands and record companies are fighting back against piracy by doing exactly what the Stones have done:  Release a greatest hits package that covers all the really important stuff (without getting too obscure) and sell it for less than $25.  Box sets are nice for fanatical completists.  One-disc hits CDs are great for fringe listeners.  But the current trend is toward stuff like FORTY LICKS. So what's great about it?  Thirty-six of the tracks here are proven winners.  Most have withstood the test of many years and are the very definition of the term "classic rock".  In addition, there are four new cuts which range from new classic ("Don't Stop") to good ("Keys To Your Love").  The songs have been digitally remastered and sound incredible. The negatives are few, but they do exist.  If I had to pick the 36 absolute best Stones' songs, "Have You Seen Your Mother, Baby?" "You Got Me Rocking" and "Love Is Strong" would be left in the discard pile with "Harlem Shuffle".  On the other hand, I wouldn't even consider leaving off "Waiting On A Friend", "Rock And A Hard Place", or "Hang Fire".  I might even be talked into adding "She's So Cold".  But hey, everybody's going to have their own opinion on what's represented or not, that's just mine.  Lastly, there are two versions of this CD.  The standard version is a 2-disc set in a clear 2-disc jewel case with a booklet featuring pictures and personnel info for each track.  The "Limited Collectors Edition" version takes the standard version and wraps it lovingly in a cardboard sleeve with the exact same cover (front and back) as the CD inside.  Fantastic if you're a cardboard collector, I guess, but I was hoping for something a bit more special. All told, you'd be hard pressed to find a better Rolling Stones package.  A must-have for any rock fan.     