 I first saw this book as I stood in line at the local (bookstore) and the cover immediately caught my eye.  Having an interest in architechture, any book with columns on the cover automatically interest me and the striking figure of the nude woman with a beautiful tattoo didn't hurt the appeal either.  But the blurb on the inside cover about Phedre, a courtesan with a heart of gold had me rolling my eyes thinking it was another book selling sex rather than substance.   So imagine my surprise when I finally picked up the book six months later and discovered that the plot and characters drove the book not kinky sex.  Phedre was born with a red speck in her left eye.  This made unsuitable to be an adept of the Night Court, which is comprised of thirteen houses of prostitution each catering to a special taste.  In the alternate history of this world, the citizens of Terre d'Ange believe in an offshot of chirstianity that worships Elua the child that sprung from mother earth when Mary Magdalene's tears mixed with Christ's blood.  Elua preached free love and with the eight angles that were his followers he settled in the country of Terre d'Ange, our present day France.   Phedre grows up being the outsider in the Night Court until one day a nobleman named Delaunay recognizes the red speck as Kushiel's dart, a sign that she has been chosen by Kushiel, the angle that inflicts pain on sinners.  As such Phedre derives pleasure from pain.  Delaunay buys Phedre and trains her to be a spy while making her the most expensive courtesan in history.  In her dealing with her clients she learns a secret that threatens her country and before she could inform the King she was kidnapped and sold into slavery in Skaldia.  The rest of story deals with her journey back to Terre d'Ange and her role in saving her country.  Along the way she relies on the help of her bodyguard a Cassiline priest-warrior, a gypsy like Tsingani, and warriors from Alba (England) and Eire (Ireland). The atmosphere of the court is suitably Machiavellian, the villian and villianess multidimensional, and the customs rich and complex.  I could wish the author go a bit lighter on the foreshadowing, since it gives away a lot of surprising turns in the story.  Phedre is an intriguing heroine that defies classification.  Her story is poigant without being mushy. It is her interesting tastes in sex that provide the book with its graphic moments.  There are s&m scenes that might offend some people, but they are well done and not overly graphic.   The book is great as a stand alone but the author has plans for a trilogy.  The second book Kushiel's Chosen will be out in Apirl 2002 and she is doing research on Egypt for the third book.  I know I'll be waiting eagerly for the second installment.     