 This book or series of books was very thought provoking.  After I finished it I immediately reread it because I felt that in my first reading I had missed a lot of the details that became important later.  What also made this a definite repeat read is the complex layers upon layers of events and the genre transcending plot.  This is not just a fantasy novel, nor it is completely science fiction, there is history and alternate history, loads of military history, a bit of time travel, and a gutsy heroine that stands out amid the blood and gore.  This book is broken into four part in the US the are, A Secret History, Carthage Ascendent, The Wild Machine, and Lost Burgundy.  The first book had a particularity beautiful cover with a mesmerizing female warrior in silvery armor that reflected a landscape.   The books are presented as the work of a scholar that decided to do a book on the history of Ash, a fifteenth century female mercenary.  Using a series of e-mails the scholar communicates with his publisher about the bizarre things that are happening.  The manuscripts he based the book on either mysteriously disappear or just as mysteriously get reclassified from history to romantic fiction.  He continues to write his book but amid questions about the authenticity of his work.  Then suddenly archaeologist discover a ruin of "Carthage" in the sea off Africa in an area that has always been barren.  This Carthage shows signs that it existed until just five centuries ago contradicting the historical fact that Carthage was destoryed by Rome over two thousand years ago.  But it is exactly where the Ash manuscripts say it is. So who is this Ash?  We meet her at the age of eight as she kills two men who rapes her.  This earns her the attention of the captain of the mercenary band she is with.  As she grows up in mercenary camp the reader starts to realized that the world she lives in is not quite the one we know from history.  The people worship the green Christ, and the city of Carthage is still a power base in Africa.  After an encounter with a lion in the forest, Ash believes she is blessed by it.  As evidence she hears a voice that tells her military strategies that helps her win battles.  Before she even turns twenty, Ash was already commanding her own mercenary army. Suddenly Carthage launches an all out assault on Europe and quickly conquers most of Europe.  Ash realizes that her voice is really that of a machine in Carthage that seems to be behind the attack.  And riding at the head of the invading army is a women that looks exactly like Ash, and she hears voices too. Strangely the machine insists that Burgundy Must Die.  Why Burgundy?  What is the machine's Agenda?  Who is Ash, really? These questions and the questions of the reappearing artifacts in modern Africa are answered in the subsequent books.  The plot is too complex to explain in a review but it is very intricate and at times confusing.  The author has a degree in War Studies and she uses her knowledge well in crafting believable battle scenes and gives an un-glorified account of the battlefield conditions as well as the conditions of a city under siege. The character of Ash is perplexing.  She is strong and practical to the point of ruthlessness.  She is at times vulnerable emotionally but has such mental focus that it is scary to see her plan an attack while standing the bodies of her sliders.  There is so many layers to her that with every reading you'll discover something new. I absolutely loved this book.  The scientific questions it raises at the end are very interesting and Ash is wonderful to see in action.  There is little romance but there are relationships that are explored galore.  What is also plentiful is gore filled battle scenes that might be too much for some.  So stay out of the way of the spurting arterial blood if that is not your thing, but otherwise pick up the one volume British edition or all four US editions.     