 It is always hard to judge the end of a series.  They have their ups and downs but in the end the characters are what keeps me wanting more.  After an abscence of several years, we meet Cheftu and Chloe again as disaster strikes in ancient Israel.  I found it disappointing that the problems alluded to in the prologue were not explored.  All we know is that the marriage is infertile and Chloe was not happy as she thought she would be.  Her abrupt death and subsequent journey to Ur left many questions unanswered.  Once there, I found the character in whose body Chloe exits interesting and wanted to spend more time with her.  Alas that was not to be.  Chloe takes over and settles into a comfortable life as a refugee in the house of a justice who falls in love with her.  In her time in Ur, she inadvertently revolutionize writing and introduced co-ed schools.  While this is interesting, we didn't hear from her voice but from that of other minor characters.  This scattering of narration made the book fragmentary. It wasn't until Cheftu shows up in a new body that the action starts with a breathless rapidity that leaves the problems in the relationship between the main characters unexplored.  Wouldn't it be great that everytime you had a problem you can start off anew in another time and place.  After their exodus from Ur with a contingent of citizens to settle a new city.  The novel shifts to a travelog of cities in the Mesopetamia.  This let the actually founding of Babylon become a footnote at the last chapter and a lot of interesting possible actions were untouched.  It made me wonder if the author changed the focus of the novel as she wrote and at the end was unready to let the characters go.   I did enjoy meeting Cheftu and Chloe again, but they didn't spend enough of the book together.  Nor were they dealing with problems that we were told of in the prologue but seperation and reunion seemed to cure all.  While I'm a fan of external actions driving a novel I wanted to know more of what has happended since the last book.  It is like meeting old friends and not being able to ask how they have been for the past years.     