 I took the time to scan a few previous reviews before I started mine.  Those of which were done by readers who read previous books by Kay.  All gave him fewer than five stars and stated the reason was that Kay's previous books were better.  Well, this is the first book I've read by Kay and I have no other books to compare it to other than the drivel that sometimes comes from aspiring writers.  I found Last Light of the Sun to be well written and page turning.  There was an impression Kay added to paper that had more to do with the daily lives of the characters.  He showed us how each of us and the decisions we make can affect everyone we come into contact with.  I especially liked the way he would stop and explain the path of life the less than minor characters took after coming into contact with a major character.  He didn't drone on and on, but simply took a few paragraphs to a couple of pages to name the person they ran into, hired, whatever, and said what became of them.  It made me think of all the impressions I place on the people I come into contact with.  People I know I will never see again, but perhaps there was something I said or did that pushed them choose a different path in life.  Was it positive, negative, or nothing at all?  Now to the book, those of you wondering what the story is about; basically you have two main characters:  Barn and Alun.  The story flips from characters to characters as well as several others major charcters that stay in close contact with these two.  Barn represents the viking aspect--maradering, killing, etc.  But he really is just a good guy that had a lot of bad luck in his life.  Basicallly he is just trying to keep his butt out of trouble.  Then you have Alun, who represents the Welch prince (other names used in book).  He goes through a tramatic life alternating experence and wants revenge.  Other characters include fathers, kings, and the king's children.  There are women in the story, but Kay is a very well researched author and properly gave women the same rights they had in this time period--NONE.  Although a few women, very few, have the intelligence to use what they have to their best advantage.  Those women with the wholier than thou attitude--leave it behind before you pick up the book.  (I can say these things because I'm a women):-)  Kay flips back and forth between all characters and then slowly brings them together in the end.    I read this in under two days and kept wanting to flip forward to make sure characters were going to be reintroduce quickly before reading on.  I greatly enjoyed this book and am eager to read all these other books Kay has written that is supposedly much better than this one.  Happy Reading!     