 I think I rathered the first one because I laughed more.  This second enstallment was much more serious and not so funny.  Not to say that is a bad thing, just I like being able to laugh.  This sequel picks up only a few months where the first one left off.  Rachel finds herself penniless, rideless, and (after her latest job stiffs her) jobless.  While waiting for Ivy to give her a lift back to their home (in an other life it was a church) she is approached by a FIB agent and asked to accompany him back to the office; Mr. Edden (the guy who got her IS bounty dropped in the first book) wanted to see her.  Well, they needed help interviewing an Inderlander about a missing person; this missing person just might be the latest murder victim in a string of witch murders.  Rachel ends up becoming a consultant and hired by the FIB to make a run.  What she didn't expect was being partnered with Edden's son, Glenn.    Right off the top Rachel is insistent that these murders were done by Trent Kalamack, her old nemesis.  Rachel goes into over drive demanding everyone at the FIB must arrest him because she knew in her GUT that he was the murderer.  And why won't anyone listen to her?  When the FIB refused to jump to her every little demand--she screamed, rant and pouted like a nine year old child. (Then she wondered why they took her off the case?--Hmmmm--I wonder?)  In the Good, the Bad, and the Undead, the reader will be relieved to find out Trent's secret, Ivy's secret, and low and behold, Rachel's boyfriend, Nick's, secret, too. (What?  You didn't know he had a secret?) Many questions you probably had from the first will be answered.  Like in the first book, Jenks and his broad of children steal the show and much to my pleasure the sexy undead vampire Kirhin makes several very sexy appearances.  (I have a feeling we'll be seeing much more of him;-)  I love Harrison's world she created.  The cast of characters are intriguing.  The plot will keep you reading.  I have only two faults.  The first was the editing.  For example, through when it should have been thorough and a multitude of extra and misplaced words causing the reader to stumble when he/she reads.  My second problem is Rachel's character.  She is such a baby. Self-absorbed and the temper-tantrums can drive a person to distraction.  All through the book she demands that she is right beyond question--that her gut instinct can't possible be wrong--only to find out she is wrong.  Plus, Harrison describes her as this tall frizzy haired board.  No boobs, no butt, not even nice hair, basically unattractive--yet all these men want to get in her pants?  How strange?  Oh well, I suppose minor problems in the whole sceme of things, unless your one of those people that can't get over it.  One good thing I do like about the Rachel character is that she is a loyal friend to the end.       