 I use to read this series as filler between Llaurel K. Hamiltion's Anita series.  Roles have now reversed.  I'm reading Anita series as filler between the Sookie's series.  This series is just wonderful.  I love it.  The last novel had some really steamy sex scenes between Sookie and Eric, which was fun.  I was worried that Harris was turning in the same direction that Hamiltion has unfortuantely turned.  All sex, and no plot.  Dead as a Doornail was a relief.  So be honest, there was not a single sex scene in the entire book--only plot.  Not to say the book wasn't "romantic", Sookie definately has several romanic interest.  Or at least there are several paranormal creatures that are interested in Sookie, only she's not ready for that sort of thing.  I love the fact that Harris keeps Sookie true to her personality.  You can't forget that Bill was her first love, her first sexual partner and Eric only her second.  She's not some cheap fluzzy that jumps from bed parter to bed partner (Something that has become prevalent in the Anita books).  If you read the book's excerpt, it leads you to believe the book is primarily about the panthier colony and Jason.  Not so.  The book begins with Jason going through his first transformation and embracing it.  Good for him.  The book really centers around a serial killer.  A sharp shooter that is targeting shapeshifters.  Of course, the cops have no idea what the connection between the three victims, but those in the paranormal world do.  When Sam is the third one shot, they have to find a replacement bartender.  Sookie turns to Eric as a favor to Sam and ask if he could lone one to the bar.  Here's what's going on with the men in Sookie's life:  Eric is still going crazy wondering what happened during the time he spent at her house.  Bill is moving on--seeing someone new.  Sam is still attracted to Sookie, while she is still denying it.  Alcide shows up to ask a favor.  Calvin still want's her as a wife.  She holds all these guys at arm length, explaining to each she doesn't want to get involve.  None seem to take her seriously.  Something else I like about Sookie over Anita is that not every man likes or wants her.  Andy still hates her.  Claude can care less, etc.  It makes her more realistic.  I'm looking forward to the next, I hope it won't be another year.     