 The "anointed" is what Sowell calls the left wing. He is a conservative, holding the "tragic vision" of the world. This book is opposition research on how the left sees the world, what sort of policies they advocate, and the results of those policies. 	The anointed assume they possess much knowledge about how to solve society's problems. Take crime. Sowell quotes William Godwin who wrote: "It is impossible that a man would perpetrate a crime, in the moment when he sees it in all its enormity." Sowell also quotes Ramsey Clark, who likewise believed that "healthy, rational people will not injure others." Sowell's interpretation is this: "In both cases, it is the failure of `society' that causes crime, with the criminal being the victim of circumstances." In the vision of the anointed, government programs to provide education and health care would reduce crime. Costs are of no concern. "The cost problem is often waved aside", explains Sowell, "by some such general statement as `Surely a country that can put a man on the moon ...' or fight a war in the Persian Gulf, or build a national highway system, etc., can afford to do whatever is proposed." 	The author skewers "Teflon prophets" on the left. Sowell quotes James Galbraith who claimed that "no large United States corporation, which is also large in its industry, has failed or been seriously in danger of solvency in many years." Sowell lists several large corporations that either went bankrupt or came close, such as Chrysler Corporation. Sowell calls Paul Ehrlich on his 1968 prediction that "In the 1970s and 1980s hundreds of millions of people will starve to death ... ." Ehrlich's inaccurate predictions don't seem to irk Sowell as much as the "power agenda" he advocates. Perhaps Sowell's dismay is that even though Ehrlich went so far as to recommend "population control," his predictions were way off and his character remains "untarnished." In addition to explaining how the left thinks, Sowell outlines how the left implements and defends its ideas and policies. One approach is "the pattern" of declaring a "crisis," proposing a "solution," and then denying any adverse outcomes. Another technique is judicial activism whose proponents "seek judicial decisions which reach beyond these confines [of the U.S. Constitution] to encompass more sweeping moral principles." The media also favor the left. Sowell does not focus on the bias of individuals. Instead he points out the "bias inherent in the way both broadcast and print media operate." "In short," what he means is "the built-in bias of the media is to show what happens right under our noses, with little or no regard to what that has cost elsewhere." 	The Vision of the Anointed is an expression of Sowell's contempt for social "engineering." Any member of the anointed would face a difficult task to write an equally effective rebuttal. If you don't know whether you're "anointed" or "benighted," reading the book will help you decide.     