 *Warning-This contains spoiliers* I find it interesting that everyone who claims this is the greatest game ever admits that it was their first Final Fantasy. To that end, of course no subsequent Final Fantasy is going to live up to it. There is something magical about the Final Fantasy games, at least in my view. But the first you play is really an experience. I'm completely convinced, however, that had VI or VIII been the one to break through to the mainstream, then one of those would be hailed as "the greatest game ever." If you want to strictly look at which game was the most innovative, and most fun, hands down the "best game ever" title should be awarded to FF VI. And while many will disagree with me, and my review will receive countless votes for being unhelpfull, pretty much everyone who's played FFVI (and is willing to accept the inferior graphics since it's an older game) tends to agree it's the best of the series. That said, there is a lot to enjoy in the 7th installment of the Final Fantasy series. The graphics were beautiful when this game came out, the storyline is immense (although this is true of every FF past the fifth), and there are enough sidequests, minigames to satisfy even a picky gamer. The characters are interesting enough, although I never took to Aeries. In fact, someone revealed to me (unfortunately) that she ends up biting the bullet before I even recruited her in the game. I'm willing to concede that I might have been more impressed with the game, had this not been blown. People I've spoken to seemed to think this was a very emotional moment for a game, but it didn't mean anything to me as I knew it was coming. The villain is all right, to be honest I'm not sure what about him fascinates so many gamers-he seems pretty standard to me. The game loses a little momentum for awhile after you exit Midgar, and the aspect of "saving the planet" seems to be dropped almost entirely. I would say that any Final Fantasy fan is likely to enjoy this one, I just personally can't believe that it's the best of the bunch.     