 Seasons one and two of 24 began with a bang, and you were hooked from the start. Season 3, while a great season, does not manage to hook you from the first episode. Sure, there is an interesting surprise about Jack's activities over the past year at the end of the first episode, but overall something seems missing.  Fear not. This is 24. And good things come to those who wait.   Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) is back at CTU, now head of field operations. It's been roughly three years since terrorists attempted to detonate a nuclear bomb on US soil, and Jack has spent the last year undercover with a group of drug dealing brothers- the Salazars. Jack has managed to take one of them, Ramon Salazar, to prison but it soon becomes apparent that Hector Salazar might have some leverage that could lead to his brother's release- a deadly virus that he could release upon Los Angeles.   Jack and partner Chase Edmunds (James Badge Dale) soon find themselves caught up in a struggle to stop the release of this virus. Also returning to the fold are CTU director Tony Almeida (Carlos Bernard) and his now-wife Michelle Dessler (Reiko Aylesworth). Jack's daughter Kim (Elisha Cuthbert) has spent the last few years finding ways to make herself less useless and is now employed at CTU under Tony and Michelle. Meanwhile, President David Palmer (Dennis Haysbert) faces his own troubles when it appears his opponent in the Presidential race has dirt on his new girlfriend.  While this may seem like a lot of spoilers, I assure you, this is nothing. Anyone who has seen Seasons One and Two of 24 (and if you haven't, I suggest you start with those as this is a series meant to be viewed from the start) knows that 24 is a series jam-packed with action and the plot will take many twists and turns.   Kim is still annoying in this season, but at least she is annoying in a less distracting capacity as she is directly involved in the main plot of the season this time around. The initial story involving President Palmer is not nearly as interesting as last season's conspiracy against him but that story will pick up considerably, especially when Sherry Palmer (Penny Johnson Jerald) returns midseason. Also returning is 24's other favorite villainess Nina Myers (Sarah Clarke). Also, I feel it necessary to inform you: this season has no amnesia, and no cougar. You can all sigh in relief now.  The DVD also has great bonus features. In fact, there's an extra disc worth of features. Most notable is a brief prelude to season 4's events that you can't see anywhere else.      