 ******This review is for those who have already seen Season One. If you are not among that crowd, watch that season before you even think about watching this one******** 24's second season find's Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) ready for another day that's bad beyond my ability to convey. When we first catch up with Jack, we find him no longer employed at CTU, and alienated from his daughter Kim (Elisha Cuthbert), who's recently begun caring for an abused child with a psychopathic father. Jack is quickly called back to work when President Palmer (Dennis Haysbert) and his aides learn there is a nuclear bomb somewhere in L.A. set to go off that very day. Palmer, himself, is forced to deal with a possible conspiracy against him, and the return of his not-so-pleasant ex-wife, Sherry (Penny Johnson-Jerald). George Mason (Xander Berkeley) now heads CTU, with Tony Almeida (Carlos Bernard) working just under him, as well as several new faces. Meanwhile, Kate Warner (Sarah Wynter) suspects her sister's husband-to-be may be involved with terrorists.  24's second season features just as much action and suspense as season one, and even improves upon the previous season in some respects. The entire season seems to have been planned in advance this time around, so almost all of the plot developments fit together nicely and make perfect sense. Some of these twists will surprise the hell out of you, and even the ones that won't will please because the show is well-written and well-acted.  The only thing that keeps these episodes from earning five stars is Kim Bauer's plot line, which is like an extended bad dream. Whereas all of the other plots come together, Kim just seems to be in the mix because the writers/producers wanted to keep the character around. The scenes involving Kim (with the notable exception of one involving a disturbing phone call from her father) all distract more than anything else. This is not to say it was in any way actress Elisha Cuthbert's fault-the writers simply should have found a way to work her into the plot better. As it is, a series of unbelievable mini-disasters happen to Kim.  Still, her role is thankfully kept to a minimum and won't ruin an otherwise A+ television series. This DVD package is also significantly better than the one for Season one. It features chapters, commentaries, and several featurettes. Don't miss out on this excellent DVD.     