 The fact that the brilliant fourth season gets the same rating on Amazon as the "still trying to master the art of cartoons" first season bewilders me. By the fourth season, the producers had mastered their art and the result is nothing short of amazing.   Just to correct the most recent review I read, "Lemon of Troy" is a sixth season episode. As a diehard fan, I'm the only one who'd be concerned about correcting such an error, but nonetheless had to point it out.  This is the season where the show had reached it's peak where it would remain until after season 7. There is not a single bad episode in this collection. This is a point in the show where the writers had found the perfect balance between humor and heart. In earlier seasons, there was heart ahead of humor. In later seasons, there's in-your-face humor and no heart. But this season balances it so well and embodies everything people have come to love about the best cartoon ever made.   If you've never seen an episode of the Simpsons before (and I realize I'm addressing an extremely small minority group here) this is the set to start with. The Simpsons is not a show where you need to see the previous episodes to get the humor. In the early years, the show seldom referenced other episodes.   For those of you who are familiar with our favorite family, this set includes the classic episodes "Mr. Plow" where Homer gets a snowplow only to find his best friend has become his rival, "Marge Vs. the Monorail" a brilliant spoof of the Music Man that's funny even if you've never heard of the Music Man, "Whacking Day" in which Bart gets expelled from school and Springfield celebrates a local tradtion that involves beating snakes to death with a whacking stick, "Duffless" in which Homer gets a DWI and Lisa compares her brother to a hamster for her science fair project, "Last Exit To Springfield" in which Homer becomes head of the Power Plant Union to take back their Dental Plan. The truth is every episode in this set is a winner. I could go on and on because I consider pretty much every one a classic in it's own right.   Special features include commentary on all 22 episodes, some outtakes, animatics, and easter eggs.   You won't regret purchasing this one. Promise.     