 When Angel was on Buffy the Vampire Slayer, I tended to share Xander's feelings about him. Frankly, he just didn't seem that interesting when he wasn't evil, and surely he wouldn't be evil most of the time on his own series. But I wanted to see the series Angel anyway, mostly because Charisma Carpenter (who was always hilariously evil on Buffy) was also going to be on it. I was not disapointed. I like Angel (the character) much better now that he isn't simply used to whine about how he can't be with Buffy (though there is still some of that this season). This series begins with Angel relocating to LA and meeting up with Cordy (who aspires to be an actress) and Doyle, a demon who gets visions of people in need of help. Immediately, I liked him. Who wouldn't like an Irish demon? Anyway, this series begins with mostly standalone episodes, and some people argue that the show was still trying to find it's path and that these standalone episodes are of poor quality. I tend to disagree. While the season long story arcs are good too, there was nothing wrong with these standalone shows. All of them (with the exception of "She" which is notable for one scene involving Angel dancing, but otherwise is among the worst I've seen on either Buffy or Angel) are of high quality. Not quite midway through the season, Glenn Quinn (Doyle) gets written out and replaced by Wesley Wyndem-Pryce. At this point, all three of the regulars are characters from Buffy the Vampire Slayer. While they are all good characters, it now seemed Angel didn't have a true identity of it's own. Indeed, I would say that's the one problem with this season. For one thing, it's best viewed with Buffy Season 4 (there are several crossover episodes) and some of the action may be confusing to those who haven't seen Buffy before (since all of the main characters came from Buffy and had backstory established there). Still, the series would eventually come to stand on it's own, and even if it doesn't here, that won't stop you from enjoying Season One. In fact, if you're already a fan of Buffy, it may enhance your enjoyment. You'll get guest appearences from Faith, Spike, Oz, and the Slayer herself. Not too shabby.     