 Okay, let me begin by saying I love this series and I'm confident you will too. However, there are some faults with both this DVD package and the overall storyline of the first season. This, however, will not keep you from enjoying what is essentially a 24 hour movie packaged as a weekly television show.  Kiefer Sutherland stars as Jack Bauer, a federal agent for the Counter Terrorist Unit in Los Angeles. Around midnight, Jack is called into work where he meets up with fellow agents Nina Meyers (Sarah Clarke), and Tony Almeida (Carlos Bernard), among others. Jack soon learns that one of his own people might be working against him in a plot to assassinate presidential hopeful David Palmer (Dennis Haysbert). As if Jack's troubles aren't enough, wife Terri (Leslie Hope) calls with news that dutiful daughter Kim (Elisha Cuthbert) has snuck out with a friend and is missing. Jack's day only gets worse from here. 24 is presented in a real-time format. Each episode represents one hour in Jack Bauer's struggle to protect Senator Palmer and his own family. Each hour is complete with surprising twists, and first-rate acting. You'll be stunned more than once.  There are a few problems with the first season that lower the rating of this set. These problems are understandable however. Initially, it looked like the show might be cancelled in the middle of the first season's run, which forced the producers to conclude some story aspects early. Then the show was picked up for a full season, and they were forced to regroup and keep the story going for more episodes. This lead to some lame twists in the middle of season one, though I won't reveal them. Of course, if you've already read the Amazon review, at least one of them has been spoiled for you (note to Amazon, great job with that by the way!). However, said lame twist bothers me a lot less than the season's ending twist, which will leave you saying, "huh?" It doesn't make complete sense. Fortunately, you can come up with explanations that make the twist work. It just takes a little stretch of the imagination since the writers never bother explaining it themselves. 24 is very much about stretching the imagination, however. For a series like this to work, you have to let some things slide. I mean, sure it takes Jack three to five minutes to drive to just about anywhere in L.A., but would we really want to see Jack stuck in traffic for five hours? I personally would not enjoy that.  This particular episode compilation is also short on special features. And I mean immensely short! There is one alternate ending and I believe that might be it. So one star off for the far-fetched ending, and one star off for the subpar DVD set. The episodes themselves will mostly wow you. That's a promise.     