 Okay, first let me just say I understand that this is a collection of Snoop's material ranging from 1998 through 2002 (his days on the No Limit label). I also understand that crafting a greatest hits album is never an easy task. Everyone has their personal favorites and not every good track can make the final cut.  The thing is, greatest hits albums are designed for the casual fan. For someone who likes the artist's music, but doesn't want to shell out the cash for all the albums. So, the question in determining whether or not you have a winning compilation is not would it satisfy the hardcore fans, but would it satisfy someone who just wants the best of the best. This "best of" collection would not.   If the album had been titled, "The Best of Snoop Dogg's No Limit Years" or "Snoop Dogg: 1998-2002", I think I would take less issue with it's release. But the fact is, this title is just misleading to the customer. Snoop's "biggest" hits almost all came from his Death Row days but you won't find "What's My Name?", "Gin & Juice" or "Doggy Dogg World" here. Hell, even "My Heart Goes Boom," one of the best cuts from the No Limit years is missing.   But enough about what isn't here. Let's talk about what is here. The best song on this compilation is easily "Beautiful" and "The One and Only" is also quite good. But the Stone Cold Steve Austin Theme? What's My Name and Gin and Juice......Part II? Several other songs the casual fan hasn't even heard of?   The bottom line is I don't think someone who just wants the best of Snoop's material should begin here. The prior-released Death Row's Snoop Doggy Dogg Greatest Hits offers more of Snoop's best songs, but also some uneven rarities. I would suggest a casual fan just buy a copy of "Doggystyle." Honestly, it contains most of the best work Snoop has ever done and I think it might be good enough to convince you to listen to what Snoop has produced since. Some of this "Best of" collection may be all right, but if I thought this was truly the Dogg's best work, I wouldn't be too eager to listen to the rest. Do yourself a favor and pass this one by.     