 Final Fantasy IX was definitely designed for the fans who've been with Final Fantasy since the beginning. And while the less realistic character designs and medieval setting may turn off those jumped on the band wagon when FF VII hit the market, these factors give the rest of us a warm, fuzzy feeling. FF IX brings back many things I remember from the FF's I played as a kid, yet implemented them into a story I can enjoy as a 20-year old (actually, I was 17 or 18 when I first played it, but I still enjoy it today). The review on the back of the box puts it quite well: "In every way, it takes the best of the old and mixes it with the best of the new." The result is the best Final Fantasy since VI.  There are many things you need to think about before you decide if this game is for you. Which FF was your favorite? The most common answers will be VI or VII. If VI was your favorite, IX may give it a run for it's money. If VII was your favorite, you may still like this game, but chances are you're going to walk away unsatisfied. And that's a shame, because this really is a game that's great beyond my ability to convey to you.  The previous two FF games were set in a more futuristic setting, whereas this one is set in the medieval days like the old FF games were. You still have air ships though. Go figure. It's a fantasy. Many complain that the story isn't as deep as VII or VIII, but that's not really true. FF IX has a story that's easy to understand, but it's also easy to miss the underlying meaning of it. FF IX is about life, and what it means to live. And what it means to die. The story will grab ahold of you if you can get past the cartoony characters, which frankly never bothered me, as I played all of the older titles.  The graphics are quite good by PS1 standards, and the battles are fast paced, and fun. You can also have four members in your party in this game, which is a feature I really missed in VII and VIII as a four character battle system really works much better than a three character battle system. The summons have been shortened, so you don't have to spend 15 minutes staring at one you've already seen every time you want to use one.  I also think that it's about time FF had a likable character at the lead. I could never relate to Squall or Cloud, as they seemed arrogant and stuck on themselves. Sure, they become more deep as the story progresses, but it was just hard to give a damn about them. Zidane, on the other hand, is a character everyone can root for (more like Locke from FF VI, but with a tail).  While I loved VIII's story, I found the gameplay dragged at times. Not so with IX. I think everyone can enjoy this game. No one should have too much difficulty beating it, even without a strategy guide. There are many interesting minigames and sidequests (the card game in this one is far better than the one in VIII, and much more entertaining than Blitzball) to keep you occupied for some time. And the Moogles are back! I better quit now. I could go on for days.     