 Futurama is an intelligent show that can be enjoyed by just about anyone, but it is also incredibly nerdy (the robot apartment numbers are all in 1's and 0's to go with their binary coding). I mean that in a good way of course! Nerds need their own show too! This, of course, means that there are jokes in this set that many people will never understand. That's fine, because this set is so jam-packed with jokes, you may not even realize you've missed some.   Futurama, in case someone actually doesn't know, is from Matt Groening, the man who brought us "Life In Hell" and much more importantly, "The Simpsons." And I think it's fair to say if you like "The Simpsons" you'll probably like "Futurama" too.  Like the Simpsons, it has a large cast of characters with the Matt Groening trademark yellow skin and four fingers. The show's humor is also similar to the Simpsons in many ways, although obviously the Simpsons never did so many science fiction jokes.  In the first episode, we meet lowly pizza delivery boy Phillip J. Fry (usually simply referred to as Fry) working on the 31st of December, 1999. Long story short, Fry ends up getting frozen in a tube and wakes up to find himself in the year 3000. There he meets the beautiful cyclops Turanga Leela, and the thieving cigar smoking robot Bender. The three of them end up working at an intergalactic package delivery company for Fry's great, great (let's skip a few great's here) nephew Hubert Farnsworth. Other notable members of the Futurama cast you'll meet in Season One include: Amy Wong (a clutz from Mars), Dr. Zoidberg (a lobster alien who smells like he eats garbage and does), Hermes Conrad (a Jamaican accountant), Zapp Branigan (a bumbling idiot of a space captain who seems to have a thing for William Shatner), and Kif Kroker (Zapp's lackey).   From the quirky notion of celeb heads living in jars ("I don't do that anymore" is Leonard Nimoy's response when asked do his infamous hand signal from "Star Trek") to brilliant spoofs of movies ranging from "Animal House" to "Titanic," there is truly something for everyone in Futurama's first season, and unlike "The Simpsons" first season, Futurama got it right from day one.  Featuring the voice talents of Billy West ("Ren & Stimpy"), Katey Sagal (Peg from "Married With Children"), John Dimaggio and more truly top-notch voice artists.  Every episode in this set includes commentary, which is often funny and informative. Don't miss out.      