 I read this one in 4 nights. Chocked full of stuff I had forgotten from 40 years ago. The verbiage is excellent and if that isn't good enough the authors throw boxes with meanings of other terms right on the page and a Glossary in the back of some 20 pages. Also throughout the book are boxes with humorous insertions by the authors (Mike's Corner), Beneath the Surface boxes which are insights or additional information, Secrets of the Deep boxes with unexpected facts and the above mentioned Subtalk box which helps with the terminology. I was shocked to see the detail that is included about the nuclear plant. For you ex-submarine "nukes" out there, I am talking about Tave, Green Band, Pressurizer pressure and other readings and capacities. The explanations of reactor operations is really a lesson in Pressurized Water Reactors. An example is the detailed explanation of the procedures and language used when the CO sneaks back and scrams the reactor.  Other system descriptions that I've never seen before include a lot on the Sonar systems, Weapons, Radio and Periscope systems. Even the Garbage Ejector is explained as is the Hovering System, Interior Communications, Atmosphere Contol and many other of the ships control features, procedures and devices. Emergency procedures are covered in depth and that includes all the "reactor" plant problems and steam leaks. Perhaps the reactor theory and emergencies are covered in more detail than most will have some difficulty with, I found it candy because I have been through the training and assisted in reactor operatons for 4 years.  Creature comforts was the only chapter that could have been expanded. The movies, games, library, exercise equipment, CDs, DVDs, all night card games, email home, and those much desired family-grams from home. Also, eating and cooking were gone over a little too quickly.  But this book has just shut the door on Clancy's "Submarine." No comparison. This is "THE" book to read to help you explain newer submarines to civilians who may be asking more than the usual type of "where are windows" type questions.  From the author's jocular use of terms like "sonar girls", "S... Pump", "Nukes" to calling the Electricians the smartest in the entire crew, I found the book a pleasure and a welcome read in the wonderful world of the Silent Service.  Other interesting features include a history of submarining of some 51 pages, interesting stories about Admiral Rickover and the authors feelings and remembrances while he was a rider.     