 Review:     "The Submarine" by Thomas Parrish Viking-2004-576 pages including notes and large bibliography 	Over the past ten years, many submarine books have passed by my reading chair.  There has been a fair mix of fiction and non-fiction.  The fictional books are needed to keep a level of interest and fun going through the much tougher reading non-fiction works.  Some of the fictional books are keepers.  All of the non-fiction works have lasting value and are keepers.  Some of these later genre of books are ingrained in my mind as worthy of greater accolades than they receive in that brief period before and after the publishing date.   	In my opinion, "The Submarine" falls into that more worthy class.  There are two books that are recent that tell the whole story of submarines and retain the readers interest throughout.  "The Navy Times Book of Submarines" and "The Submarine" are those two works.  Certainly you must say that Clay Blair's works and Norman Friedman's technical works are very important but in ways that handle a specific time frame or the more technological advances in submarine building. 	Parrish does a superior job of research and his bibliography of 10 pages indicates his devotion to detail and accuracy.  Yet the book is full of anecdotes and facts that were new to me and added great interest.  The book traces early developmental history to the Holland versus Lake early days through the battles with Admiral Rickover and Electric Boat and Congress.,  I never tire of hearing tales of the wily Rickover or of the work done by "Red" Raborn in the early Polaris missile program.  All areas are covered from the Turtle through the USS Virginia SSN 774.   	The books should be included in every serious submarine historian's library and referred to often.  Although my library now resides in storage and is waiting it's placement as the cornerstone of a planned museum's library, this book will stay here and join my retained works that form the core of my knowledge.  Those being Silent Victory, Thunder Below, Submarine Operations in WWII, Friedman's 2-volume work, United States Submarines, Admiral Lockwood's books, Blind Man's Bluff, Hitler's U-Boat Wars and a few others.   	My thanks to Thomas Parrish for his devotion and for helping me fulfill the Creed of U.S. Submariner Veterans, which is to "perpetuate the memory of our shipmates." (...)     