 Review: SILENT STEEL:  The Mysterious Death of the Nuclear Attack Sub USS Scorpion    I first met up with the author (Stephen Johnson) back in 1997. Stephen was a writer for the Houston Chronicle.  He had written articles on the Scorpion and I finally received permission to get them posted on my Web pages.  I found him after he had moved to Virginia after I heard he was writing this book.      I served on the submarine built in the ways at EB vacated by the just launched Skipjack. Next to us was the work going on that involved cutting the original Scorpion hull in half for the George Washington. I feel some commonality with everyone who served on the Skipjack class boats.  Later I lost an Electrician Mate classmate on the Thresher, which was deeply meaningful to me.  But I do not remember anyone on my boat opting out of the submarine service because of the 593 loss.  That in itself is a tribute the men who ride these silent steel sharks.     I have often wondered why I am interested in reading about these accidents.  There were two books and then a revision of one of them on the Thresher and now we have a very authoritative book on the Scorpion.  Is it a desire to find fault with someone who caused the loss of my shipmates?  Was it a design fault? Or was it perhaps the Navy's fault for overextending and under funding the boats in that period? I don't remember any funding problems with the missile boat I served on from 1963 to 1968.  But maybe our boat had priority funding.  We were trying to keep Russia at bay in the 60s.     Whatever the reason, I thoroughly enjoyed Silent Steel.  I hope it puts to bed the ravings of John Craven and his torpedo theory and the boat turning back east theory.  Craven said the boat turned east to cancel the arming of a hot run torpedo.  Yet the boat was found aimed West and the bow section was found aimed at 345 degrees.  Also there was not any external explosion damage found in any photograph taken to date. The GDU and battery problem are discussed thoroughly. The author leaves room for some yet to be discovered theory or finding.  Mr. Johnson does not hold back on naming people and faulting the Navy for its lack of concern for this boat, from CNO down. The 589 was the only boat in the Atlantic Fleet not to have undergone a complete SubSafe Certification and to which the EmerMainBallastTank blow system was never completed.  The interviews with past crewmen were very meaningful.  One crewman who was critical of the boat and did ask off was never interviewed by the investigation.     This book is a study and a monumental work.  The Blind Man's Bluff work on submarine tragedies.  We, the veterans who served with pride will remember this work as a tribute to the men who served and not a scathing revelation.  Thanks for the great read.  Rated ***** of *****  Ron Martini     