 I remembered seeing this in its theatrical release, and it carried a positive recollection that led me to buy the DVD. Now I can't imagine what I was thinking. Perhaps it was a good film for the era, and we should leave it at that. The story treads the well-worn path of The Forbin Project and numerous Twilight Zone episodes: can we establish a mechanically enforced Utopia that we'd really want to be stuck in forever? As usual, the answer comes back "No." This film adds immortality to the mix, so that the boredom isn't passed between generations, instead it's piled upon the same group of humans, called the "Immortals," century after century. One thing that was very successful about the film was the sensuality Boorman managed to convey through the cinematograpy. Moments of nudity were tastefully done, and actually reinforce the asexual overtones of Immortal society. You really got the impression that these people had lived together for so long doing the same old things that NOTHING, not even sex, seemed worth the bother. And there were the legions of "apathetics" who hardly bothered to move or feed their bodies any more. As usual, women in a perfect society all look like supermodels from that film's era (the 70s). Another interesting twist: punishment for transgressions consisted of aging the perpetrator. There was a group of elderly people (shunned of course), but most in the movie looked more or less like 20somethings. A lot of things devolved predictably from this mix: Connery, the "barbarian" outsider, is tasked with saving the soul, if not the body, of Immortal society by making them mortal again and mixing them with the rest of the world. Once this was set up, the only reason I kept watching was because I wanted to see how they worked it out, assuming that would tell me why I thought I liked the movie. This was a trial at times, since Boorman set the pace a touch too slow in places, perhaps to underscore the Immortals' boredom by giving a bit to the audience. Also, there were a couple of those "special effects sequences" of the sort that Hitchcock did in Vertigo and Kubrick overdid in 2001. Boorman, like Kubrick, ran the sequences far longer than necessary. I like thought provoking films, but there were too many red herrings in Zardoz, things that made no sense. Why was sameness prized and age a stigma, especially after the centuries had rendered physical appearances uninteresting? In any case, the red herrings can give you an entertaining time -- after all, why else would a 3 star movie be worth all these words?     