 I've had my G2 for about 3 weeks and (thanks to a Big Event) had the opportunity to pump several hundred images into it over a four day period. Once I got used to it, I found it to be a very satisfying replacement for other cameras I've used (SLRs, digital video as replacement for still camera, point and shoot compacts).  I especially enjoy taking candids in available light, and this is the first compact camera I've used that actually lets me do this effectively. This is because I have reliable control over the flash and I can review pictures taken in questionable light to see if they worked or not. I also used the G2 on a tripod to make a photographic copy of a large family oil painting, and the results were about what I'd expect from typical 35mm film in the hands of a casual user. I used the "remote capture" mode with a laptop, and must say that this mode works, but not as smoothly as you might expect. When using available light, I admit I'm disappointed that the ISO setting maxes out at 400, but in my experience that's usually been enough, especially with an f2.0 lens, and the G2 can generally provide f2.0 (though you lose that maximum opening at longer focal lengths). The G2 gamely tries to take pictures even when the light is a bit too low, and it simply tries to warn you to hold the camera extra-steady. The low-light picture results were comparable to what I achieved with film - some sharp, some blurry, some grainy, often depending on the quality of the lighting. The level of detail I achieved in my JPEGs was comparable to what I'd seen under similar conditions with a good film camera.  I often ran the G2 in "slow motor drive" mode since this would allow you to take several pictures in a row. Otherwise the camera would pause dramatically between shots as it pushed the previous image onto the compact flash card. In a sense, this was the biggest adjustment I had to make to this camera -- its computer would occasionally go off and do things, leaving the camera insensible to my need to take a picture, and I'd have to wait a second or two for it to catch up with me. The motor drive mode helped minimize this problem. Of course, the digital camera, and the G2 in particular, carries benefits that were only fantasies in the world of film. I installed a 256K CF card, and the thing held HUNDREDS of pictures! And even though I overused the motor drive setting, I could go back and discard the less interesting pictures WITHOUT WASTING FILM. So by the end of my 4-day event, I had already edited out many of the less promising pictures I'd taken. Another G2 shortcoming is that there's no way to change the orientation of a picture stored on the CF card. Even if you tell the camera which way to orient a picture (there's a menu entry), you lose that information if you simply copy the picture off of the CF card. I found that surprising. (For that matter, today's smart camera ought to sense which way is up, and store the image appropriately.) In closing, let me comment on battery usage. I bought a second battery and didn't start using it till the THIRD DAY of shooting! Note that I mostly relied on the viewfinder, and rarely used the flash. But I regularly used the LCD to review and edit the pictures I'd taken. I never plugged in the camera during the entire four days, since I'd already charged up the other battery. So you can push A LOT of pictures through a single battery charge. Plusses: the benefits of digital technology, film-like resolution, lots of control, a relatively fast lens, a usable viewfinder, awesome battery life. Minuses: ISO tops off at 400, the camera's computer can be slow, and you must use separate editing software to orient pictures. But I suspect the G2 is comparable, if not better, than most other digital cameras in these respects.     