 I bought this treasure chest as a "treat" (for my daughter or myself, I am still not sure) to finish off our study of ancient Egypt.  We couldn't wait, so we opened it right away and were thrilled.  I expected most of the activities to be too hard for my 6yo, but she has enjoyed them thoroughly.  The lock can be a bit hard for small fingers to open, but the key is easy to work and that can be fun enough in itself.  There are 2 board games, both of which she could play.  One is very, very simple (think Chutes and Ladders) while the other requires more strategy.  Depending on your child's interests/abilities in games you might find that you only play one of the two, but we have been happy playing both.  The playing pieces are made rather flimsy light cardboard, but they are functional enough if your child is careful.  The stamping set is about average, and suffers from all the little problems child's stamping kits are heir to, but overall produces legible hieroglyphs.  You'll need an extra pair of hands or weights to hold the papyrus unrolled, but it looks great when you're finished.  The hieroglyph "decoder" wheel has been great fun for my daughter who thinks codes are exciting.  The necklace was a little disappointing, only because the string provided came apart when I tried to disentangle it.  We replaced it with our own string/wire and made our lovely necklace just fine.  The beads had holes large enough for my child to thread them herself, although a needle proved helpful.  The posters (one of deities reverses to one of regents and another one with a map) are attractive and informative without being overwhelming and my daughter enjoyed placing the approppriate stickers on the spaces provided on the map.  The only piece of this chest w ehave not used yet is the grid for reproducing an egyptian picture, but I'm sure many other children are more artistically inclined than mine and will find it fun.  Overall, my daughter and I have enjoyed this kit immensely and highly recommend it.     