 I am a very bad music customer - It is very hard to get me to shell out  money for a cd.  When "Yourself or Someone Like You" came out, I  played it but I didn't realize how much I liked it until my ex moved out  and took it.  Within a month (a very short time for me) I had bought one  for myself. The nineties had pretty much gone by me except for this one  band.  Finally,  a band my age I could relate to.  When I fist heard  "Bent" on the radio, I knew that, for once, I would buy a cd as  soon as it came out, end without even listening to other tracks.  (I turned  out to be wrong, since I just bought it now in August.)  But I  intrinsically trusted the band.  I was not disappointed.  At fist I thought  the album was too polished, overproduced even.  I didn't think it was angry  enough.  "Bent" is really the closest thing to the previous  album.  But the old melancholy is there, and the really good tracks are  just as moving.  It starts out slow, though.  The first two tracks,  "Angry" and "Black and White People" are not really to  my taste, and I consider them filler.  (And you can add the next to last  track, "Stop" to that filler list.) "Crutch" has a bit  of the angst that we have come to appreciate. "Last Beautiful  Girl" is the track that really starts off the record, a really nice  song built around Rob Thomas' leit motif: nineties heartbreak.  This is, of  course, the prevalent theme of "Mad Season".  "If You're  Gone" is another great song and easy to identify with you if you are  prone to overanalyzing relationships.  "Mad Season", the title  track grows on you by degrees, until you find yourself loving it, grooving  along.  "Rest Stop" also resembles the previous album in theme  and composition: the conversation that ends a relationship, at night, in a  car, just three miles form the rest stop.  "The Burn" is also a  song that grows on you, and it should elicit at least a sardonic sympathy  smile.  There's a lot of mirthless smiles in this album.  "Bed of  Lies" is beautiful, as is "Leave",which is the more  rock-like of the two.  "You Won't Be Mine" is a bluesy crescendo  that puts one in mind of smoky clubs.  Excellent track.  The bonus mp3  track, "You and I and I" is also pretty good, and it goes more  along the lines of the previous record.   Thomas sings from the heart, and  his lyrics strike a chord with me.  The band rocks, and they have earned my  admiration.     