 This is a 'must have' software if you hike, bike and recreate outdoors.  The software interface takes a bit of getting use to, but once mastered it provides simple navigation and a lot of information.  I do a lot of mountain biking in Northern California and this software lets you 'preview' a trail by mapping it (you draw a line on the trail) and the software then calculates distance travelled and the cumulative vertical ascent.  This is very helpful in determining how long a ride will take, and how much physical exertion will be required.  It also helps you to track your condition level - as you get in better shape you will be able to do more vertical in less time ...  Once you have created a route you can send it (via e-mail) to friends, or post it on the Topo website to share with others.  Other neat features are a 3 dimensional viewing package (sold separately fo $20) and the ablity to send waypoints to handheld GPS units.    There really aren't any 'cons' to the software.  Some things you should be aware of though are that Garmin (maker of many handheld GPS units) promotes its own topographical software.  This is a pain because Garmin only allows you to send waypoints form the 'Topo' software and you can't upload the detailed maps into the handheld GPS unit.  I own an Extrex Vista and the inability to load maps without buying the Garmin software is an irratant.  The only other comment is that some of the maps in the software are dated so they don't always show the latest information in terms of roads and buildings.  This you just get used to.  Similar to other posts - When hiking or biking in remote areas don't rely on a handheld GPS exclusively, bring a printed map, and have some familiarity with a compass and know generally the area into which you are going - also let other people know where you are going (send an e-mail of your route ...).  This is common sense that will save a lot of headache.  Overall this software is 'a good thing' and I highly recommend it to people who enjoy spending time outside, and it is particularly good for the mountain biking community.        