 This is Christian pop music in fine form.  Catchy hooks that have you singing along in no time.  This CD is fun, plain and simple.   Big Daddy Weave is produced by Jeromy Deibler from FFH and some of that influence can be heard on this recording. Its pop sound is similar in style to Steven Curtis Chapman and some will compare the sound to the Dave Matthews Band, I however will not.  I guess the comparison is made because Big Daddy Weave has a saxophone player.  To me, the Big Daddy Weave sound is much more a "pop" style than the creative, alternative rock style of the Dave Matthews Band, so the addition of a saxophone is really the only link between the two bands that I can hear.  I am pleasantly surprised to hear the distinct sound of the Hammond B3 organ and that is really cool.  (What ever happened to the organ in popular music?)  The instrumentation is unique among Christian bands today and that is refreshing.  Big Daddy Weave will have mass appeal because young and old ears both can appreciate their music. This CD stands out among recent releases in Christian music for a couple of reasons.  One reason is the name "Big Daddy Weave" which is rather unusual and was named after lead singer Mike Weaver.  It's a band name that makes one say "Is that the name of the band?" and people will give it a spin simply out of curiousity, "wonder what they sound like?". The other reason is because of their unique instrumentation, melodic style and simple lyrics. The lyrics are very scripturally based.  Big Daddy Weave is not ashamed to say "Jesus Christ" in their songs and their faith shines through from every track. Their first hit track "In Christ" did well on CCM charts but is now being surpassed by the ballad-style prayer of "Audience of One".  It is an honest and simple plea from the heart of the singer for the Lord to accept his praise and let "me live for You, this song of humility...And Lord as the love song of my life is played, I have one desire to bring glory to Your name".  The song is a metaphor;  that living a life for Him is the "love song" to God, the One, the Audience, hearing this prayer.   This is a delightful CD to listen to when you are just chillin' around the house.  It contains nice smooth ballads, but most of the album is filled with upbeat tempo's and funky rhythms that carry sweet melodies that simply float out of the CD player.  This group has some great musicians in it and I will look forward to them settling into their own style.  Right now it is so easy to say "they sound like Steven Curtis Chapman" or "with that sax they are comparable to Dave Matthews" and as I mentioned above, the FFH influence can also be heard.  They have enough talent to develop their own sound and not have to be compared to anyone else.   3.5 Stars of 5     