  Chris Tomlin's new CD "Live From Austin Music Hall" (Released 12/27/05) is a wonderful collection representative of Tomlin's signature worship songs. From the opener "Indescribable" to the last track "Famous One" the listener is drawn to worship an indescribable God through acknowledgment of a few of His many attributes. Tomlin leads us to praise God's love that endures "Forever", His "Kindness" that brings repentance, and the fact that He is "Unchanging". Tomlin reminds us that "God is on Our Side" and can't be against us, and makes the undeniable statements "This is our God", "How Great is Our God" and that the heaven's declare the "Famous One".  After the initial celebratory applause from the expectant audience is hushed to near silence by quiet, simple strains of solo piano music, Tomlin's voice breaks through for the first time. Accompanied only by solo piano, Tomlin leads the listener into an intimate moment with the Creator singing "From the highest of heights to the depths of the sea ..." and immediately the audience is heard in unison, singing as one voice, this personal prayer song. One of this reviewer's favorite moments on this CD occurs as the second verse begins, again with Tomlin accompanied only by soft piano, we hear him begin "Who has told every lightning bolt where it should go..." and the full band suddenly breaks in adding a thunderous punctuation to the words "lightning bolt". The audience responds in an eruption of applause and delight as they realize they were just lifted to the next level in worship. "Indescribable" is the appropriate choice to lead off this worship album because it sets the tone for things to come and puts the focus on the Creator, the Indescribable.  Next, Tomlin picks up the tempo with the joyous and familiar worship anthem "Forever" and the audience helps keep time with enthusiastic hand-clapping and toe-tapping. The third track on the album reclaims the intimate setting with a melody accompanied by simple bass and acoustic guitar. Tomlin sings about the Lord's "Kindness" and how it leads to repentance.  "Unchanging" is another joyous tune that nudges the audience to "raise up holy hands" to celebrate God's unchanging, never failing nature. Seth Walker, a fellow Texan from Austin, then joins Tomlin onstage to add his vocals to the bluesy rocker "God is On Our Side" that has the sold-out crowd reveling in that very truth, and the fact that He can't be against us. Tomlin also invites David Crowder, yet another Texan and anointed worship leader, to share the stage for the poignant "This is Our God", a ballad-type tune that penetrates the heart of a worshiper and is a wonderful reminder of Who God is.  "How Great is Our God" closes out the time of worship and this track contains another favorite moment for this reviewer. It is the transition of the "How Great is Our God" chorus into a favorite hymn with the words "Then sings my soul...." "How Great Thou Art", the timeless melody and chorus, capture the majesty of God like no other hymn I know, especially as it is being sung in unison by the many voices, and hearts turned to the Lord, packed into the sold-out venue.  God has anointed Chris Tomlin to lead us into worship and he does so with great talent and great humility. This CD contains many worship songs that are familiar to people who are fans of praise and worship music, especially those who are fans of Passion and "One Day" festivals, but there is something special about listening to these songs live. The audience in Austin gets a thumbs up review as well because their heart of worship is so evident through their enthusiastic participation in song and celebration. The 8 track CD is packed full of songs that help a listener focus on the attributes of God and serve to inspire intimate moments of worship that virtually transport one to stand in awe before the throne of God, and to humbly bow at the feet of Jesus.  (The only negative to this CD is that is is only 8 tracks long, and really has nothing new or innovative to add to the plethora of worship music available these days.  However, it is a quality addition to any praise and worship music collection.)     