 Plumb - "Beautiful Lumps of Coal" Tiffany Arbuckle Lee has dropped the band and going solo on this one.  It is a refreshing new sound that emerges from the pen and the voice of this singer-songwriter.  The four year wait is paying off. The first cut from the album, "Free", is a rocker with a lot of attitude.  It begins with a light sound and Plumb's gentle voice embraces the ear and then suddenly breaks free with the main chorus that grabs ones attention.  Its style captures the freedom gained from putting past relationships into the past and looking ahead to the future.   As one listens to the next track it becomes evident that this CD is a peek inside the thoughts, maybe even a personal diary, of Plumb.  She relates many emotions throughout the CD and as she sings about sexual abuse, marital problems, alcoholism and other negative experiences, and one can hurt with her.  Her voice brings out the pain she is singing about, yet, always manages to leave the listener with hope for something better.  The quality of her voice is crystal clear and breathtakingly beautiful.  She has proven herself a musician of outstanding talent and ability. "Sink and Swim" is the first single I have been hearing on Christian radio and it is a good pick..  It is a song about unconditional love, between a man and his bride, a love that will get them through thick and thin.  It doesn't over romanticize that life will always be pleasant.  It is a very encouraging love song in a sweeping adult-pop style.  "Nice, Nave and Beautiful" is a wonderfully written song that shares the struggle of a woman who has been abused and is in the cycle of abuse.  Plumb sings with a rather somber tone and questions why "does she get taken advantage of, why does she live in a world so cold?"  The subject is not pretty, but it is handled very delicately by Plumb and ends with what to me are the most encouraging and heart-tugging couple of lyrics on the album, "Get out of that place that's restraining your love" and just in case the listener missed it, she repeats those all important words again.  "I said get out of that place that's restraining your love".   The music on this CD is absolutely breathtaking and beautiful.  The lumps of coal here turn to diamonds and the listener will be taken aback by the imagery of the lyrics and the wistfulness of the music that carries them.  This is by far the best new Christian release of the year.  I highly recommend this CD to anyone because of the poetic, insightful, and thought-provoking diary-like lyrical content, and the fact that every song on the album stands alone in its diversity.  It is an excellent album musically with a very meaningful and encouraging message of hope, love, and life.  This CD is a journey through emotions and will leave you wanting more.   5 of 5 stars     