 Tim Miller, "Da Minista", is a rapper that speaks the Truth on his release "John Miller's Son...Still Preachin'" (Released 09/13/05). His music is a product of the hip hop music he grew up with. This CD is a blend of different hip hop stylings, from radio friendly slow R&B grooves Sam Cooke style, "Change Gonna Come", and piano accompanied "Don't You Want to be Saved?", to rhymes flowing over top "bass thumpin', krunked out hooks" in "Still Preachin'" and "I Ain't Feelin' That". His music crosses generational lines and will appeal to lovers of hip hop as well as those who would not consider themselves huge fans of rap because the lyrics carry a timeless message...the gospel. Da Minista's music, if anything, is real.  Tim miller grew up in rural Mississippi with twelve brothers and sisters in a Christ-centered house full of love. He is first a "minista" and then a rapper, and a good one at that. This album features top notch rapping and smooth vocal stylings with amazing background singing from talented performers as well. It is a very well-produced album and Malaco did a good thing when they signed Da Minista.  Da Minista pulls no punches when it comes to addressing life and it's difficulties that so many people find themselves caught up in. "Rainy Dayz" examines some of "this generation's" problems of mothers raising children without fathers, the consequences of pregnancy outside of marriage, abortion, domestic abuse and that while there are "Rainy Dayz" and you "can't stop the rain from fallin'" he says "I gotta keep on hopin (for better days)'".  The entire CD tackles hard issues, but always offers hope and encouragement. Da Minista relates to the listener by revealing weaknesses, vulnerabilities, loneliness "Nobody (cares for me)" and discouragement. With a very melodic, catchy hook, he says he's "holding on to Jesus, waiting for a change. Been a long time comin', I know a Change is Gonna Come". There is no doubt Who is responsible for change and the listener is greatly encouraged to "hold your head up, you're gonna be alright."  A favorite of this reviewer is the track "I Ain't Feeling That". It is a conversation, rap style, between a woman who sings a rhythmically smooth and sexy "body...calling...for you...don't you...want me...for you..." and Da Minista who is not impressed in the least ("I Ain't Feeling That") by this woman who is shamelessly flirting with him. It is a song that explores lust as observes how some women present themselves and then wonder why they can't "find a man like you." Da Minista teaches about image in his rap:      "I'll be honest with you boo it's how you carry yourself,     Now you be honest with you boo, would you marry yourself?     Now shorty, you're looking like a hooker to me     and I know that a hooker ain't what you looking to be.     It's image, cause what you give out, you get back.     And if you change what you give out, you can change what you get back...     believe that!"  On the merits of musicality this CD is outstanding. It combines many different urban music styles, yet it is consistent in it's quality presentation of melodic hooks, rhythmic bass beats that do not become tiresome, great raps, and wonderful singing from talented and annointed vocalists. It is a complete musical offering and there is never any doubt Who inspires Da Minista's music ministry.     