 X 2003 is loaded...heavily loaded.  This is your CD is you feel a need to rock out!  Wow!  Packed from beginning to end of this two CD set are songs from some of today's best Christian alternative/rock bands. There are some new bands listed on here as well and this CD I'm sure will help get their name out there. There are many times during the year that Christian stores will offer the "Simply Familiar" "Simply Christian" rock and pop music samplers at "Simply Irresistible" prices that "Simply Get Forgotten" a lot of times.  (I "simply" don't understand the "simply" tag on that promotion) The main purpose of these is to expose the new artists and promote new albums by familiar artists.  X 2003 is put together by a collaboration between Tooth & Nail, Forefront and Sparrow Records and may be the best collection of Christian alt/rock music put together yet.   Disc One leads off with the appropriate "Get This Party Started" from Tobymac.  It really sets the mood for the rest of the collection, despite the editing blunder that abruptly cuts the song off in the middle of a word!  Not a sentence, but a word, just seconds from the actual ending of the song. Pillar takes off next with their big hit "Fireproof" from their album of the same name.  Disc one continues with songs from established bands like the OC Supertones, Mxpx, Bleach and Five Iron Frenzy.   There are a few new bands introduced to the listener as well, such as  Justifide, Sanctus Real and Holland.  Switchfoot is represented by their track "You Already Take Me There" which is a somewhat bizarre choice since they do have a newer album out with other songs that would have made excellent choice to be on this disc.  As bonus tracks we hear from new bands Anberlin and Watashi Wa.   Relient K starts off disc two with "Chap Stick, Chapped Lips and Things Like Chemistry" and then Audio Adrenaline keeps things going with "Summertime".  Again, another bizarre choice because of the fact AA has a newer release that could be featured, but regardless, the song fits really well with the energy of this collection.  Disc two is my favorite of the two discs because there are some awesome rock tracks on here.  "Your Touch" from Kutless, "John Woo" off of the Newsboys "Thrive" CD which is a great release from them.  Further Seems Forever is a new band with a very unique electronic-style rock sound, that at times is rather "experimental", and lend their song "The Sound" to this CD.  There is some youthful rap-rock offered from PAX 217's "Engage" and some hip-hop from The Cross Movement and Peace of Mind which features KJ-52 on vocals.  Jeremy Camp lends his song of surrender to the party with "Take My Life" and is appropriately followed up by his fiance's band The Benjamin Gate's "Lift Me Up".  Disc two also features Tait, Tree 63, Delirious?, Skillet and Demon Hunter.  The bonus tracks are from Lucerin Blue and Starflyer 59. This set is a great sampler of the Christian music that is out there from these record labels, and is definitely something Christian youth can enjoy and listen to with friends who may not be Christian. This is for the listener who enjoys the heavier rock style and wouldn't last one minute with the radio dial on K-LOVE.  You get 34 songs in this collection that are up-tempo, energetic, and simply RAWK! 4 of 5 stars     