 Released on May 20, 2003 is Nichole Nordeman's first live CD.  This album features acoustic performances of some her most popular songs from each of her three prior releases and a version of Cindi Lauper's classic "Time After Time".   It is, for the most part, a very quiet and worshipful CD that highlights Nordeman's song writing talent, piano playing ability and beautiful singing voice.  With the audience applauding in appreciation between tracks it helps one to acknowledge the gifts God has bestowed upon this young woman, and be somewhat envious that one isn't present and enjoying the show as well.   Nordeman was honored with 7 Dove Awards last April and deservedly so.  This live CD captures all the reasons why.  Her lyrics are so heartfelt and filled with emotion.  As she sings about wanting to leave a "Legacy" the listener will question if they are responding to God's prompting appropriately and working to advance the kingdom.  One can't listen to this song and not want to respond in some way.  It delicately explores the purpose of Christian living and what gives life meaning.  The jazzy and somewhat funky styling of "Is It Any Wonder" reveals that we often fill up our lives with earthly things that leave us feeling empty.  This piece is a musical treat with some interesting lines for the upright bass that sing out from the rhythmic chords of the keyboard.   This CD wouldn't be complete without the inclusion of her song "Holy".  I can say that she does an excellent job with this song live.  I was somewhat surprised to hear some of the background melodies and harmony played on accordion for this song and a couple of others. The instrumentation does give it some uniqueness and is handled with gentleness and respect, but it takes some getting used to.  The musicians that she shares the stage with are all top notch.  Another highlight would be the soft-sung rendition of "Time After Time".  Nordeman really does an outstanding job with this song that captures how ever-present and loving our Father is.  That He is always watching us and loving us and reminding us that He is there when ever we need Him.   Overall this would be a great CD to add to your collection.  The negative of this album is that it includes only eight tracks and clocks in at just about thirty-seven minutes.  I would like to hear more. The live versions do experiment a bit with different instrumentation, but basically hold true to the original studio versions. Nichole Nordeman is a very musically talented woman and this CD allows those abilities to flourish and glorify God all at once.  It is an album filled with prayers, thought-provoking life questions, and very beautiful music that I believe will stand the test of time. 4 of 5 stars     