 Switchfoot - "Nothing is Sound"   If one is a Switchfoot fan, this CD is a must have. If one is a fan of "A Beautiful Letdown", this latest release from Switchfoot is a must have. If one has never heard of Switchfoot, or "A Beautiful Letdown", this CD will open a whole new realm of fresh rock music with poetic, insightful, and questioning lyrics. "Nothing is Sound" is like a walk through Ecclesiastes, where "everything is meaningless", yet has optimism and hope, and leaves the listener wanting more. There is more depth lyrically on "Nothing is Sound", it is well-produced, well written, and maintains the raw rock style of the Switchfoot sound. With works like "A Beautiful Letdown" and "Nothing is Sound" in the Switchfoot repertoire, not only will Christian rock music be measured by these standards, but Switchfoot is etching a measuring line for popular rock music as well.   The album kicks off with "Lonely Nation", a solid rock song that highlights Switchfoot's signature sound and vocal talent of lead singer/writer Jon Foreman. There is an almost U2esque appeal to this ditty when the band backs off occasionally to highlight Foreman's passionate "ohhhhhhh" screams of loneliness and desperation over the backdrop of rhythmic bass drum that incessantly pounds like a heartbeat of a person persistently searching for something more.   "Singing without tongues,  screaming without lungs,  I want more than my lonely nation.  Desperate we are young,  separate we are one,  I want more my desperation,  I want more than my lonely nation."   The song makes one realize that "we are slaves of what we want", but that always wanting more leaves one lonely, desperate and tired. The hope in this song is the quizzical irony that is pointed out in the lyrics:   "like we are the target market  we set the corporate target  we are slaves of what we want  we're just not amused and  we're just used to bad news  we are slaves of what we want"   We get what we ask for, maybe we are asking for all the wrong things? "Lonely Nation" is appropriate to kick start this album because it sets the tone for things to come.   "Stars" is the first single released off "Nothing is Sound" and has been getting spins on CCM radio for weeks. It isn't shooting for the top of the charts without reason. It has a catchy hook and upbeat tempo that immediately attracts the listener and entices the toes to start tapping. Carrying along the theme that "Lonely Nation" starts, yet is more personal because causes one to reflect on how one affects the world and can feel responsible about the painful state of the planet. It begins with the self aware lyrics:   "Maybe I've been the problem  Maybe I'm the one to blame  But even when I turn it off and blame myself  The outcome feels the same"   That can stir feelings of guilt and possibly shame, but offers hope in lyrics like:   "I've been thinking 'bout the meaning of resistance  Of a hope beyond my own  And suddenly the infinite and penitent  Begin to look like home"   That comes from thoughts that flow from star gazing in the silence of the night:   "But when I look at the stars  When I look at the stars  When I look at the stars, I see someone else  When I look at the stars  The stars, I feel like myself."   "Stars" is an appropriate first single release from this new gem of an album from Switchfoot that contains many single cuts that will make this album a classic in CCM and mainstream, as it has great crossover potential. This launches Switchfoot to an even high plateau than where "Beautiful Letdown" left off.   During a 1991 interview with Rolling Stone, on the occasion of his 50th birthday, Bob Dylan was asked if he was happy. Dylan replied, "Those are yuppie words, happiness and unhappiness. It's not happiness or unhappiness, it's blessed or unblessed." That is the inspiration for the song "Happy is a Yuppie Word" and from the Switchfoot website, Foreman says. "It's that existential urban/suburban moment of thinking, `Wow, all this happiness that I've been trying to achieve is really just the yuppie version.'" This song seems to be the cornerstone of "Lonely Nation" and echoes Ecclesiastes verses that teach "everything is meaningless". The pace of the album is tones down slightly for this track that sits in a nice groove and with an optimistic melody exclaims "Blessed is the man who's lost it all". The repetitive "happy is yuppie word" simply explores what true happiness is and reminds the listener that "nothing is sound". Happiness is not something cash can buy.   "The Shadow Proves the Sunshine" is a ballad-type song that is quieter with less drumming and is a single solo voice over rhythm guitar, and is, at least to this reviewer, a heartfelt prayer of a lonely soul seeking comfort and hope. It is the realization that seeing the shadows means that the sun is shining, that there is a silver lining to each cloud, that God is in control and working even when we can't see Him, or understand Him.   "Easier Than Love" starts with a riff reminiscent of the guitar motif in "More than Fine". It is an upbeat, toe-tapping tune that explores how people do the "easy" thing for love; that sex sells, that sex is currency, that sex has control over almost every aspect of life, and it is fed by people's fear of being, and dying, alone. It is a bizarre contrast of a happy, hummable melody that carries a very sad observation in its message.   The next track on the album it "The Blues" and it lives up to its name. It's a restless track sung with vocal over keyboard and rhythmic guitar with a basic drumbeat. It is "restless" because it keeps asking question after question, and they are questions that one doesn't want to answer with a "yes", but at times we all have to. A slow, deliberate tempo asks "are you discontented?" and painfully extracts those questions we all ask ourselves at one time or another during those quiet, soul-searching moments:   "Are you discontented?  Have you been pushing hard?  Have you been throwing down  This broken house of cards?"   Thankfully the next tracks on the CD have uplifting tempos and melodies that pull the listener away from those deep questions of the "The Blues". "The Setting Sun" is single worthy and I wouldn't be surprised if it gets some radio airplay in the future. It has an optimistic message of hope. "Politicians" is a rocker that exposes the nature of politics and imagines pledging "allegiance to a country without borders, without politicians, politicians, politicians.. ". Ahhhh, another optimistic song!   The next track is a favorite of mine. "Golden" is a song that just puts a smile on the listeners face because the warmth of the melody. The refreshing sound washes like a heavenly shower over the soul of a young girl that feels like "a nothing", a "so and so", and reminds her that she is "Golden". We all have a uniqueness and we are all special in God's eyes. "Golden" is a musical hug of sorts and is a heart-warming song that will inevitably trigger a thoughtful smile from the listener.   "The Fatal Wound" has an almost haunting melody that is accented with bluesy harmonica strains and a chorus that has a sing-along quality:  "son of sorrow  staring down forever  with an aching view  disenchanted  lets go down together  with the fatal wound"   This song is a heart cry of the desperate and has a different feel than that of the rest of the album. This is a song that one reads lyrics to, sings a long with, and in those dark moments, can relate to in a frightening way.   To lighten things back up, the next track on the album lifts one out of the doldrums of hopelessness to offer new hope by suggesting that "... the world is flawed  But these scars will heal!" It's a plea to slow things down and take a look around, "the stars are coming out!" and "We Are One Tonight!" The energetic and ambitious tempo encourages action, or "dreaming out loud". The hook is "we are one, we are one, we are one, we are one tonight" and it's one of those roll down your windows, turn it up, and scream it at the top of your lungs!   Closure comes to the disc through "Daisy", a ballad that encourages "Daisy" to let it go. All the stuff of "this fallen world":   "It doesn't hold your interest  It doesn't hold your soul  Daisy, let it go"   To this reviewer it is interesting to consider that all of the questions explored on this album, while deeming much of the things of the world as "meaningless" that the questions themselves are "meaningless" as well. Just let them go.   "Let it go...let it go...let it go..."   "Nothing is Sound" will be the flagship album in the Switchfoot library. It is solid musically, lyrically and conceptually. This is one of those albums that while a single song can be representative of it, it is not whole if one song is absent from it. This Cd will challenge you philosophically and spiritually, and it will entertain as well with wonderful, emotionally charged melodies, catchy hooks and rhythm, and thought provoking writing. Switchfoot has moved beyond "A Beautiful Letdown" and raised the bar another notch with "Nothing is Sound".      