 Plumb "Chaotic Resolve" (02/28/06)  Plumb releases another outstanding album filled with her signature thought-provoking lyrics that cover the subjects of life and love, and not just the pretty parts. The music is cutting edge as Tiffany Arbuckle delivers powerful lush vocals over melodies and styles that lead the listener on a tour through a museum of moods and emotions. This CD is the most genre experimental album of the Plumb catalogue and encompasses many different modern rock, pop sounds that capture the ear and hold it. There are numerous radio friendly tracks showcased here and this may just be the CD that moves Plumb from the background to the forefront as one of music's most talented Christian artists.  From the official Plumb website:      "The title "Chaotic Resolve" comes from the resolve in much of the discord in my life...To me, resolve does not always mean fix. It may mean that I've resolved to accept a somewhat chaotic situation as it is, or I have resolved to change my expectations of a person....My objective was to communicate the message of chaos and resolve together."  "I Can't Do This" is the first single from the album and has been receiving considerable airplay on Christian radio for the past couple of months. It has a busy industrial rock sound that creates a "panicked" feel with lyrics that spur tension with lines that include ideas like waking up late, failure, crazy, agitated, but then resolve into a peaceful place when Plumb announces "I can't do this, oh God, I need your help" and submits to Him. The music softens and the vocals become breathy and calmer as she sings "press into me, breathe in me, bask in me, you'll be free to do anything." When I first heard this track months ago it didn't really appeal to me because initially, I found it repetitive. Now I see that the repetitiveness gives it more meaning because Christians often struggle to let go of things in our harried lives, and when we finally do "give it to God", it is so easy to take our burdens right back from him. It is a vicious cycle and Plumb is right, "I can't do this!"  One of the most significant songs on the album would have to be "Cut". This is an intimate song that speaks to the issue of a form of self-abuse referred to as "cutting". Plumb's passionate voice captures the desperation of a hurting soul as she cries      "I may seem crazy,     or painfully shy,     and these scars wouldn't be so hidden,     if you would just look me in the eye.      I feel alone here, and cold here,     I don't wanna die     But the only anesthetic     that makes me feel anything     kills inside."</i<  The emotion in her voice as she sings these verses is chilling. The listener can not not be moved by this song. (See the video for "Cut" on Plumb's MySpace, and you'll see what I mean.) The simple solo piano lines and the subtle accompanying rhythm of the synthesizer, which sounds like a distant harpsichord, enhance Tiffany Arbuckle's emotionally charged, concerned and desperate voice that penetrate the soul and demands an emotional response from the listener. When she sings with an exhausted and frightened hesitation between each word "I'm ... tired ... of feeling so numb, relief exists I find it when ... ", it creates a certain tension and she resolves it by singing the short phrase "I am cut". The abrupt ending on the word "cut" immediately resolves that tension the prior verse created and musically portrays the thoughts of a "cutter" desiring to feel something, anything. This is a very powerful song and is the definitive highlight of the album.  The lead off single really sets the music tone of the album with its poppy upbeat, encouraging sound. "Blush (Only You)" is a song that is about wanting to be in love with your spouse, or with God, in a way that always seems new. She sings of a pure love and a focused love that creates an emotional surge, a blush perhaps, whenever that love comes to mind.  Many of the songs of this album are solid pop-rock tunes that hook the listener with catchy choruses and singable melodic verses. "Real Life Fairy Tale", "Better" (which is being used by ESPN in a commercial), "Manic", "Good Behavior", and even the danceable, club music sound of "Motion", and "I Have Nothing" are all good rock/pop songs that talk about the chaos of the lives we all live and offer glimpses of the peace we all desire. Plumb continues along the idea that we are all beautiful lumps of coal and has a way of relating to the listener through her lyrics, yet always offering the hope that the "ick" is not all that there is. There is something beautiful in all of us.  Masterfully balancing this excellent pop rock album are some tunes that somewhat quiet the heart of the listener to focus on subjects to be taken very seriously. As a bonus track we are treated to a wonderfully orchestrated remix of "Damaged" originally off of "Candycoatedwaterdrops" that tackles the subject of abuse and it ends praising "alleluia to His name" and offers hope, "we are his children, how much He loves you, and He will never leave you alone."  "Bittersweet", "Jekyll & Hyde", "Sleep" challenge release from bitterness and resentment through forgiveness, and encourages casting ones cares upon Him when we are so exhausted we feel we can no longer go on. "Sleep" has somewhat of a dreamy texture in the orchestration with strings that carry the listener off to another place when "you have some of those days, when you just need to be, when you just need to shut your mouth, close your eyes, breathe in and out and drift away..."  "Chaotic Resolve" is a title that all serious music lovers should add to their collection. It encompasses creative lyric writing at its finest and is an exhibition of different musical genres from industrial rock edge, to soft, quiet solo ballads for voice, from a pop, club dance mix to modern alternative rock. The only misstep on this CD would be the other "bonus" track "Pray for Me", a Michael W. Smith/Wayne Kirkpatrick tune from the late 80's that is given a techno-dance mix makeover and, well, leaves me wondering "why?". Despite that final "bonus" track, this offering from Plumb will raise the standard in Christian music, both lyrically and musically, as it challenges, inspires, stirs emotion, and is plainly enjoyable to listen to.     