 I'm not usually one for remixed CD's.  Many times I feel the remix just ruins the original song recording by reworking it in ways that didn't make the first cut.  It's then packaged as a "remix" and I guess since "remix" is a cool sounding word, it must be a cool thing to hear.  This CD changed some of my perception of the remix.  There is some real creativity here that warrants listening to the songs off  "Momentum" with new ears. Tobymac "Momentum" was a CD made for the remix.     Earthsuit's "Math Remix" of  "J-Train" opens the CD and gets it going with a steady electronic beat and flourishes with some rhymes from Kirk Franklin.  This remix is a bit repetitive, but still is able to hold the attention of the listener as there are some rather distinctive vocals thrown in by Earthsuit.  (If you don't know Earthsuit, I recommend getting their CD.  It is great!) The remix version of "Yours" seems to capture a bit more  electronic beat than the original rapcore song found on the "Momentum" album.  It seems less "noisy" and leads nicely into a tune which borrows the melody of a one hit wonder from the eighties by Rockwell, "Somebody's Watching Me".  It has a kind of  "retro" sound that lends itself well to the updated electronic sound of today.  (I can still hear Michael Jackson on background vocals though...it's embedded in my memory or something.)   "Irene" is a decent remix although all the vocal layering is somewhat distracting to me, there's voices popping up out of everywhere, then again...maybe that's the point.   It's got great catchy hooks that grab the listener and have one singing right along in no time.  It is a good choice for radio play.  After that the listener is put through "Tru Dog" which features Toby McKeehan's kid on mic.  I don't understand why this stuff finds its way onto an otherwise good record.  Some might find his "rhymes" cute and adorable in his little boy voice.  It's interesting the first time you hear it, but after that it's one of those tunes that make you hit "advance" and catch the next track. The next song on the album is one of the strongest, "Love is in the House".  It's a bit more "funkafied" than on the original "Momentum" and still just catches a groove with some additional new lyrics. The "Get This Party Started" remix doesn't carry the same intensity as the original rocker, but is a worthy mix as well.  My favorite track off of "Momentum" is "Extreme Days" and I really wish it had been left alone.  This remix totally misses the mark.  It sounds very juvenile to me and makes me think of a Dixieland band, with an overbearing tuba player, playing around with the melodies while they are waiting for the drummer to show up to rehearsal. I find it the only real big disappointment on the album.  The title track "Momentum" is reworked and sounds very good in this mix with less of a rock style, and more funky beats and soulful melodies.  The beautiful sound of a string ensemble segues into "Do You Know" which provide for a steady rhythmic background throughout the remix.  It's soothing and pretty with a saxophone solo permeating through end of the song for some nice laidback jazz styling.   The remix CD then treats the listener to additional mixes of a few songs.   "J-Train" is a hand-clapper and carries over some of the "string" timbre/sound of the previous song.  "Yours" rocks a bit more this time with more of a two-beat style and good tough rappin'.  "Irene" has a bit more groove to it this time around, and then "Love is in the House" is your basic "sing-a-long" with simple melodies and good harmonies of well balanced male vocals.  It seems like a fitting end to a fun-filled party at a friend's house that just kind of winds down and fades out. Tobymac's "Momentum" release was one of the best releases in Christian hip-hop/rock music from the past couple of years (maybe even longer than that!  It's gooooooood! 5 of 5 stars) and this "Re:Mix Momentum" is a worthy album that will keep Tobymac fans satisfied until a release of new material, which is rumored to be soon.    3.5 of 5 stars Review by Susan L. Prince     