 SANDTOWN	 I saw this CD in the box of promos and wondered about it.  It was sent to me to promote and to be honest I judged this one by its cover.  Pictured on the front cover is a bunch of kids standing and some sitting on the steps on the front of what seems to be an inner city building.  "Based on a True Story" is the title that was humbly printed above the word SANDTOWN on the left middle portion of the CD cover.  Nothing fancy and I wondered what the "true story" was.  I popped in the CD and immediately was welcomed with a very rhythmic shout out "h-e-ll-o, that's the way we say `hello', now that you got the beat, let me see it with your feet..."  The shouts were held together with feet stomping and hands clapping a catchy melodic rhythm...well, that definitely got my attention! I hadn't looked over the CD credits at this point but immediately I recognized a Tobymac influence on the first song "Part of Me".  This CD not only captured my attention, but was holding my attention!  Sandtown, I have learned, was once a flourishing neighborhood in Baltimore during the 1950s and early 60s and notable for The Royal Theater it was home to.  Many famous artists performed at that theater that had become a major attraction and stop on their way to the Apollo in Harlem; Diana Ross, Dionne Warwick and Stevie Wonder are among those who played the Royal which sits on Pennsylvania Avenue.  Pennsylvania Ave., during its "heyday" in Baltimore, was the hub of the many jazz clubs that gave stages to Louis Armstrong, Count Basie, Sarah Vaughn and many other notable jazz superstars.  Sandtown has a musical legacy that is staggering.   Civil Rights opportunities, job losses and other economic changes left Sandtown practically abandoned by people looking to "better" their lives.  In 1986 some residents decided to rebuild and launched an effort to do just that.  Out of their efforts came a childrens choir.  This unique group of children from Sandtown, ages 8-14 rehearse weekly and learn to focus all their youthful energies to create something positive, something profound, and something that should make Sandtown residents proud.   The music of Sandtown is full of fun, vibrant energy, and the innocent soft sounds of young children singing about life and about things of God.  At times the music moves me to tears, especially "Hear Me When I Pray".  Oh, to hear these kids sing about life, its tragedies, and yet sing with such hope that God is listening to them and giving them strength to overcome any and all obstacles.  It's humbling to hear these kids sing about drug abuse, shed blood of a brother, and the untimely pregnancy of a teenage sister, yet find comfort in simply knowing that God hears them when they pray.   There are a couple of familiar songs included on this debut from Sandtown.  "America" is beautifully arranged for this children's choir and there is some jazzy guitar riffs and piano chords to offer motion and rhythmic stability as the choir sings the first verse of "America".  The familiar chorus is changed around melodically than what one is used to hearing, but it is done with much reverence and the new sound is appreciated.  "Let Freedom Ring" the children say, "from the mountains, to the valleys, to the oceans...".  "Pride (In the Name of Love) is a popular hit song from U2.  Michael W. Smith sings lead here and is supported by the choir of Sandtown.  The arrangement is pretty much straightforward with a slightly funky beat to spice it up.  Very well done. Don't judge this CD by its cover.  It is a wonderful work of creativity that will carry a new legacy for Sandtown, the town with so much musical, and cultural heritage.  It is filled with slow jam type grooves, funk, jazz stylings, basic rhythmic melodies, and even a rock tune!  There is a bit of everything here, Tobymac, Michael W. Smith, the Katinas, Lisa Kimmey of Out of Eden, and Isreal join the children on a few tracks, and the talent of the children in the choir is very apparent in every song. The energy alone and the way their voices capture an audience is enough to overlook the occasional "clunker" in the harmony that only those with a trained ear would notice. It is a delight to the ear and at times the sounds, the lyrics, the innocence, pricks the heart.  To quote the CD packaging "To experience Sandtown is to experience hope in action." Buy this album.  I have a promotional copy, but I am going to buy one as well because all artist proceeds will directly benefit Sandtown's community, including support for the children's choir, the local efforts such as Habitat for Humanity, the health center, a job development program, drug rehab center and a new school.  Sandtown, "Based on a True Story" is a love offering from Sandtown to the world.   4 of 5 stars     