 Seventh Day Slumber - "Picking Up the Pieces" There is no slumbering from these guys!  This CD is packed with energy and intensity as they sing and play about life.  Life is hard and Seventh Day Slumber understands.  The guys have been there, they have experienced the emotions that they sing about, from struggles with anger and bitterness over a parents' divorce, to jail time for robbery, and a $400 a day drug habit, they understand.  What sets this band apart from other rock bands?  They offer hope.   I Know it's hard to take what's happening And I know life is tough sometimes I know it seems like there's no hope for you But I know your life is worth more than you can see And I say look at Jesus' hands Those scars are there for you You know He understands  What you're going through. "I Know" is the first track on the CD and sets the stage.  Lead singer Joseph Rojas compassionately relates to the listener that he knows that "it's hard to take what's happening", but then he commands an audience as he belts out an answer for the desperation...he points you toward Jesus.  This song and the next track "Candy" are both hit singles on CCM rock radio and with good reason.  Solid rock guitars and drums fronted by a singer whose voice is strong and vibrant, but versatile, with the ability to be soft and gentle.  Seventh Day Slumber offers radio-friendly melodies and catchy hooks throughout the CD.  There are also some amazing guitar solos throughout the album, especially in "More".  One does not normally hear a lot of guitar work in Christian music, so that is a pleasant surprise. Fans of Pillar, Pax 217, P.O.D., and secular bands like Creed and Staind will most likely enjoy this effort.  The CD includes the band's rather generic cover of "When Children Cry" by White Lion. While I wouldn't say that this CD forges Christian music into any new territory musically or poetically, it is lyrically honest, which always appeals to the younger generation screaming to be heard. Seventh Day Slumber's message is bound to be heard if not only for that reason, but because this is a powerful CD to crank up loud!      3 of 5 stars     