 I bought this un-previewed on the basis of good reviews, art samples, and its being a Kodansha award winner.  However, I will say the reason I bought it un-looked-at is because a certain major chain bookstore *wrapped it in plastic.*  There's no nudity!  There are two panels where 2 men are having sex, but you can only tell it because of the position of their heads and shoulders.  There is also one gay kiss.  Now, just browsing in the bookstore, I can pick up numerous manga with naked breasts, in fact I'd say over 60% of those available, and I can pick up Chobits, where the main character and his friends press robot women in the genital area to turn them on.  Am I supposed to be too warped by this to be able to see two men kiss?  Come on, people!  While I would be happy with a *little* less exploitation of naked ladies, enough with the censorship already.    Anyway, I didn't buy it for the sex.  Which is completely irrelevant because this is an incredibly funny character piece.  Three men work together in a bakery, one of them gay, and they're a great ensemble, with dialogue worthy of Homicide: Life on the Streets (tv series).  (Although there's no crime in Antique Bakery.)  The description of the bakery products is absolutely luscious too, I was hungry the entire time I read this.  I want to taste those caramelised pears!!  And the artist obviously *loves* to draw art nouveau dishware and furniture.  I was mooning over a Mucha goblet in an art book I just got, and was very surprised to see it suddenly show up in the manga I was reading.  (Man, I want one of those too!!)  Anyway, I think there'll be a plot in volume 2, but until then just enjoy the characters reacting to each other!    One last note:  At first I didn't like how Ono responded to Tachibana so mildly.  His explanation seemed believable, but only just, and kind of lame.  I thought he was one of those incredibly innocent, kind creatures you only find in Japanese manga/anime, like Tohru-kun in Fruit's Basket, and I wished he'd be a little more of a gay radical.  But he does get his own back, really, he's like the quiet version of Brian Kinney from Queer as Folk!  It's so hilarious to see that in manga..  By the end I see him as being extremely self-possessed, and disciplined (even if he indulges himself with wild flings whenever he wants to), and observing the world, feeling above the people who feel the need to be crude.  And who doesn't?  Why do we laugh at Tachibana all the time?  Because he never gets the women he wants and doesn't understand the art of pastry.  We don't really notice it, but if you're keeping Machiavellian realpolitik score, he's a pathetic figure.  Apart from being rich, but then I'm sure Ono and Eiji-san have good salaries too (I hope)...  Anyway, great manga, don't buy it for cliche sex, buy it for the writing & the art!  (Although a *little* more of Ono's sex life wouldn't hurt either...he's hot...)     