 When I saw the authors contributing to this book I knew it was destined to be a banger and none of the authors featured in the anthology disappointed.  The Deceitful; Hunted by Isadore Johnson: (4 stars) Isadore flips the script and pens a story about an Nigerian drug lord (Quawi Ubati) whose operation is being shut down by the FBI with the help of two informants who infiltrated his organization. Unfazed by the FBI attempts to apprehend him Ubati becomes the hunter instead of the hunted by going after the agents who betrayed him.  Snake Eyes by Mark Anthony: (4.5 stars) Mark reacquaints readers with Promise from Streets of NY Vol. 1. While fans are eagerly awaiting Vol. 2 Mark sneaks in a preview of what's to come with Snake Eyes. Promise is still on the run but ventures back to N.Y. to hook up with his boys who seem to have been prospering in his absence. But after the reunion someone tips the police off to Promise's new location. Is it just a coincidence or could his boys that he sacrificed so much for be that grimy????   Cagney & Lacey by Crystal Lacey Winslow: (5 stars) As the only female author featured in the anthology Crystal comes hard with her story. Her story is also the only one to contain a female character (Lacey) who totally lives up to the theme of the anthology and is a true Menace II Society in every sense of the word.  Walk with Me by Al-Saadiq Banks: (5 Stars) Al proves that he can even flip it in reverse while chronicling the life of Tyshon "Miracle" Walls. Tyshon is standing before the judge facing big numbers but is Tyshon a true Menace II Society or just misunderstood? The burden of proof lies on Tyshon while he tries to prove that even the most notorious criminal can really just be a victim of circumstance.  Keepin' it Gangsta by J.M. Benjamin: (5 stars) As the only author in the anthology whom I had never heard of I was surprised to see that Mr. Benjamin was able to hold his own against his talented peers. But J.M. truly kept it gangsta with his tale of Derrick "Dicer" Jordan. Derrick who is awaiting his death sentence to be carried out by lethal injection has no regrets as he reviews the incidents that contributed to his impending death.  Menace II Society proves that anthologies can work when the right authors bring their "A" game to the table.     