 As the mother of a soon to be [...] son who stands 5'11 inches and wears an 11.5 sneaker I was initially appalled at the thought of reading a book about a 32 year old teacher having an affair with her 18 year old student. I know if some teacher was having an affair with my baby I would beat the brakes off of her. But after being a "Fly on the Wall" in Trista Russell's latest novel I can actually sympathize with a character I thought I'd despise.  Paige Patrick is a 32 year old divorcee scorned by her cheating, venereal disease spreading ex-husband. She's also an English teacher at West Dade High School where her ex-husband Craig is the Basketball Coach. Even with all of Craig's philandering ways Paige still calls on him after their divorce when she needs to release some sexual tension. 18 year old basketball phenom Theo Lakewood has gained interest from some of the top colleges and even NBA scouts in his senior year of high school. But what really holds his interests is his last period teacher Ms. Patrick. Innocent flirting becomes so much more and surprisingly it appears that Theo Lakewood might actually be the man Paige needs in her life.   But will everyone else see it that way? With so many outside forces working against them can a love so taboo stand a chance?  Not if any of the following people find out: Theo's mother, Theo's wanna be girlfriend and former sex partner, Paige's ex-husband who happens to be Theo's mentor and coach, or the principal of West Dade High. Well the secret does comes out and not only does it affect the aforementioned people there is a media frenzy when the press finds out about Theo's illicit affair with his teacher. Is Paige and Theo's relationship strong enough to survive such public scrutiny or was it just based on lust and great sex. What else could these two have in common if not just good sex if Theo was in kindergarten while Paige was going on her prom date? Come be a "Fly on The Wall" with Trista Russell and find out.   Readers beware the sex scenes are like whoa!!!! Trista Russell might just find herself being held liable in court because women across the country will be scouring the basketball courts looking for a Theo Lakewood to put it down on them in the bedroom. Anyone looking towards my baby please check the first paragraph of the review because even though Trista made me sympathize with Paige she ain't gonna be there to help you when it comes to mines!!!!         