 Sam Varner is a member of the Church I pastor.  Let me tell you the story behind the writing of this book.  It all began with a phone call. 	"I've got great news for you," Varner's agent said, "A major publisher  wants to buy your manuscript!"  That was good news.  Varner had already  exhausted his savings during the two years it took him to write the book.   He was ready to cash a pay check.  "There's only one catch," the agent  continued, "they want you to take out all the Christian stuff from the  book." 	Sam Varner left his successful practice as a personal trainer  to write his book, _Slimmer, Younger, Stronger_ to bring his message of  health to the world.  Top Olympic athletes like Picabo Street and Tommy Moe  had already benefitted from his help, but Sam had a passion to improve the  lives of everyone, not just the elite. 	Varner had a choice to make.   He could edit out his chapters on positive thinking and prayer and cash a  check for the huge advance they promised.  But in doing so, he would be  selling out.  Varner believes that good health is a combination of proper  breathing, drinking the right amount of water, getting enough exercise,  making good choices in the kinds of food we eat and being spiritually fit.   Taking Christ out of the program would compromise what he believes. 	 When the long awaited call came from the editor assigned to his project,  Varner said "No thank you" to the publisher and turned down the money they  were ready to send him.  He may of lost the book deal, but he kept his  integrity and knew that the God that gave him the passion to preach his  message of good health would provide a publisher for him.  It was a dark  day, a day of testing, but a day that ushered in a stronger resolve and  passion. 	Last year, Varner's agent called him again.  This time with  better news.  Element Books wanted to make _Slimmer, Younger, Stronger_  their lead book in 2000 and wanted to release it in hardback in the United  States, Great Britain, Australia and Canada. 	With his new book in  hand, Varner is going on a National tour, sponsored by the publisher, to  promote his book and spread his message of good health across the nation.   All because of his passion, patience, and faith in God. 	After reading  this book I determined to put into practice what Sam teaches.  I can't wait  to benefit from the results!     