 The seas, for me, are the most calming place in the world. I am not unaware, however, of the dangers that lurk just below the cool waters. I am a child of the Gulf Coast, a survivor of the 1983 hurricane Alicia. I know the power these storms evoke, the wrath of nature upon herself, but nothing could prepare me for the truth of Isaac's Storm. I have spent many summer days along the seawall in Galveston, many evenings in all seasons along the Strand. My mind drifted through my most intimate recollections of the fair city while I read this book, casting about for each point of reference, imagining the horrors the people of Galveston faced that day in September a hundred years ago.  Erik Larson brings every person, every image to life and throws upon the reader the task of sorting them all out. I found myself cheering for each of the people mentioned, cursing Willis Moore, the head of the Weather Bureau, questioning whether Isaac Cline had actually warned his neighbors of the impending doom. I wondered how the Cubans must have felt upon learning the fate of the residents of Galveston, and I wondered to what degree the inland areas suffered from this massive storm.  The truth of the matter is that the upper Texas Gulf Coast has been spared any storm of magnitude since 1983. This book expresses the nonchalant attitude of the inhabitants of Galveston regarding a storm, and I fear that may again be the case, though this time through no fault of the Weather Service. Everyone who lives along the coast should take this book in hand and learn what the REAL dangers of living here are ... storm surge, high winds, etc. Everyone who lives inland should also read the book to learn how unpredictable these storms are and the wide-ranging effects of them ... this one eventually hit New York with 65 mph winds. Larson does suffuse his own observations and opinions into the book now and again, but I didn't find it particularly distractive. I also found some of the background of the Weather Bureau to be boring, but not altogether unnecessary. If you are interested in learning more about this storm, I highly suggest this book.     