 This book was published to accompany the author's "Renaissance Tarot" deck. But whereas most companion books confine themselves to the deck they are sold with, perhaps folding in generic tarot-reading  instructions, this book explores the origins and symbolism of the tarot  with such depth that it is an important stand-alone tarot book. Moving  beyond recycled speculation about gypsies, Egyptian mystery cults, and  other such exotica, this book goes directly to the source: the culture of  Renaissance Italy, which produced the first tarot decks. Williams does not  attempt to deliver the definitive "truth" about what the original  tarot designers may have had in mind, but he does collect an extraordinary  array of "tarot parallels" in art, literature, philosophy,  mythology, and folk culture. What emerges is a picture of the enduring  archetypal nature of the each of the tarot symbols. Williams shows how  deeply embedded these images are in our culture, and how ubquitous and  familiar they were to people in 15th century Europe. The text is  supported by hundreds of attractive line drawings, made by the author to  illustrate the historic works of art referenced in the text. The book thus  becomes a guided tour back in time to the culture that produced the first  tarot decks, embued with the author's personal vision and yet faithful to  the facts at every turn. There are few books available to give the student  a trustworthy and useable account of the meaning of the tarot symbols in  their original context. This is one of the best. Also included are brief  descriptions of the cards in the Renaissance Tarot deck, along with  divinatory meanings and some instruction on reading the cards. The book's  greatest value, however, is in illustrating where the tarot comes from, and  deepening and enriching the reader's understanding of the ancient  symbols. Even if you don't use the Renaissance Tarot deck, this book will  give you many wonderful insights about the tarot and bring you into a  deeper relationship with the cards of your own deck. Highly recommended.     