 This is one of the most beautiful decks you are likely to find. The major arcana are detailed etchings, delicately colored and bordered in gold. A casual look might make one think that this is a "period" deck,  differing from other tarots mainly in the lavish Renaissance costumes shown  on the cards. However, it is much more. The artist is a student of art  history, in particular the Italian Renaissance, in which the very first  tarot decks were produced. This deck captures something of the spirit of  those original tarots, in which the major arcana were presented as classic,  allegorical designs. We've become accustomed to tarot designs laden with  19th-century occult symbolism; this deck offers a refreshing taste of a  different kind of tarot, one whose message is open to anyone with  imagination and an appreciation of the language of art. There are many  references to Greek and Roman mythology in these cards, as well as medieval  folklore and philosophy. So there is a lot of symbolic richness here,  although it draws from somewhat different sources than many other decks.  For this reason, it is a good idea to buy this deck along with the book,  which explains the cultural context of the imagery in great detail, with  lots of illustrations from art history. I have found this to be a  reliable and often stunningly powerful reading deck. Perhaps because the  artist has studied so many centuries of western art with an eye for  recognizing the tarot archetypes wherever they appear, these cards seem to  capture the essential ingredients of the human condition with force and  clarity. The suit cards in this deck require a little extra effort,  however, being more reserved in dramatic content than those in many other  decks. This is a beautiful, powerful deck. Because its inspiration comes  from the early Italian tarot tradition, rather than the occult systems of  more recent times, I strongly recommend it be purchased along with the  companion book, rather than trying to use it with concepts meant for a  different sort of deck.     