 The inspiration for this deck comes from the Minchiate of Florence, an expanded variant of the Tarot that dates from the early 16th century. The traditional tarot subjects are here (although many are represented  differently than in the familiar French/British tarot decks), but 20  additional major arcana cards are also included: all the signs of the  zodiac, the four elements, and the four virtues (Prudence, Faith, Hope, and  Charity) that are missing from other tarots. The cards are not overloaded  with esoteric symbols. Instead, each has an open, elegant feeling, which I  find helps relax my mind and bring me into connection with the images.  There is a serene, meditative quality that pervades the whole deck, even  the pip cards. The pips are mostly without scenic illustrations, although  some have intriguing animal vignettes, the meanings of which Williams has  researched and included in the book. The book describes each of the major  arcana cards in detail, relating them to the art and literature of the  Renaissance. (There are hundreds of line drawings of medieval and  Renaissance art.) It is a great help in getting into the spirit of this  deck, which presents the symbols of the tarot as archetypes alive in the  fabric of culture and history, rather than as secret magical  emblems. This deck is certainly a beautiful work of art, but it also  gives fascinating readings! The additional major arcana open whole new  dimensions for interpretation. There is a lot of psychological subtlety in  the faces and body language of the figures on the cards, making this deck  feel more "human" and emotionally open than many. In addition to  divinatory use, I think this deck has a lot to offer as a meditation tool  and for personal and interpersonal healing. Many will no doubt prefer a  tarot deck based on the familiar 78-card Tarot de Marseille and its  descendents, such as the Waite-Smith deck. But for those who are intrigued  by the expanded tarot universe of the ancient Minchiate system, this deck  is unique, indispensible, and a delight to work with.     