 For many years, the tarot has been presented as an ancient occult artifact, encoding deep metaphysical secrets. In this century, historians have offered a contrary view: that the tarot deck is simply a Renaissance  card game with no deeper significance. Documentary evidence tends to  support the latter view, although the images on the cards remain as  intriguing and provocative as ever. This book represents a milestone in  tarot scholarship; O'Neill presents the thesis that the tarot symbols *do*  constitute a profound metaphysical system, even while he acknowledges and  accomodates the historical evidence which debunks the fanciful speculations  of the early occultists. Marshalling an encyclopedic array of sources, the  author establishes that the intellectual climate of the Italian Renaissance  was highly conducive to production of an emblematic synthesis of  Neoplatonic philosophy and heretical mystical practice. He makes a sound  case that the tarot was designed as a cosmograph, a map of the underlying  spiritual structure of the universe, which might be used by those seeking  enlightenment within the western tradition. One of the outstanding  qualities of this book is the thoroughness with which O'Neill addresses  rival hypotheses about the origin of the tarot. He considers both the  strong and weak points of all the major theories on the subject, so readers  can follow the arguments for themselves, and reach an informed opinion  about the strength of each theory. The book thus makes an excellent  starting point for learning about these rival theories; the interested  reader can then follow up by seeking out the books and articles O'Neill  references. There are some shortcomings, however. This book is not for  casual reading. The style is that of an extended research paper. Alas, the  manuscript did not receive the attention of a major publisher, so the  presentation suffers in many ways: there is virtually no illustration,  there are many typos, and many of the tables and lists could use the work  of a good designer. Taken together, these things may discourage the less  dedicated reader. O'Neill is tackling an extraordinarily difficult topic,  in that he is trying to fathom the intentions of the anonymous designer of  the first tarot deck, using only the indirect evidence of the cards  themselves and the cultural millieu which produced them. If, in the end,  having exhausted the facts, he seems to follow his personal hunches, at  least he does so with candor and tempered by humility. A person with  different background and interests could well reach different  conclusions. This book is completely unrivaled as a scholarly attempt to  understand the tarot as a coherent symbolic system. Some may argue that the  tarot is not a coherent symbolic system at all, but no one makes the case  better than O'Neill. How historically plausible is it that the tarot was  invented to embody a serious metaphysical doctrine? If this question  interests you, _Tarot Symbolism_ is required reading, utterly  indispensible.     