 Beginning with Gertrude Moakley's _The Tarot Cards_ (1966), fanciful theories that the tarot embodies ancient Egyptian mysteries and occult secrets have given way to theories more anchored in historical fact.  Unfortunately, there are several such "historically plausible"  theories competing for our attention: tarot depicts a Renaissance carnival  parade, tarot is a Renaissance neoplatonic cosmograph, tarot is a simple  card game with no reference to anything deeper, etc. This book throws one  more possibility into the hat: tarot depicts an apocalyptic prophecy from  the 13th century. The evidence is a medieval manuscript, more than a  century earlier than the first tarot decks. The author argues that there is  a parallel for each tarot card in the illustrations of this manuscript. The  Hermit, for example, is correlated with a picture of St. John eating a  book, representing prophecy. The pictures in the manuscript, though,  often seem only vaguely similar to the tarot cards Betts matches them with;  this is explained by the passage of time and "symbol  substitution", through which (for example) St. John's book becomes the  Hermit's lantern or hourglass, with people nevertheless remembering what  the original meaning of the figure is. And although we know from early  documents that the Hermit card was variously referred to as  "Time", "The Hunchback", or "The Old Man",  Betts maintains that the people using these titles would still understand  the card to be a depiction of St. John. This disconnect in both symbolism  and card titles happens for almost every card in Betts's hypothesis,  leading the reader to question whether the correspondences are real or  imagined. There is nothing wrong with speculation, of course. The problem  with this book is that no recognition is made at all of the more plausible  connections that other writers have made between the tarot and Renaissance  culture (Moakley, O'Neill, Williams). In recent decades, there has evolved  a fairly solid body of conventional wisdom recognizing that most of the  tarot symbols were standard allegories of the 15th century. The fact that  much better matches (both in symbolism and in card titles) can be made  "closer to home" severely undermines Betts's hypothesis. Rather  than acknowledging this, the book instead completely ignores the competing  viewpoints and in fact presents itself as "the truth revealed", a  disconcerting self-indulgence more suited to the old occultists than to  modern scholarship. The book does contain some nice summaries of cultural  trends in the late Middle Ages, such as the Franciscan movement and the  apocalyptic genre. And the case in favor of Betts' hypothesis is  interesting and readable, if not convincing. Alas, the book presents a  "long shot" hypothesis so one-sidedly that it comes across as  undeniable truth. For this reason, I simply cannot recommend it to any  student of tarot history who is not already familiar with the standard  references, such as Dummett's _The Game of Tarot_, Moakley, O'Neill's  _Tarot Symbolism_, or Williams's _A Renaissance Tarot_.     