 I've owned this drill press for over a year and while there's no doubt that it is a good product, it does have some shortcomings.  I use it mainly for woodworking and general home workshop needs.  Here's my list of pros and cons: Pros: - Very good power - It's quiet and vibration free (Mine sits on a concrete floor) - The extra long quill stroke is extremely useful - The quill lockscrew is also very useful, especially while setting heights and aligning bits to workpieces - There is very little runout if the chuck is installed properly - The depth stop comes with a quick adjust nut (however this is also the source of my biggest complaint)  Cons: - The belt tensioning handle is very short (I've started using a short piece of pipe to slip over the handle so that I can get adequate tension on the belts using one hand while tightening the tensioning lock screws with the other) - The heads on the tensioning screws (T-shaped thumbscrews) are small and difficult to use, especially if you have a tendency to overtighten things as I do. - My biggest complaint - The quick adjust nut slips on the depth stop bolt during use.  I've found that it happens when the release button on the nut faces a certain direction.  After ruining a couple of pieces for projects, I've started using a hex nut (metric, as I recall) to lock the quick adjust nut in place.  Needless to say, this defeats the whole purpose of having a quick adjust nut.   - As others have mentioned, in order to tilt the table, you have to loosen a bolt with a wrench in very tight quarters.  It's a pain in the butt.  To make matters worse, the tilt guide/scale that shows the angle of the table is slightly off and there's no way to make adjustments.  While this may be a problem that's limited to my machine, it's definitely worth checking if you buy one.  Keep your engineer's square close by - - My final gripe is with the on/off switch.  Although it works fine to stop and start the machine, it is without a doubt the roughest, loudest, crudest switch I've ever used.  I know that I'm picky, but this switch is pitiful. Would I buy this machine again???  Perhaps...but I would take a real close look at some others before I made a final decision.  The sad thing is that for two or three extra dollars, Delta could have turned a fairly good machine into one that is outstanding.     