 I was anxious to get my copy of this, as I completely enjoyed his last book, Lost Treasure of the Knights Templar.  This one begins rather similarly to the last, there's a decent portion on the origins of the Knights Templar, their rise to power and eventual downfall. It also then documents the beginning of Freemasonry from the remnants of the Knights. This is where the two seperate, with this one following the Masons and their web from old Europe to the new world, and shows how a web of conspiracies all seem to, at times, point back to master plans laid out. Secret Societies also delves into the way America's wealthiest elite seem to have formed a somewhat closed circle, not all that different from the aristocracy of old.  The book shows us how many of these familes and many of our modern corporations have their beginning in such things as the slave trade and the opium trade, and how history has, at times, been selectivly re-written to remove some of that stain from the past of our wealthiest. Since I'm not a student of history, there are times in this book where the pace slows down and the geneaologies are laid out, however, it definatly goes much quicker and easier at certain points, most notably the major influences secret societies and the Freemasons had on the birth of the United States and the Revolutionary War, and then especially at the end as modern history proves its not immune to the touch of these groups, as well. I have to say that I think this book fufilled one of its author's goals when I picked up a newspaper the day after finishing it and began to notice many names, all in positions of power, that I'd only just been familarized with from this book.   This is a book that will definatly pique the interest of those who are historians as well as the conspiracy minded.  1/30/05 Update: In our current times of trouble, when so many people are wondering about the state of our country, our adminstration, and corruption that this book should be given another glance... It definatly helps place some of the current goings-on into a historical perspective, and allows one to gain additiona insight to the people who are in some of the most powerful positions in America, the boardroom, and indeed the world.      