 So, over a decade ago I read Neuromancer, and I'm enthralled. At the time, I was a 13year old BBS geek moving into the internet (this is before gopher, and long before the WWW!). Neuromancer stuck out as being amazing.  I loved the style and the concept of dark SF. Ahead 5 years, and I finally  buy Count Zero and Mona Lisa OD. I realize I still love the entire concept,  more now than ever, since I see how absolutely real its becoming. However,  I never ventured past Gibson, as the "Mirrorshades" anthology  pretty much told me that most other 'cyberpunk' authours bored me to tears.  5 more years, and someone recommends that I read Snowcrash. I also happened  to find it the next day on a used rack. I bought it, read it, and hated it.  Absolutely WORTHLESS. The plot was boring. The characters lifeless and  stupid (I'm still reeling from how ridiculous it was to make the main  character a katana-wielding wonderboy named 'Hiro Protagonist' -this isn't  ground breaking, kids, its stupid). Skateboard kids who act as flippant,  ultra cool couriers? Please. These are the sorts of things I'd have written  as that snot-nosed 13yr old in an attempt to parrot Gibson. Then there's  the constant Sumerian "plot" that keeps getting beaten over our  heads (Gibson had voodoo, so I guess he needs something even more  esoteric.. and unlike Gibson leaving us to figure it out, we get it all in  MINDNUMBING MINUTAE). Yes, I'm glad you know more about that than I do, now  shut up already, Neal. The whole religion thing with the boats, however,  always struck me as somewhat interesting. I find it even more funny now  that I've learned all about L Ron Hubbard's dead alien cult (scientology,  see http://www.xenu.net), and I need to go back to further apprechiate this  aspect of the sarcasm. Really, the only thing about this book at all that  appealed to me was the opening about pizza delivery, and pizza in the  future, and I figure that's because I managed a delivery store at the time  and could almost relate. Skip this one, unless you're some sort of  self-describe "hacker" or other, similar, techno-buzzword.     