 WEll you wont be if you buy this grill!!! My MIL bought this toy for my 21 month old twin boys to play with while daddy grills outside... is this toy a nightmare!!!   First of all educational value... NONE... who wants their TODDLERS (who are in the copying stage by the way) repeating the same rude and innapropriate gas jokes that this grill says? I have heard them making fart sounds with their tounges, and than saying something resembling "that wasnt me!"... TOTALLY INNAPROPRIATE... and my sons thought it was hysterical to grill eachothers faces, and I found them doing the same thing on the real grill (IT WAS OFF... DONT WORRY GUYS), though with the NON TALKING grills they have never had a problem... gee??  DURABLITY... again this toy is broken with wind... who designed a lid for toddlers that falls off if a speck of lint falls onto it... The toy is not made well at all...  ABNORMALITIES (although it cant be abnormal for THIS toy because it happened to all of the reviewers) The food wont stay on the spatula, NEVER so its just soo fustrating, even for me, let alone two toddlers!!! The grill doesnt know what he's talking about because if you put the ketchup in his hand he says it mustard and vise versa, same thing with the fork and spatula... UHG!!! This toy also turned on if anyone walked by it, I mean seriously!!! It would turn on if no one was there... talk about lonely!!! And we DID turn it off and it did say "see ya later" when you pushed the red button, but it still talked!!! But when it got a little soda (and I mean about an ounce) on it... forget it!! I took out the batteries because I thought it was broken but it still talked, and now constantly... AHHH!!! We put it in the closet, and it was getting louder!! SERIOUSLY... we ended up breaking it with a sledge hammer, I am sorry for all of you who wind up with the same problems we faced... We now use our Deluxe kitchen inside, and a cuter grill (that you ca actually grill on it when standing!!) for outside... NO MORE TALKING APLIANCES FOR US  Maybe its just our grill, but this drove us off the wall to the point that we viciously broke this toy... I mean come on.. and I am NOT EVEN EXAGERATING!!!! and the worse thing... OUR SONS WERE PETRIFIED!!! They would scream if it talked to them, they would cry when it would start talking in the night, they thought a ghost was turning it on... So now that this grill is "dead" there is a restored peace in our house... It SHOULD be ILLEGAL to sell such an annoying toy to toddlers... please dont buy this grill     