 I have two 21 month old twin boys and this stroller really fits our bill! AFter borowing a friends duo-glider for the carseats we went out and bought this one. We chocked hard on the price but man is it worth all the extra expense!  AT the store it was the only one we could easily lift to about the height of our escolades trunk (just estimating), at a mere 14 pounds the Aria Twin is a slim one! Both seats reqlined which was really important to us at the time (and even now its still a god-send!) There was a storage basket that could hold my shopping bags and my diaper bag, so we knew it would really be wonderful. It had a 5 pt. harness which we really couldnt believe wasnt on ALL strollers, so that was a major plus. It was also easy to put my infant boys inside, and they seemed quite content (they still are amazingly easy to put inside this double!) And of course this stroller was a breeze to manuver throughout BRU, I really was confident that this stroller was a winner!  Once we had this stroller for a few weeks we realized the luxury of it! It folds really easily with a squirmy boy inside his carseat and another one on your hip, and the weight was really helpful for lifting it one-handedly into our trunk. It also took up very minimal space and we have been able to take it everywhere! The snack trays were really nice for our twins, they loved it and I was very surprized on how much they enjoyed being next to eachother, who woulda guessed? This stroller DOES fit through a standard doorway, and that is really impressive and we are very greatful for it, especially when it comes time to use the restroom!!! The seats didnt reqline all the way, but my sons enjoyed sleeping in the Aria Twin all the same! It was very comfortable and super easy to wash or to wipe up. The handles were a perfect height for my tall husband and myself, no hunching over or feeling dwarfed by a stroller, perfect! It didnt have a mind of its own so if I was limmited to pushing with one hand I could manage, I was really impressed with the fact that I was pushing the stroller, and that the stroller wasnt pulling me and my twin sons into the street! It can handle pretty rough sidewalks, but if we know that there will be rough-terrain to tackle, we too use our double jogger stroller. This stroller just had such wonderful features!  The few negatives really are not a big deal, and the other doubles out there have much worse problems. The cup holder really isnt a neccesity, and since I can push it wiht one hand I didnt mind, I mean is that such a terrible gripe? But the canopies really dissapointed me, they really will only give my sons protection if the sun is directly over them or, sometimes, if they are fully reqlined. I have been using my jogger outside more because of this, but it could be a major problem for the folks out there hoping to only have one stroller (although the hat, sunglasses, and suntan lotion seemed to work for a few other reviewers). ANd to the mother whos daughters got soaked in the rain, I am sorry and I hope that they didnt get sick, but maybe purchasing a rain sheild would help, I found one just incase I am ever stuck in a situation like you were ( I found the included rainsheild on my jogger very useful in many situations!).   But my few covvets are really nothing at all, because my many gripes were of very big concern for that duoglider, so if you are looking for a durable, comfortable, and low-maintenence stroller and dont mind the heafty price tag and my few complaints, than the Aria Twin is really the double stroller for you (although my tight budget friend also recomends the Savvy for you reviewers who NEED the canopy and are tighter on money!)     