 I love this wagon, such an upgrade from the old red tin wagon, and my 21 month old twin boys love it too!!!  I was in search of a wagon for my sons and this just seemed to be the best. It had a cute little drawer, and the sides could come off. The handle could store underneath for easy transporting and it just seemed like the best on the market so we bought it.  Well, this wagon really is the best wagon availible. The "cute little drawer" is a lifesaver! I love to pack pull-ups, wipes, drinks, snacks, a big sheet, my stuff, and even some toys... its HUGE!!! And its not too easy for my sons to open, you have to lift it a bit, and it wont open when you are pulling it, so thats great too. The sides that come off are so useful for yard work or if I have to go out to the nursery to pick up some flowers wor whatnot, its just very useful. The handle doesnt fall all over the place and is very comfortable to hold, and it makes it VERY easy to steer around those tight corners. Folding it under the wagon makes it great for putting it in the trunk of my Escolade or in the back of my husbands pick-up truck. I also like that the wheels are quite, you dont hear us coming from a mile away like my nieces wagon, and we dont have to yell with the boys 2 inches behind us! The little cup holders fit the avent magic cups well and its great for my twins, they love it. IT is great on grass too, so in the backyard my sons are constantly pulling eachother around and pulling anything else they can fit in it! They have learned to take turns pulling and they play many many games wiht it (they also know not to jump out of it when its moving... so it has educational value!) The wagon is great for the beach if we are going with relatives (can hold ALL the kids) or we put our sons in their joggers and use this to carry beach chairs and the beach bag, or our sons kettrikes. Its great for the park because it can hold a few toys and my sons and its sometimes better to use than my jogger or my Aria Twin... but not always!  I just love having so many ways to travel outdoors with my sons, this wagon is very durable and safe and probably the best out there... I love it, my husband loves it, my sons love it, and all of our friends and family love it... its terrific!     