 Wow, this chair must be popular with twins! I too have twins, 21 month old twin boys. WE have had this chair since they were about 9 months.  Before we had this chair we had the harmony chair in colby. It was very cute, but not at all funtional and it actually broke when my niece (2 year old, average weight/heirght) sat in it!!! So I imediatly went out to BRU to get a new one.  I bought this chair because it was EXTREMELY sturdy. I also liked the 5pt. harness to keep my master of disasters in place. The seat cover was very soft, and my boys seemed comfortable in the store. My sons were very excited about the color, that means very excited for meal time! The tray and the heights adjusted, and it wasnt too expensive.   Once I got this chair home I really found out how great it was! My small boys could fit in it snugly, (though they are small at 32nd percentile)yet they can fit in it now at about one year later! The tray is very easy to one-handedly take off and put back on, and its not too heavy or cumbersome. The dishwasher insert is incredible, and we love it soo much, and use it all the time. The seat cover is machine washable, and also very easy to wipe down because its vinyl. The tray adjusting, and the height adjusts make it extrememly easy to bring up to the table, since now my toddlers are obbsesed with doing everything as a "big boy". The wheels are really easy to lock, or unlock and I can push it around very very easily, which is much more important than I thought. Its also not too heavy if I have to lift it.  What I dont like is the color, its just too bright and I really liked the old colby color, but this is a very minor issue. The chair is also HUGE, I mean its even enourmous when folding, but we do have a large kitchen. Like some of the previous reviewers I really dont like that huge toy, its just not apropriate for meal time, though our boys love to play with it on the floor, and we have never introduced them to it at meal time so they never whine for it, yet again unlike a previous reviewer. I too ordered more trays, and fisher-price was very very nice and I had no problems, I believe that maybe the reviewer who had a bad experience was just worked up and made it worse with her adttitude (although I am NOT discrediting her account nor do I have any spite towards her, its just I believe she was very upset as it is and may have taken the advice in a bad way). THe tethered toys are also not really neccesary, but ohh well.   Other than those few, very minor and optional, cons this chair is great. I love it and am really resenting the day my boys grow out of it.      