 My twin boys are now 21 months old and are only in the 32nd percentile! We bought them a marathon origionally but sadly they were left on the porch when my husband and I went out (my sons were at their grandmothers) and it started to pour and the seats were totaled... Well we went out to buy a different one, because the marathon wasnt really all it was cracked up to be anyways (so we didnt really rush over to save it once it started to pour ;) ) This graco was perfect...  At the store we loved how small it looked compared to other carseats (we have to fit two in our SUV, even though its an Escolade we still wanted something small). THe colors were fabulous and my boys seemed to like it. The seat seemed to be extra padded and very comfortable, it seemed really really nice. It was easy for my husband to install in the parking lot, and it fit very snuggly. We could also have our boys in it for another year/year and 1/2, which was really important to us.   Well once home we found even more wonders of this Graco seat! First of all it must have been a god-send because our once car hating boys turned into wonderful car passengers and would sleep within minutes of being placed into this seat! Their heads didnt flop all over the place either, it was a nice smooth ride that my boys really loved. The straps are very easy to adjust, and you dont need to take off the cover to do so, and they dont get all tangly and anoying like our old seats. I can easily wipe something off of the cover for a quick clean, but it is also TOO easy to take off and throw into the wash, its amazing!! It snugly fits into the car, and there is room for one more person in the seat behind the driver! The seat also looks extremely safe in rear-facing position (we tryed it just for the sake of the review) and the added infant support would work wonders for a newborn transitioning from infant carrier to carseat or if you just placed a baby who was a few weeks old inside, it would surely be safe and comfortable.   We really thought that the MArathon wasnt "too bad" and that all carseats were like that, but this Graco ComfortSport showed us how horrible the Marathon was, and how much easier technology can make it for a parent of twin toddlers who are almost into the "terrible twos"... THANKS GRACO!!!     