 We needed a play kitchen for our, at the time, 12 month old twin sons to play with at grandmas. We knew we wanted a lifestyle kitchen, but dream or deluxe? Well we couldnt see spending $300 on toy kitchen for grandmas house, so we bought the dream model. I really love this kitchen and my now 21 month olds do too!  AT TRU this seemed to be very well made, the decals were adorable and there were just soo many fun features. But we relly loved how it wasnt pink and covered with flowers, why can't boys cook too? Well the dream kitchen solved that problem! We had also planned on puting this toy kitchen in my mothers  actual kitchen, and these colors wouldnt clash too much with the decor...  Well this kitchen took my husband and his brother about an hour to put together, but the directions were easy for us to follow. Our sons took to it imediatly and we were just in love! Although it doesnt have as much room as the Deluxe, it has plenty! There are 7 cabinets and a basket, plus the storage in the refriderator, oven, and microwave! There was also some counter space, so we didnt really need another table, but we got one anyway... We loved the little scenes, but put the stickers on BEFORE putting this kitchen together!!! We were actually missing the important sticker (the fall one in the window) so we called Step2 and they sent us ALL the stickers very promptly with no questions asked! That means I will have stickers to use to "touch up" the kitchen in later years.   The kitchen is extremely sturdy and my boys really give it some abuse!! Their favorite feature is the telephone, but what toddler doesnt like telephones? The interactive aspects to this kitchen are the ones with the controll panels (microwave and oven)It is very fun for our boys, and its one of their favorite toys at grandmas (along with my 9 other nieces and nephews ranging from 4 years to 12 years!!)   We love this kitchen and my mother cant believe how much fun our sons have in it, but at home we have the deluxe model which can accomidate more children, has more storage, comes with more food, has more interactions, has a dishwasher, and a double sink, but they are both really impressive. I would recomend you getting this kitchen if you dont have much room, if you dont have more than 1 child (unless you have 2 children close in age) or if you cant handout $300 dollars for a toy kitchen... But we love both and they are both great quality by Step2... we couldnt ask for anything more...     