 I wanted a nice large toychest for my 21 month old sons, but didnt want something "dangerous". At TRU I thought I would just pick the biggest and cutest, but I first did my research and found many hazards with toddlers and toy chests! This one is completely safe and very very durable  I bought this chest because its a cute tan with a red lid (or a pink lid) and it fits wonderfully in my twin boys room. The chest has 2 shelves for books or for displaying toys. The chest is super easy for me or my husband to move, yet not so for my little terrors! The lid can withstand alot of jumping, yet its on a slant so the boys cant really jump off it. It wipes up very easily if something gets on it because its that tough, durable plastic.   Once the chest was used we found it stored all of their "bedroom" toys easily, and we kept some books on the middle shelf and some special loveys and displayed Elmos on the top. The lid folds back so it wont fall down if a little one is litterally digging IN the chest for a toy, the only time it will close is if it is done intentionally. There is also a nice 1 1/2 gap from lid to toybox where my sons fingers wont get jammed if it is closed down. I said before that this toy LOOKED durable enough for jumping on, but it can also handle wrestling, kicking, and "aim practice". My sons also enjoy hiding in it and just sitting down and having the other one cover them with toys.   But this chest (along with probably every other toychest) tought my sons responsibility, cooaperation, and cleaning. They know that if they want to be able to play with a toy, its their responsibility to put it back so they dont loose it or break it. They also now cooperativly take out different toys, help eachother find one in the bottom, and even play the pile up game inside of it (and all mothers of twins know cooperation is a MUST). They also learned that they have to clean up when they are done because then they will be able to dig through the toybox another day, and they actually love seeing how many toys they can carry to the box in one trip!  So at first I thought a toy chest was a toy chest and nothing more, but its also a learning tool, and could possibly be a saftey hazzard! This lift and hide toy box really is the best on the market, and I may buy another one for the family room!      