 I have 21 month old twin boys, they started potty training at about 19 months, and still arent fully trained. We have this Soft seat potty and the VERY expensive baby bjorn stand alone potty, and who woulda guessed we liked the cheaper one?  Well we started training our boys to sit, and after many horrible potty expirences (which also led to potty delays!!!) the splash guard had to go. My boys would get their penis (no need to use babywords on an adult sight ment for helping others with thier purchases) stuck on it and it would really hurt them, they just hated it (same with the Bjorn). The splash guard was also too easy to take off, and I was just completely through with it, so we started training our twins to stand...   Without that terrible splash guard this potty worked great, we just tought them to aim, so there are no longer any floods of urine on the floor. It also makes a very good step stool, and my boys love that. It gave them alot of confidence in dumping it out into the potty, and putting it back (although after they do that I clean it out better!) The potty is a little small, even for my small twins butts! WE havent had any bowel movement reguarding poop but I am sure that will come eventually. The seat is really soft and really easy to clean (I doubt that I will ever use it as a snap-in for the regular toilet though). The potty doesnt slide around too much either, a big godsend!  But why I prefer this potty to the expensive baby bjorn? WEll the baby bjorn doesnt have a seat! Its just sitting on the pot and very uncomfortable. The baby bjorn slides all over the place and the splash guard can not come off, so we were stuck when it came time for our standing sons. The arm rests were ridiculous and there was always a big fear of the potty because as soon as my sons would stand, the potty would come with them and all their waste would splash all over them... we still have the effects of this baby bjorn, it has resulted in many potty delays but this graco softseat potty is helping to ease my sons fears...  I really am impressed with this seat, it would be perfect for girls because they dont have to use a splash guard, but if you have a son just teach him to stand and aim... you will have to do that eventually anyway... I love this potty and hope that its lack in problems will help correct my twins fear of toilets.     