 My twin boys really loved their bottles, and they didnt like hard spouted sippys, they just wouldnt use them! We had much success with avent bottles and breast pumps so we thought that our now 21 month old sons would love these! Wow were we right!  I researched sippy cups until I was blue in the face and these really seamed perfect! They were non-spill and they had the soft spout for my very stubborn twins. They had cute colors and nice handles for tiny hands. They also sounded very durable and I just had no other option.  Once these cups were used we found out how perfect they were! They inter-change with all other avent products (breast-pump and bottles) so I am never without a sippy. It is really a nice flow, not too hard or too fast (yes I have tried it) and my sons have never had a problem. The design makes it easy to hold even without handles and the colors are extremely inviting for my sons. These cups fit in almost any cupholder (unlike MANY other sippys) and that is a great aspect in itself. It doesnt crack when thrown (trust me, its VERY durable) and they NEVER EVER EVER leack if you READ THE DIRECTIONS!!! I even left this cup upside down all night with water in it and the next morning there was not one drop on the counter or missing from the cup.   They are ridiculously easy to clean, you DO have to TAKE OUT THE DISK when cleaning, and this sippy really doesnt have anymore parts than any other working non-spill cup (base, spout, valve, cover, and handles) and they clean well when I wash them in the sink and then in the dishwasher, super easy and not one cup with mold. If you dont like all the parts than you are stumped because all non-spill sippy's have parts, as long as they work that is. And the covers for the tops are great to keep the spouts clean, but DO NOT use them to keep you diaperbag dry without the valves, thats not their intended purpose.   My sons are only using these cups and I have never had one problem, they may not be great for older children who could take to a hard spout, but they really work wonders for my stubborn as a mule sons.     