 My MIL just bought this for our noq 21 month old sons two months ago, its terific! They love it and its by far the best house out there. WE use it every day and it holds up to much abuse, but we really bought it because it wasnt pink and frilly, a must with two BOYS  Our sons are still a little young to climb all over our very large wooden swing set, and we wanted more for them to play with, this house is just soo awsome. Its a little large, so I dont suggest you purchasing it for indoor use (especially since every side had an activity so it wouldnt be as fun against a wall). It can fit both my boys in it and the weather doesnt do any damage... we plan on covering it with a tarp in the winter though... before our sons go inside we wipe it down with dissinfected wipes and get all the little bugs out for them, no biggy...  Now for all the extras!!!  SPORTS SIDE-> * Basket ball hoop, now we dont have to buy a little one that will just tip over anyway (we have one inside) and our sons love to play with it (they are only in the 32nd percentile) so its a bit tough to make a basket on the highest setting, it can adjust to the top of the house, or to right abouve the soccer net, great for toddlers or older children!!! * The soccer net also doubles as a little window and our sons really love to peek in and out of it... its very durable and there is no ripping in it *yet*... but they like it when my husband shows them to kick the ball inside, and it keeps the air flow throughout the toy house nice and fresh... * The little number game is cute, my sons dont understand it yet, but for older family and friends its a big hit  SUPERMARKET-> * A little ATM machine, so adorable and my sons cant get enough of it... although the older kids have more imaginative play with that part of the house * The little window alot of the younger toddlers enjoy, its one of their favorite parts of the house, all little kids love opening and closing things, yet again older kids like to make this a McDonalds drive in window or something... great fun * The big window makes it easy to see how the boys are doing inside, and it also keeps it nice and fresh, not too moldy and stuffy like some of the other houses, we like the big window  GAS STATION->  * The tunnel is a big hit wiht the toddlers, they like to peek through it, its my sons favorite way to get in! The older kids like to chase through it and try to "fly" through... * The little pump is great for kettrikes and cozy coupes, my sons and the other toddlers like putting it into the cars gas tank, they think thats cute, but the older kids sometimes pretend its a hose or something, very cute imaginations * The little telephone is a big hit with everyone, they love pretending with it and I usually find it everywhere but the base, but hey thats no biggy * YEt again more ventalation with the window... I think thats why this house doesnt get too much mold or little bugs... theres just no really dark and damp spaces!  SCHOOL HOUSE-> * Theres not too much to this side of the house, and it doesnt really look like a school, but the younger kids like slaming the door * The older kids make it a barn and like to pretend its a stable door, very very imaginative * EVEN MORE VENTALATION AND ANOTHER SPOT TO SEE EVERYONE, TWO BIG WINDOWS AND A BARN-DOOR...  This house is perfect for toddlers, and bigger kids (up to about 10-11ish) there are just endless possibilities for this house and everyone enjoys it... I always know theres something for EVERY one to have fun with outside... the perfect playhouse out there      