 Have you ever met or known someone that was so hard headed, so strong willed that is sometimes seemed they were their own worst enemy? You know the type, capable of snatching defeat from the jaws of victory. Well dear  reader, meet Rose Devonic, the heroine of this wonderful novel. Rose lives,  using the term loosely, in Queduro, New Mexico, which caters to the tourist  trade selling fine embroidery. It is a typical hard scrabble western town  that prides itself on the myth of individualism while being bound together  in tradition, history, gossip and the lure of the tourist dollar, not  unlike any other western community. Ironically, the town's problem with  Rose is her for real, stubborn, individualistic streak. Rose was left  destitute at age 16 due to an automobile accident that killed her family  and a neighbor, Florie. She learns embroidery from Florie's brother,  Birdie, who also runs the town's only motel. She lives out of her car in  the summer and in one of Birdie's motel rooms in the winter. The problem,  one of many, is that Birdie's sister, Alice, disapproves of Rose and the  arrangement between her and Birdie. The plot thickens when Birdie suffers a  stroke, Alice becomes his caretaker and begins exhibiting signs of  Alzheimer's disease, and the townspeople, never fond of Rose, plot to take  over the motel. Rose finds herself without money, lodging, or any friends  save one. Frank, the town sheriff and childhood friend and former lover  tries to help Rose and counteract the town's hostile and selfish attitude.  Thrown in a death, a tragic-comic road trip, Rose's stubborness, Frank's  persistence and a town that would rather see Rose gone and you have the  making's of a good story. This is a story of love, courage, tragedy, humor,  small-town life in northern New Mexico, and the seemingly inevitable  tension betwen fierce independence and the urge to belong, all rolled into  one compassionate, and in the end, triumphant novel.  Readers will hear,  and demand, more from Laura Hendrie in the future. This book is worth your  time.     