 Mary Clearman Blew, in her wonderful book Balsamroot, a memoir about her aunt growing up as a homesteader in Montana, speaks of an unwritten rule that Western women have followed for decades: Never speak aloud of what you feel deeply. This code of silence and historic acceptance of the traditionalo, myth inspired image of the West being a "man's" world has resulted in the indispensable role of women being ignored or, at best, relegated to a footnote in the history of the region. Not anymore. This wonderful collection by some 150 women living in sixteen Western states and two Canadian provinces is a fitting tribute to the perseverance, and exceptional talent, of Western women. The editors chose as their theme the development of relationships in an area of the country known for its seemingly infinite space and time. The result is a stunning collection of stories about friendship among women in the West which is unvarnished, inspiring, tragic, humorous, and boundless in its beauty and message. While this book is written by women in a specific region of the country, its message is timeless, universal, and transcends region to speak to all that value strenght, perseverance and friendship. In essays and poetry and sometimes heartbreaking simplicity the women tell stories of living in the West and bonding in a special way with other women friends that, properly understood, is one of the real, true stories of the West. Contributor Wanda Rosseland writes of the sometimes oppressive nature of men in "Because Men Rule" and tells of women seeking friends because "When you're desperate enough, you go off either by yourself or with a bunch of other women for the companionship you crave," she adds "because men don't understand and never will, which is alright, because that's just the way they are." Co-editor Nancy Curtis notes that "Here, if you have good women friends, you keep them for a lifetime..." This is the best collection of stories about friendship and women in the West that I have read. It is a good example of the reason for the growing demand for books written by Western women who have, for far to long, not spoken aloud about what they feel deeply. It is a perfect starting point in learning to understand and appreciate the mostly mythical West. These writers are some of the best of the best writing today.     