 There are now well over 700 novels and short stories published about the Vietnam War. It seems that everyone that was ever involved, even peripherally, and a number who were not, in that tragic war has written a book. Most can be found, and deservedly so, on a remainder table in a used bookstore. However, every now and then a book comes along that is destined to find it's place on a bookshelf along side the precious few truly good Vietnam War stories. This is such a book. H. Lee Barnes is a combat veteran of Vietnam.He earned the Combat Infantry Badge as a member of the U.S. Army's Special Forces "Green Beret" units while serving near the Laotian border. He was on the ground, up-close and personal. It has taken him some 30 years to sort out his feelings, earn a MFA in writing, and write this superb collection of short stories. What distinguishes this work and makes it unique is the author's uncanny ability to have the characters seem real and believable, sometimes in the face of almost unbelievable circumstances, real and imagined. They are not talking to the reader but to each other. The reader is an observer that is ultimately drawn into the conversation or action in an almost imperceptible manner. The object of the character's attention is not the political correctness of the war or why and how they got there. Multitudes of other books have done that. Rather it deals with their emotions and feelings and how they individually and collectively managed to survive the madness. It is at times humorous, tragic, maddening, gentle, uplifting and unsettling. Come to think of it, much like everyday life. The book contains six short stories and a novella. They all deal with how both the combat participants and family at home cope with the hand fate has dealt them and ultimately, on somve level, prevail in the spirit. This is one powerful book. I have read it twice now and seem to get something different from it with each reading. This is destined to be a classic collection of Vietnam War stories. It should also be noted that Gunning For Ho is another example of the fine books being published by University Presses. Such presses may not get the attention afforded the major houses in the east but they do compete in the quality of their releases.     