 Many readers in Oklahoma know the scenario all to well. Typically the spring or summer day begins warm and clear with a sometimes hazy blue tint to the sky shimmering with humidity. By all accounts, another good day to wash the car, have a cookout, or attend to the myriad of chores that seem to demand attention. Sometime during the mid-afternoon a careful observer will notice the clouds beginning to rise in the southwestern sky as the heat and humidity build. Sometime between three and seven p.m., according to official records, the National Weather Service will broadcast a warning and residents in the midwest typically began another evening in Tornado Alley. All to often, some will never live to see the light of day. Thomas P. Grazulis, a tornado research meteorologist and director of The Tornado Project and Fellow of the American Meteorological Society, has written a gripping, spellbinding book for the general public that is a must read for anyone remotely interested in tornadoes and weather related phenomenon. Surprisingly, this is the first book of it's type written since 1953 when OU Press published what was until now the standard general text on tornadoes. This book is a fit replacement. The book is a careful blend of scientific findings and common sense explanations on one of the most deadly, and feared, forces of nature. There is an enlightening chapter on tornado risks, the numerous misconceptions and contradictory theories surrounding tornadoes, how the Fujita Scale was developed and what it means, and a host of stories and findings that will provide the reader with a better understanding of what has been described as "...little more than a mixture of insubstantial air and water vapor." In addition to a most helpful series of graphs and tables explaining everything from the frequency of tornadoes, not only by location but time of day, to tornado risks at specific points east of the Rocky Mountains, there are also chapters on tornado history, forecasting, formation, safety, and myths. The chapters dealing with safety and myths are especially noteworthy. For example, the author argues there is no evidence that tornadoes seek out trailer parks or that the southwest corner of the house is the safest location. That, of course, is contrary to everything I was taught about Tornado safety. This is the best available book on the subject for the general reader that I have read. It has a bibliography, index, appendix, easily read charts and graphs, photographs, and is reader friendly given it's sometimes necessary technical nature. It is a must have for residents of Tornado Alley.     