 Do you have fond memories of the summers of your youth? Lee Martin does.  Do you remember the sometimes silly, fun times with family and friends  during your youth? Lee Martin does. Do you remember the onset of rebellion  and its attendant problems? Lee Martin does. Do you remember your father  beating you repeatedly with a belt and inflicting both physical and mental  abuse? Lee Martin does. Have you gone to the extraordinary step of  describing your most private family secrets to the world? Lee Martin does.  This memoir is an elegant story about growing up on a small farm in  southern Illinois with a submissive, meek schoolteacher mother and a  violent, abusive father that lost both hands in a farming accident. The  accident left his father a frustrated, bitter, violent man that robbed  Martin of the compassion and love he desperately needed. This story of the  struggle between a father and his adolescent son is at times painful,  complex, affectionate, violent and heartbreaking. But it is also a  wonderful story of redemption, love, inspiration and forgiveness that make  it special among the seemingly hundreds of memoirs being published today.  Martin has written a very personal story in a clear, compassionate way that  will leave the reader thinking about this book for a long time. It is not a  sentimental book. It is a compassionate, powerful book about the conflicts  between a father and his son and the ultimate resolution of their  rivalries.It is safe to say that virtually all children have experienced  hardships while growing up. Some more so than others. The difference is  that Martin has written his experiences down for the entire world to see.  It is not always a pretty sight but his ultimate resolution is a story the  entire world needs to hear. It should be noted that while this memoir is  about the complex relationship between a father and son there is an  underlying theme of the contributions made by his mother that ultimately  allowed Martin to find peace and tranquillity in his life. His descriptions  of the strenght and resolve of his mother are touching and unforgettable.  While reading this book I was reminded of a book of poetry titled  "There Are Men Too Gentle To Live Among Wolves." I suspect Lee  Martin may be such a man. I wish I could have resolved my differences with  my father, as did Martin. He is a special writer and person. When you look  back on trying times in your childhood can you say,"In my memory, it  was always summer?" Lee Martin does.     