 As river go the San Juan, which orginates in the southern Colorado mountains, snakes across southern Utah and finally joins the Colorado river, is not technically challenging to river runners or lusted after by dam builders. It is not generally known outside its geographical region in widespread myth and legend, as is the Colorado through the Grand Canyon. Ah, but to those fortunate few who have navigated its meandering course by boat or foot it is truly a special place with scenes reminiscent of uncut diamonds. Recently, while visiting a bookstore in Flagstaff, I discovered a writer that is generally unknown outside the geographic region of the four corners area but that exhibits special qualities worthy of the readers time, not unlike the San Juan. Waterlines is a wonderfully written book of poetry about the author's fifteen years experience on the San Juan River in particular and the Colorado Plateau in general that will immerse the reader in an area that you will not soon forget. This slim volume is unique not only for its exquisite writing but for the attention to detail provided by the author. Walka not only is a keen observer of the River proper but also of the "...names and histories and relationships of the locals-the rocks and river channels, plants and animals...native and newcomers, settlers and adventures..." Thus, the reader is treated to an unusual vies of the landscape and "...local gossip, of the spirit and teachings of a place." In reading the book I was reminded of noted author Gretel Ehrlich's comment of landscape: "I like to think of landscape not as a fixed place, but as a path that is unwiding before my eyes, under my feet. To see and know a place is a contemplative act. It means emptying our minds and letting what is there, in all its multiplicity and endless variety, come in." Walka has done that with this book. This is a writer with special talents and a perfect example of a small publisher finding and publishing a first rate writer. Highly recommended.     