 I spent four years on the Western Slope of Colorado involved in one way or another with some of the wonderful literary talent in the area. If there is one thing I learned it was that when Western Reflection Publishing Company  of Ouray, Colorado published a book it was usually worth looking at. This  one is no exception. In fact, the reader of this book gets not only a  well-edited book but one written by a highly talented Western slope author:  kind of a two for one deal. Glen Hinshaw spent thirty-four years as a  Colorado wildlife officer specializing in the San Juan Mountains and  southwestern Colorado. For most of this time he was "on the  ground" working out of Creede, CO. to preserve and protect the  wildlife heritage that most people associate with Colorado and too many  take for granted. Crusaders for Wildlife is a highly readable history of  the near demise of many of Colorado's wild animals just a hundred years ago  and the mostly unknown efforts of a band of dedicated crusaders that toiled  to preserve and return the wildlife heritage for generations to come. This  is not your usual history book. It is better. To be sure, there is an  abundance of well-researched, well-written histories of the fish and game  that make the San Juan Mountains truly a national treasure. You will learn  of the stewardship of the land and wildlife by the Ute Indians and  exploitation by early settlers. You will learn some of the complex issues  that confront wildlife officers as they struggle to balance the needs of  wildlife with the changing demands and expectations of a growing populace.  The effects of logging, grazing, and roads on wildlife is examined in a  balanced manner and the age-old question of the possibility of Grizzlies in  the San Juan's is addressed. You will also learn about Whirling disease  which is threatening Colorado's legendary fishing reputation and the  reasons behind setting limits on Elk and Deer kills. Yes, its all here. If  you are a hunter, fisher or simply have had the opportunity to visit the  incomparable San Juan Mountains and want to know about the history of the  game and fish in the area, this is the book for you. Hinshaw has a knack of  writing in such a manner that you feel you are riding along side of him as  he patrols the mountains he so obviously loves. It's like sitting at home  with an old friend visiting about wildlife and mountains and other memories  that matter. We are indebted to Hinshaw for a superb, readable history of  an area truly blessed to have attracted the attention of these Crusaders  for Wildlife. This one is worth the reader's time.     