 Having spent the majority of my life living in northeastern Oklahoma, I was well aware of Bartlesville, OK. I must have made hundreds of trips to what the Chamber of Commerce touted as "America's Ideal Family  Center." It had the reputation of being a conservative, white,  upper-class community that was progressive as that term was defined by the  dominant employer, Phillips Petroleum. In short, it was a typical, though  certainly more wealthy than most, small Oklahoma town. Or so I thought. I  have since learned, thanks to Louise Robbin's fine book, that Bartlesville  had a dark side, darker than most it turns out, that does not appear in the  Chamber of Commerce press releases. It is not a pretty story. Ruth Winifred  Brown was born on July 26, 1891, in Hiawatha, KS. She graduated in 1915  with a degree from the Univ. Of Oklahoma. In November, 1919, she became the  librarian for the Bartlesville Public Library. She served as librarian for  30 years without a mark on her record. It was, by all accounts, a record of  outstanding achievement and exemplary service. On July 25th, 1950, Brown  was summarily dismissed by the city commissioners. The reason given was she  had caused subversive materials, in the form of magazines such as The  Nation and The New Republic, to be circulated to the general populace. To  be sure this was the McCarthy era, a time when groups such as the American  Legion and the Chamber of Commerce, to name but a few, were working  diligently to rid our communities of suspected or perceived communist  influence. Thus, if a librarian or two had to be sacrificed in this war to  protect our cherished freedoms, it really was not too big a price to pay.  After all, many American's lost their jobs, reputations, and families under  the tutelage of Sen. McCarthy and his ilk. That's the price of freedom. If  this were the real story of Miss Ruth Brown it probably would not warrant  the publication of a book. Unfortunately, there is more, much more. Thanks  to the scholarship of Ms. Robbins we now know that Brown was fired from her  job, not for so-called subversive activities, but because she had been  active in promoting racial equality. She had the gall to not only help form  a group affiliated with the Congress of Racial Equality (CORE) but, even  more shocking, to visit a major drug store in Bartlesville in February,  1950, with two black ladies and request to be served. This she did on her  own time, without any fanfare or publicity, and some four years before  Brown v. Board of Education and other events which began to at least offer  a glimmer of hope to those supporting racial equality. Robbins has provided  the reader with the history and background of political, social, economic,  and cultural events that led to the merger of McCarthyism and racial  unrest, which resulted in a sad, black chapter in the history of  Bartlesville, not to mention the Nation. It is sad, not only because the  community tolerated such behavior by its elected and appointed officials,  but also because many of Miss Brown's colleagues knew the real reason for  her termination and failed to disclose it to the community. It is also the  story of courage and pride exhibited mostly by women during a time when it  was not popular to be supportative of African Americans or any other group  not on the power structures accepted list. This is a must read book if you  are interested in forces ever present in our communities that can, and do,  lead to censorship, intolerance, and the suppression of individual rights.  The story is about a local event some 50 years ago; the message is about  issues that are relevant today. Bartlesville, "America's Ideal Family  Center." You be the judge.     