 It's still there, Labor Omnia Vincit(Labor Conquers All), in Article 6, Section 35 of the Oklahoma Constitution. It's the official state motto and there was a time when working men and women in Oklahoma tried to convert  the motto into reality. The Industrial Workers of the World(Wobblies) was  formed on June 27, 1905, in Chicago. It was to be the working peoples  answer to the ever-increasing tension arising out of the emerging urban  industrial society in America at the turn of the century. The tension was  perhaps best exemplified by the escalating confrontation between capital  and labor. The Wobblies were born out of desperation, fear and  self-preservation. They preached violence, revolution, sabotage and  Socialism. They rejected politics as a racket and urged the organization of  a new society by the oppressed. They were poor, radical, lacking in formal  education working men and women who saw no commonalty of interest between  employer and employee. They refused to sign labor contracts or affiliate  with any political party. The movement was crushed in Oklahoma by means  more violent than they had ever practiced. The perpetrators were, you  guessed it, the business community, the judiciary, the police, religious  groups, the news media, and a multitude of elected officials. Thanks to  Sellars, an instructor of History at the University of Oklahoma, this  little known history of Oklahoma is available in a well written, well  researched, highly readable book. It's all here, the founding of the  Wobblies and their efforts to organize migratory harvest workers and oil  field hands and their relationship with the AFL and the Socialist Party,  all placed in context with the political and social events of the time.   The authorities efforts to suppress the Wobblies is described in a chilling  scene from Tulsa which was repeated in varying degrees throughout Oklahoma.  Just before midnight on November 9, 1917, a black-robed and hooded mob  accosted 16 prisoners, almost all of whom were members of the Wobblies.  They were being escorted by Tulsa police officers from City Hall to the  county jail. The mob, called the Knights of Liberty and comprised of police  officials, local businessmen, and oil company executives, took the  prisioners at gunpoint to a secluded location on the outskirts of Tulsa.  What followed was a vicious ritual in which the vigilantes beat, whipped,  and tarred and feathered their captives. "It was a party, a real  American party," one newspaper reported. The impact of World War One  on the efforts of the Wobblies to organize and the reaction of the state  and federal government is examined as is the decline of both the Wobblies  and the labor movement after the war. This book is a must read for anyone  interested in the social history of labor in Oklahoma, the Wobblies, or  political events from the early 20th century. It is an important event in  Oklahoma that has, until now, been neglected.     