 Mickey Newbury, famed singer, songwriter, and poet has said that one can make some mistakes with words when writing a book. The sheer vastness of the words will allow for some mistakes. Not so with song writing or poetry.  With these you must be precise and every word must say what it means and  mean what it says. Rosemerry Trommer has obviously listened to this advice.  If You Listen is a collection of exquisite poetry and stunning photographs  of an area of the United States unmatched in its beauty, both physical and  aural. The San Juan Mountains of southern Colorado have had their share of  advocates over the years but none to match that of Rosemerry Trommer and  Eileen Benjamin. Where to start? well, first, the poetry is awesome. If you  want to experience the sounds of the mountains from a master that carefully  selects every word, then read "this mountain knows secrets" or  "the trail more traveled" or, my favorite, "if you  listen." But then there are tributes to the San Miguel River, Aspens,  Wildflowers, and a host of other natural phenomeon's that all have distinct  messages...if you listen. One interesting feature of this poetry is it  actually sounds as good read aloud as to yourself. Thus, read some of this  poetry to a friend and watch as they react to its clarity, charm, and  simply wonderful message. Then, as a bonus, show them the photographs. Ah,  the photographs. In a word, they are "magnificent." This should  have been published as a coffee-table type book. The pictures of Priest  Lake and the San Miguel River are as good as they get. I know this may be  read with some skepticism but Benjamin's photographs are as good as Ansel  Adams and others of his caliber. It is amazing this book is as reasonably  priced as it is. If you buy only one poetry book this year, make it this  one. You will be getting a book written by one of the premier poet's of the  southwest along with unbelievable photographs by a first rank photographer,  all wrapped up in a hard-bound package at an affordable price. Remember,  read these poems to a friend and watch them listen.     