 To me, trying to lay aside an unfinished David Dean mystery is like trying to eat just one homemake chocolate chip cookie. It can't be done. This is Ouray, Colorado author Ray Derouin's second mystery in what one can only  hope will be another in a long series. For the reader not familiar with  Derouin, suffice it to say he is no stranger to the written word. He has  written twelve plays, all of which have won national awards. His first  mystery, Time Trial: A Mountain Mystery, has garnered wide spread acclaim.  Thus, it was with much delight and anticipation that I received San Juan  Solution. I thought his first mystery was wonderful, and it was, but this  latest offering is off the scale. The protagonist, ex-Pennsylvania police  detective David Dean, is back with a new bride and his indispensable,  unforgettable stepfather, Fred O'Connor. The setting is the incomparably  beautiful Ouray, Colorado and the San Juan Mountains of southern Colorado.  Dean, along with his wife and stepfather, have just opened a bed and  breakfast, named Bird Song, and plan to enjoy a leisurely life far away  from the crime ridden east coast. Unfortunately for the trio, but  fortunately for the reader, Derouin's magic and diabolic mind begins to  weave a story guaranteed to please the most avid mystery fan. It seems the  first guest of Bird Song ends up alone at the bottom of a mountain side  ravine in his car...strapped in the passenger seat. What happened to the  driver? one might ask. What driver? A good question and, well, somewhat of  a mystery. This, in the hands of Derouin, is reason enough to read on.  However, it seems the second guest is missing and there is reason to  believe her life might also be in danger. A coincidence you say? Perhaps,  but the rapid arrival of a host of characters all making inquiries into the  whereabouts of the two makes for spellbinding reading. Oh, did I mention  the search for an heir to a fortune, which may explain some of these  coincidences? This is vintage Derouin but better, much better, than  anything he had done before. Having lived in the San Juan Mountain area of  Colorado I can assure the reader that the setting is authentic. In  addition, the characters are believeable and the writing style is first  rate. It is not until the last few pages that the mystery(s) are solved  and, in his wonderful style, the loose ends are tied into a honeymoon  bouquet, so to speak. If you haven't met David Dean and friends, this is  your best chance. It is a delightful book.     