 Not all newspaper reporters can write and not all writers are good newspaper reporters. However, every once in a while someone comes along that can do both, sometimes exceptionally well. Such a person is Dan Baum,  formerly a reporter for both the Atlanta Journal-Constitution and The Wall  Street Journal. He is the author of the highly acclaimed Smoke and  Mirrors,an explosive account of the so-called war on drugs,   and this  marvelous work on a Colorado company that many people love to hate. This  book, an historical narrative of the Adolph Coors Company, a family and  business legend in America, is destined to be a classic and will be the  standard by which all other efforts are judged. It provides a real  eye-opening insight into the corporate world of politics, sex, religion,  money, drugs, cover-ups and environmental degradation that will stay with  you long after you have finished the book. Its all here. The story of  Adolph Coors, the immigrant that made a fortune against all odds and left a  legacy that some say still haunts the company to this day. Baum notes that  "Even though Adolph Coors died in 1929, he was still effectively  running the company more than sixty years later." The results of a  1929 business philosophy on a national company in 1999 will leave you  astounded. There is a well written overview of the Political Left and the  American Labor movements protracted boycott of Coors as well as the rise of  the conservative movement and the founding of the Heritage Foundation. The  prominent role of the Coors family in the success of the Reagan revolution,  and its impact on the company, is riveting and revealing. The Coors family  were brilliant engineers that invented the aluminum beverage can; made what  many beer connoisseurs believed to be an excellent product; refused to  incur debt; and became rich by demanding a quality product, often at the  expense of profit. At the same time, the results of  their refusal to  employ modern marketing techniques and compete with the likes of Miller's  Brewing and Budweiser is absolutely amazing.  The story of the Coors family  and company is complex and at times maddening. Regardless of your political  persuasion; liberal, conservative, or independent, this book will give you  something to cheer about and will keep you up late at night turning pages.  It is highly readable, meticulously researched and a welcome addition to  the history of business in America, not to mention the political  implications. It is a spellbinding story of a Colorado company with truly  national ramifications. That it is written by a writer of the caliber of  Dan Baum is a real bonus for the reader.     