 The president and vice-president along with the House of Representatives and a host of unindicted co-conspirators in the oil industry have proposed to explore and drill in a pristine 1.5 million-acre coastal plain in northeast Alaska. It is the calving grounds for the Porcupine River caribou head; a critical onshore polar bear denning area; one of the last available ranges for wolves, numerous fish and other wildlife and, as importantly, home to the Gwich'in Indian tribe which depends on the caribou for food, clothing and spiritual needs. This area has been described as the biological heart of the Arctic Refuge. The book is a collection of essays dealing with the dangers of drilling in ANWR written by some of the best and brightest individuals addressing the issue. There are radicals and prgmatists, advocates and experts, wildlife biologists, Native Americans, environmentalists, and former workers in the Alaskan oil industry. Contributors include Jimmy Carter, Barry Lopez, Rick Bass, WEndell Berry, Bill McKibben, Art Davidson and 25 other thinkers and doers that will make you wonder about not only this proposal but our so-called energy policy in the U.S. Jimmy Carter gives a presidentail perspective on the importance of preserving the Refuge which was created under republican president Eisenhower in 1960. R. Glendon Brunk writes of his experiences working on the north slope and tells of the effects of such oil exploration and drilling on the environment which is chilling and perhaps prophetic for ANWR. Faith Gemmill has a moving essay on the religious importance of the caribou to the Gwich'in Tribe and culture. I will not soon forget Sarah James recounting of British Petroleum's sensitivity to the Gwich'in tribes concerns: "It is inevitable that these Gwich'in people will have to change." Kim Heacox writes of Stephen Ambrose's visit to Alaska and his position that restoration of nature must be the theme of the 21st century. Not exactly a tree-hugging, radical this Ambrose guy. The book is important not only for its defense of ANWR but for the proposition that it is truly time to begin moving toward a sustainable energy policy in the U.S. Issues such as global warming, the need to preserve this tryly magnificent place, and the possibilities for a sustainable energy policy are all included. It is a perfect example of environmental issues being more that political issues. There are cultural, artistic and historic issues and this book will provide the reader with a wide range of ideas and proposals from many who view the world through other than political, or profiteering, lenses. There are no scare tactics or doomsday predictions here. Just an attempt to give a voice to a place that relatively few Americans know or have visited but is worth saving for future generations looking for one of the last best places. This is one of the most important books of the year. Highly recommended. Milkweed Editions is to be commended for making it available at such a reasonable cost and in a most timely manner.     