 By all accounts it is an insidious disease. Four million Americans and counting are its victims. There are no survivors and it strikes as early as 27 and as late as 80. Until now precious few first-hand accounts of its relentless, irreversible, maddening progression have been available in other than clinical texts or coping guides for families. Debaggio, an accomplished writer and highly successful independent businessman was, at age 57 in 1999, in the prime of his life. During a routine visit to his physician he answered the question,"Is there anything you want to tell me?" with a casual remark that he was "...having trouble remembering things that are basic to my work, things I have known and now can't remember." The result was a devastating diagnosis of early onset Alzheimer's and a remarkable effort by a writer to document his experiences and provide a first-hand account that is both therapeutic to DeBaggio and of immeasurable comfort to individuals and families experiencing the symptoms of this hideous disease. In a refreshingly readable, narrative style DeBaggio provides the reader with a personal record of his illnesses progression while weaving his recollections of his life prior to the diagnosis with his medical records and excerpts from leading medical journals that results in a three-part story that is unforgettable. The end result is a multi-dimensional account of what he calls "...a man dying in slow motion." It is the story of frightening memory loss and the realization that you can no longer drive or perform simple routine tasks that have comprised your daily work habits for over twenty-five years. His story of being unable to operate the cash register at his world-renowned herb and vegetable business is poignant and illustrative of the power of the disease. His description, after having been a writer for most of his life, of the impact of Alzheimer's is especially telling: "I have only a few seconds to capture a thought before it disappears from my mind. Scraps of ideas flit like birds. This is the worst thing to happen to a writer." While the book contains understandable fear, rage, frustration and pity at the inevitable progress of the disease, there are also doses of hope and love and understanding that are of much comfort to those with the disease and their families and friends. In the end his message of love, both for and of his family and friends is of inestimable value and hope for four million souls and counting. This is an extraordinary book. It is a rare, intimate, coherent look at Alzheimer's disease by a talented writer that managed to reduce to paper the lessons learned about the loss of memory and its tragic consequences. My father-in-law recently died of this disease. The book has been of immeasurable help in understanding his struggle.     