 Whitewater rafting is one of the most popular sports in the United States. Every year hundreds of thousands of tourists and avid "river rats" float every type of river in the country. Challenging rivers like the Colorado through the Grand Canyon to the Middle Fork of the Salmon in Idaho, fromthe Tuolumme in California to the Gauley in West Virginia, are routinely rafted by adventurers seeking the challenge and thrill of facing these liquid locomotives. It is not uncommon to wait up to 15 years for a private permit and up to 3 years for a seat on a commercial raft trip through the Grand Canyon.  Predictably, there are numerous books about individual whitewater rafting experiences and a respectable number that explain how to participate in the sport with or without the benefit of a guide. In addition, a few former guides have written books about their experiences but remarkably there are few anthologies written by river guides that purport to tell the truth about river running on western rivers.   This book seeks to remedy that oversight by providing stories from 30 former and current "river rats" that will provide as good a description as one is likely to get of the less than scientific method of river running as practiced by a bunch of "...misfits and misanthropes, dreamers and daredevils, weekend warriors and professional guides, nataphobes and bibliophiles, "established voices" and undiscovered gems." In short, these are stories purported to be factual from a group that's primary claim to fame is storytelling regardless of the truth. It is that and much more.  The stories of kayakers, dory men, canoeists, rafters and assorted others are humorous, thoughtful, questionable, and a reminder of the river lore that has lured rafters to water since Huckelberry Finn. There are stories about nude canoeists, games and pranks favored by river guides, lost tourists on the river and a host of others that provide a hard-to-put down account of both adventures and misadventures on western rivers. Not to be missed is Jessica Maxwell's account of forcing herself to face the "grim river reaper" that is probably more true for a number of rafters than they would, or will, admit. While some of the essays appear to be designed to glorify the writer they are more than offset by the works of such legends as Bruce Berger, John Nichols, Scott Thybony, Brand Dimock and Edward Abbey. To read these eclectic accounts of river experiences is to be introduced to wilderness writings of the first order. Highly recommended.        