 The year was 1857, three years after passage of the Kansas-Nebraska Act that created a struggle that culminated in the Civil War. Erastus F. Beadle was a successful businessman having made his mark first as a printer and subsequently as a publisher. He is best remembered for creating the Dime Novel format in publishing that ultimately made him a millionaire. Sometime in 1856 this New Yorker succumbed to the myth and lure of the West. He left his profitable printing and publishing business and on March 9, 1857, he departed New York for Omaha, Nebraska. This Diary is his impressions and experiences on the frontier from March 9 to October 1, 1857. It is a remarkable peek into a way of life in the American West that is rich in history and, as always in the West, myth. It took Beadle some three months to traverse from New York to Omaha and his descriptions of the conditions encountered on the "Big Muddy" river boats as well as trains, stagecoach, and wagons is both entertaining and instructive of the hardships facing travelers seeking fame and fortune in the West. His experiences in and around Omaha include this description of law and justice:"There is no law here except club laws and vigilance committee to enforce them. A man gets a fair hearing and justice done him but it is quick done and no heavy expence saddled on the County." As to the Indian situation he notes "The Indians have been greatly wronged, and as a general thing when there is Indian depredations the Whites are the first aggressors." His diary also includes detailed descriptions of the landscape, including his fascination with a night prairie fire, as well as the ever-present wind and rain in the spring to the summer heat. The apprehension of the inhabitants over the so-called "slavery stronghold" in Kansas along with the politics of the times is noted as well as a daily description of his workday and evening pleasures. His "self-help" medical care and treatment is ample evidence of the dangerous conditions existing on the frontier and a testament to the tenacity and courage of the settlers. This is a wonderful first person account that is both entertaining and informative. It provides an intimate record of a period in American history that is gone and almost forgotten. Beadle's impressions, anecdotes, details, and descriptions of characters he met and the rigors of the times are indispensable in understanding the mostly mythical West.     