 Did you ever wish there was an alternative to a one-way hike that would provide you with the opportunity to view ever-changing scenery without having to backtrack or, worse yet, make arrangements for a vehicle shuttle? I know I have. Surprisingly, out of the 175,000 plus books published each year, not one had remedied this oversight, at least as it applies to the southwest. Not surprisingly, it took what I consider a premier publisher of outdoor and travel books, The Mountaineers Books, to team up with a writer of 35 years experience to produce the first ever guidebook devoted to loop trails in Arizona. This is significant given that Arizona is the second fastest growing state in the nation and it has a varied climate and topography that allows for hiking opportunities somewhere in the state virtually year round. Bruce Grubbs, a resident of Flagstaff, has spent a lifetime hiking, biking, paddling and skiing Arizona's varied terrain. In addition to being an active outdoor writer and photographer he has written seventeen outdoor guidebooks. He is experienced in both hiking and writing readable books and it shows in this book. Regardless of whether you are an avid hiker or occasional walker; someone with an abundance of time or just passing through with some time to spare, you are in luck. This book describes 75 loop hikes that vary from one-hour escapes to multi-day treks that will appeal to hikers of all ages and abilities. If you are looking for a memorable hike in the Grand Canyon, along the Mongollon Rim, or into the White, Mazatzal, Superstition or Southeast Mountains, this is your first stop for information. Many trails are accessible from Flagstaff in the north to Douglas in the south and a myriad of locations in between including Phoenix, Tucson, Prescott and Sedona. You have a choice of seasons and terrain, whether it be desert, canyon, mountain or forest trails and a Hike Summary Table that is indispensable and a must have for your glove compartment or backpack. But there is more. Each recommended hike, in addition to a brief but concise description of the hike, contains a table indicating the total round trip miles, hiking time, elevation information, water availability, best hiking time by season, pertinent maps and a contact agency. Wrap all this up with a helpful index and informative appendix listing contact points for all pertinent local, state and national parks and forests, photos and maps and a highly readable text and you have a superb guidebook of loop hikes that will make Arizona trails more accessible to hikers of all proficiency levels. Mountaineers Books has once again provided an excellent hiking book that is well worth the reader's time.        