 Perhaps one of Oklahoma's better-kept secrets is the work done by the University of Oklahoma Press. To be sure there are some readers that know  about the quality works published by the Press such as Lige Langston: Sweet  Iron; The Dismissal of Miss Ruth Brown; and The Western Range Revisited, to  name but a few. However, I am frequently surprised at the number of readers  that are not aware of the caliber of the offerings by OU Press. Thus, I was  anxious to read this just released paperback novel, which is volume 30 in  the highly acclaimed American Indian Literature and Critical Studies  Series. I was not disappointed. The novel, written by a Professor of  English Language and Literature at the University of New Mexico who is of  Choctaw-Cherokee-Irish descent, will draw you in from the first page and  keep you reading to the very end of the 296 pages. It is about Jacob  Nashoba who was born in Mississippi, came of age in Vietnam, and settled in  an Apache village on a reservation in the Black Mountains of eastern  Arizona. He finds a job as a game and fish ranger for the Tribe and tries  to adjust to a life of semi-isolation and "adjustment." It's not  easy. The cast of characters he must deal with include his estranged wife,  corrupt tribal officials, a resident anthropologist that is, well,  different, and various and sundry sellers of "vision quests" to  tourists and former Hollywood extras that I swear I have seen in old John  Wayne movies. Add to this mix a right-wing militia group secretly, to some,  training on Indian land and you have the makings for a first rate story.  Dark River has it's light side but be aware that this is a complex, subtle,  sometimes violent story that deals with the aftermath of Vietnam on certain  individuals(not just Nashoba!) and the contemporary problems associated  with Native Americans and their identity. It is not a novel to be taken  lightly. I had to go back and re-read parts of some chapters and think  about the message of this book a number of times. I would do it again. It's  that good. OU Press is to be commended for making this book available to a  wide audience at a reasonable price. They do good work.     