 Good News for mystery fans! Ouray, Colorado resident and prolific writer Ray Derouin has just published his third David Dean mystery and it's a keeper. For the legion of readers familiar with Derouin's earlier works in this series (Time Trial & San Juan Solution) rest assured all of your favorite characters are back and better than ever. For the dwindling number of readers not yet aware of this wonderful series, you are in for a reading delight. The protagonist retired police detective David Dean, his wife Cynthia and stepfather Fred O'Connor have settled into running their Ouray Bed & Breakfast, Bird Song, and enjoying the incomparable mountain scenery and ambiance of this premier mountain town. After a six-month shake down period Bird Song is generating a respectable profit and is booked solid in anticipation of the upcoming mountain Ice Festival for which Ouray is world famous. So far, so good. Ah, but the plot thickens and in the usual Derouin fashion it involves Bird Song guests which his wife describes as "a conflated collection of crazies." A bit of an overstatement you might think? You be the judge. The eclectic mix of guests include a woman and son who claim to be hiding from her abusive husband; a science fiction writerr (sort of) that is a bit unusual; a man from Grand Junction, CO that claims to be the father of the son that is in hiding with his mother; two sisters from Boston that answered an Internet bulletin board message. It seems that Fred O'Connor has some clothing and other items that belonged to their long deceased great aunt that was possibly a former prostitute and lover of a married clergyman in Ouray some 100 years ago. Add in the appearance of the alleged abusive husband, the woman and daughter that help clean the rooms at Bird Song, an apparent suicide, an attempted murder at the Ice Festival, the possibility of a white-clad, ghost like figure that inhabits the Inn and you have the makings of a vintage Derouin mystery. Oh, did I mention the codebook and the suspicion that David Dean is a murderer and the fact that I was positive, three times, that I had figured out who the murderer was only to discover I was wrong after the murdered man appears at Bird Song? This is by far Derouin's best book and that is saying something given the highly acclaimed first two in the series. The characters are believable, the text highly readable, and the setting is both authentic and a credit to Ouray and the surrounding area. Derouin knows his stuff and it shows. Having lived in the area I was delighted to again visit Ouray; have coffee with Priscilla at Cimarron Books in Ridgway; visit the ski slopes of Telluride, and otherwise spend a wonderful time in a beautiful area with an incomparable writer on Mountain Ice. Highly recommended.     