 Good news for crime fiction fans. Michael McGarrity has issued the sixth book in his highly acclaimed series featuring old friend and protagonist Kevin Kerney as the new police chief of Santa Fe, New Mexico and about to be embroiled in a mystery that includes murders, computer espionage and national security. For readers that have not read McGarrity's previous novels, be aware that many now believe he rivals Tony Hillerman with his highly readable style and unique ability to combine his knowledge of both the landscape and culture of the American southwest with plot and storyline that have few equals. Kerney, after having been deputy chief for the New Mexico State Police, is persuaded to postpone retirement and accept a job as police chief of Santa Fe, New Mexico. The department is in disarray and less than professional; Kerney's wife is pregnant and intent on pursuing her military career; and Kerney simply cannot seem to stay away from police work he so enjoys. Thus, he accepts the job in Santa Fe that is not known as a high crime area and keeps him close to the land and people he knows and understands so well. A pretty good setup for someone that wants to keep his hand in law enforcement but not as demanding and dangerous as former jobs...one would think! The story begins with the murder of the estranged wife of a U.S. Ambassador in her Santa Fe home. At first it appears to be a crime not unlike others Kerney has investigated in his career, senseless to be sure but not without clues and witnesses. Ah, but the plot thickens. Just as Kerney begins his investigation he is notified that a FBI anti-terrorism team is enroute to Santa Fe and will take over the investigation. It seems that national security might be involved which requires the expertise of the feds. A bit unusual to be sure but Kerney initially discontinues investigation and steps into the background while the FBI takes charge. True to form the case turns bizarre with the feds sanitizing the crime scene, potential witnesses disappearing, and ultimately what appears to Kerney to be fake evidence is used to clear and close the case. Suspecting a cover-up Kerney begins his own unofficial investigation which leads to evidence of a covert cover-up involving U.S. intelligence agencies, dot-com companies, and rogue federal agents. He is placed under surveillance, threatened, and forced to watch as a number of murders are committed, including his own officers, in the name of national security. It also appears he is on the hit list. This is McGarrity at his best. The story moves at a fast pace, is highly readable, and eerily believable given both the current climate in this country and the unique talent of the author to place the reader in a time and place he obviously knows so well. The description of the Southwest landscape combined with both a believable plot and characters makes this a must read for mystery fans or anyone seeking a good read. I reviewed one of his previous books, The Judas Judge, and noted "He knows the territory and it shows." It is still true in this book. Highly recommended.     