 Good news! The sequel to Fred Harris' highly acclaimed, award winning first novel, Coyote Revenge, is just now being released to booksellers and it is a keeper. For those readers familiar with Harris' first book you will be delighted to know that "Okie" Dunnis back along with a host of colorful characters straight out of southwestern Oklahoma. If you missed the first novel, and want to read something by a lively storyteller that includes characters you will swear you have met, this is the book for you. The protagonist from the first book, "Okie" Dunn, is back as the sheriff of Vernon, OK. He is joined by his Chief Deputy, Stud Wampler, who was a long-time friend of Dunn's father and "as loyal and good-hearted as a brother" and Crystal Boucher, the first female deputy in Oklahoma, who "had a good brain and a notably compassionate heart." When you mix these characters with a slovenly bounty hunter and a beautiful redheaded lawyer, both from Oklahoma City, with a slick character named Carter from Dallas, or was it Castor from Mexico?, all looking for the sweet and innocent schoolteacher named Janeaster Parnell, you have a great story. Oh, did I mention the body that dropped out of the sky; the attack on Dunn; the trip to Veracruz; the abortion; the sexual encounter between Dunn and the lawyer; and...? This is Fred Harris at his best. While his first novel was good this one is better, much better. Harris has the unique ability to combine colorful, believable characters with a realistic dialogue and description of events that will, if you are not careful, make you swear you either know one of the characters or have been in the physical location he describes. You will not find characters here that leap tall buildings in a single bound. Most of us don't know many characters like that. These are folks that lived through the depression and struggle daily to survive and help each other. They save string and bailing wire because you never know when you will need it and they sometimes take a shot of home brew, for medicinal purposes don't you know. Harris' work is also unique and special in that he can write on such diverse, and potentially divisive, subjects as abortion; murder; sex; humor; and a variety of other topics, all in one book, in a manner that make the book suitable for virtually all age groups. He is able to tell a story with humor, suspense, tragedy, decency and tenderness that is as authentic as it is moving. Teenagers to senior citizens will like this book. If you are looking for a good mystery story with the added bonus of an accurate description of the life and times in rural Oklahoma during the depression, this is for you. As some would say about native Oklahoman Fred Harris, "He done good."     