 The Librarian of Congree named Kooser U.S. Poet Laureate on August 12th for a one-year term beginning in October, 2004. He is a retired life insurance executive who lives on an acreage near the village of Garland, Nebraska, northwest of Lincoln. He has published ten books of poetry and won numerous awards including two National Endowment fo the Arts fellowships in poetry, the James Boatwright Prize, the Pushcart prize, the Stanley Kunitz Prize, a Merit Award from the Nebraska Arts Council and the 2001 Nebraska Book Award for poetry. This is his latest effort and a perfect example of his talent for writing poetry that is accessible, inviting, familiar and ordinary in a most extraordinary way. There are no tricks, no intentional obscurities, no academic machinatins or clever slights of hand in his work. Instead, what you get is his observation of people, places, and events that make up our everydday life in an ordinary world all done in a way this is frest, illuminating, and ultimately Oh, so familiar. Using what poet Randall Jarrell calls "the dailiness of life," Kooser combines the past and present to remind us of, ultimately, the worthiness of existence. For example, in the poem"A Winter Morning," Our attention is called to the light in a farmhouse window viewed from the highway that we have all seen in one form or another. "A farmhouse window far back from the highway  speaks to the darkness in a small, sure voice.  against this stillness, only a kettle's whisper,  and against the starry cold, one small blue ring of flame."  His poem "Necktie" is delightful, implies familiarity that is somehow new and important, and indicative of the wonderful verses throughout the book. "His hands flutter like birds,  each with a fancy silk ribbon  to weave into their nest,  as he stood at the mirror  dressing for work, waving hello  to himself with both hands."  In all there are fifty-nine poems ranging from his father, mother, casting reels, garage sales, death, memory, a new cap, and a host of commong things and daily events that will remain in your memory, and heart, long after you finish the book...if you ever do. Kooser is truly a poet of the people. He gives voice to the heartland and is described by Librarian of Congress James H. Billington as "...a major poetic voice for rural and small town America..." whose "...verse reaches beyond his native region to touch on universal themes in accessible ways."  A wonderful collection from a poet truly worthy of being U.S. Poet Laureate.     