 I think it is amazing, perhaps instructive, that as we enter the new millennium, with its high tech hardware and eye-glazing promises, there is a growing interest in learning skills that depend more on the individual  and less on machines. This interest to be self-sufficient, indeed in some  cases to survive, cuts across socio-economic lines and relies on the  ability and resources of the individual and not so much on the much-touted  20th century technology and its attendant costs. The genesis of many of  these skills may be traced to the early mountain men of America. Recent  experience teaches us that many of these skills must be re-learned, or  taught anew, to most Americans. Fortunately, there is a good teacher from  western Colorado that has taken the time to pack a lifetime of learning and  skills into "Lighting Grandma's Fire." Cunningham is a lifelong  practitioner of early mountain man skills. He grew up in Maine and has  become a recognized authority on basic survival skills of American Mountain  men. The book is chock full of basic information that will vastly imporve  the skills, and perhaps chances of survival, of anyone who contemplates  ever going into the outdoors. In 16 easy-to-read chapters you will learn  how to do everything from making a Slouch Hat to the basics of Scrimshaw.  Also, you will learn to light a fire without matches; sharpen a knife; make  leather trousers and Indian moccasins; build your own Bucksaw; make a gourd  cantee; use a Dutch oven; make snowshoes and a host of other skills that  will amaze you. Cunninghaw writes in an informative, highly readable style.  Unlike other books dealing with these subjects, this book is written in  such a manner that you feel you are in the woods with the author, learning  together in a fun, non-technical setting. As a bonus, there is a  bibliography, a comprehensive list of suppliers and some wonderful  graphics. If the reader has the remotest interest in early day mountain  men, outdoor skills, or learning to be more self-sufficient, and don't want  to spend a lot of money on the basics, get this book. You can spend more  but you cant buy better.     