 "The crown of literature is poetry.  It is its end and aim.  It is the sublimest activity of the human mind.  It is the achievement of beauty and delicacy.  The writer of prose can only step aside when the poet  passes." -W. Somerset Maugham. Every time I read this quote I think  of Laurie Wagner Buyer, a special poet from Fairplay, CO.  If you have not  read any of her previous works, some of which are out of print, and would  like to be introduced to some "beauty and delicacy," you are in  luck.  Red Colt Canyon is Buyer's fourth book of poetry and it is a keeper.  Buyer and her husband work a cow-calf operation near Fairplay, CO.  She not  only understands ranching but has a keen eye for the natural beauty that  seems to become all the more awesome under her watchful eyes.  Her  observations about personal relationships cut to the bone and will leave  you with a myriad of feelings. The book is divided into three segments.   The first, "Heartwood," is a chronicle of ranching life and the  trials experienced by a husband and wife as they work together to survive  both economically and spiritually.  It has not been easy as noted in  "That First Summer." "We cooked out of cans and boxes, grew  grungy and tough, set out markers on the land and on our hearts, never  knowing that nine years later we would still be fixing broken dreams and  busted wires." Included in this section is Buyer's award winning poem  "Until I Run Out of Thread," which is simply a wonderful example  of the beauty and delicacy admired by Somerset Maugham.  It alone is worth  the price of the book. The second segment, "Unrumbled Thunder,"  confirms Buyer's acute awareness of, and appreciation for,nature.  She  writes of the wonders of the river and cottontail rabbits with "such  small elegance," a Killdeer's rapid voice in the morning, and a  multitude of other natural forces that she summarizes in "These Things  of the Earth" as "These simple, ordinary, everyday, miraculous  things of the earth."  In all, there are 21 poems in this segment  incluling "Early Winter Walk" which is a special tribute to  Buyer's sensitivty to nature. The final segment, "Women on the  Bridge," is a collection written mostly for specific individuals.   They celebrate and try to explain women's life on western ranches.  Two  have stayed with me for nights,"Letters" and "There Were No  Women."  If you have ever wondered how it is living on an isolated  ranch, I'm talking about the real thing, then take a look at these poems.   Buyer has written a striking, tough, gentle, no nonsense collection that  will stand the test of time.  W. Somerset Maugham would have approved.     