 I enjoy travel and have just returned from a wonderful trip to Baja, CA. Well, I didn't actually get to go in person but I did the next best thing. I just finished reading Berger's story of his experiences over three  decades in the remotest region of the Sonoran desert, Baja, CA. Berger is a  prolific writer and author of numerous books including There Was a River  and The Telling Distance, which won both a Western States Book Award and a  Colorado Book Authors award. He has an ongoing love affair with Baja(30  years) and it shows no sign of abating. Almost an Island is not your  typical travel book.They are a dime a dozen. This book is a collection of  stories, history, politics and reminiscence of the real Baja. It's a human  story about real characters, agonizingly beautiful and harsh geography, and  a future as uncertain as the paved highway recently built in part to  encourage "economic development" and bring the  "advantages" of modern living to the populace via tourism. When  you go with Berger you are a traveler rather than a tourist. You will visit  remote places and meet people that most tourists never see. The characters  are unforgettable and, well, eccentric to say the least. Come along and  meet Brandy, a Marine Corps veteran with scarred lungs, that traverses the  desert in a dune buggy and oxygen tanks. How about spending some time with  an innkeeper from Hollywood, nuns that raise pigs under questionable  circumstances, and a former Detroit auto executive that walked away from a  career and settled on a beach. The story of the activities surrounding a  total eclipse is hilarious. There are stories of a pet tarantula, pronghorn  antelope, and a million points of light in between. Berger is a keen  observer of every thing he sees and experiences. He brings you the feel,  the smell, the taste of the incredible diversity of the eight hundred mile  long peninsula of desert surrounded by the sea we know as Baja. It is  remote, close to the United States, famous, and little known. If you want  to meet this area up close and personal, go with Bruce Berger. It is a trip  you will never forget and you can't beat the price.     