 According to a recent story in the New York Times Book Review there were 175,000 new books published in the U.S. in 2003. That was a 19% increase from the previous year and there is a good chance it will increase again this year. Unfortunately, such a deluge of new titles necessarily means that a number of worthy books will never be brought to the reader's attention. This may be such a book and it will be a shame if readers are not made aware of what Publishers Weekly calls "...a love letter to nature." To be sure it is that but it is so much more. It is a rare jewell worthy of the reader's attention. Hinchman is a published author, artist, illustrator, graphic designer and keen observer of both the landscape and people she encounters in a manner that not only enables the reader to see and feel her visions but to subtly allow the reader to begin to see and feel their own surroundings in a different way. Hinchman lives in Augusta, Montana, with her dog, Sisu, in some of the wildest country along the Rocky Mountain Front. The regional telephone book lists some 400 souls and main street has a general store, gas station, motel, two cafes, a bed & breakfast, hair salon, small library, coffee house and three bars. It is Lewis & Clark country and a place where solitude is valued and companionship treasured...sometimes. Single and approaching middle age, Hinchman moved to Augusta for the solitude and to concentrate on the landscape via her art. The result is this wonderful book that has hand-lettered text throughout and scores of watercolors, drawings and maps that are exquisite, detailed and thoughtful. She has captured the flora and fauna of the region in intricate detail and whether its hiking mountain terrain, exploring wetlands and marshes, or walking the vast grassy plains with the ever present Sisu, the reader is treated to a visual and written landscape that is unique and memorable. She also takes us to the Augusta rodeo, the Buckhorn Bar & Grill and Latigo & Lace, a coffee house, book store, art gallery, hand made clothing store, et al.and lets her language and imagery introduce the inhabitants of Augusta. Its almost like the reader is invited into her world and encouraged to sit a spell. The blending of her observations of the natural world with many of the colorful characters of the town, all in a highly readable manner, is both refreshing and unusual. Hinchman designed, lettered and illustrated the book personally, which is unusual for a major publisher to allow. However, when you see the wonderful watercolors, pen and ink, pastels or colored pencil illustrations and the hand-lettered text it will become apparent this is no ordinary book and the author is no ordinary writer. Highly recommended.       