 Eugene O'neill(1888-1953)was, and is,in the literary and theatrical arena a world-renowned figure.Had he been a baseball player he would be in the Hall of Fame. He was a four-time winner of the Pulitzer Prize, beginning in  1920 for Beyond the Horizon; in 1922 for Anna Christie; in 1928 for Strange  Interlude; and again in 1956 for A Long Day's Journey into Night. He also  won the Nobel Prize for literature in 1936. He is one of the crown jewels  in American literature and Theater. Thus, it was with great interest that I  recently received a copy of The Last Will and Testament of an Extremely  Distinguished Dog. Quite frankly, while I naturally knew of O'neill, I had  never heard of this book. It turns out it is a new edition of a book  originally written by O'Neill in the 1940's as a tribute to his dog. Animal  lovers, especially those with a particular affection for dogs, owe the  publisher a great debt for reissuing this little known gem. Silverdene  Emblem O'Neill-better known as Blemie-was a special Border collie that  obviously captured the heart of O'Neill. In a moving and timeless elegy  O'Neill clearly and compassionately describes the feelings of loss  experienced by all true pet lover's when the death of a pet occurs.The pain  is evident though O'Neill finds solace and comfort in remembering the  joy,friendship and happiness he found with his friend.Those who have  experienced the loyalty,love and friendship of a special dog will  understand O'Neill's heartwarming tribute to Blemie.The message of love,  friendship and caring will be an inspiration to all who have, or will, face  the end of a special pet's life. I have read the book four times,not  without tears, and still find a message of hope in this tender, special  book. This is a wonderful, timeless, elegant book that will move you in  ways you may have forgotten.It is bealutifully illustrated with twenty-five  original hand-stitched quilts by award-winning quilt maker Adrienne  Yorinks.While O'Neill will be remembered in the literary and theatrical  world for his Pulitzer and Nobel Prizes, and rightfully so, I will always  remember his most for his tribute to Blemie, his most important prize of  all. Get this book, you'll be glad you did.     