 This is an informative, sometimes funny, sometimes serious, well-written collection of eclectic newspaper columns that were published in the Savannah Morning News between 1989 and 1999. I have always been drawn to newspaper stories or columns that portray the activities of individual residents in a community that might otherwise go unnoticed. Such well known writers as Carl Hiassen of the Miami Herald, Rick Bragg of the New York Times, and Ed Quillen of the Denver Post come to mind as being part of that rare breed of newspaper reporters that can write and writers that are good newspaper reporters. After reading this book, I suspect Jane Fishman has all the makings required to join such a select group. Fishman came to the Savannah Morning News after having taught high school English, written speeches, managed her own restaurant and owned and operated a laundromat in Eureka Springs, Ark. She ended up in Savannah in her seemingly typical fashion: "I did not choose Savannah. It chose me. So did journalism. I needed a job, something other than peeling shrimp, sauteing onions or expediting dinner specials between servers and cooks. I didn't care what the job paid or where it was...I was looking for a desk job." She found a desk job and readers are the richer for it. This collection, organized into categories such as "Savannah," "Comings and Goings," "How We Live Now," "Gardening," "Seasons," "Family and Friends," and "Once a Mother Always a Mother," provides the reader with an intimate view of Savannah not found in travel books or Chamber of Commerce handouts. One column introduces the reader to Miss Addie Reeves, a 94-year-old black woman that cooks and bakes for anyone in need because "I just love to cook and give. My mama raised me like that." She does it while scooting around the kitchen in an office chair because she was injured in an automobile accident ten years ago and walking is a problem. The stories of Patches and Dinah and Lucita will make you laugh and cry and perhaps call up your own memories of pet's lost and found. Another column recognizes Juliette Gordon Low, founder of the Girl Scouts and native of Savannah who just happened to be a true eccentric, if a woman standing on her head in a board meeting to exhibit a newly designed Girl Scout shoe qualifies. There are columns on the frustrations and joys of home gardening; race relations then and now; the wrenching decision to cease coloring her gray hair; and wonderful stories of citizens, friends, and neighbors that will give the reader a flavor for the real Savannah. This book is highly recommended.     