 In the world of book publishing it seems that 2000 is the year of the memoir. There are literally hundreds of so-called memoirs being rushed to press. Most are a thinly veiled effort to cash in on the latest touchy-feely fad and will soon be piled on the growing remainder pile. A few, a precious few, are of an award-winning caliber and worth the reader's time. This is such a book. Mountain City is the story of a rural mining town in Nevada that has experienced the bust-and-boom times so typical of much of the West. It's population, once numbered in the thousands, now totals thirty-three. The town has experienced the off-told western tale of fame and fortune, good jobs and a promising future, and then the seemingly inevitable exploitation of the land and people and ultimate abandonment by those who promised the elusive pot of gold. Attrition follows soon after and the cycle begins again with every promising rumor or spoken hope by those that remain. It is a story as old as the West itself. So, what makes this book so special? Gregory Martin, unlike so many that grew up in the West, never really left Mountain City. Oh, to be sure he moved away and established a career away from this northern Nevada town that is 84 miles away from anything. However, he kept returning time and again to visit his grandparents and work in his uncle's general store. His memoir of not only the history of the town but its inhabitants is nothing short of wonderful. He has succeeded in telling the story of these descendants of Basque (Bascos) shepherds and Cornish Tin Miners; Native American Indians; and assorted others that at once introduces the reader to a small slice of contemporary western life and the history of much of the West as a whole. The reader will meet many of the 33 permanent residents. People such as Uncle Mel, the owner of Tremewan's. Tremewan's is the town general store. In fact it is the only store in town and thus the social and cultural center. This is, if you don't count the bar frequented by the four widow ladies that meet to discuss town matters and pull the levers of the slot machines. Membership is limited to those whose husbands are dead...not just gone, but dead. It is a story of growing old, watching out for each other, and hoping, always hoping, that things will improve. It is also the story of self-reliance, stubbornness, love, and the acceptance of a most difficult but rewarding experience. This is an honest, moving, touching story of a way of life that in many respects is disappearing from the West. The folks in Mountain City know it's better days are gone, probably for good. Yet a few stay and rather than become hardened where it matters most, in their soul, they maintain a stoic yet determined demeanor that values the individual while it supports the collective community. That is also a trait common to the history of the West. This is a marvelous book not only in the way it is written but also in the story it tells. For those readers interested in the West this is a must read. For those living in the West this book will help remind you of the values still found in places 84 miles from nowhere.     