 There must be hundreds, maybe thousands, of medical related books dealing with heart disease. Since two of my grandfathers and my father died of heart related illnesses I have more than a passing interest in the subject.  The problem is most of the books I have seen are geared more toward the  medical specialists or are the result of an individual experience which,  while interesting and sometimes inspiring, do not address in layman's  language the disease and its treatment. Thus it was with great interest,  and a bit of skepticism, that I read A Primer on Heart Disease. It was time  well spent. Dr. Wise has some thirty years of cardiology practice and  experience and has written widely in the scholarly journals. He is  certainly qualified to write on this subject. However, as important to the  layman, he has a knack of combining scientific knowledge with a  down-to-earth, common sense style of writing that is both understandable  and hopeful. The book is comprised of twenty chapters, an indes, a  glossary, and clear and consise illustrations which, taken together, will  provide the layman with a wealth of information on heart disease, its  diagnosis and treatment. A great feature of the book is the reader can read  selected chapters in which they are most interested and get easy to  understand information without having to read the entire book. There are  chapters on Angina; Hypertension; Pacemakers; Congential Heart Disease;  Generic Drugs; Diagnosis and Treatment; By-Pass Surgery and a host of  others. All are designed to give the layman, and their families, practical  advice on a disease that kills nearly one million American's(half of them  women) and costs in excess of $140 billion each year. If you are remotely  interested in heart disease and are looking for an easy to read,  understandable, authoritative book on the subject, this is the book for  you. This is the kind of compassionate, straight talk that patients search  for from their Doctor. You can spend more but you can't buy a better primer  on this deadly disease.     