 Yes, this book is written by THE Fred R. Harris. You old timers will remember his as the Oklahoma boy born during the Depression in Walters, OK. You know, the one that went on to graduate from OU law school and serve in  the State senate for eight years and the U.S. Senate for nine years. The  same guy that ran unsuccessfully for the Democratic presidential nomination  in 1976. Maybe you have read some of his seventeen authored or co-authored  books on political science or social issues. If you happen to be one of  those young whipper-snappers that don't remember Harris but are kind of  interested, you are in luck. Coyote Revenge is Harris'first historical  fiction mystery novel and it is a real keeper. The story is set in rural  southwestern Oklahoma in the mid-1930's and is replete with characters that  you will swear are right out of Walters, OK. They are all here: ranchers,  farmers, Indians, small towns bankers and some womern you will never  forget. In addition, there are multiple murders and a suicide that keeps  the story moving along with humor, suspense, tragedy, decency, and  tenderness that is as authentic as it is moving. Harris is true to his  roots in the description and dialogue of the characters and events in the  Depression era small town in Oklahoma. I have read a number of scholarly  works on the "okies" of the dust bowl ear and Harris has the  scene down pat. From the dislike of Hoover to the revering of Roosevelt,  where "Hudge" Dunn, father of the principal character  "Okie", states "When Roosevelt took his seat in '33 we  commenced to climb, and we clumb!" From the placing of a "ten  pound" card in the window for the ice man and the unforgettable taste  of a NeHi soda on a hot, dry Oklahoma summer day to the pie suppers and  share cropping struggles, its all here in dust-bowl dialect and faithful  detail. It is apparent Harris never forgot his roots. If you are looking  for a good mystery story with the added bonus of a true description of life  in rural Oklahoma during the Depression, get this book. As some would say  about Fred Harris, "He done good."     