 Muriel Marshall, long time Colorado Western Slope resident and authoritative author, has done it again. In her incomparable, easy-to-read style, she has written the definitive book about a famous landmark on the  Western Slope that the Ute Indians, wise in such matters, called Heaven.  Most present day visitors know it a Grand Mesa, reputed to be the world's  largest flattop mountain. The book is a well-researched, in-depth look at  this 2,000 square mile geological phenomenon. It's all here, the history,  the people, the place and events that have made Grand Mesa such a unique  place. You will learn there are more than a thousand named places on some  50 U.S. Geological Survey quad maps required to cover its surface. Names  such as Condemn It Park, Hell's Kitchen, Dead Man's Gulch and Holy Terror  Creek are vividly described and framed in historical perspective. The story  of Enos Hotchkiss and his entry into the Uncompahgre Valley is both  interesting and factually accurate. The hardships endured by the Utes and  early settlers are a reminder of the sometimes unforgiving climate and  terrain on this one-of-a-kind treasure. You will visit 300 lakes, walk  among the springtime flowers, enjoy summer hiking and fishing, revel in its  myriad winter activities, and marvel at its incomparable, colorful autumn.  Its all here, the history that is truly sometimes stranger than fiction;  the people who struggled to settle, but never really tamed, this formidable  obstacle; the vast array of flora and fauna found within its boundaries;  and the events that have made Grand Mesa a "heaven" to those  fortunate enough to have traversed its terrain. This is destined to be the  definitive history of Grand Mesa. It is a comprehensive, well written book  that is the hallmark of Marshall. For you readers who have read her earlier  works, you know what I mean. For you that have not, well...you are in for a  treat. Marshall is as great an asset on the Western Slope as the people and  places she writes about. You will never truly know Grand Mesa until you  read this book.     