 If there is one thing I have learned over the years of reading and writing book reviews, it is that not all newspaper reporters can write and not all writers are good newspaper reporters. However, once in a while someone comes along that can do both, sometimes very well. John Maclean, a former writer, reporter and editor for the Chicago Tribune for 30 years, is such a person. He has been nominated for two Pulitzer Prizes and has written the definitive story of a wildfire near Glenwood Springs, Colo., in July of 1994 that resulted in the death of 14 men and women from Montana and Oregon. It is destined to become a classic, much as his father's books, "A River Runs Through It" and "Young Men and Fire." With the extensive media coverage of the wildfires burning in the West and the attendant cost in both property and lives, including the tragic death of a firefighter assigned to an Oklahoma crew, this book is timely and prophetic. This is the story of a wildfire that got out of control on Storm King Mountain near Glenwood Springs on July 6, 1994. Fourteen elite firefighters, both "smoke jumpers" and "hotshots," ultimately died in an inferno which was eerily similar to a fire in Montana in 1949 that claimed the lives of 13 firefighters. They all died by "inhaling fire," which leaves little to the imagination. The question is if such a "blowup" occurred in 1949 why did it happen again in 1994 to 14 of America's finest firefighters who had the training, equipment and experience to survive such an event? Maclean has meticulously researched the events leading up to the tragedy, beginning with the weather reports available to the supervisors on the ground and closing with the installation of the granite crosses on Storm King that mark the location of each body. The answer to the question of why the fire, which started with a lone pine tree and clearly visible from Interstate Highway 70, was not extinguished days earlier is enough to make your blood boil. The actions or more appropriately the inaction of government agencies is alarming and shameful. The Bureau of Land Management and U.S. Forest Service are singled out for their role in the tragedy which some say borders on the criminal. Readers not familiar with these agencies will be amazed at their ineptitude, petty bickering and callous disregard for their employees and human life. To learn that two government agency managers that failed to fight the fire in the early stages were later given pay raises and public commendations by their superiors will be a real eye-opener. This for so-called experts who couldn't even get the name of the fire's location correct. Maclean has written not only an excellent account of the tragedy but has provided the reader with an inside look at the culture of modern wildfire fighting. He explains in a riveting manner how recent incidents in Los Alamos, N.M., as well as Storm King Mountain, can and do occur with alarming regularity. That he is able to objectively provide insightful analysis and credible conslusions while at the same time exhibiting sensitivity and compassion for the victims and their comrades is a testament to the skills of this master storyteller. The book is well researched, superbly written and will be the standard by which future accounts of wildfire incidents will be judged. His father would have been proud.     