 What's in a Name?  Actually, quite a lot as you will discover if you get this interesting, informative book. As a non-native of Colorado I have often wondered at, and about, some of the names I encounter when entering  the outskirts of a city, town or settlement.  For instance, what would  motivate someone to name a town Firstview, or Last Chance, or Ophir?  More  times than not my inquiries of locals or natives were less than  satisfactory.  It is amazing the number of citizens that do not know why or  how their community received its name.  Thus, you can imagine my delight  when I discovered this gem of a book.  No longer do I have to rely on  finding the right person in a town to provide me with the source of the  town name or visit the local library to satisfy my curiosity.  The book  provides historical, geographical, and geological information on Colorado  cities, towns, settlements, villages, and crossroads within all 63 present  day counties. In addition, there is an abundance of stories associated with  the naming of the sites that simply "seemed worth telling." The  town of Ophir was named after a verse in the bible, 1 Kings 9:28 which some  say has sustained the town. Some say Telluride, the famous ski resort, was  named for the chemical element Tellurium even though the area contains no  Tellurium!  Others say that prospective visitors were warned by prospectors  and miners:  "To Hell You Ride." 19th century literary interests  led to the naming of Montrose.  The name was selected from the popular  works of Sir Walter Scott, specifically his 1819 novel The Legend of  Montrose. Ah, but there is more, much more.  Want to know about Delta, Saw  Pit, Silverton, Aspen?  What about Firstview and Last Chance?  They, and  many more, are all here. If you are a history buff, traveler, or just  curious about Colorado place names this is the book for you.  It is  inexpensive, just the right size to take with you in the car, and easy to  read.  Now, what is this about Mount Sneffels and Jules Verne's A Journey  to the Centre of the Earth?...(p.151).     