 What if? In a world filled with an abundance of diverse religions there is one thread of commonality that binds them together: The search for eternal life. To be sure there are differing views on how to achieve this goal but eternal life remains the ultimate goal. What if I was to tell you that a man of the cloth had discovered a way to deliver eternal life and that it involved a triumph of dark over light? What if I told you this road to salvation led to Satan disguised as vampires and that which appears to be a satanic curse is really a gift from God? Unbelievable you say? Meet the Reverend Mo Johnston. Mo Johnston is a televangelist that experiences a rather unusual encounter on his final night in Eastern Europe, Transylvania to be specific, where he has gone to collect materials for his TV ministry. He is attacked by a creature that the local authorities believe to be a vampire. Johnston determines it was Satan and returns home to exhibit the puncture marks in his neck and to convince his followers that he has encountered, and successfully defeated, the Devil. His popularity soars and success is within reach. However, there are some small problems that develop which causes Johnston to question his faith. Problems like his increasing sexual attraction to his young female assistant; like his attraction to a local sex-club and a stripper named Denise; like picking up a famale hithchiker; and the incident with the janitor; and what at first seems to be cold-blooded murder; and his increasing inablility to function in the light and requiring darkness to pursue other urges such as attacking female victims and leaving puncture wounds in their neck. When his victims survive and seem to be immune to death Johnston becomes convinced that his vampire traits are not really a Satanic curse but, given his and his victims seemingly eternal life status, are really a gift from God. To be sure his methods are a little, shall we say, unorthodox, but God does sometimes work in mysterious ways. After all, who can argue with the gift of eternal life, no matter how acquired? This is a religious horror story that is an absolute must-have for fans of this genre. It is well written and contains all of the elements of a best seller: Love, the supernatural, religion, sex, and a subtle, disquieting thought that keeps running through my mind, What if? If you are looking for a ringside seat at the internal fight between light and dark and the possibility of another kind of eternal life, this is the book for you. Wooley just keeps getting better and better. Highly recommended.     