 I remember the event very well. It's one of those life experiences you don't tend to forget. I was living on the western slope of Colorado in a small mountain town. It was a winter weekend, the weather was cold and  blustery, and I had just finished reading the latest Tony Hillerman novel,  for the second time. After a cup of coffee and some quiet contemplation it  dawned on me; I was without a good mystery book set in the southwest. What  to do? After checking with my HMO and finding they would not pay for  admission to the local book detox center and facing a long week-end without  a literary fix, I did what any self-respecting reader would do, I went to  my favorite on-line bookseller for advice and counseling. Thus, it was with  great delight that I was introduced to the mystery novels of Michael  McGarrity. I have since read all of his works including Hermit's Peak,  Serpent Gate, Mexican Hat, and the highly acclaimed Tularosa. You can  imagine my excitment upon receiving his latest offering, The Judas Judge.  While McGarrity may not yet be on the par with Hillerman, he is surely  getting there. Few write as convincingly and accurately using the southwest  as as setting as does McGarrity. The Judas Judge brings back our old friend  and protagonist Kevin Kerney, Deputy State Police Chief for the New Mexico  State Police, and a host of characters. The setting is New Mexico and the  beautiful country of the American Southwest. It's all here for the  committed mystery fan and those sho just like a good read. Keerney is  called on to investigate a multiple murder spree, which culminates in the  death of a former judge. Along the way he encounters a complex web of  deceit. lies, and some characters right out of, well, Hillerman country.  Oh, did I mention the death of a rogue cop, police corruption, and Kerney  becoming an instantaneous father and grandfather? The plot is fast paced,  the characters are believable, and his description of everyday, routine  police work, warts and all, is on target. McGarrity weaves his  understanding of Native American culture(in this instance the Mescalero  Apache's) with his superb knowledge of the landscape and people of the  American Southwest that results in a scene that adds flesh to the bones of  the New Mexico landscape. Finally, the question in any good mystery book,  Who done it? Well, it may be the judge's daughter and/or son; it could be  his former mistress, or maybe the present one. On the other hand it may be  someone connected with the rogue cop or the person that killed the judge's  wife with a letter bomb six years earlier. However, one must not rule out  the hit-and-run driver that killed the judge's son on a lonely stretch of  New Mexico highway. It's funny how money, sexual indiscretions, revenge,  family secrets, deceit, and other possible motives can lead to a wide  assortment of suspects. Ah, that's why we have Kevin Kerney. McGarrity  writes with clarity and knowledge of the landscape, both physically and  culturally. He is a former law enforcement officer and has worked both  sides of the street, both as a Deputy Sheriff and as an Investigator for  the New Mexico Public Defender's Office. He knows the territory and it  shows. Who Done It? You be the Judge.     