 All Princess Sophie of Carpathia wanted was some time living like a normal person before she returned to her country, married the man who'd proposed (but whom she didn't love) and resumed her duties as one of the royal family. Well, she got her wish and landed smack dab in the middle of Steve Koleski's life. Steve, electrician (and darned good photographer) and guardian of his best friend's 5 kids doesn't know who the woman with the strange hair and clothes is, but he does know that after running through a handful of housekeepers in a matter of weeks, he wasn't about to look a gift in the mouth. So, when Sophie (now aka Lisa Stone) offers her service for two weeks, he hesitates but not for long. A person would have to be blind not to see the rapport she had with kids. So, Steve gets his housekeeper and Lisa gets her two-week in the real world. Little did either know that both would get the lesson of a lifetime in the game of love or that along the way both would learn what is really important in life-and sometimes it's not what we think it is. Sophie must decide whether or not to accept the proposal of a man she likes but doesn't love and Steve must make the painful decision over whether to pursue his dream of photography or stay and take over the family business. I read the book during a time when a medical problem had me wanting a comfort read, and Plain-Jane Princess gave me exactly what I needed. I loved the hero, Steve and the banter between him and Sophie/Lisa is priceless at times. The author's knack for internal dialogue is amazing, especially for Steve. *His* dialogue, both external and internal had me laughing many times throughout the book. He's an honest, caring man with a wicked sense of humor (much comes through in internal dialogue, which for me in a lot of cases is much funnier). Plain-Jane Princess more than deserved its 4 Top Pick Rating from Romantic Times Magazine. If this book isn't nominated for awards, there is no justice in this world. Ms. Templeton, you've outdone yourself. Thank you for giving readers a story that will stay with them long after the last page is read.     