 Allison Thomas is the sweetheart of Santa Magdelana, California. The owner of a shop whose chocolates outshine the Grande Dame of decadent chocolate indulgences, Allison has a soft heart for anyone a bit down on their luck and clients of the local spa, to whom she `smuggles' chocolates on a regular basis. Her track record with men, however, is wretched, a fact that piques her mother no end, as Charlotte Elizabeth Thomas wants grandchildren and since her son, Rick, is gay, Allison is her only hope, which she continually reminds her daughter. Into her life walks handyman, Matt Baker, and from the first, Allison senses there is much more to Matt than meets the eye. But Matt refuses to answer questions, preferring to do his work then retire to his room by himself. Little by little, Matt's story emerges as he begins to open up, aided by Allison's caring nature. We learn he's done things he's not proud of, that he turned his back on people and walked away, and has been punishing himself ever since. I, for one, did not find his `running away' as heinous as other readers have. Yes, it was drastic and most likely not the best way to deal with his problems, but as I learned more about Matt and his history, the more my heart ached for him. Allison, on the other hand, fears she's falling again for Mr. Oh-So-Wrong. How could she possibly love a man about whom she knew so little? Ms. Mallery puts her characters through their paces as they share their feelings about their dysfunctional families, their pasts and their business methodologies - - and falling in love. In the end, both will need to examine their lives and decide if the sacrifices they must make are worth it.  A couple of things bothered me: No matter how heated the moment gets, I want my hero and heroine to protect themselves-especially in this day and age. Matt and Allison engaged in several, "What on earth were they thinking?" moments. Also, Matt is the sort of guy who needs to `fix' things, which didn't amuse Allison in the least. The fact that Matt, after admitting his background in business, continued to insist she change her way of operating her business, annoyed Allison and me. In her words, "This isn't about business, it's about life. I'm not interested in making more money. It's about having a dream and bringing it to reality." For someone as firmly grounded in this way of thinking as Matt was, I didn't see him changing any time soon. The saving grace here is that Allison has a steel backbone.  A great cast of secondary characters, of which a porker by the name of Miss Sylvie plays a starring role, rounds out this tale of discovery, sacrifice, and the true meaning of love.     