 Morgan, the second in the quadruple-title series from Lori Foster, won't let down Hudson fans. As with Sawyer, the book's cover is a disappointment that doesn't come close to how I see Morgan Hudson, but the story is just  as entertaining as what I've come to expect from Ms. Foster. An  insufferable man, whose middle name should be "Control", Morgan  Hudson is about to learn what it means to be felled by a tiny slip of a  woman, what it means to lose that control.  The woman in question, Misty  Malone, has a lot of things on her mind and getting involved with the local  sheriff is not one of them. She's convinced he can't stand her and that  suits her just fine. Trouble is, that's not how Morgan feels at all and he  has a hard time coming to terms with what he wants and why he wants it.    Misty and Morgan are temperamentally matched - not exactly the ideal for  either to win an argument, and there are plenty of battles between these  two strong-willed characters. The ice-cream cone battle of wills in  Morgan's office is priceless.  I actually gasped with the characters at one  point. But as Misty learns to accept Morgan for who he is, and comes to  love him all the more for it, she also comes to realize that behind the  gruff exterior is a gentle man with bouts of insecurity when it comes to  her. He also seems to have a devil of a time uttering those three little  words.    The showdown between these two, in front of the sheriff's  office [and the whole town], is wrenching and humorous and my heart went  out to Morgan. It's always fun to watch a tough guy struggle with the  realization that he's fallen in love and this tough guy was no exception.   The bigger they are, the harder they fall.    Although this installment  didn't have the same level of humor as the first, the story again features  the entire Hudson brood in kitchen scenes where the easy camaraderie of the  men in the family -- who  tease, torment, defend and protect their siblings  (and spouses)  - are a delight to read. We also are introduced to more of  the town's residents and to Honey and Misty's father.  Each Hudson is  taking on a personality of his own and I'm looking forward to learning more  about Gabe.     