 My apologies to the author for the errors made in the review submitted previously. This review corrects those errors. By the time Id gotten about 100 pages into this book, I knew it was not going to be a lighthearted continuation of the story of Mary and Dan [THE TROUBLE WITH MARY]. Instead, I was finding WHAT TO DO ABOUT ANNIE to be a poignant story that caused my heart to ache for the younger Joe & Annie, unable to share their pain that lived within them for 15 years with any of their family or friends.  Joe Russo, a former priest, had entered the priesthood 15 years prior, in a misguided attempt to atone for his sins. Over the course of the years, he discovered that in order to atone, he had to seek the forgiveness of the woman he never stopped loving but from whom he ran when the going got tough. Annie Goldman loved Joe with all her soul and hasnt gotten over the devastating effect of his defection. She wants to hate him, but she just cant. Having a former priest as hero smacks of reality; of how most of us have good intentions but in our desire to 'do the right thing' and correct our mistake, we make another mistake.  Some men enter priesthood for the 'wrong' reasons. At least Joe realized this, although it took him 15 years to reach that point. In my opinion, Annies anger was well-founded; she had ever reason to still be livid with him. How they work out their problems and re-discover each other and the love that never went away results in a engrossing story that you won't be able to put down. Now---the families . . . Annies mother, Gina, suffers from nothing more than hypochondria brought on by extreme loneliness. But Joes mother, Sophia! I kept hoping for a major maternal epiphany for Sophia, but it was not to be. I detected not one redeeming quality in her. This, however, only reinforced my sympathy for Joe and Annie. I was glad to see Joe and his father, Frank, speak up to Sophia and to do so forcibly. Just too bad it took so long to get to that point. All that said, this is another two-thumbs up book from this author. Not as light-hearted as THE TROUBLE WITH MARY, WHAT TO DO ABOUT ANNIE is just as satisfying a story that will tug on your heartstrings and leave you with a warm feeling at the end. But I would like to know just *what* Annies wedding dress was made of! My only quibble is with the cartoon-y covers. I suppose theyre here to stay for a while, but I wish the publishers would at least get the basics right. I dont believe Annie had long hair until the very end (with extensions) and there was no cat that I remember, but there was a dog.  At the end of the book, theres a sneak peek at THE TRIALS OF ANGELA, coming next year. I was pleased to see the story features my favorite character, Joes Grandma Flora. Tough and outspoken, she takes great delight in putting Sophia firmly in her place.     