 I hadn't planned on buying this book, because my book-buying funds had been seriously depleted and I wasn't that taken with either the dust jacket or the title. But while waiting for a friend at a local bookstore, I began  reading the first few pages. By the time I was 10 pages in I knew I wanted  to finish it, so I forked over my plastic and I'm glad I did.  Frankie  Jordan, screenwriter, has been dumped by her husband, her screenwriting  career is slowing veering south, and her beloved grandmother has taken a  turn for the worse(brought on by the deplorable treatment Grandma receives  from Frankie's father). Most of the book focuses on Frankie's relationship  with her parents, her quest to see her screenplays made into movies, and  her tactics for survival in Hollywood. At times, the story was poignant and  at other times humorous. One humorous scene takes place in the home of  Shepard Blum. I'm not quite sure what Shepard does for a living, but  Frankie had not seen him for some time and thinks perhaps he has called to  ask her to write a TV pilot. She agrees to meet him at his house, but soon  gets her fill of his pretentiousness and wants to get on with dinner.  Shepard, big on presentation, makes a big production of displaying the main  course, a crisp and glistening duck. Unfortunately, in the course of  showing off, Shepard encounters a spot of duck grease on the floor. As he  falls the duck is propelled out of the dish, over Shepard's head and across  the floor like a greased hockey puck. Shepard, on the floor with his  forehead gashed open and blood and duck grease everywhere, is not amused,  but I got a chuckle out of seeing him get his comeuppance.  In places,  the story mires down in heavy descriptive narrative. I wish Ms. Carter   would have focussed more on the character's introspection/thoughts/actions  and less on describing settings down to the minutest detail. And I agree  with the New York Time's Book Review's  assessment that there are too many  Yiddishisms of the sort "you might expect from early vaudeville."  I started to skip over them as they began to distract me from the story.   I liked the way the author ended the story as I felt my sympathy for  Frankie was well-placed. I was left with no doubt in my mind that she would  go on to be successful in her own right. But, better than, that, she would  go on to be a better human being as a result of the decisions she'd  made. I would definitely read a second book by Ms. Carter.     