 With "Jordan," Lori Foster pens a fitting finish to what has been a great summer series featuring 4 brothers from Buckhorn County  and  the women who win their hearts.  Jordan Sommerville, the area vet, is a  man on a mission, the night he walks into the bar, bent on talking the  owner into being more responsible with dispensing liquor. Before he gets  the chance to speak one word to the owner, his attention and mission take a  side-road as the floor show starts and Jordan finds himself staring at the  woman who will be his wife. He just doesn't know it yet. At the moment, all  he can think is that he's seen bathing suits that covered more than the  scraps of cloth the exotic dancer on stage wore.  Georgia Barnes, 23 and  mom to two, uses her dancing skills to earn money to support her children  and her mother. The skimpy outfits the bar owner demands she wear mortifies  her but does add money in tips to feed and clothe her children and pay for  repairs on the house. And she doesn't take too kindly to Jordan barging in  and basically taking over her life and quite possibly getting her place of  employment shut down.  In this, the last of the Buckhorn Brothers series,  Ms. Foster's trademark wit, knack for dialogue and sizzling sexual tension  are clearly evident in this story that spotlights the last bachelor and  brings in the whole extended family one last time. Once again, we are  invited to look on as the four brothers clown around, pick on Jordan  unmercifully but are there with the degree of love and support that has  been evident throughout the whole series. And anyone with children, who  knows how the little ones love to mimic what they hear their parents say,  will laugh at the antics of Amber, her dad (Morgan) and her uncle Sawyer as  she parrots a few choice words, much to the men's dismay. If you have not  had the chance to read "Sawyer", "Morgan",  "Gabe" or "Jordan," you're missing some terrific  reading. Fortunately, they are still available, so pack them in your bag to  take on vacation.  And thanks, Lori, for giving me a summer of wonderful  men.     