 Sunny Chandler needs to breathe on her own. Left alone by a boating accident that claimed the lives of her parents, she has been raised by her Chicago upper-crust grandparents, groomed (in the process) to take over the prestigious family business. She's spent her life trying to live up to her grandparent's expectations, always reminding herself of the enormous debt she owes them. Yet when it comes time for her take over the reins, she balks, wanting to take some time for herself first, time to breathe on her own. To live a little on her own. She makes a break for it. Literally. Jumping out of the limo (when it becomes apparent that her grandfather has no intention of letting her have some time off.) and running into D'Angelos, a family-run restaurant which, as luck would have it, is in need of a waitress.   Nick D'Angelo has no use for a socialite with no idea of what's needed to wait tables in his restaurant, nor does he have time to train her. But something about the gutsy lady causes him to agree to a probation period. Determined to succeed on her own, Sunny gives it all she has--aided and abetted by Nick's family, most notably Nick's grandmother. Things heat up-and I don't mean just in the kitchen--when Sunny and Nick can no longer deny the attraction between them. But what will happen when Sunny's time is up and it's time for her to take over the family business? How will they be able to reconcile the wide gulf separating their lifestyles and worlds?  Throw in a large and noisy group of D'Angelo relatives (all bent on getting and keeping these two together) and you have a recipe for one hot, steamy love story guaranteed to leave you fanning yourself. The hero/heroine pairing is one of the best I've read. Nothing condescending about either, both treating the other with respect and support.  I'd never read a Donna Kauffman book and I realize now that I've probably missed out on some really great stories. Fortunately, most of her backlist is still available. And I can't help but hold out hope for Joey D'Angelo's story. Baby of the family and a real live wire!     