 In order for this book to work, one needs to buy into the theory that infidelity is inherited.  Inherited, not learned. And because Marc Jamison voices this impossible belief over and over again in the course of the book is the overriding reason this book didn't work for me.  Yes, his father had strayed once (but together Marc's parents worked together to mend the rift, going on to stay together 35 years) and yes, his brother Eric had strayed more than once during his marriage to Brooke, and yes, Marc had a one-night stand eight years previously (!) while he was dating another woman. These are character flaws, not genetic abnormalities. Learned behavior can be un-learned.  Brooke, now divorced from Eric, and Marc find themselves stranded during a blizzard in a fully-stocked cabin belonging to strangers. Faced now with their admissions that each hotly desires the other, they decide to have a wild fling for however many days it takes for the blizzard to subside. Not strings. No ties. Each gets to play out their deepest fantasy with the other (except since neither had condoms, *that* particular part of the fantasy was ruled out)  on the condition that once they leave the cabin, they go their separate ways. At this point, I still didn't feel like reaching out and smacking Marc, but this was about to change.  Marc gets Brooke to bare more than just her body as she confides in him things she's never told anyone else. Marc, on the other hand, is content to  clam up and let things play out one-sided, even going to far as to deny himself the pleasure of having Brooke perform the ultimate pleasure on him. He convinces himself it has to be this way, because well--he's missing the `commitment gene.'  Brooke, on the other hand, has no idea what's going on inside his head.   Things get hot and heavy, and during a foray into the cabin owner's medicine cabinet, Brooke stumbles across a condom. One. Which she put aside for just right  moment and it was after this moment, when Marc's internal musings lead him to tell himself that these sweet memories would haunt him the rest of his long and loney life is when I wanted to reach out , smack him and tell him to smarten up. In the end, he does smarten up, but by then I'd had enough of his "Woe is me" attitude and no longer cared.     