 "You are making a mess of my heart." So says Lucien, Duke of Blackheath, to the woman who is his equal in more ways than one, Eva de la Mourire. It could also be a line in a message from me to the author, as Ms. Harmon brings the de Monteforte series to an extraordinary close in THE WICKED ONE. Lucien is certainly wicked, all right, and in one of the most sizzling love scenes I've ever read, I discover not only the sexy side to the duke's wickedness, but find myself privy to events that will shape the lives of all involved forever. Don't look for humor because this tale takes a deeper look into Lucien's psyche and the events that stole his childhood and shaped him into a formidable force to be reckoned with. The author has gotten into his head perfectly, into the whys and wherefores behind what he's done as head of the family, the burden he's had, how he honestly thought he did the right thing. While I found that I did not agree with his methods of seeing to the welfare of this siblings and Eva, after reading his story I now understand the motives. However, good intentions have a way of coming back to haunt us and in Lucien's last machinations, he finds this out the hard way, for underneath his cool facade is man who can't bear to think his little sister or his wife may hate him forever. In one particular scene, his sister, Nerissa, takes out her full fury on him and while I felt she had every reason to say the things she did, reading his inner reaction to her statements brought me to tears.  The only thing I felt the story needed was for Luciens' siblings to understand fully the whys of his actions. So they, like the reader, would have a clear understanding of the man behind the dukedom. My hope is that Eva will gather the clan, sit them down and tell them The Real Story behind the THE WICKED ONE.  I waited a long time for Lucien's story and Ms. Harmon did not disappoint me. Lucien has always been my favorite de Montforte. Despite his autocratic and dictatorial nature, he still has feelings and in THE WICKED ONE his feelings are exposed, mangled and restored. While I hated to see this series end, end it did. Not with a whimper, but with a bang.     