 Now, this isn't to say that Jack Stillman, hero of Stephanie Bond's "It Takes A Rebel" isn't an appealing character. He is. As Ms.  Bond puts it,  Jack is 'clodhopping  his way through life' reveling in past  athletic glories and having business opportunities handed to him on a  silver platter because of those athletic feats. Until --- he comes up  against Alexandra Tremont.   Part of the Tremont department store  'empire', Alex strives for her father's love and attention, while Mr.  Tremont prefers to lavish attention on Alex's fianc, Heath, and Jack  Stillman, whose advertising firm (which is owned by Jack's brother, Derek,  with Jack dropping in once in a while) is in the running for a lucrative  new account for Tremont's store. Jack doesn't exactly get off to a stellar  start with Alex on her first visit to the agency's office. He decides to  fall back on his well-documented charm, with Alex fighting him all the way.  Lots of fireworks and heated encounters ensue, with an especially steamy  scene at the store as Jack models a thong, as Jack does his level best to  convince Alex and her father to go with the Stillman agency for the  account. Al Tremont wants immediate blanket approval but agrees to consider  Alex's opinion after giving Jack a two-week trial run. Oh, and in addition,  Al wants Jack (or 'Jack the Attack', as he was know in his college football  days) to be the spokesmodel for the store.  I have to say that Jack's  attitude toward Alex at times left me wishing she'd been a bit more  outspoken against some of the things he did and said. And for Alex, I  didn't agree with her repeated "make love to me, Jack/oh now I feel  like slime for what I did to Heath" attitude. In my opinion, the first  time should have been categorically the last time or she should have come  clean with Heath immediately and returned the engagement ring. I didn't  like the 'feel' of her having sex with Jack while wearing the ring of  another man. Twice.  In the end, all in resolved: Al Tremont admits that  he loves his daughter deeply (just didn't show it enough) and makes her  President of the company, Stillman Agency gets the account, Heath resigns  and takes a great job in Cincinnati and of course, Jack gets Alex.  I'm a  big fan of Ms. Bond and though I had trouble with a few elements in  "It Takes a Rebel", it definitely won't prevent me from picking  up her next releases. Look for Ms. Bond's single title from St. Martin's -  "Our Husband" - coming in November 2000. I had the privilege of  receiving an advance reading copy of this book, and anyone who passes it by  will be missing out on one of the truly great books of this year. Pre-order  this book as soon as possible.     