 I have to say right up front that this book is the first I've ever read that is written in see-saw POVs, one being that of some off-screen 'all-seeing' narrator who is bent on giving us all these insider views into what different people are really thinking. It makes for a jerky reading experience. The moment you're into a scene, all of sudden you're jerked out and into the mind of the narrator. I found it annoying and will go to lengths not to attempt another book written in this manner.  This book had the potential to make a statement about the way some women handle how they are viewed in society today. In my opinion, it failed. Jemima Jones is overweight and not happy. Men just don't respond to her the way they do other (read: thin) women.  In an effort to escape her unhappiness, she turns to her newly acquired Internet knowledge and immediately gets involved in a chat room, with a participant named Brad, from California while pining for fellow co-worker, Ben, who sees Jemima as a friend, but little more. Add to this mix a mother obsessed with thinness, two roommates, who-quite frankly-are twits and a female co-worker, Geraldine, whose shallowness is somewhat redeemed later in the story when she takes Jemima under her wing (although I had to wonder just what her motivation was). As Jemima becomes more cyber-involved with Brad, she finds her weight dropping. When he asks for her photo, she sends him a digitally altered version. He's overjoyed. She's beautiful!! Thus begins Jemima's sojourn into shallowness and where the book fails women. You see, Brad now wants to meet this stunning goddess, and she decides to fly to L.A. to meet him. Serious doubts about her sanity for doing this aside, I'm deeply disappointed that the author plunged Jemima into a dangerous weight loss routine for all the wrong reasons. One would think that after reading the chilling stories of eating disorders, the author would have at least played up the main reason for which people should lose excess weight - - health.  One should NOT view losing weight as a way to gain acceptance and true love. Yes, we are a planet obsessed with weight and how it equates (illogically) to beauty. I wish the author would have taken this book and used it as a way to blow these equations sky high.... At the very end of the book...Jemima decides to...not obsess as much with her weight. [Unfortunately, it is] too little, too late - and for all the wrong reasons.     