 I have to wonder what goes through editor's heads when they slap a title  like Hotbed Honey onto a book, at least a book that has nothing to do with  beekeeping and garden horticulture, but I'd heard enough good buzz about  the book to know I should not judge it by the title. Max Tate and  Kimberly Brandt are quite a pair,  a pair with a history that didn't have a  happy ending. The two had worked together previously as private  investigators and had developed a red-hot relationship "off the  job." Things seemed to be going well until for some inexplicable  reason, Kim blew their cover on a job, resulting in both of them losing  their jobs. Rather than allowing her to give her side of the story, Max  severed all ties and neither had seen the other for three years, until fate  threw them together once more - again working together as P.I.s Max finds  Kim to have changed, toughened up, but still won't cut her any slack as far  as the previous disaster. A couple of times, I wanted to reach out and  smack him for the hurt he was causing her by his snide remarks and his  callous, cold manner. From the beginning, the author depicted Kim as one  smart lady, one who would not simply 'walk off a job' without an excellent  reason. I found a lump in my throat at several points in the story when I  could 'feel' her hurt that Max didn't care enough to ask her for her side  of what happened. They put their past and present feelings aside and manage  to work together in harmony as a married couple to catch the suspected  jewel thief, until Max realizes that old love doesn't die, but simmers on  the back burner. I'll admit I was glad to see him suffer suitably. ::: grin  :::  What transpires is a clever, hot & harrowing resolution to all  their problems, including Kim's side of the botched job, that will leave  you breathlessly satisfied. I liked the book so much I've hunted up Ms.  Blake's back list and look forward to her future releases. This author is  definitely one to watch.     