 Lauren Remington and Max Wilde couldn't be more opposite if they tried. She's a Palm Beach socialite (twice married and divorced) with a car and driver. He's a tattooed, goateed, bike riding caterer from the `other' side of town. They existed in worlds so different only an event of cataclysmic proportions could bring them together. The event? The untimely death of Henri, purveyor of haute cuisine. This definitely puts a kink in Lauren's wedding planner business, especially since it's now only a couple of days until her friend's wedding.  After a rather discouraging look through the Yellow Pages, Lauren reluctantly calls Born to Be Wild Catering. Let's just say Max isn't wild about catering this wedding anymore than Lauren is wild about hiring him. They do manage to come to an agreement and disaster is averted. For now. As readers will discover, disaster for these two lurks around every corner. Lauren has her hands full fending off her snooty mother and an even snootier acquaintance-who-wants-to-be-so-much-more. Max is foster father to a brother and sister, runs a program where kids can hang out, get help, and stay out of trouble, and is desperately looking for his own sister, separated from him when they were very young.  This is one of the best books I've ever read. The characters are multi-faceted, likeable and sympathetic. Max is a hero to die for. His dedication to improving the lives of children had me laughing at times, crying at other times, his vow to give Lauren all the love she's never had melted my heart.  Lauren's determination to make something of herself, to succeed at something useful, to find true love, had me cheering her on every step of the way.  Their rocky road to love is believable, romantic, heartwarming, and shows us that through love all things are possible. This is the first book I've read by Patti Berg. Half-way through I went out and bought up as much of her back list as I could. She's now on my auto-buy list and I can't wait to read Charity Wilde's story coming up in the future. This book is a six-star read.     