 I'm jealous! This guy has a house at the beach!  Logan Montgomery- public defender and son of a prominent judge, could be the poster boy for  Sinatra's "I Did It My Way."  Shunning the family mansion for an  uncluttered beach cabin, a lucrative position with a prestigious Boston law  firm for a public defender's job, the glamour of the bright lights  political public office for the simple life. Catherine Logan - 1/2 owner  of Pot Luck (w/sister Kayla from "Simply Sinful"). Remember Cat?  She's the one who turned into a virtual hellcat, with the fangs and claws,  if anyone so much as looked cross-eyed at her sister. Given what I'd read  of Cat previously, her tamed portrayal in "Simply Scandalous"  came as a big surprise. But then, one could attribute it to the power of  love.   Catherine is nothing like the glamour woman people would expect  on the arm of Logan Montgomery and perhaps that is her appeal to him. Cat  knows she doesn't walk the same social plane as Logan and his family and  holds no illusions that, despite Logan's assurances to the contrary, she  and him would ever have a future together. He sets out to convince her  otherwise, and Cat finds herself falling in love with him. A confrontation  with the press at the worst possible time, in the worst possible place,  threatens to undermine all that Logan has accomplished in his quest to win  Cat's heart, not the least of which is finally standing up to his  overbearing, self-centered father. Unfortunately, we are not given a chance  to learn much about Logan's mother, only that in the end she helped smooth  things over.  The one thing that didn't ring true for me was that Logan's  granny prided herself on how well she'd taught her grandson, taking on the  role of parent when his mother and father couldn't be bothered. But it  bothered me that she thought nothing of conniving to use an innocent woman  in a plot of scandal to discredit Logan in the eyes of his father and  others who wanted him to run for public office. All of her  'cuteness'  aside, I found myself disliking Granny less and less as the story went on.  I would much have preferred her to take a less unpalatable path for her  grandson's 'scandal.'  Overall, though, "Simply Scandalous"  does not disappoint. I do suggest reading the sisters' stories  back-to-back, however. Much of their family background is explained in  "Simply Sinful."     