 "Heat Waves," the latest entry into Harlequin Blaze's series, Sexy City Nights, continues what are (in my opinion) the best of the Blaze line.  In this case, it's not so much the sex that's hot, it's the sensual tension and mind games between an investment firm CEO, Ian Carlisle, and an late-night talk show host, Erica McCree, that heat up the pages. "Heat Waves" proves that love scenes can scorch the page and not leave the reader uncomfortable for reading them.  Chicago DJ, Erica McCree, burned up the after-hours airwaves with Chicago's most titillating talk show, Heat Waves. But while she talked a good game, a previous marriage had not only left her wary of surrendering her independence again but with little firsthand sensual knowledge to back up her on-air assertions. Until Ian Carlisle arrived on the scene.  Initially only a voice in the night, Ian quickly became aware of the chemistry that sizzled between them when he called in nightly to spar with Erica over whatever topic she'd chosen for the evening.  Erica and her listeners picked up on it, too, and ratings soared.  Since the station had been put on the sale block, everyone wanted to keep the ratings high to attract a buyer, so when Ian proposes they meet in person, Erica's producer seconds the arrangement, resulting in a radio campaign of sexy city nights. With Ian's help, patience and ability to arouse her to new heights, Erica comes to learn not only more about her own sexuality but that not all men are like her ex-husband.  They say the mind is the biggest erogenous zone and Ian proves it to Erica over and over as he gives a whole new meaning to `mind sex.' One of the biggest tests for me in deciding whether I like a book is if I would want to sit down and have dinner with the hero and heroine. "Heat Waves" rates a definite yes.  While some readers may think Ian a bit too perfect, I was willing to cut him some slack as he hadn't had a smooth road in life. He knew he was lucky to be in the position he was in and only wanted to help others as he himself had been helped.  "Heat Waves" is an enjoyable, well-scripted story with characters you can't help but like and provocative love scenes that are best read with a cold drink at hand.     