 Take one message therapist (who works a 2nd job to put her brother through college) and one injured detective (who's a bit less injured than he lets on), add the detective's good-intentioned, matchmaking sister and you've got the recipe for a summer of steamy loving.  Jake Lowell had been seriously injured in a drug deal gone bad that also took the life of his partner and friend. The department says he doesn't return until he's fully rehabilitated, but unbeknownst to his sister, Jake's been working hard getting back into shape. He just doesn't want the higher-ups to know yet. He has a plan and he can't execute it if he's back on the job.  Brianne Nelson is working two jobs for money to help her brother through school. By day, she's a physical therapist. By night, a waitress at a sidewalk caf. The very same caf Jake and sister, Rina, frequent regularly. The looks Jake gives Brianne don't go unnoticed by Rina and when she learns what the pretty young woman does during the day, Rina hatches a scheme that gets the two of them together.    Brianne's intent on getting Jake back into shape, but all Jake can think about is getting Brianne into the whirlpool and all the fun they could have. To Brianne, Jake is all that's erotic and arousing, but with it comes the insecurity and uncertainty of a man dedicated to the law. Brianne evoked in Jake a warm feeling he hadn't felt in a long time, but he knew she, like his ex-wife before, didn't want to give her heart to a man who might not come back for supper. But for the summer, they'd revel in each other, take each other to new heights of ecstasy.  Their plans, however, take a dark detour when the drug dealer who injured Jake and killed his partner starts stalking Brianne. Will Jake be able to intervene in time to save the woman he's come to love? BODY HEAT lives up to the Blaze name with blazing hot love scenes between two impassioned characters. A masterful blend of emotion, good plotting and a good supporting cast, including a Sharpei named Norton, make for a standout story.     