 I have awaited this second season set (as the first season) for years. The quality of the prints are great with the well known exception of "Monkees In Paris" which was supposedly filmed in 16mm. The commentary is nice with the exception of Micky's contributions. It seems he does a lot of tearing apart, even the episode he directed "The Frodis Caper"! His commentary to "33 1/3 Revolutions Per Monkee" (here in the correct running order unlike the way it was originally broadcast) is so trashing I wonder why RHINO even let it remain. I know good and well the special does take some getting used to for the non-Monkees fan, but for it's day, in my opinion, was a break-through in television. Brian Auger's commentary is great! I was quite surprised he remembered so much! Now, like the title of my review, I feel there could have been more added. The bonus footage from "The Glen Campbell Show" shows the 2 more obscure comedy clips from that show but doesn't include their "live" medley, The "Tear Drop City" lip-sync "video" or the fabulous history musical skit. I wonder why they didn't press to get the Kool- Aid Commercials on this set also.  Seeing in most cases, this set is a bit more expensive, with less episodes, I feel there could have been a bit more. Funny that Michael even mentions their reunion episode but wouldn't let Rhino include it. That would have made it come full circle. I have rated it 5 stars on the content and it's quality. If I was rating on how much effort was put into this project compared to the 1st season box set, I guess I would take a star away. The Packaging is as great as the 1st season with the psuedo 45 picture sleeves! I know most complain that the discs slide out but I never had that problem with the 1st box set.  Being a fan of "Star Trek" as well, I wished Paramont would put those episodes out in a set because at the average $17.99 per disc with 79 episodes plus the unaired pilot and 2 on each of all 40 disc's, it's roughly $720.00 minus local tax. That's neither hear nor there but I guess it does illustrate the great value of both of these sets! Cheers to RHINO at keeping the costs at a minimum! I guess what I'm trying to say is, "I'm A Believer"!     