 THIS ONE HAS MY VOTE FOR THE GREATEST ALBUM EVER RECORDED and I don't say that lightly. I own approximately 2000 CDs, mostly in the progressive metal vein and I can tell you definitively that nothing else out there even comes close to the melodic metal splendor of this modern masterpiece. Ocean Machine, the brainchild of Devin Towsend (Vai, Front Line Assembly, Strapping Young Lad, Punky Brewster, Physicist), is easily the defining moment of this musical genius's career.  With the possible exception of the Vai project, on which Towsend provided only vocals, I have enjoyed every project he has released in his amazingly brief career, but Ocean Machine dwarfs all others with it's sheer melodic bliss and the astounding emotion invoked by every song. Backed by the phenomenal rhythms of JR Harder on bass and Marty Chapman on drums, Townsend delivers an unbelievably addictive wall of thundering guitar with an epic, yet extremely melodic sound. God-like choruses and phenomal lead vocals from Townsend only round out the musical splendor of this beyond-phenomenal release. While not officially a concept album, a few of the songs from Biomech can be interpreted in such a way as to weave a rather interesting apocolyptic tale that serves equally as a warning and lesson for mankind.  Ocean Machine is, by far, Townsend's tour-de-force effort and if you are a fan of loud, unrelenting fretboard magic without the high-speed antics of the Yngwies of the world, I guarantee this release will leave you breathless and dying for more. It's that powerful!! From the poetic opening of "Seventh Wave" to the comparatively low-key lunatic rantings of "The Death of Music," Biomech is loaded to the gills with raw emotion, thought provoking lyrics, and some of the most powerfully emotional music ever comitted to tape.  "Life" and "Funeral" are just a few examples of Townsend simply pouring his soul out in the form of music that just envolops you in its spell.  Treats along the way also include "Hide Nowhere" and the otherwordly "Greetings," which segues into the roaring "Regulator." Words can't describe the emotion that this album embodies through and through.  Devin truly gives birth to each song and gives it a life of its own.  I've made a Devin fan of many friends with similar musical tastes and I have yet to experience anyone who has not been utterly amazed.  If you are a fan of progressive metal, power metal, or are just looking for something totally out of the ordinary that will rock your world, THIS IS THE ALBUM TO PICK UP!! This is a 5+++ all around.     