 Bob Mayer (AKA Robert Doherty AKA Greg Donegan AKA Joe Dalton AKA Bob McGuire) is truly one of the more masterful newcomers to the sci-fi genre in many, many years.  Intermingling sci-fi with edgy military techo-thriller action, Mayer weaves some of the most enjoyable and imaginative fiction I've ever read with each novel.  I look forward to every book he writes and have yet to be disappointed.  The Area 51 series has been one of the most exciting I've ever read and just when I thought it couldn't get any better, along came the Atlantis series, which is equally as good, if not better. With the Atlantis series, Mayer weaves a story of how the deadly elements of what was once thought to be ancient mythology collide with our modern militarized world, bringing to bear a frighteningly realistic, gruesome battle for world domination.  A centuries-old war being fought between interdimensional foes has resurfaced in three of the Earth's most mysterious regions.  A ship missing since WWII and a covert group of soldiers missing since the Vietnam War, both of which vanished in such regions, suddenly re-emerge from them as though not a day has passed.  Only one man has been successful at returning from any of these mystical regions alive and after learning what really happened to Atlantis, he may be the only man who can save the world from a similar fate at the hands of the most deadly evil that has ever threatened it. The Atlantis series is truly some of the most inspired and imaginative fiction in recent history and masterfully mixes the sci-fi genre with modern age fiction, providing enough action to keep fans of even Tom Clancy glued.  Mayer has truly authored some of the best page-turners in recent history. If you are intriqued by the Atlantis series, be sure not to miss his Area 51 series (under the Doherty pen name) and his military thrillers such as The Omega Missile, (Dalton pen name), The Gate (McGuire pen name) and Psychic Warrior (Doherty pen name).  All are well worth picking up and will keep you enthralled from start to finish!     