 All I can say from first listen to Threshold's Subsurface is that these guys have mastered the formulaic sound that's going to bring them from the subsurface to the mainstream of progressive metal powerhouse bands to be reckoned with!! Having wisely released a full mp3 of the album-opening epic "Mission Profile" (available for download at their website - http://www.thresh.net ) shortly before the 8/3 release of the album, they opened quite a few eyes to those unfamiliar with the band and provided somewhat of a preview of what to expect from the album. Upon listening to the whole thing, many of the themes carry throughout. There is definitely a heavier emphasis on harmonized vocals than on previous albums, heavy riffs so tasty they melt in your mouth, and lyrically, a thought-provoking, yet generally scathingly pessimistic view of the deterioration of society in general, the promulgation of freedom globally and starting problems "we can never end."   Bassist Steve Anderson, introduced as the hired gun for a burnt-out John Jeary on the Critical Energy DVD, has become the latest permanent member of the band with this album, adding creed to the phenomenal drumming of Johanne James, one of the most underrated drummers on the prog scene. The dual guitar assault of Karl Groom and Nick Midson sound as stunningly riffilicious as ever as do the majestic keyboards of Richard West and Andrew "Mac" MacDermott majestically furthers his reputation as one of the most melodic and recognizable voices in modern prog.   I highly recommend the special edition, which is loaded with extras for Thresh-heads. It includes the phenomenal Johanne James-penned bonus track "What About Me" as well as PC multimedia extras which include a video for the first single, "Pressure," and a link to a special section of their website where you can download the radio edit of "Pressure" as well as checking out pictures from the video shoot and the equipment each member used to make the album.   Musically, this is easily their best album since Hypothetical, which is my personal favorite and highly recommended for those who want to hear their more "balls & chunk" oriented material. While Subsurface is definitely heavier overall than their last studio album, Critical Mass, they don't quite reach the overall heaviness and groove of Hypothetical, but as mentioned previously, they have a heavier emphasis on vocal harmonization than on any other album and believe me, there are enough stellar riffs throughout to satisfy the metalhead in any listener, especially on "Mission Profile," "The Art of Reason," "Pressure," and "Opium."   While the band has not radically changed their musical style very much since the addition of Mac on vocals with the Clone album, they certainly have their own unique individual style and they've continued to tweak the elements that they do best (harmony and hooks) with every subsequent album and that perfection truly shines throughout this album. Subsurface is already easily among my top two picks for 2004. Whether new to the band or a longtime Thresh-head, this album is an absolute must have if you're seeking a band that persistently furthers its reputation as one of the top melodic prog metal bands on the planet. If you find yourself hooked, spread the word. These guys are one of the best kept secrets on the modern prog scene and more than deserve to be discovered by a wider audience!!      