 WOW!  All I can say is I was absolutely floored by this album and that hasn't happened to me since my first listen to Dream Theater's Images & Words album several years back!  This album actually gave me chills, it's  so phenomenal. With a sound like this, I can assure you that this band will  not remain unsigned for very long. "Brilliant Pools of Darkness"  is easily the best prog album of 1999 (and possibly this decade) in my  book. Combining the melodic elements of Dream Theater with the atmospheric  sound of Ocean Machine and spicing it with just enough of a thrash element  to not deter from the prog structure, Chiaroscuro have woven an absolute  masterpiece that have thrust them into the progressive music scene as a  force to be reckoned with. These guys are the "next big thing" in  prog if I've ever heard it, finally proving that there is a band out there  truly worthy of comparison to the modern progressive juggernaut that is  Dream Theater. Ian Dorsch is one of the most phenomenal vocalists I have  ever heard. I would describe his vocal stylings as a perfect hybrid of  Geoff Tate and James LaBrie. Dorsch delivers one of the most mind-blowing  vocal performances in recent history throughout this album and even during  his best moments, comes off much of the time as though he isn't really even  trying that hard. Musically, Chiaroscuro follow the classic Dream Theater  style, ranging from shred to melodic, dreamy, mid-tempo ballads. The main  difference is a slightly heavier infusion of the thrash element on some  songs and much more of an atmospheric keyboard element on others. I have to  include that the bass playing on this album is pretty fantastic and really  keeps the groove of each song alive. The instrumental portion in the middle  of album opener "Broken Everything" immediately brought to mind  the melodic splendor of Ocean Machine, while "Crucifixion" is  sure to appease fans of both thrash and melody alike. Other album  highlights include the hypnotic "Divinity," a highly atmospheric  track that truly showcases the amazing vocal talents of Dorsch, and  "Waiting," which begins with furious thrash and transforms into a  melodic Dream Theater-esque ballad along the lines of "Lifting Shadows  Off A Dream." "No Need" and "Children's Crusade"  are also prime examples of the band's talent for melodically setting a  surreal mood for a song. The single negative thing that I could possibly  come up with in regard to this album is that the production quality is not  that great and the drums sound quite dull for much of the album, but this  is understandable. Being self-financed and self-produced, the quality is  actually better than I would have expected, but I would certainly love to  see these guys get signed and re-record this album with a higher budget.  This album is a 5+++ all around. If there were a higher rating, I'd give  it. If you're a fan of progressive metal and love Dream Theater, your  collection is forever incomplete without this phenomenal masterpiece.     