 Finally! It is absolutely wonderful to finally have an entire season of this awesome show on DVD to be able to watch anytime. All accounts indicate this release of "The Pretender" on DVD is the best yet. The French fans got Season 1 with no special features...this edition has multiple commentaries and featurettes!! Not that you would need any bonus features to fully appreciate what great value you are getting with this package because all by itself it is good enough! Actors Michael T. Weiss, Andrea Parker, Jon Gries and Patrick Bachau shine in Season 1 of The Pretender.  Michael T. Weiss as Jarod is the perfect genius who is on the run, but still manages to find time to help others. Michael's dramatic range is on full display as he slips into a new role for each episode. He's definitely "The Pretender."  Andrea Parker (Less than Perfect/ABC) as Miss Parker is perfect as the head of the team who leads the chase for the genius, Jarod. She is explosive, unapologetic, beautiful and dangerous. And yet, you don't know the half of her! You will fall in love with Andrea's smouldering portrayal of Miss Parker.  Patrick Bachau as Sydney and Jon Gries as Broots add the perfect elements to balance the tension and drama that surround the chase for Jarod, even as the secrets to the Centre's past unfold in every episode.  The Pretender is one of the best series to ever premiere on NBC. If you have never seen it, now is your chance to own it and you will never regret it as you get drawn into the fascinating plot lines and learn more about the characters as the first season unfolds.  The S1 season set is almost as perfect as Jarod the Pretender! The set contains all 21 episodes from the first season (Pilot included), two commentaries and a 3-part 'making of' featurette. The making-of featurette is short but still entertaining and insightful with comments by Michael T. Weiss (Jarod), Patrick Bachau (Sydney), Jon Gries (Broots) and the series' creators Steven Long Mitchell and Craig W. Van Sickle. Sadly comments by Andrea Parker are missing. The two episode commentaries include one for the pilot and one for the season finale. How apropos and delightful! This is the kind of DVD special feature that makes me rub my hands in glee!  The episodes are all subtitled (English and Spanish) and closed-captioned, which I appreciate very much, and include English, French and Spanish audio! Also included in the DVD set are 5 original TV spots...very cool!! When they watch these, newbie fans will finally understand why Fox used that strange but familiar "who are you" music on the website for the Pretender S1 DVD! Artwork/galleries were excluded from this DVD set, but Fox did try its best to make up for that on the website. Perhaps they are being saved for future releases.  In terms of the presentation of the DVD set, there are some things I would change/add: 1) A 'play all' option for each disc/side (it boggles the mind that this was not included!) 2) It would have been nice to have the 'making-of' featurette on a single disc side instead of spread over three sides 3) Some kind of booklet/insert, even if it is single sheet but I suppose it was a cost-cutting strategy 4) Some behind-the-scenes clips (I hope they will be included in future releases) Despite these minor shortcomings, this is a TV on DVD set that surpasses all expectations for TV on DVD releases, and will be a treasure to own for anyone who appreciates good television. If you have not had the pleasure of watching this show yet, you are missing out! Now I'm just waiting for the rest of the seasons and the two movies on DVD; and a third movie or a miniseries to wrap up all the storylines! For those who think having the episodes on double-sided discs is a shortcoming, I consider it a blessing because it kept the shipping cost down and I am sure it kept down other costs too. Besides which, there are many other DVD releases that come on double-sided discs, such as The Lord of the Rings. You just have to be a little more careful than with single-sided discs.     