 Charmbracelet is a truly contemporary album, swinging with the times. It is a hit-maker in its own unique way and proves to the music world that Mariah Carey always had it and always will. Not that she needed to prove anything, but if she did, she could do not better than the soulful, artistic, party-in-a-jewel-case that is Charmbracelet.  Charmbracelet has a perfect mix of hip, 'happening' songs and slow groove ballads. This is definitely a more mature  album, chronicling emotional and personal growth with a hint of humour and a heartwarming touch blended into sleek sounds and catchy rhythms. This album perfectly showcases Mariah's lyrical expertise and musical genius. The first release of Mariah's charming album is beautiful and poignant, a testament to Mariah's newfound self-awareness. With a voice that is both vulnerable and powerful, Mariah glides over the lyrics and rhythm of the song in that eternally expressive soulful, soul-searching manner. 'Through the rain' is an anthem of hope for all who choose to carry its torch. It is a gentle reminder of less-joyful times and a poignantly soothing love song to inner strength. It is destined to be a favorite among all who appreciate uplifting music and a surefire hit among MC's fans. 'Boy' is the signature upbeat track that has MC going a little raw and uncut as she's not been since Glitter's Loverboy. It is a perfect dance track.  'The One' is simply smooth and silky. This one has a groovy feel that is contemporary and hip. Mariah's vocals are impressive especially her succinct delivery of such mouthfuls of rhyme in each line. 'Yours' is precious - a beautiful anthem to true love. Crooning and coaxing, Mariah's vocal delivery in this song perfectly matches the mood of seduction created in the lyrics. Together they cast a spell. This one certainly has hit written all over it. 'You Got Me' is a unique song, a crossover in styles, lyrically strong with impressive vocals and an awesome rhythm. Another great dance number.  'I only wanted' is haunting and surreal with a mesmerizing beat and sound. I only wanted to hear this one over and over, this could easily be a sentimental favorite. Its graceful melody is utterly appealing. You can't help swaying to the beat and singing your heart out as Mariah's voice compels and captivates you with her charms on this song. 'Clown' is a catchy, humorous, lighthearted tune with slick rap-style rhythms emanating. A perfect display of Mariah's well-placed sense of comic timing. Mariah wows with her vocal delivery in this one. Pow! 'My Saving Grace' is a beautiful inspirational ballad, lyrically impressive, with simply elegant phrasing and heart-rending vocals. A perfect beginning flows into the wholesome, soulful body that is serenely spiritual and poignant. 'You had your chance' is a great song, lyrically smooth, vocally perfect. From it's rhythmic beginning to the soulful bridge and thereafter, this is an expedition of sound that was made for dancing.  'Lullaby' is vocal ecstasy, lush-sounding and irresistibly infectious. A truly memorable song. 'Irresistible' is one of those happening songs that draws you into its rhythm with an effortlessness that is admirable even for Mariah, who is well-known for capturing catchy rhythms. 'Subtle Invitation' has soaring vocals showing off Mariah's vocal supremacy, while the music is a scintillating blend of styles. Sitting pretty is MC's darling, soulful version of Def Leppard's 'Bringin' on the heartbreak'. This one will cause you to sing along and belt it out with Mariah. It must be because I heard Mariah's version first that I prefer it to the original, or maybe it's because I am not a DL fan. I think MC's version does more credit to the beautiful lyrics and her voice is awesomely complemented by the musical arrangements for this cover version. DL's version has the typical guitar riffs of a rock song but not much more to recommend it, because compared to MC's expressive voice they cannot even come close to matching that kind of splendour so even though they sound alright they do no more. The music is what rescued them but with MC, she rescues the music to a higher plane of ecstasy and proves once again that she can sing anything and sound good doing it. 'Sunflowers' is a moving tribute, a perfect elegy. Mariah's vocal delivery is touchingly heartrending and beautiful.   The 'Through the rain remix' delivers in the tradition of all Mariah Carey remixes: It is a perfect revistation of the song. You are treated to a delightful re-exploration with additional lyrics and always good vibrations. Charmbracelet is a perfect album and sure to be a favorite among all music fans.     