 Getting this starter set is a no-brainer. Why? Because it includes a coupon that allows you to save $10 off the first season set which you will inevitably do after watching the first two episodes included in the starter set! Therefore the $10 off will cancel out the cost of the starter set so it's like a freebie. But it's not all about money. This is quality television at its absolute best. Jarod is a Pretender and he uses his special skills to help people while avoiding the Centre. The story of his past and his ties with the Centre unravel with each new episode.  The Pretender starter set gets you off to a good start with the Pilot episode and the second episode, Every Picture Tells A Story, two very excellent episodes which set the tone for the rest of the season and do an awesome job of introducing the characters and their complexities while being thoroughly entertaining. In the pilot, we are immediately impressed by Jarod's all-encompassing genius in simple ways. Michael T. Weiss does an amazing job of portraying childlike innocence in his eyes, and convincing us of Jarod's abilities, his sense of responsibility for the exploitation of his skills by the Centre and his determination not to let them control his life anymore. Andrea Parker both in the pilot and the second episode successfully paints us a picture of a complicated character who has the ability to arouse our compassion for her tortured past in one scene, but provoke our wrath in another when she goes after Jarod with her single-minded dedication to the pursuit. Patrick Bauchau and the rest of the cast do an excellent job of bringing to life this very original creation of Steven Long Mitchell and Craig Van Sickle. There is more to say about these two great eps but why waste more time reading about it...get the starter set and see for yourself how awesome this show really is.  --Some memorable lines from the Pilot-- Sydney: The Centre wants him alive. Miss Parker: Preferably.  Jarod: How many people died because of what I thought up?  Miss Parker: He defends the weak and abused.  Mrs. Nikkos: Are you a doctor? Jarod: I am today.  Miss Parker: Hell of an environment to keep him in, Syd.  Miss Parker: I did a lot of frat boys in college. (lol)     