 This is considered one of the four great books on the Battle of the Bulge.  The others are John Toland's Battle, Hugh Cole's official US Army History:  The Ardennes: Battle of the Bulge and Charles B. MacDonald's A Time for Trumpets.   I have read all but Hugh Cole's book and will review each of them.  The Bitter Woods starts with a good background of the breakout from the Normandy beachhead and takes you up the start of the Bulge.  Eisenhower gives you a strategic view of the events leading up to the Bulge.  He discusses the strategy that the Allies were using against the Germans. His book gives you much more background of the operations before the Bulge than either Toland's or MacDonald's.    As this book was written in 1968, the knowledge of the Enigma intercepts was not released yet.  Eisenhower is still able to discuss the deception operation that the Germans were able to successfully conduct against the Allies.    Once Eisenhower gets to the battle he does a good job of taking you to soldier level battles.  MacDonald does a better job but he doesn't set the strategic context as well as Eisenhower.  All of these books are detailed enough that they keep you referring to the maps to understand what was happening.  Eisenhower also gives more details of other events that happened during and after the the Bulge such as the German offensive Operation Nordwind.  Finally Eisenhower shows the strategy that led to the end of the war in Europe.  Eisenhower provides many details about the leadership.  He personally knew them and his father was able to provide many personal details.   While Eisenhower knew both General Omar Bradley and Field Marshall Montgomery, I felt he did a pretty good job of describing the personality conflict between them and did not defer from taking on the issue.  If you are looking for a good book on the Battle of Bulge that places it in its historical context, discusses the leadership, and gives you the big view as well as individual actions, the Bitter Woods is the best book of the three.       