 This is considered one of the four great books on the Battle of the Bulge.  The others are John Toland's Battle, Hugh Cole's official US Army History:  The Ardennes: Battle of the Bulge and John Eisenhower's The Bitter Woods.   I have read all but Hugh Cole's book and will review each of them.  If one wants to know what was happening at the individual soldier's level, this is the book.  Charles B. MacDonald fought in the Battle of the Bulge as a company commander and wrote his personal account of the European Theater of War, Company Commander.  He knows what it was like to fight in that bitter cold battle with units widely spread out.  MacDonald was at the critical Elsenborn Ridge in the North and helped prevent the Germans from spreading and enlarging the Bulge.   His book takes you into action with the sometimes ragtag groups of units that fought overwhelming forces.  In some cases platoons of around 20 men fought battalions of 500 and larger.    This detail requires the reader to really look at the many included maps to keep track of this battle that stretched almost 80 miles from north to south.  While the other books mentioned above have details of individual soldiers fighting, this is the most extensive.  It is about twice the size of John Toland's book.    MacDonald builds on and cites the earlier books by Toland and Eisenhower.  Because his book came out around the 40th anniversary of the Bulge he was able to incorporate the information released on the German Enigma intercepts.  While this information builds on how the Germans conducted the deception that led to the Bulge, it does not greatly change anything previously known.  It is interesting, though.  What did the intelligence officers really know?  Because MacDonald concentrated on the soldier level so much he does not concentrate as much on the senior leadership level as Eisenhower.  He does have some telling comments on the issue of Field Marshall Montgomery's belief that he should take control of the entire ground battle from General Eisenhower, the overall commander.  MacDonald generally demolishes Montgomery's arguments.    MacDonald also does not spend much time on the strategic context, before or after the battle.  If you are looking for the best book on the Battle of Bulge that gives you the view of the battle from the soldiers' level and someone who was there, A Time for Trumpets is the best book.       