 The life and ministry of Oral Roberts is one of the most influencial and controversial of any minister of the 20th century. Although one might dismiss Oral Roberts, relegating him to the catagory of many other TV Evangelists who fell by the wayside in sins, hype, and irrelevance, it must be said of Oral Roberts that he, unlike the overwhelming majority of his time, finished the race. He stayed clean. He has left behind a legacy of power, innovation, and endless possibilities for the future of all of his spiritual children. It was Oral Roberts that pioneered the use of TV as a means of evangelism. It was Oral Roberts that modernized the church's concept of its relationship to God as healer, provider, and, answerer of prayers based upon His Word. More than any other minister of the last century, Oral Roberts Evangelized the world with the truth most Christians rejected and denied completely: 3John:2 "Beloved I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health, even as thy soul prospereth." I don't think we fully appreciate just how ground breaking this revelation was in the 50's and early 60's. His slogan "something good is going to happen to you" was lambasted by religious pharisees. Their contention was the thought was "too presumptuous" and was liable to "get the people's hopes up too high." "Expect a Miracle" is a fair representation of Brother Roberts' life and ministry overall. However, I do wish he would have been more direct and addressed some of the more troubling aspects of his ministry. Although he lightly addressed the matter, I would have liked to have seen him flat out apologize and repent for the 8 million dollar fiasco in the 80's. I have no doubt that God may very well have told him his assignment on earth would end if he failed to upkeep his medical school, but Brother Roberts should have addressed the fact that his manner of appealing on TV saying, "won't you spare my life," to get his "partners" to give him 8 million dollars was extreme and is still an embarassment for his spiritual children. Subsequently, such incidents are a blemish on his legacy, and in many ways the body of Christ's, which I believe could have been repaired had he not avoided the issue in the years that have passed since then. This autobiography was a great opportunity to do just that, but he unfortunately passed. Every spirit filled believer should consider this book required reading. Let history show. Oral Roberts is a rare gem in church history. He paved the way for modern Spirit-filled ministers like no other in his time. He truly was "God's man for this hour!" God bless you, Brother Roberts! And thank you for the abundant spiritual inheritance you have left us!     