 Let's face it, pre-paid services are designed to take advantage of people with bad credit. They're forced to accept high per-minute charges on shabby phones with even worse reception. But not all of us have bad credit. I was formerly an AT&T subscriber and before that I'd been with Verizon for years. I like having a mobile phone with me at all times, and I want great reception, caller ID, a nifty phone, great customer servive, etc., but I simply don't put enough minutes into my phone to justify committing to $40.00 per month for a year (or two). I've been aware for a while now that pre-paid service would be better suited for me. But because they were all so ghetto-quality, I felt it worth the $40.00/month rather than give up my dignity and be seen with a phone from TracPhone or Liberty Wireless. Thank God for Virgin Mobile! Not only are they as classy and quality as the big subscrition services, I feel they're better. Virgin Wireless costs only $20.00 every 3 months at a minimum. Of course at $0.25/min for the first 10 mins. and $0.10 for every min. thereafter, a subscription service would make more sense for someone making lots and lots of calls. But the amount of calls I make ends up costing me roughly $10.00/month. That's a lot of savings! Virgin's customer servive, online and over the phone, is fantastic. Although I haven't needed much assistance, the few times I had to contact them, I didn't wait on hold longer than 30 seconds. The operators were smart and friendly. And what's most important of all, the reception is as good as AT&T, Verizon, Sprint, Cingular, etc. (my co-workers all have mobiles from all the major carriers; we compare our phones constanty). Now about the Kyocera Slider V5. This is a top-knotch phone in every way. I'm the only one I know with one like it. The slider idea is nifty. The speakerphone is very good. I agree that the buttons are a little tricky, but they are hardly worth mentioning. I'm also not interested in the MTV motif, but I can assure you, there are only a few ringer/wallpapers/ringsavers from them. The rest are normal, and very nice, I might add. With the exception of a neraly invisible insignia on the battery, my phone is completly MTV-free. Overall, the Kyocera Slider V5 on Virgin Mobile Wireless is a fantastic deal. I'm 100% satisfied. I recommend this to everyone!     