 My review comes in 2 parts. First I'll deal with the Dake itself, and then the two versions, the Standard and the Compact, and which I'd recommend. For Pentecostal, Spirit-filled, Charismatic, and Word of Faith believers, I could never recommend a more useful study Bible. It's chock-full of not only the basic teachings of Spirit-filled living (i.e., the baptism in the Holy Spirit, faith in God for healing, deliverance, and prosperity) but I'm sure you'll find thousands of insights you've never thought of. Once you begin your journey studing this Bible, you'll be surprised to see how many teachings are here that you heard before from a minister thinking they had fresh from the throne revelation, while all along they were reading the Dake. Yes, there are a few controversial theologies in here; the idea that the Father, Son, and Spirit, each have bodies, souls, and spirits is strange to say the least. But when you read everything Dake has to say on the matter, you'll see he insists the Bible teaches that God is a physical and tangiable as you and I, which is an utterly understated theology in most major branches of Christianity. Overall, Dake is quite balanced. I srtongly admire his unwavering courage to speak things that will without question bring rebuke from more religious critics. The Dake Annotated Bible is an absolute must for ANY Spirit-filled believer! There are 2 versions of this Bible out, both available in hardback and bonded or genuine leather. The Standard is the original printing, in its original page layout and font. It is a 4-colum layout with the notes a size smaller than the already small Bible font. It's not at all a bad printing and I'd be quite happy with it if no other printing were available. However, the Compact is a tremendous improvement to the original. The term Compact really doen't apply, as its main Bible font is larger, as is the notes' font which has been enlarged to match the size of the Bible font. The type is much clearer and easier to read. The layout is good, too. It has 3, instead of 4 colums and each page has a full section of Bible text, with notes relegated to the sides and bottom. Overall, either priting is wonderfull but the Compact is better. I have 2. Both genuine black leather, one Compact, one Standard. They are both top-notch Bibles. The leather is soft and well done. The paper is of the highest quality. Wonderful in everyway.  Get a Dake! You'll be glad you did!     