 When our dog Annabel went blind, we didn't know how to help her. She was severely depressed and unable to cope, bumping into things, getting disoriented, going to the toilet inside, sleeping a lot, moping, etc. I followed the advice in this book, and within two weeks, Annabel was able to negotiate her way around the house, find her bowl and water, get up and down the stairs and go to the toilet outside. Within two more, I was walking with her in the park, and within another month, I could take her pretty much anywhere. I simply added some extra commands when out walking: "up" for a little step, "ready, up" for a big step; "down" for a little step down, "drop" for a big step down; "turn" with a lead tug to indicate direction. Together with commands she already knew, "stop", "cross the road" (which means trot quickly), "OK", which means go, it gave us all the tools we needed.  We'd be out in the streets, crossing busy roads, sitting in cafes, negotiating crowds and she was fine (as long as the crowds weren't too thick). We'd also take her into the country, along beaches, bush tracks, up hills etc.  People often couldn't tell that she was blind because she looked as though she was doing everything herself. Ocassionally she'd need a little reassurance, a bit of a pat, and then off she'd go again. The key to this was making sure that she got the command *before* she was expected to do it, so that she didn't find the drop or step before I gave her the instruction. That way she learned to trust my commands, and to relax enough so that she wasn't always worried about tripping or bumping into things.  As soon as she could go on long walks again, her enjoyment of life increased, her depression lifted and life was worth living again for her. She even got to the point where I could let her off the lead in a safe place, because she trusted me enough to keep her safe. She'd wander about, sniffing things, doing dog stuff, and I'd just watch to make sure she was OK. She loved this so much! A little taste of freedom. It made all the difference to her final two years of life. I strongly recommend this book for anyone with a blind dog.     