 Having read "The Da Vinci Code" I wondered if Dan Brown would measure up for me in his other works. I bought a copy of Angels and Demons and I was not disappointed.  Robert Langdon, professor and symbologist is introduced to us in this novel. Robert is awakened in the middle of the night, and practically ordered to come to Europe, lured by the a grisly fax which reels him with one word "Illuminati".  The Illuminati were a group of scientists vilifed by the Catholic Church hundreds of years ago, and believed to be an extinct group.  Robert is mesmerized and boards a super-sonic plane to  a high-tech scientific research corporation.  From this point forward, the novel progresses at breakneck speed as Robert, along with the help of an interesting female character named Vittoria, [who has a huge stake in the outcome of the novel] literally race against time to save Vatican City. Together they must travel to Vatican City and attempt to follow an ancient "map" to the person responsible for a threat to destroy Vatican City with a weapon of science - anti-matter.  Although there is plenty of suspense, treachery, and violence in this novel, I felt strong undercurrent of faith, not in any specific religious dogma, but just simple, human faith.  This is a very well written novel with so many twists and turns, the reader has to turn really immerse him or herself into the book. The character, Robert Langdon has such terrific appeal in this novel as well as "The DaVinci Code" because he is written to be so very human. He makes mistakes, he doubts himself, he continues forward when there seems to be no hope. He make us WANT him to succeed! The surprise ending is a good one, that I did not guess.  Bear with the background information at the beginning. It does read a bit slow, but once events begin to unfold, this novel is unstoppable! I look forward to more Dan Brown novels with Robert Langdon as the central character. This is the kind of character you will fall in love with and want to read about more and more.     