 I bought this book expecting, not a fast-paced novel, but an introspective look at a woman in pain over her fractured family. This book is not an introspective, it is a hodge-podge of fractured thoughts, conversations, images, and self-acknowledgements.  The book annoyingly begins with the heroine of the story Reta Winters, who is an author [gasp] reciting every book she has published. The soon to be ever-present Danielle Westerman, Reta's friend or object of obsession, depending on how you read into it, makes her debut in these pages, because most of Reta's published work involves translations of  Danielle's work.  Why do we need to know what Reta Winters has written?  The boring, self-absorbed tone of these first few pages should have been a red flag for me, but I had been hooked by the first pages, and wanted to know what had caused Reta's self-described "period of great unhappiness."  When I learned in later pages that her eldest daughter, Norah had removed herself from normal life, and was living on the streets, I was intrigued and wanted to find out more.  What a mistake.... The bits and pieces scattered through the novel that actually tell the story of where Norah is and why are simply morsels to keep one reading a tortuously laborious novel.  Reta goes on and on about topics that are fragmented and seem to have no relation to one another.  Imagine your everyday thoughts, random as they can be, written down and passed off for a novel. That is what "Unless" has to offer.  I found the all too frequent references to the great Danielle Westerman [I could never understand why she was such a figure of worship for the main character...] are annoying and distracting.   I read hundreds of books each year and don't give up easily on a novel, but I found myself skipping large sections of this novel, looking for the name "Norah" so that I could get back to the story line.   I do realize that this novel is supposed to be about what goes on in Reta Winters' mind as she goes through such a painful event as a daughter who has turned her back on life, but I lost patience with Reta's self-absorption.  If I spent as much time self-obsessing and Danielle Westerman-obsessing, as this character does, I would never accomplish anything.   I would not recommend this novel to anyone, unless you are prepared to waste your money, your time, and end up frustrated by the loss of both.     