 Stephanie Kallos gives a new definition of, and some insightful lessons into the meaning of the word "family" in this wonderfully unusual novel.  Margaret Hughes lives alone in a beautiful mansion, filled with beautiful, rare, and often priceless artifacts.  After a horrible loss and failed marriage, these artifacts: porcelain tea sets, rare and exquisite dinnerware sets, figurines and other beautiful items bequeathed to her by her father, become her only friends, and at the same time the source of her greatest shame - due to their origins.    When Margaret discovers that she has a very serious illness, she decides it is time to re-enter the world and bring other people into her life, but her way of doing so is with a bit of distance - she chooses to take a boarder into her mansion.  After several interviews, she chooses Wanda, a young theatrical manager who seems to carry the hurt of many lifetimes on her shoulders, asks few questions, and offers little information about her origins - simply, the perfect roommate for Margaret.  As their friendship develops and the story behind Margaret's house of treasures unfolds, we also learn why Wanda holds her heart in a viselike grip of protection. Both of their stories are equally heart-wrenching and completely absorb the reader.  Running concurrently with Wanda and Margaret's story, we learn about the family member who left Wanda behind and how his life has been changed forever by the actions of his past.  Wanda, with the help of Margaret, finds a new vocation in the creation of mosaics in a most unusual form, with an even more unusual medium. As Wanda opens up to the world, so does Margaret, and more boarders and relationships develop, until her house of treasures becomes a home filled with family in the most accurate sense of the word.  The wonderful blending of history, the ugliness of the Holocaust in contrast to the beauty of how Margaret and Wanda turn this ugliness into art, make this book a wonderfully interesting novel.    Simply excellent and very thought provoking, with wonderfully flawed, yet lovable characters, "Broken for You" will definitely be on my book club list.       