 I stumbled onto "The Plague Tales", having no idea what to expect, and for the most part I was pleasantly surprised. As a medical thriller, it is superb, and I read this rather long novel very quickly. Even today, centuries after it killed millions of Europeans, just hearing the words "Bubonic Plague" are enough to get just about anyone's attention. The descriptions of the illness are right on the money and the helplessness of physicians to realize a cause or cure add to the suspense of the story. "Who will be the next character to become ill?" is the question I kept wondering. This book has virtually no "filler", so it reads very quickly. The switches between the 14th Century storyline and the storyline set in the future are very well placed, keeping the reader engrossed in the characters of both stories.  Janie, the main character in the future storyline, is very hardened by her losses in the "Outbreaks" of some sort of plague in the future. If I have a complaint, it is that those Outbreaks were never explained in the novel, even though there were ample opportunities for Janie's character to do so. It seems that the stress of the novel is based in the past, and those characters are well formed, especially Alejandro, the 14th century physician who is tormented by both his inability to cure the victims of Bubonic Plague and the many decisions he has to make during his adventures in the story. His struggles with his faith, his true identity, and his loyalties are portrayed very exceptionally well. His character is the one which I feel that most readers will bond most strongly with, as his emotions are fleshed out so well, and it is so easy to relate to the basic moral dilemas he encounters.  There are some minor discrepancies in the novel, and the link between the past and the future in the case of Caroline, Janie's assistant, is never explained (Perhaps the sequel to this novel does so), but didn't seriously mar my enjoyment of the novel. The mysterious Sarah, with her "cure" for Bubonic Plague, is a nice touch, and adds a bit of mysticism to the mix, as well as taking a shot at modern medicine and it's cynicism toward natural remedies. There truly is an unresolved link between the character Caroline and Sarah and that is a bit unsatisfying.  Some reviews have criticized the actions of the characters as being unbelievable, but I would think that in the face of such a rigidly controlled future world as is  described in "The Plague Tales", "normal" actions and reactions would easily be discarded.  Overall, I highly recommend this novel. I thoroughly enjoyed it's weave of historical fact with fiction, as well as past with future events.     