 This book has the most interesting storyline concept that I have read in a long time. Having read literally thousands of books, I am always delighted with a fresh, new idea.  Narrated by one of the two central characters, Leeann Norris, the much younger sister of Beth Ann Norris, this story tells many tales, all interwoven, which speak volumes about the complexity of human relationships.  Mary Beth Norris is a "song reader". She is able to help the people in her small town work out their problems by making charts of the songs that they listen to, the songs that stick in their minds, and remind them of both good times and bad.  She and her younger sister Leeann live alone, having lost both of their parents through very different circumstances. Leeann looks up to her sister and is in awe of her "gift". Her character expresses all of the difficulties of growing up in a small town, and being just a little different from other people. She has lots of questions about her father, her mother and her early years, but somehow the reader gets the feeling that she is not ready for the answers in the beginning of the novel. I don't want to spoil the book for anyone, but Leeann is forced to take on a grown up level of responsibility when Mary Beth is suddenly unable to, and this is when many of her questions begin to be answered. She struggles with her family history: the mysteries for which there are no answers, and the lies she has been told "out of love."  This novel is an excellent example of very well fleshed out characters who deal with adversity in the best way they know how and don't always make the right choices.  The book also touches on mental illness in the most respectful way I have seen in a fiction novel.  It's a wonderful novel.... a must read.... I finished it in one day!!!  Once you read the first page you will be hooked!  I see the possiblity of a sequel, which would be nice, but I'm also really excited to read Ms. Tucker's next novel when it is finished. I suspect we'll be hearing a lot from her in the future!     