 I bought "The True and Outstanding Adventures of the Hunt Sisters: A Novel" on a whim, from one of my book clubs, not really knowing what to expect. I was, at first, a bit put off because of the writing style [the entire book is written in the form of letters, faxes, and e-mails]. After reading about 5 pages I was hooked! Halfway through this book, I turned back to the opening pages to assure myself that it book was indeed fiction.     The main character, Olivia, is so refreshingly human in her responses to finding out that her sister Maddie has cancer, and the events chronicled are so real, it was hard to believe that the author was not writing from experience. Olivia, is a producer and has worked very hard to make a life in Hollywood, where she is hanging onto her career and her relationships by a thread. She is contemplating suicide [not very seriously] when she receives the call from home that her younger sister, Maddie has Leukemia, so she returns home, to the place she has worked so hard to get away from. Her relationships with her mother, father and brother are wonderfully portrayed and are delightfully fresh because of their honesty. Olivia's rollercoaster of emotions in response to Maddie's illness are right on the money. Keep the tissues handy...many passages will bring on the tears simply because they mirror so accurately, the horrors and reality of terminal illness, as well as the helplessness of loved ones.     Even so, this novel is not a "downer". Olivia is such an interesting character, and her manner sometimes so brash, that there are enough laughs in the novel to help lighten things up.   I will admit that reading "The True and Outstanding Adventures of the Hunt Sisters" was difficult for me at times, as I lost my best friend to cancer recently. Having been down that road with my friend, I was astounded by the novel's authenticity in portraying the treatments involved with this disease, as well as the responses of Olivia, her parents and brother, to the process. In many ways, I felt as if I were reliving my experience along with Olivia.     This novel is unflinching in its glimpse into the way people handle terminal illnesses, as well as how they handle their relationships in general. If "The True and Outstanding Adventures of the Hunt Sisters" is any indication of Elisabeth Robinson's talent as a novelist [she already has some impressive producing and screenwriting credits], readers are in for a treat when she writes her next novel.      