 Well, okay. I've fallen for all of the Weisslerian hype. I think "Seussical" is a delight, at least in its score and performances. Shun me if you will. All kidding aside, the score is something I actually think most theatre fans are going to agree on, especially now that this album is available for repeated listening. It will never quite be in the same league as Stephen Flaherty and Lynn Ahrens' incomparable work on "Ragtime" or "Once On This Island", but the pair didn't check their talent at the door before beginning work on this project. There are plenty of attractive tunes and clever lyrics to speak of -- the opening "Oh, the Thinks You Can Think", Michele Pawk's "Amayzing Mayzie", Janine LaManna's "All For You", the lovely "Solla Sollew", the curtain call number "Green Eggs and Ham", and other songs will maintain Flaherty and Ahrens' reputation as a first-rate songwriting team. The cast have gotten the best of the reviews, and they generally deserve them. Kevin Chamberlin is probably the only performer active today who could pull off Horton the elephant, singing well and sounding the part. LaManna is delicious as Gertrude McFuzz, and Pawk is a good Mayzie. The smaller roles are luxuriously cast -- Tom Plotkin, David Engel, Stuart Zagnit, Alice Playten and Sharon Wilkins are delightful in what little material they have. Even David Shiner, problematic in the show for his lack of singing ability, sounds fine as the Cat in the Hat; though one certainly pines for his standby Bryan Batt, the originally cast Andrea Martin, or even non-singing star replacement Rosie O'Donnell, his role on disc is so small that it doesn't diminish the pleasures of the score. If there's a serious quibble to be had with the album, it's that several minutes on the CD went unused -- minutes that might have been devoted to Eddie Korbich's cut song about the Lorax, to a Rosie O'Donnell bonus track, or just to some of the little pieces that were cut. But a quibble is all that it is. Serious theatre fans will have to pick this up, even if they'd do well to avoid being serious when they listen to it.     