 ...I didn't expect much, but I at least hoped this book would answer some of the mysteries in the original module, or provide one possible explanation for what was going on.  What was that temple under the Hill Giant Steading, for example?   ....Unfortunately, this book provides less detail and explanation than the modules themselves.  Not one single question from the old D&D modules is answered in this book, and much of the good stuff in the modules is left out.  They only visit three rooms out of each of the last two modules, for example.  .....Many have pointed out that this reads like a bad module, not a book.  All the dialogue are lines like "I have memorized 3 beneath notice and two reveal spells today," or "Remember, as a Paladin, I have the ability to detect evil," etc.  It stops just short of using terms like hit points and saving throws.  The wizard was the worst character for this - it was like listening to a teenage D&D player tell you what move he is making next.    .   ....  If you were looking for a good strategy on how the giants' places should have been assaulted - forget it!  Apparently, you can walk right in the front door (past the guards) of every one of them.  What are the chances that every single guard in all three modules is asleep when they run into them?    ....   Beyond that, the whole thing was too hokey and sweet.  The adventurers were so pure and kind that you thought they were going to lead the giants in some kind of rehab support group instead of kill them.  Would anyone really have a 5-minute conference in the middle of an enemy dungeon about whether it is OK to kill torturers while they sleep?  All the human kings, princes and army guys that they dealt with were totally legit and honest.  Rowan, the female ranger and the Berserker had a little depth.  Some day, I would like to see a D&D story with flawed heroes, a Dirty Dozen kind of group. Not here. ....Also, I thought it was cheap the way the wizard basically assured that the heroes could detect everything, but everything they did was invisible and inaudible and wiped from the giants' memories.  ....The Paladin was basically a pacifist.  He wouldn't kill a mosquito if it was carrying the next plague. ....  And was anyone else annoyed by whom Rowan latches onto at the end?  She flirted with the young guy Lhors for the whole book, what happened to that?     