 I agree that Griffin's Brotherhood of War, early Corps and Badge books were good, but he has definitely lapsed into a tedious formula and his characters and situations have gotten insanely far-fetched.  Sure, Craig Lowell, Sandy Felter and Matt Payne were not exactly realistic, but at least they were likeable characters who kind of worked their way up the chain.  The characters in the Corps have become purely obnoxious and invulnerable - like James Bond with none of his charm.  It started with Ken "Killer" McCoy being the best at everything ("The only Marines who could hold a Thompson steady while firing were Chesty Puller and McCoy" etc. ad naus).  Then the ridiculous Captain/General/Jedi Knight Fleming Pickering (What's next?-"Flem, we're gonna make you a Cardinal so you can straighten out the Pope").    At first, characters breaking the rules and bucking authority was kept reasonable, like Lowell's battlefield improvisations, but then it became a glorification of any rebel. McCoy's brother beating officers near to death but going on the war bond tour seems like the ultimate Griffin hero. Which of course leads to their sex lives, and Griffin's belief that any woman will fall in love if you rough her up.  These characters all seem based on Robert Conrad in "Baa Baa Black Sheep."  As others have mentioned, Griffin has a problem with enlisted characters, and also with conventional battlefield scenes.  Even if a Lance Corporal performs well in a brief battle, he must instantly become an officer (and one working directly for the President or Secretary), get his AAAA1 flight clearance ("Sorry, General Eisenhower, you got bumped by Lt. Studley")and go off to some supersecret mission.    Lastly, the author is a bit too excited with his own cleverness - rehashing the same cute observations about how funny military protocols are (Yes, enough with the "NMI" in Stecker's name!).  All that said, W.E.B. Griffin is selling millions of books and making tons more money than I'll ever see - so he obviously knows what he's doing.       