 Having read and enjoyed the two books that preceded this one (Behind Closed Doors and Standing in the Shadows) I was eagerly expecting this one.  However, it seems that Ms. McKenna needed more time to come up with a book that equaled the other two in quality.  Let me provide a list reasons why I didn't like this book:  1. The villains where one dimensional caricatures.  Why were they so evil?  What drove them to such extreme malevolence and incredible violence?  We never find out because apparently their sole purpose is to provide suspense as wallpaper for the story.  2. While the heroines of the previous books were not virgins, they were not very experienced either.  To my taste, Margot was too experienced (the hero comments how she proved to him that she is very good in oral sex. Ugh.  In this aspect, I'm afraid that I would prefer the heroine to have something to learn with the hero.  Their first sexual encounter occurs when she gives him oral pleasure (big gulp) in a truck after knowing him for only one day and then she is upset because he'll think she's a whore.  3. The hero is intense, which I liked, and the heroine is extremely argumentative, which I didn't like.  The author has them either having sex or arguing for most of the novel, which was tiresome and seemed childish.  4. I also had a problem with the time frame in which the story develops.  The h/h become intimate right away, and fall in love within days of meeting each other in circumstances that are extreme.  It would be more realistic to have them at least know a little about each other before they have sex and things get crazy.  An epilogue would also give the reader a better sense of how things worked out when the circumstances got back to normal and they started living a normal life together.  5. The book is so full of missprints, spelling and grammatical errors that it was distracting.  This happened in almost every page, and many times several times within the same page. This took me out of the story every time since I kept remembering that I paid $14.00 for the novel and wondering if Brava employs editors and/or uses the spelling and grammar check in their computers.  This is disrespectful to readers that pay good money for a paperback.  6. Would I buy a future book from Ms. McKenna?  I think I'll give her another chance as long as the heroine is not Tamara or Cindy.  They can have romances as secondary characters, but they're not main heroine material in view of their icky past actions. To use just one word: EEEWWWW!     