 I was extremely dissapointed with this novel.  Madeline Hunter and Liz Carlyle are my favorite historical romance authors, so I was really looking forward to Lord of Sin.  I disregarded the less than glowing reviews, thinking I was safe with Ms. Hunter.  That was a mistake, and I have seen for myself that this was an uninspired effort by the author.  I did not like the hero nor the heroine, I could not get close to them, and I did not believe in their relationship.  These are other issues I have with the novel:  1. I can appreciate a hero who is a rake, but I found Ewan disgusting and shallow.  Someone who gets excited by having sex in front of others, who is (in)famous for organizing and participating in orgies, who collects expensive erotic art that cannot be displayed freely, who abhors responsibility, and who is completely amoral is not hero material for me.  Eeewww!  And then the reader is supposed to believe that this "hero" will be content in a regular, monogamous relationship, ugh!  2. The heroine didn't fare much better.  She held on to her secrets for way too long, trying my patience.  It seemed to me that the conflict was too contrived and took over the romance to the point where it overwhelmed the development of the characters and their relationship.  3. The setting of the story and the information about engraving and forgery was interesting, but extremely detailed.  This was another element that only served to dilute the romance that was supposed to be the central part of the story.  4.  The "efforts" of the h/h to be discreet about their relationship seemed pointless and useless. How did Bride expect her sisters to be virtuous when she was carrying on a sexual relationship under their noses for the second time?  Was she excused because of her age from the expectations society had for unmarried ladies of her time?  5.  For a novel whose h/h were supposed to be so sensual, I found the love scenes cold, superficial, and uninspired.  Very different from the author's other novels.  6.  Unbelievable coincidences and a lot of telling instead of showing make me think that Ms. Hunter was trying to meet a deadline while busy with a lot of projects that didn't leave her enough time to  write in the way to which we have become accustomed.  This kept me detached from the story and for the first time I skimmed through pages of this author's writing.  I really, really, really, hope that Ms. Hunter will go back to writing medievals and I really, really, really hope that her next work shows she has recovered from whatever impaired her undeniable story telling skills this time.     