 I, as other readers, was also persuaded to read Ms. Garwood by other reviewers.  This is my second Julie Garwood, and I'm determined it will be my last for the following reasons: (1)The plot is sketchy and contrived, and the regency period is not portrayed in a realistic manner, even by romance novel standards.   (2)While I appreciate wealthy and titled characters that treat their servants kindly and have enjoyed many novels in which the serving class characters have made major contributions to the story, I had a hard time getting into the story because I felt that the way Ms. Garwood portrayed the relationships between the butler and the main characters was simply ridiculous (the hero asked the butler to call him by his first name, the butler was extremely nosy and treated visitors as if they came to see him, etc. etc.) Instead of finding this funny or endearing, I found it irritating and disruptive. (3) The relationship between the hero and the heroine lacked sensual tension and depth.  It was very easy for them to suddenly discover that they loved each other, which made finishing the novel and unexciting chore.  I had to FORCE myself to finish it and it took me forever. (4) The suspense/mystery subplot seems to be there as a way to lengthen the book, but I knew from the beginning who the evil villain was, so this didn't help to dispell the boredom. (5) How realistic is it, even by 21st century standards, for a husband to take his wife into his lap in front of visitors? I found that the public displays of affection, in the Regency period no less, took me out of the action. While I extremely enjoy characters who demonstrate their passion and love to each other, I felt that this was not the way to do it. In summary, if you like romance novels with a pinch of historical realism, character development, plot depth, and really intelligent characters who communicate in a sensical manner, Castles is not the book for you.  On the other hand, if you like fluffy, juvenile novels that could have been written by a teenager for a tenager, enjoy.     