 This is the first book that I read by Kinley MacGregor/Sherrilyn Kenyon, and it is also the last.  The "plot" reminded me of a badly written play in which characters enter and exit the stage without rhyme or reason. My reasons for intensely disliking this novel are the following: 1.	The hero and heroine are insipid, impulsive, and unbelievably stupid. 2.	The heroine's actions are anachronistic.  She comes and goes at will, without the restrictions expected for a young lady of her station at that time.  She spends time alone with the hero without worries for the consequences and her uncle/guardian is oblivious to her actions.  When the possibility of her getting pregnant arises, she takes the situation lightly, immediately indicating that she would not get married just because she was having a child.  This is a medieval romance and at that time the consequences of having a bastard child were significant indeed.  Not to mention the burdens she would be placing on the child itself, which she's too stupid and/or insensitive to consider. 3.	The hero and heroine are portrayed as one-dimensional, "perfect" characters.  Despite the author's efforts to make the reader believe in their opposing points of view regarding love and war, she's inconsistent and tells us instead that they understand each other instantly and fall deeply in love in a couple of days.  There is no believable transition in their relationship, just incredibly sugary and purple prose "telling" the readers that the main characters have exceptional qualities and just can't help loving each other.  I just didn't buy it. 4.	The "suspense" plot is convoluted, uncoordinated, confusing, and ultimately unresolved.  It seems that this is the beginning of a series and the author wants to stretch the mystery throughout, which shows a remarkable lack of imagination and bodes ill for future books.  It also seems as if the author could not make her mind as to who would be the villain.  As soon as she revealed one, she made it disappear.   5.	The actions of all the characters were inconsistent.  For example, one of the villains, who has hated the hero for years and who tries to kill him early in the novel, hands his beloved young child to him to be raised and the boy tells the hero that this person has talked about him lovingly and admiringly.  The author makes it appear as if this villain had known many years before how things would turn out and planned to give his child to the hero to be raised, even telling the child that the hero is his father.  If so, how could he hate him so viciously and why did he try to kill him? 6.	The hero is so perfect that when he is presented with this child, even though he is completely certain that he has not fathered any children and was never intimate with the boy's mother, he instantly accepts him as his son and heir!!!!  Wouldn't it have made more sense to have the hero accept the child as a foster son and raise and love him without going all the way? 7.	Both the hero and heroine have "epiphanies" throughout the novel, instead of coming to conclusions through regular and intelligent thought processes.  Wait. They would have to possess intelligence for that, but both are dense and too stupid to live. 8.       On top of all of the above, the love scenes are bland, unexciting, and passionless.  The hero's and heroine's thoughts wander all over while they are making love, which doesn't say much about their chemistry and their involvement with each other. Ugh.  In conclusion, if you want to read a light novel disguised as a dark tale, and details don't concern you, this novel could satisfy you.  On the other hand, if you want to read a well researched and intelligently written medieval romance, populated with intelligent, complex, and believable characters, try Madeline Hunter.     