 6/4/05 - Addendum There's no backlight on the LCD on this model (SX25) so you can't see the display in the dark or low level lighting (the ST25 had a nice green one).  Handling noise is much higher on this model, so unless you're very steady-handed, go with an external mic to keep the noise from cancelling out your recorded material (don't bother trying to record from your pocket, or while it's in the velvet carry pouch).  Sensitivity has been boosted for 1-4 ft. recording, so that's where the trade-off occurred.  But the internal condenser mics (stereo) are not isolated from the unit's case, so every contact with the case results in noise. -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-= Everything you liked (or hated) about the ST25 is back in the new model, but this one's skinnier by a 1/4-inch, and the display has been changed to be wider but shorter - same displays.  New STLP mode is like a ST (high quality mode) file but with less resolution, so you can pack a third more time in the non-expandable 32MB memory (still about 7 hours on SP, 15 hours on LP, 2.5 hrs on ST, say 4 hours on STLP).    Don't expect to try to digitally record music on this unit because you cannot disable the automatic gain function (it's really designed for recording speeches or other presentation material, not recording concerts).  In a pinch, I have used it to capture the audio line-out of a DVD, but it's not good with wide volume changes since it tries to equalize everything to an overall acceptable volume.  I like/dislike the 4-way toggle button RW<- v ^ ->FF idea - it gets rid of one extra 2-way button, but it gets confusing if you were trying to manipulate it without looking at the display.  On the other hand, if the settings are the way I want them, I don't usually have to touch that button.  You just hit the Record to start, and again to pause recording (Stop saves and lets Record create a separate file).  It's good at splitting and combining, and the USB port lets the proprietary software manipulate the sound files for general management (but very limited editing).  Battery life is the same as the ST25 - about 16 hrs. per set of 2 AAA's.  I miss the swivel microphone mount because I often used the ST25 sitting on the floor and pointed the mics upward, or in a shirt pocket pointed away from me.  Bottomline - better sound quality than the $99 or less variety recorders.  No memory card expansion available, so you need to dump off files to clear space. Speaker is loud enough to be able to hold it to your ear and hear playback clearly if at a noisy airport, so that's a nice feature.  Can be used in a pinch to record music via line input, but with degraded quality compared with a true MP3 recorder.  Smaller than most units of similar capacity. Since it was designed to function better when connected to a PC, why not make it rechargeable via USB as well?     