 Prescript - I'm much better than average using digital and film cameras, and the last time I played around with camcorders was back in the old full-size VHS days.  Needed one for some scene study work - so I headed off to the store to see what's available.  Played around with Sony, Canon, JVC, and Panasonic for comparison.  Really disliked the controls on most of the comparably priced brands.  My priorities: should be near intuitive to use (preferably without looking at controls - 90% by feel is best for me) - don't particularly like touch-screens or play around with on-camera SFX, since I'd do most of that off-line anyway. Wanted better than SVHS quality and preferably digital to PC compatibility.  The verdict - the SCD107 meets just about all the things I was looking for - doesn't have pass-through analog <-> digital, but you can convert using a 2-step playback -> record DV -> xfer to PC method (Sony had that mode available).  Light specs says it will only last for about 50 hours, which seems a bit short to me, but I don't plan on using it much (plus since it's a small one, it ends up looking like Blair Witch Project-type recordings of individuals.    Sound is great - and even better when fed by a decent condenser mic (which I use normally).  I've had some interesting weirdness when popping various tapes in and out to check what's on them - sometimes it doesn't pick up the data stream immediately unless I fully rewind the tape first.  Don't know if that's common with other brands.  Batteries charge quickly (less than 2 hrs. for the 2 hr. variety Li-Ion) - the extra Energizer brand one I picked up needed an extra strip of tape over the label that rides on top of the little button sensor that detects whether the battery is chargeable or not (the Energizer battery seems to have a little deeper recesses for it's labels on the backside).  Very easy to manipulate the controls without looking at them - appear to be identical to the Sony 3CCD camcorder I was using the other day, so it was easy to switch back and forth without thinking about where the play/pause button is.  Zoom and detail is impressive, can read text and UPC labels 20 ft. away when zoomed in and playing back on a standard TV.  Didn't come with a memory card, so I haven't shot any stills with it yet.  I'd imagine that's where others have liked the newer multi-use camcorders with built-in flash (but are usually several hundred dollars more expensive).  Seems a little odd that the light on/off button is stuck on the inner panel that's only accessible when the LCD is pulled away. Didn't have any problem loading cassettes after noting others mentioning the unique loader (drop the cassette in, and press it into the carrier where there's a "Press" here label on the carrier frame. Then the whole thing motorizes itself back into the camcorder).  I'm pleased with the whole deal - especially based upon the pricing.     