 Baby size: My daughter started out at just over 5 lbs, and this seat fit her well from the beginning.  The straps have adjusted easily as she's rapidly grown, I haven't had the adjustment problems other reviewers had.  The head support worked well too (at first we had to use a rolled towel inside it for her tiny head).  A baby's head will not fall forward as long as the seat is properly leveled according to the convenient indicator on the side of the seat, but if the angle is even slightly off this can happen easily.  The seat can only be leveled in the center seat of some sedan backseats (like my Toyota Camry) because of this angle requirement, but there are leveling accessories you can buy to help with this issue.    Portability: I love the stay-in-car base, which I found easy to install properly.  It's also very easy to snap the carrier portion in and out, and very obvious whether the carrier is secure or not.  An extra base is great for families with multiple cars, as either parent can quickly snap the seat in and go.  The carrier portion is convenient for quick trips in and out of the car, but I find it much too heavy to comfortably carry long distances with a baby over 10 lbs (and I'm fairly strong).  It will not fit securely enough for my taste in the child seat portion of a grocery cart, but it does fit well when placed sideways across the larger basket portion; I just stash groceries in the large space left underneath the carrier and in the rest of the basket.   The Snap n' Go stroller is great if you're taking this seat farther from your car.  It's much more lightweight than the large "travel system" Graco also sells with this seat.  It's easy to maneuver and comfortable for most people to push, but a little too short if you're much taller than 6 ft.  Durability: I can't comment on the seat's lifespan, as we've only been using it a little over 2 months.  A few times I have noticed the sticking carrier handle other reviewers mentioned, but it doesn't happen often.  The canopy seems rather flimsy to me, but we only use it occasionally when using the stroller, so it hasn't been an issue so far.  Other considerations: Windsor seems to be a fairly gender-neutral pattern, if this matters to you.  My baby wears a lot of yellow clothes, and people seem to assume she's a boy about 60% of the time when she's in this seat.  The carrier handle has several different positions: up for carrying, flat for carseat use, and down for resting the carrier portion on a flat surface without letting it wobble.  With the handle left up, the "wobble-enabled" carrier portion can be rocked slightly on the floor to stall a fussy baby as you try to finish an errand before she erupts.  I would buy this seat again.  Its only drawbacks are its weight (probably unavoidable since it's a carseat and must be sturdy) and the rather stringent placement requirement for leveling (but at least the indicator lets you know about this problem).     