 In this book, Krech sets out to contradict popular perceptions of Native Americans as perfect beings living in harmony with their environments.  This doesn't sound like a very nice thing to do at first, but the author  clearly states that he feels such images are not only inaccurate  generalizations based on biased, outdated European stereotypes, but are  dehumanizing in their suggestion that native people are "natural"  animals rather than "cultural" humans.  He goes on to present a  number of case studies showing situations in which Native Americans were  indeed cultural humans not living in perfect ecological balance with their  surroundings.  His treatment of the archaeological evidence is pretty  thorough and unbiased.  His historical case studies, while relying a bit  heavily on potentially biased historic records by White settlers, remain  fairly convincing examples of situations in which Native Americans were not  perfect conservationists.  Unfortunately, after this array of case studies  it can be easy to forget that Krech's stated reasons for examining them  were to present Native Americans as active human beings rather than passive  stereotypes.  Instead, readers can end up with a negative feeling about  Native American land use practices in general or about Krech in particular,  as the reviews below point out.  In spite of these flaws, however, the book  does raise interesting questions about how perceptions of Native Americans  are constructed (both by native people themselves and by others) and about  how we should approach environmental issues (including our definition of a  "natural" environment) we grapple with today.  His writing is  clear and issues are presented in a fairly understandable way for a general  audience, not just dusty academic types.  Although you may not agree with  all of the book's conclusions, the issues it raises make it very worthwhle  reading material for anyone interested in environmental impact and Native  Americans in the past and today.     