 Like the last game I reviewed, Need for Speed: Underground 2, I really didn't want to purchase this game, but another family member (my borther this time) brought it home anyway.  At first, I was distracted with a rental of mine: Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas. But after getting frustrated with the final mission (actually, I wasn't frustrated, but I was too lazy to go through the entire level to get to the point where I failed), I decided to pop in NCAA 2006 and see what it was like.  When I first entered the game, I decided to try out the new flagship mode of the game, Race for the Heisman Mode. In the beginning, you are at a college scouting session picking which position you will play (they're all specialty positions, leaving out the underappreciated O-Line). When you pick your position, you will enter immediately into the spring drill which best suits your position (Oklahomas, Pass Skeleton, etc.). When you are done with your drill, you are then immediately given the choice of three schools (their strength depending on your success rating at your drill) or you can choose to walk-on to any school you like.  Once you are in you dorm room, you have the option of doing several things, one being playing your games (or simming them). Other things you can do is look at your achievements and awards over the years, look at fan mail (I never knew that college football phenoms only got one letter every several weeks talking about their career choices... interesting), and look at a picture at an really ugly-looking girl on your computer (when you are a freshman, at least).  When you play a game in RFTH mode, I expected it to be as I just playing as myself throughout the game and resting when on defense. But what I got was pretty much a game that I could've played with the Quick Start option. I control any player on field on my team, I control offense and defense, I control playcalling, etc. This is extremely dissapointing in my mind. Once again, this is supposed to be about me controlling my player and bringing him to glory . Controlling the entire team destroys the illusion that I am slaving to bring my custom player to glory.  A few more gripes about RFTH mode is that no matter what team you play for, you will always start off the bat, no matter who you are replacing. Once again, this is very unrealistic. Also, about controlling your personal player, you do not control his actions off the field. I would've liked to see at the very least an answer based thing which allows us to shape the character of our player. I have only gone to my sophomore year (with no Heisman trophies), but I beginning to feel that RFTH mode is just a worthless novelty mode brought in to garner in the feel of the game. Hopefully, this mode will be improved upon in 2007.  Onto the actual gameplay, it seems to be more "Offense-friendly" than seasons past. Recievers and halfbacks drop fewer passes than last year (thankful for this), the kicking meter is slower on All-American than last year, and it is much easier to bust big gains on the ground with a few well-placed jukes. Another thing that may contribute to this is the fact that the defensive controls have been unfairly altered from last year (player change and sprint on defense have been switched, which results in confusion and sometimes frustration). There is this new feature in the game called Impact Player and at random times, Impact players will be "In The Zone". Besides this, no other new features in the gameplay.  For it's flagship Dynasty mode, It is pretty much the same Dynasty mode as last year with a tune-up to make it better for the current year. Several things new to the mode include an Athlon Sports preview of the upcoming season (nothing new inside, though), pipeline states to have an easier time recruiting (you need at least 5 players on your team in a state to have it considered as a "pipeline" state), and a key new feature called In-Season recruiting, which allows you to recruit hot prospects in-season, as the title suggests.  The graphics have been relatively unchanged from last year, except for the fact that the heads have been pretty much "inflated" to a weird level. The collision detection bugs after the play seem to be gone, as I have seen none as of yet.   The Create-A-School, player, sign, etc. options remain unchanged from last year.   At the beginning of the game, NCAA takes a page from ESPN NFL 2K5 and has 3D renditions of Brad Nessler, Lee Corso, and Kirk Herbstreit. Unfortunately, these previews get repetitive really quick. Here's the basic skeleton of these intros: Brad introduces the broadcasting game, he adresses the weather, the home team comes out, the away team comes out, Brad makes his prediction, Kirk makes his prediction and his key player to watch for, Lee makes his prediction with some helmet or mascot head of the team he is favoring. I feel ashamed the way that they changed Lee from a person who made a decision based on the analysis of the game to a person who just puts on something and says "I'm favoring Team A!" If it was a way to try and make the situation of broadcasting the game looser and more relaxed, then it failed.  For the music, I am disappointed with this as well. From EA's view, it seems that all college football fans want to listen to is Punk Rock with a splash of Ska and Old-School Rap (One song each). As for the bands they chose, they have a nice blend of new and old tunes for you to listen to (the better songs are from De La Soul, The Pixies, and The Clash). And if you get sick of the EA Trax, here's a tip to all of the unknowing reviewers out there: THEY DO HAVE MARCHING BANDS IN THE GAME! If you want bands on the main menu, go to MY NCAA, Audio, and then change menu music from EA Trax to Bands. Personally, I like the fact that EA put new music in the game instead of listening to the bands which were fun in the beginning but got irritating later on in the gaming experience. The only thing I don't like is that it does not support custom soundtracks (Bummer. I would've liked a mix of EA Trax, my music burned onto the XBox, and marching bands).  In final, this is game that is pretty much a must own for any colege football fan out there. It simply is if you liked NCAA 2005, you will be very pleased with the new rendition of NCAA.     