 This isn't going to be another "suck up to the prestigious game and company" review so let me admit this to you off the bat. I don't like Electronic Arts. I have been getting very angry at the folks at EA over the past years. Angry at the shoddy software they continue to pile into the Xbox without the features that make it shine on the PS2 (Do I even have to say it) and also by the inaccurate gameplay it produces in its sports games! (NHL is becoming a joke-on-ice, NBA Live is looking more and more like a Jam imitado, NASCAR is potential gone to waste, and MLB is still lightyears behind the other games) the only game from EA sports I applaud is NCAA. Which is so good, that Sega pulled out of that race. So there is NO competition in that area and in NASCAR!  Even once I could say that EA put out a below average game in Madden but just stuck on the Madden Trademark and it turned junk into gold! But now, with the rise of ESPN, Madden is getting a run for it's money. I am going to love the 2005 wars! Pros: 1. Owner Mode enhances the Madden experience for hours and hours of gameplay! 2. The addition of training camp will also enhance the Franchise Experience. 3. Custom Soundtracks! Cons: 1. The EA Trax are poorly picked (in other terms, they stink except for a few) 2. Many Features still unimproved (playbooks, graphics, Madden Cards, etc.) 3. The Commentary is terrible! Whoever writes the dialogue for these guys should be run of of the country! (Unacceptable for a game that is named for a color commentator!) 4. The Secondary plays like the Steelers! (too many times there have been one-on-ones and the reciever has caught long gains, no matter how good the secondary!) bad secondary = FRUSTRATION! 5. The O-Line plays like the Texans! (see how hard it is to run up holes, then well talk!) 6. Still no online Play?! (I have heard that PS2 users have to pay another 10 dollars a month just for online play for Madden!) Final Verdict: It depends on what you think about the Madden franchise, if you love the EA franchise, I say go ahead and buy it. but if you are unsure about EA, just rent it and then decide     