 Being a veteran of the original mainstream release of NHL EHM and already trying the demo of the game, I knew what I was expecting when I purchased this game almost a year ago from some website I forget the name of. When I got the game, I was as excited as a giddy little schoolgirl who just received her first kiss. I immediately opened the package and installed the game. After hours of exploring the game in all of its majesty and the new features of the year, I got to work on managing my hometown team (the Pittsburgh Penguins) to Stanley Cup glory...  For those of you who don't know what EHM is or just want to read something, EHM is a text-based management sim developed by Sports Interactive (the creators of Football Manager. Some of you may know it as Championship Manager). For those of you who weren't paying attention, this is a text-based management sim. So don't go buying this game if you want to pull triple-back-around dekes with Jaromir Jagr or want to see how good Markus Naslund looks in a hockey uniform. If this is your view of a hockey game or hate long reviews, stop reading this review, for you will become bored... very bored. This game is for players who enjoy the Franchise aspect of EA's or SEGA's NHL Franchise Modes, but want a much better offering of the mode. If you are one of these people, keep reading...  For those of you who are still reading, EHM has all of the bells and whistles you'd expect from a Franchise Mode. You can trade players, sign free agents, control player movement to/from the minors, and draft young prospects that you feel will be good in the future. When you think of EHM, just think of this... and tons of other options and executions that will give you absolute power. In NHL EHM, you will start out a few days before training camp, which you can invite you top prospects and other free agents to camp to tryout for positions. You can claim players from the waiver wire to round out your minor loose ends on a team. You can take a peek at the upcoming draft class with ISS Scouting Rankings. You can inquire for players that you envy on other teams to see what that GM wants from the team. You can take a look at a "glorified depth chart" composed by your assistant manager called a team report. Your head coach can tell you your weaknesses at large... and this is just for your responsibilities as a GM.  You can also double up as a head coach as well, by not just editing lines and changing goaltenders. Some of these include but are not limited to: edit practice schedules and mentalities, hire personnel (from Head Coaches to Trainers), edit team tactics to best suit your team, warn players for bad play or missing practice, coach the games in person via 2-D snapshots, and even fire your head coach when the going gets tough. Of course, you could just let the AI do it for you.  And I haven't even mentioned that the NHL isn't the only playable league. Almost every playable league under the sun is available at your disposal. From playing as the NHLers of tomorrow in the WHL, OHL, and QMJHL to playing as the Elite players of Europe in the DEL, Elitserien, SM-Liiga, Russian Superleague and Czech Extraliga. You can even play as a GM of a minor league team (the AHL, ECHL, AAL-3, and AAL-4).  With all of these features, you would think that you would have hours upon hours of gameplay. This statement is true, but there could be even more hours of gameplay if it weren't for these blemishes. First off. You can't start out with a different scenario. You're stuck with starting out with the opening of the 2005-06 season (which isn't that bad, if you think about it). There is an option to play with "fake players", but they only change the names of the players in the league (it's obvious who Mark Henderson is when he's #66 for the Pittsburgh Penguins and plays like some kind of demi-god who gets injured a lot).  Another negative is with the regens (regens are players that develop after the first crop of young players are drafted into the NHL. See them first appear in 2008 or 2009) that pop up later in the game. The draft is supposed to be an unpredictable time where players like Luc Robitaille and Brett Hull drop to the later rounds because of the doubts of pro scouts. But in EHM, the draft is highly predictable, with the top superstars going early with a sprinkling of solid players in the 2nd and 3rd rounds and the 4th rounds and later being pretty useless. Sure, you'll get the occasional late round steal and a Top Ten pick bust here and there, but it doesn't happen as it does in real life. Granted, it's much better than last year, but EHM still has some work to do to perfect it. Also, the regens develop WAY too quickly. The average regen age of peak development is 18-20, as I have seen in the game. Sure, I would like to see a few Jason Bonsignores and Sidney Crosbys as much as the next stats freak, but when about 10-15 players draftees have the attributes of an All-Star player, it spoils the moment. Let me give you a hint about drafting... don't draft players with a speed less than 10. They can't take the NHL game because they're too slow.   Another negative that has popped up is that the NHL is a mess when it comes to player management. The AI is utterly stupid when managing players due to the salary cap. Don't be surprised to see good talent like John Madden and Paul Martin to end up n waivers just to get under the cap. Top NHL talent like Ilya Kovalchuk, Phil Kessel (known as David Dwyer in the game due to collegiate licensing issues), and Patrick Marleau will become restricted free agents and spend their entire careers rotting away in a European hockey league (mainly Sweden, Russia, or Germany), therefore making European leagues seem like an NHL itself. The AI also isn't the smartest coach either. The AI doesn't seem to know anything about line chemistry, practice regimens or tactical stratagem, as it will randomly generate different lines and tactics every game. This pretty much forces you to coach the games yourself, and if you're like me (who doesn't like to coach the games), you'll be bummed at the fact that you lose a good deal of games due to inept AI.  Don't come into this game expecting mind blowing sound and music either, since this game has no music and little sound to begin with. The sounds in the in-game is probably generic stock clips with average ditties for faceoffs. But considering that the original EHM had no sound to begin with, this is great progress. Make sure your IPod or Radio is loaded with music, for it will enhance the gaming experience anyhow.  -------------  Pros: 1. A stat freak's heaven.  2. So many options that it will give you absolute managing power (I probably forgot some things as well)!  3. More leagues (the AHL, ECHL, and DEL) added to a powerhouse stable of leagues.  4. Manage your team on a day-to-day basis!  5. Improved scouting gives you a better look at potential draftees and opponents.  Cons: 1. Starting with the same scenario every time can kill replayability.  2. GM and Coach AI is out of whack.  3. Regens are too predictable and develop way too quickly.  4. Playing a game with "Fake Players" is a sham (only difference between Fake and Real are the names).  5. Music is non-existent and sound isn't going to win an Oscar for best dound effects.  Final Verdict: Putting the regen and AI irks aside, this is a very solid game with potential to become even better for the 2007 version (due in early September, I think). Just be warned, this isn't for everyone. However, if you fit the mold this game is built for, prepare to have your life sucked from your soul and become a slave to this game.  If you are unsure whether or not to buy this game, go and visit the Sports Interactive website (I don't think I'm allowed to put weblinks up, so just google the developer) and post a question or two on the forums (unlike EA, the developers of the game actually listen and reply to inquiries) or download the six-month in-game demo. If I didn't answer everything about this game, these things will easily give you a better judging point of the game.  There, i'm done. Wasn't that "fun"?     