 I had rented this not knowing how good this would be. I had rented this out of the frustration of Madden's weak gameplay and unrealistic ratings and that there was nothing else there. When I came home, I popped in the CD, and I was hooked! And if all goes well in NFL 2K5 I could safely say that "I am no longer a slave to the EA corporation!" Pros: 1. Realistic Simulation of the game of football 2. First Person Football a smash hit (feel the game without breaking your bones and tearing up your ACL's) 3. ESPN License used to perfection (and the scary part is, It can go even deeper into the license) 4. The Crib is just what NFL 2K3 was missing, something to do outside the franchise mode (much cooler to go through a pimped-out house than a generic menu) 5. Progression of players much less erratic 6. The O-Line Blocks! See how it is much easier to run up the holes than in Madden! (Only on ESPN) 7. The Secondary Defends! There will be more battered balls and less one-on-ones where the reciever usually wins, meanwhile not having such a strict secondary so how CB's are picking off balls left and right (Makes you proud to have Champ Bailey!) 8. More Fluid Running in Players (more button mashing and players no longer run like mechs!) 9. Xbox Players can import their Crib music to to main menu. 10. E-Mail system makes it easier for gamers to cruise around the franchise mode Cons: 1. Franchise mode has done minimal to respond to Madden's Owner Mode (last year's Iron Curtain is this year's Achilles Heel) 2. False start is never called 3. Online play hasn't improved much as well (just tweaks, no major overhauls, but still a great experience) 4. Corners usually tend to tackle the reciever when the ball is in the air, and pass interference is never called except for some exceptions! 5. Tackles dont keep up with defensive ends when rushing for the QB in the Pocket 6. Some crib accompilshments are too easy to get (enter Franchise mode) while some are near impossible (0 total yards allowed the whole game?) 7. Cutscenes of fans and cheerleaders are good, but too generic  QUESTIONS: Do all cheerleaders have implants? Which move like stone? Wouldn't you have started out in apartment in a ghetto or skid row THEN move your way up to a pimped-out house? FINAL VERDICT: Buy it! if you are anti-EA, it is all the better to buy this game! I will guarantee you that you will play this game for hours on end!     