 My mother bought this for the family since it had to do with Karaoke and one could sing into a microphone and hear their voice out of the Television for all to admire or painfully listen through because they love you. And maybe do some of the many "options" available while you're at it. But the reason I liked this game is the option to import MP3's and WMA's onto the Xbox. Unfortunately, except for the importer, this game is a heedlessly made abnormality trying to make it on the karaoke scene. Be Warned: This game is NOTHING like the hit Karaoke Revolution on the PS2. In fact, it is not even close to it at all. Sadly, I am too late with this warning for consumers. So many of you are most likely disappointed with this game. But with the cheap genius that is Microsoft, they took out a page from a little game called Madden 2002. Where EA made very few changes to the game at all, yet they just put on the Madden trademark and they had turned trash into gold. Just substitute few changes to Windows-style eye candy and Madden trademark with an MP3 Importer, and you have a match made in heaven! And even worse than this is that people have bought this game and they will continue to buy this game only for the Importer. It is Sheer Madness!!!!  Pros: 1. The MP3 Importer (Finally fixes the infamous unreadable CD-RW problem on the Xbox)  2. Windows-Style Eye Candy (SO distracted)  Cons: 1. Windows-Style Eye Candy (SO hypnotizing)  2. Actual songs, but very cheesy versions of them (If we wanted this, we'd torture ourselves with Kidz Bop!!!)  3. Very Limited Video making capabilities.  4. Songs downloadable for $5 (like any poor sap would download them anyway?)  5. WIll cost more money for Peripherals for Importing (you first have to download the PC exporter off the internet (free), but the System link cable for connecting the two will cost you $30!)  6. And the worst sin of all for a Karaoke game: You can barely hear yourself out of the speakers!!!!!! Even with the mic set on the highest volume you still can barely hear yourself over the voices (hey, maybe they were saving the family members from certain torture) But as I said, Sheer Madness!!!!!  Final Verdict: The only reason you are ever going to come along this game in the future is for the MP3 importer and only for the MP3 Importer. This is NOT a party tool, that Abominaton that is named Big Rigs: Over the Road Racing is a better party tool than this (Okay, maybe i'm stretching it way too far, let's just leave it at Halo) But yes, If you have MP3's and you want to put them on the Xbox, this is your only option (makes me sad to say that.)     