 You know what really irks me about the recent exclusivity licenses given to EA (Football) and Take Two (Baseball)? It's the fact that the licenses had been taken away from the games I liked (NFL 2K5 and MVP Baseball) and got awarded to their statistically worse opponents, Madden and MLB 2K5 (at least in my mind they are). Sigh! At least MVP doesn't give a dismal, or even a decent performance in it's final show (for at least a while anyway), MVP stole the show and then burned the stage to the ground! I will be looking forward to the ending of the exclusive licensing of the MLB, since I will have this game to come back to when it ends...  Pros: 1. Owner Mode (Choose to be a George Steinbrenner or a Bud Selig with your franchise for 30 years!)  2. Better fan sound (very loud chants of LETS GO BUCS in my stadium... and I only have a 12,000 seating capacity!)  3. The A league farm teams are added to round out the minor league system (who doesn't want to be the Lynchburg Hillcats?)  4. Oodles and oodles of Unlockables (I haven't unlocked anything yet, but I hear that is is deeper than last year)  5. You can still manage a ball club long after your grandkids are dead in Dynasty Mode (it and Owner mode are two separate modes)  6. Mini-games to give that extra boost to a prospect or star player (in Dynasty or Owner Mode)  7. Common bugs from last year are fixed (progression is less erratic and Players develop into stars and the lefty bug is gane as well)  8. Hitting and pitching are a lot harder this year (realism)  9. Allows for 720p picture on a high definiton TV (If I had my Xbox hooked up to one, i'd still be ogling right now)  10. The Hitters eye (have an easier time hitting... It hasn't helped me though...)  11. Send the manager out and argue with the umpire!  12. Filters on the managers e-mail (no more spam!)  13. Online play  Cons: 1. Hitting and Pitching are a lot harder this year (frustration)  2. Hitter's eye (too hitting-oriented?)  3. The EA Trax stink (the Trax this year are all forgettable and at many times annoying songs from who-the-heck-is-this bands)  4. No custom soundtrack options (this has always irked me about EA. They have custom soundtrack options for titles such as Madden and NASCAR, but they do not have it for some of the other titles)  5. The commentary is basically recycled from last year and with no new dialogue  6. Curse the Vortex from the hitting mini-game... it makes the ball fly back beyond the foul line  7. Online play is just so-so  Final Verdict: Definite buy. This is probably going the be the last MVP title for a long time and even with the limited online options, the single-player modes will keep you busier for most likely longer than the actual MLB Season this year. I probably wouldn't be suprised if some people actually play MVP 2005 until the exclusive license agreement has ended... that's how addictive this game is.     