 When NASCAR Thunder 2003 came out, I thought I saw a game with serious potential to be as well known as Madden or NCAA, but this year, I am beginning to think that EA has put it on cruise control, realizing that this is the ONLY option on the Xbox Gameplay: This is what I am highly disappointed with. The gameplay from 2003 was good, but not great. And I was looking forward to the gameplay tweaks. But I was wrong. The physics many have complained about have gone from bad to worse. EA Sports overemphasized the "realistic" physics engine. So basically what I am trying to say is that it is much more difficult to master than last years version and if you are not racing in Daytona or Talladega, good luck. The physics engine will make you skid out of control if you go into a corner too fast. A good attempt to improve the game was the in-game rivalries in Career mode. Unfortunately, with the horrid physics, you will most likely do a lot of bumping + grinding with opponents, therefore making many enemies in the locker room, which means you will have an early exit in most races when your enemies come hunting you down. Career Mode: It practically remains unchanged from last year. But this isn't NHL 2003 were taking about here. Last year, it had one of the best career modes available. And I can accept that. There were a few tweaks to polish the overall performance. Like a guide to newcomers and the R+D has evolved letting you choose what you research. But I'll be looking for some improvements in this area next year. Graphics + Sound: These two things remain unchanged from 2003, but these were pretty good last year also so they dont have to worry about that, there are more teacks on the game, but these basically have to do with Alternative Rock, but if your not a fan of Alternative, this game does allow for custom CD's. Final Verdict: I am rather disappointed with this game, I was looking forward to a good game this year, but itll have to wait till 2005. If you are interested in 2004, rent it first. If you like it, then buy it. If not, there will probably be a 2003 version available for 20 bucks, so invest in that then.     