 When my brother's friend came over with this game, I didn't feel that this was a game to like, as I am not really interested in American military tactics. I know that is very unique in it's originality and presentation. But I never really fell in love with this game, even with all the hype that it had received before it's release, I dont like this game. Maybe it has to do with my strong disagreement with the war in Iraq, maybe it has to do with the mass influx of military games coming out since 9/11. Maybe it's the way they show Arabs as nothing more than terrorists, Maybe something else, but if it had come out 3 years ago, then it would've been a smash it to me, but it came with real bad timing in the video game release spectrum. Pros: 1. A very unique game in terms of play 2. Good voice acting 3. Frequent speech by soldiers (keeps you interested) 4. Free the peoples of Zekistan from the almighty clutch of dictator Mohammed Al-Afad 5. Solid Training mode (really helped me learn the aspects of the game) Cons: 1. Xbox Live play is severly limited (just co-op. nothing else) 2. Soldiers always miss the Zekes when their upper body is just sticking out there, I mean, you can fire at him from 50 feet away and you'll still miss (no hits at all, zoom in and you'll see) 3. Play is mostly repetitive (have one team divert the terrorist while the other team snakes around him and fires at him) 4. I would've expected the Zekes to be more in groups instead of being just one or two Zekes per sector. 5. More swearing in this game than a South Park episode (well, maybe not a South Park episode, but there is a lot of swearing in this game) 6. Why do all terrorists have to be Arabic? Hasn't anyone heard of the Tamil separatists in Sri Lanka? or even the Northern Ireland secession in Ireland? Terrorists are not only Arabs, you see.  7. Reminds me of a similar kind of escapade in some country I know of. 8. Never really got into the story and it's purpose (there is a mass grave in Chapter 5, but I felt nothing when I saw it) 9. Just too many military games coming out (WWII games and Tom Clancy games, anyone?) FINAL VERDICT:  I most likely think different than most of you, but I am getting very suspicious of the many games coming out that have to deal with the US Army and World War II. I'm not saying i'm Anti-American or a rebel, but i'm just expressing my opinions in the way I want to. And if you disapprove of my review to the point of pure outrage, just ignore it and move onto the next review (go ahead, nothing's stopping you) Besides this, I'd consider FSW a buy due to it's originality and uniqueness in the vigeo game world.     