 Here is what I know about ESPN NFL 2K5 as we speak right now. 1. The Live feature will be enhanced with leagues and tournaments, just like XSN Sports...until it folded. 2. The release date has been pushed back... pushed back as in it is being pushed back the good way (from September 2 to August 10 to now July 20!) 3. The Crib mode has been expanded to include more unlockable goodies than ever before. 4. There is a new VIP Mode where via memory card, you can play an arch rival of yours wihtout really playing him (you play his tactics and try to master them!) 5. First Person Football is back and it's better than ever! 6. ESPN NFL 2K5 has centered it's attention solely on the Xbox, therefore look for a major graphics boost on the Xbox! 7. The Sportscenter from ESPN NFL 2K4 has been vastly improved, giving us a 3D vision of Chris Berman (Tear!) 8. Suzy Kolber is also 3D, giving us interviews with the star player, I have seen an itnerview with Garrison Hearst on his star performance and it rocks! 9. Trey Wingo is in the game giving the injury reports for the week and Mel Kiper Jr. is in the game as well, giving us scouting reports from top draft picks for the next year (no 3D model though, bummer!) 10. Draft Picks have faces that are combined from the physical features of today's players! 11. The Halftime has been vastly improved as well, instead of screenshots in last years version, we now have streaming video of the best plays of the half! 12. Franchise has improved as well. Giving we, the people the power to manage our teams on a daily basis (have a pass-savvy team you're facing next week, send them to film to analyze the pass) 13. There is an ooption in the game as QB evade, where the QB , insead of just standing there helpless when the line is crumbling, you can use the QB evade to evade the defenders and throw the ball away. And last but not least... ITS A BUDGET TITLE!!!!! $20!!!!!!!  I recommend if you have not even played the game or resistant to change as a Madden fan, I still reccomend that you buy or at least rent the game, on the basis that it is only $20. And it could be the best $20 you have ever spent. (...) Enjoy!     