 Many of the previous reviews accurately sum up the overall setting and tone of Exalted, which is excellent. Anyone who has ever been a big fan of eastern legends and mythology, drawn out martial arts films (whether as campy as "The One" or as elegant and theatrical as "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon"), or the often explosive action of typical Japanese anime, can probably find something to appreciate here. Excellent guidelines are given for managing such over-the-top action, making sure that new Storytellers are well prepared for the sort of epic, Odyssean drama that this game lends itself to. For its rich (but not restrictive) background and thoroughly original take on the exagerrated, psuedo-superhero approach, this game is not without flaws. The highwire fights and rapid-fire action sequences tend to get bogged down by the ridiculous numbers of successes the average Exalted can accrue or lose (using a version of White Wolf's typical, but still effective, D10 rules). By the time you're done subtracting penalties and adding bonuses to a roll, the thrilling narrative you've just given for your heroic, elaborate attack has gotten a little stale. Also, Charms tend to be somewhat muddy. Rather than keeping it down to general archetypes, some Charms (the supernatural abilities of the Exalted) are painfully broad while others are exactingly specific, requiring incessant re-reading of the rulebook to remember what does what and making the otherwise fine Combo system (which allows players to string together multiple charms in devastating conjunction) painfully difficult to draw anything out in. Weapons are also dazingly complex, each with their own speed, variable damage, defensive values and what-have-you, but thankfully, these rules are not hard to omit if one desires a more high-speed game. All this is counterbalanced in the end, however, by the narrative freedom and vast, luxurious setting lent by the story. Although details are somewhat scant on certain groups or types of Exalted (leaving the average Storyteller perhaps a bit unsure of how to portray their machinations), everything is left open-ended enough to allow a Storyteller to sculpt whatever sort of world they desire, whether dark, gritty and political or just world-scouring action reminiscent of the Final Fantasy games or Lord of the Rings. If you like White Wolf's system but have gotten just a little tired of brooding and lamenting about the Beast, the apocalypse, or the nature of reality, the action-packed but surprisingly deep world of Exalted may just fit your bill.     