 For those who don't know, this book is the final publication for White Wolf's flagship RPG "Vampire: The Masquerade". "Gehenna" ties together all the last loose ends of the plotline of the previous publications, tying together all the ancient myths and disparate legends regarding Gehenna, the vampiric apocalypse, in which (in short) Caine, father of all vampires, and his Grandchilder will rise up to consume the world. The depth is substancially greater than this, of course, but I would hate to spoil the depths of plot available. Needless to say, it's difficult to custom-tailor such a story to a group, particularly one with different tastes, roles, histories and religious outlooks (the latter of which can seriously flavor any V:tM storyline). White Wolf has worked this through, providing several possible scenarios for Gehenna, all incorporating different elements of, and angles on, in-game history and metaplot. Possibilities are provided from divine and ultimate redemption in a "secret apocalypse" all the way up to the true and total end of the world. Though somewhat messily organized, even the most rigid of writers would have a difficult time getting a lasso around all this material, and Ari Marmell does a decent job of it. Though not all the plots will be to everyone's taste, and some might not enjoy any of them, all have at least -some- ideas that any Storyteller would be able to wring a great deal of personal horror out of. The amount of metaplot and canon knowledge required was surprisingly minimal, as I haven't shelled out an overwhelming amount of cash on peripheral materials. Whether you want the end to be a battered but optimistic upbeat or the orgiastic, carniverous, final irony of the human and Cainite races, this book should have something for you. Though at times messy, at others a bit tepid, and in most cases a bit unfortunately predictable, I still feel it would have been difficult to do a much better job. With a little Storyteller ingenuity, the end to all things could also become the story to end all stories.     