 There was another review here that I agreed with completely. How do you TRULY tell the story of Johnny Cash and June Carter in just 2 hours. Well.... you can't. So, you take an element of their life... like, their rise to fame, or their deaths, or their romance and you tell that story.   The makers of WALK THE LINE chose to tell the story of their romance and how it came about for them to finally marry each other. Which, in my opinion, was an excellent choice because that was the thing that defined them the most. It was the thing that drove them and made them who they were.  Joaquin Phoenix captured JOHNNY CASH amazingly. Honestly, while I was watching the movie, I didn't see Joaquin Phoenix... I saw Johnny Cash. If Jamie Foxx won the Oscar in 2005 for RAY, the Joaquin should be a shoe in for 2006. He was truly amazing and should have won previously for GLADIATOR anyway.  On the same note, Reese Witherspoon may have not captured the immitation like Joaquin did, but she captured the ESSENCE, the hesitation and Love that June had for Johnny and she is equally deserving to win.  The film brings to light the uncontrollable hold that love has on a soul and captured some truly wondeful moments of devotion, friendship, loneliness and that sometimes, everyone needs a helping hand to get out of an abyss.  Not to mention, captured some truly great musical performances. Joaquin Phoenix should get an oscar for the FOLSOM PRISON scene, ALONE!  This is a true gem of a film that demonstrates that Love is like a magnet, and June and Johnny's lives were always entertwined, they just took different roads.  The only reason why I don't give it 5 stars is that biopics are inheritantly boring and not as interesting as we assume the persons life actually was. We see a childhood story of hardship and death... the rise to fame... the drugs... the women... the crash... the recovery... the music... huh, Johnny Cash and Ray Charles led the same life...   It's a wonderful movie with OSCAR calibur performances, but the rock star life has been told before.     