 The best baseball game I've ever laid my hands on, but it still has a lot of improving to do.  Due to all the work that I think needs to be done.... it only gets 2 stars from me. For one, game play is difficult. But that's cool. Because that's realistic. Practice. Practice. Practice. A lot of things have been done well. The players come to the plate, and you can tell who they are by looking at their faces. The movements and throws are very realistic. The atmosphere is sharp. The game keeps track of league leaders and league stats. You have a realistic farm team to work with. Send guys down... bring guys up. The thing that thrills me the most is the franchise mode. Very cool. I liked playing PC games more than game system games for that very reason in the past... but times change.  Downfalls... AND THERE ARE A LOT!!  There are a lot of animation glitches. Outfielders will wait till the last second and then start to run and make an over-the-shoulder catch almost EVERYTIME. When stealing or outfielders throwing people out at bases, the way the tag looks means nothing. The animation is off. Players will tag the ground on the wrong side of the base and still call guys out. Walks are very rare. I think I've played 35 games and my pitchers maybe have 5 or 6 walks AS A TEAM (note: I just manage). I play in manager mode, because that's more fun for me. Yet, there is no way to pitch-out or pitch around. I get a two-strike count to somebody like Bonds or Sosa... you pitch around, yet there's no way to control that. The manual says L2 & R2 are pitch out and brush back, respectively. NOPE. They're both brush back pitches and brush backs usually make contact.  There is no way to do instant replay. There's an automatic instant replay after EVERY play (even pop ups), but there's no way to control it. You can only hit a button to skip it. Finally, and what I think is the most important, is there is no drama in the commentary. You'll crush a long enough to be a homerun down the line that might be.. could be... a homerun, but the computer instantly tells you... foul ball. Too many baseball games soup up the power numbers and I don't care for that.  I'm one of those guys that likes baseball exactly the way it is.  This game does that too, but from what I understand, not as bad as others. Oh, one more thing... the computer changes your lineup without your authorization.  You'll set it, start the game and find that the computer has rearrange things and even started other people.  This severely pisses me off. Despite all that, it's still the best baseball game I've seen.  There's A LOT of work to be done... but this is definately a step in the right direction.     