 Batman Begins is EVERYTHING that was the wrong with the previous series of Batman movies. It is dark. It is gritty. It has emotion and heart...  and most importantly, it rediscovers the DETECTIVE in Bruce Wayne aka Batman... something the original series COMPLETELY FORGOT and replaced with Hollywoodish one liners and sillyness.  BATMAN BEGINS takes the time to show you the man behind the mask. Why he became Batman? How the Batcave came about. It's exciting watching all the things unfold. The suit. The mask. The Batmobile. The wings. The grappling hooks. The story behind Alfred (Excellently played by Michael Caine). The back story behind the relationship between the future Commissioner Gordon who is now Detective Gordon.  Replaced is all the cartoony, goofy settings and bad guys and inserted is a dark gloomy world that lends to the reason why Bruce Wayne does what he does. Crime and corruption have gutted Gotham city from the inside out and he's on a mission to change the citys future.  The new Batman is not as KID friendly as the original series... but that is what I love about it. I'm not a kid anymore, and to be quite honest, I would have loved this as a kid anyway.  The Scarecrow is PHENOMINAL. Frightening scenes where he rears his ugly head. Tormenting the minds of his victims. Superb effects that made me say "Awesome" outloud in the theatre (not loud though... just enough where my girlfriend could hear me).  The only things I could possibly say negatively: Some of the fight scenes were hard to tell what was happening, because of the way it was shot (Too close), and even though I loved the early scenes in the movie, the setup, the introduction, the stories behind the mask and his tools... The movie was much more interesting once Bruce Wayne began to dawn the mask and fight crime... which wasn't till halfway or so.   Although this little catch has me wanting more when the credits roll because the movie ended in way that made me wish they were already shooting the second installment of the Batman series.  Which I can gladly say... HAS BEEN SAVED!!!!!!!     