 When I was a child, I remember seeing this cartoon on television and I loved it. Then I HAD to read the book and loved it too. I remember it being a catalyst for my widespread imagination and my desire to be a writer myself... along with Star Wars and Lord of the Rings.  Yet, maybe I'm jaded and old, but the movie didn't meet my expectation and desire to be taken back to that imaginary rich time of my life. It was good, but I guess I wish that the makers would have taken this as seriously as the makers of Lord of the Rings took their film. This was a hugely important story to me as a child, and I felt like it was missing something. Grandeur. Largeness. Emotional impact was just okay. It needed to be respected and fleshed out in its entirety. Added to. But more importantly, the world just didn't seem as grand and amazing as it did when I read the book.  To be fair though. My five-year-old daughter loved it and was actually brought to tears at the stone sacrifice scene. So, I guess I could see the emotional impact the story had on me when I was a child, through her.  The movie is good and the effects are PHENOMINAL! They really are. The animals are tremendous and realistic. The wolves are scary as I remembered them. I just wish when it was all said and done that I had more of a feeling that it was better than typical.  Was the movie a copy of dozens of movies from the past or are the dozens of movies from the past copies of the original book? I'm not sure. But, I just couldn't help thinking that the movie didn't really take me anywhere that I hadn't already been in movies previous to it. In fact, many scenes from the film seemed to mirror Lord of the Rings... and the ending seemed to mirror the ending of Star Wars.  Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the movie and my five-year-old loved the movie, possibly as much as I did when I was her age. But, to me, it fell short of my expectations and failed to truly capture the COMPLETE essence of Narnia. It just captured a little of it.     