 Andy Serkis hits it out of the park.   The ESCAPIST was actually filmed BEFORE the Lord of the Rings Trilogy and King Kong, where he became Peter Jackson's secret weapon, bringing GOLLUM and KING KONG to life. In the ESCAPIST he plays Ricky Barnes, a ruthless, heartless, cold-blooded killer. And he plays it with unabashed anger and passion. He pours himself into this character, demonstrating his skill as an actor, and making the audience fear what is going on behind those searing eyes.  Jonny Lee Miller too does a great job portraying Denis, the man who's pregnant wife was senselessly gunned-down by Serkis' Ricky Barnes. He's no hero. He's just a man. He's not a student of fighting arts. He's just a man who's dieing inside from the madness of the death of his wife and demons from within or telling him to do whatever it takes to make sure that her death is avenged. No matter what the cost.  His baby survives the shooting and is being cared for by Christine, played by the beautiful Jodhi May, who is either a friend or his sister... not sure. But, rather than settle into life with his daughter and Christine (if she's not his sister, that is), he decides to fake his own death by crashing his plane, committing juvenille crimes in order to be incarcerated and then committing more and more acts in order to get moved into the same prison as Ricky Barnes. Which isn't easy, seeing as though Barnes is in jail for murder and Denis is in jail for bashing in a police car with a baseball bat. They don't put vandals in jail with murderers... so he's gotta work his way up.  Yet, the prison sequences in the ESCAPIST are astounding and top notch and highly realistic. Almost makes you think that Johnny Lee Miller actually DID get himself thrown in prison.  Aside from the acting and the production and the realism, the movie is knocked down a couple of pegs by being one of the most reliant on COINCIDENCE movies I've seen in recent years. Not to mention, reliant on the audience relating to the hero in the film, making such a BAD BAD decision... JAIL or DAUGHTER... hmmm? JAIL or DAUGHTER + JODHI MAY??  Coincidences... bad guys son rides on the same bus to the prison with Christine, remembers the last name of the guy who put his dad in prison, mentions it to his dad gets an escape plan rolling. Bad guys plans an elaborate prison escape with timer explosives and run out to the runway of a no-escape island under the impression that a plane would be there... and of course there is. Somehow... Denis manages to get himself transfered to this maximum security, alcatraz type prison, despite just being a common thug. I could go on and on.  The point is, this IS A GOOD MOVIE, and I'm glad I watched it, but the COINCIDENCES (which I hate more than anything), made the movie just average to me. But, more than anything, I couldn't forgive the main character Denis for making such a really bad decision in the first place.  I won't remember the movie in a few weeks, but I think I will remember ANDY SERKIS' performance. So, there you go.     