 Before I get started, I have to say... I have no political affiliation. I vote independent. Both parties are so far gone from normal Americans, it's high time we removed them both.  That being said, this apparently is an important film, because people are talking and that is ultimately what every film hopes to achieve. Yet!! Remember something. Many of the antidotes and messages portrayed are products of keen editing and conjecture by a democrat. Films are illusions and Fahrenheit 9.11 is plain and simple propaganda.  Because President Bush sat thinking in front of a classroom of children after being told of the attack on New York. We're supposed to believe there is something wrong with that? What is he Superman? Supposed to spring up and run out of the room? CHILDREN!! Would any normal person not think about how to carefully walk this line sitting in front of a classroom of children?  Yet, the movie spins a different tale, VOICED OVER by Michael Moore who TELLS US what Bush is THINKING!!  Osama Bin Laden's family was flown out of the country despite all planes being grounded. What's the assumption here? How about looking at the real truth. Bin Laden's family denounced Osama long ago. They are peaceful people and after what happened, they feared for their lives, rightfully so. Besides, the FAA has since stated that there is no record of this flight or any other.  Bush knows the Bin Laden family. So what? Wealthy people like the Bushs, the Bin Ladens, the Kerrys and the rest of our politicians make up about 2% of the worlds population. Is it so shocking and scandalous that they know each other?  Politicians putting on makeup for the camera... uh... that's normal. Anybody who knows anything about T.V. would know that. Cheap shot.  Another cheap shot was showing the video of the people of Iraq, playing and shopping before the war. Awful? Yes. Sad? Yes. War is awful, but I'm sure you could have seen the very same thing in Germany before WW2.  Was removing Hitler wrong?  Is it wrong that security was guarding the Saudi Arabian embassy? Maybe if it were a tank, or a S.W.A.T. team, but one guy!!  Come on Michael!!  Documentaries in their truest form are UNBIASED and tell us stories with CAMERA, not with VOICE OVER. Moore took his video and talked over it, inputting his own biased democratic opinion.  Bush meeting with Al Queda before 9.11 is called a President's job. Presidents meet with all leaders and heads of states at various times for various reasons. Clinton had many cordial visits with Yassar Arafat, does that make him a member of Hamas?  Ever heard the phrase: "Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer"?  Michael Moore took stock video of Bush and others in these meeting and subjectively inserted his own words.  The best moments of the movie were when he let the camera speak for itself. Like when the politician admitted that they never read entire bills before passing them, or when he asked politicians about enlisting their sons. That's documentary film making!  Unfortunately, most of Fahrenheit 9.11 is Michael Moore voice over propaganda.  A true documentary would have also told the story of the Priest and his congregation that went to Iraq to protest before everything happened. When he got there, he was faced with an onslaught of Iraqi's who told him gruesome stories of the things that Saddam had done to the people of Iraq, and they wanted to know when we were coming to remove him. He promptly returned to the U.S. with a publicly changed mind.  Moore proved something though. The power of film is great. You can show images and voice over nearly an entire film with your opinions and many many people will believe everything you say.  In my opinion, treat 9.11 like today's biased network newscasts. Make sure you know which network your watching and don't believe everything you hear.  If you truly want to get a view of the FACTS behind Fahrenheit 9.11, watch it, but also watch FahrenHYPE 9.11. Another documentary that shows how much of Michael Moore's speel was based on lies and baseless information.   Finally, if any democrats came out of watching Fahrenheit 9.11 and thought that members of their own party were immune to the same shifty government practices and BIG MONEY favoritism, think again!  Both parties are guilty of these things and if you think otherwise... YOU'RE A FOOL.  I was sort of a fan of Michael Moore before 9.11. But, after watching this, I have lost all respect for him. He has ABUSED his power, disgraced our military and has at numerous times in this film, lied about things to suit his agenda, or maybe JUST DIDN'T DO HIS HOMEWORK, and that to me is irresponsible and unforgiveable.  Moore should be excited about one thing though, apparently Osama Bin Laden has now seen his movie... and has given it two thumbs up.     