 Domino Harvey! She was the daughter of a supermodel and legendary actor Laurence Harvey (Manchurian Candidate). She was given the life of a privileged girl, but was tomboyish and rebellious in nature. She was an unwilling sorority girl. Moonlighted as a runway model herself. She loved knives, shurikens and especially guns. But, more than anything, wanted to give back to the community and make it more peaceful and livable. She just wanted to help and to everyone's surprise, wanted to be a bounty hunter and not just any bounty hunter, but a bounty hunter in the most dangerous part of California. She wanted to go where the action was... so she says. A woman, who was so void of pride that she was shocked that somebody was interested in her life and wanted to make a movie about it. And a woman, who during the filming of the movie, at the highlight of her life, when she was excited about the production of her story, died suddenly of an unexpected heart attack in her bathtub.  Sounds like a great story, and it is. In fact, it's an incredible story. Sounds like a potentially great movie, and it should have been. You see, the above account of Domino Harvey's life is not included in the film. Instead, the creators of the movie DOMINO, decided to write up a FICTIONAL ACCOUNT that was based loosely on the life of Domino Harvey, basically telling the story of a female bounty hunter named Domino that is being questioned about missing millions from a job her and her partners were on.   The best part of the DVD is a 20-minute featurette that actually tells the TRUE story of Domino Harvey. Where she came from? Why she did what she did? Interviewed her mother, partners and friends, and told us how she led her life and how she left us too soon.  The movie, on the other hand, does none of this, and in my opinion, did the story of Domino Harvey, ZERO justice. That's an understatement. I'm being kind. In short, the makers of DOMINO dropped the ball, miscalculated horribly and unfortunately, took an INCREDIBLY PROMISING TRUE STORY and made one of the worst movies of the year.  The creators of DOMINO made a hyperactive, FICTIONALIZED, Pulp Fictionish, flash-image, MTV style, gritty, gratuitous, over-the-top action film that blows up buildings and throws severed arms as if they came from a Michael Bay film school, in an effort to appease the most immature of film viewers.   Besides, I don't know why Tony Scott insists on his herky-jerky MTVish, don't sit on a shot longer than 5 seconds, constantly dusk style of shooting. It is the same style that was used in MAN ON FIRE and G.I. JANE.  I didn't like it those movies and I like it even less here. It's disjoining, unappealing and confusing.   Not to mention, if you're trying to make something look realistic... this doesn't work.  Buster Keaton and Charlie Chaplin used to say that they didn't want edits when they did their stunts, because people would think that they weren't really doing it... and they were right.  In Domino... you get 10-15 edits a minute.  Domino Harvey's story is still worthy of being told, even though the creators of the movie DOMINO thought it would be better if they made up 90% of it. Hopefully someday, somebody will do her story justice, keep it real, and do a REAL MOVIE ABOUT HER LIFE, and not some story that was concocted by a Hollywood screenwriter who thought her story wasn't good enough.   Besides, her story is yet to be told...     