 There are two kinds of directors in Hollywood... well, at least for this comparison, but there are the PEOPLE WANT TO SEE EXPLOSIONS and DEATH directors and there are STORYTELLER directors. Spielberg is mostly a storyteller director and most of the time he finds JUST the right amount of EXPLOSION and DEATH to make him a cut above the rest.  This is a tough review because honestly, I'm a little older (36), so I have a taste for the classic movies, like the original WAR OF THE WORLDS (cheesy sci-fi classic) and the original Orson Welles Radio Broadcast that terrified the ENTIRE NAIVE COUNTRY in 1938. Although, I can't believe I'm gonna say it, but I think Spielberg actually missed some royal opportunities here and made a very disappointing movie.  Instead of trying to faithful to the original source and the original MOVIE, I believe that Spielberg would have faired better had he stuck to the ORIGINAL RADIO BROADCAST'S intent.  TO SCARE!  Some very effective and scary Aliens, along with some very effective movie moments were wasted with a script and a story that seemed to land in the mud at about the 2/3 point.  I was into the movie, enjoying the atmosphere, the cinematography, the acting and the frights and then the movie got really coincidental and fell to a screeching halt when Ray Ferrier (Tom Cruise) and and his daughter Rachel (Dakota Fanning), settled into the basement of a house with Democratic Activist Tim Robbins (sorry, everytime I see him now, that's all I see).  I'm not gonna go into specifics, but that's when the coincidences and cliche's start to flow like free water. When the aliens came into the basement, looking for their prey, I thought... I've seen this before... oh yeah... it was way too similar to the scene with the raptors from Jurassic Park... with the relexion and the mirror...  Then came the final thorn in the side... the INDEPENDENCE DAY ending. What?  The movie is called WAR of the worlds and there was very little war. There was actually a lot of hiding and getting lucky.  This is where I thought they should have deviated from the previous tales and GIVEN US SOMETHING NEW!! You're waiting for the SPIELBERGish extravaganza ending and it was more like a slow hissing gas leak.  I thought the movie was really really rushed and some mistakes were made. This could have been a classic. This could have been remembered along with some of the great sci-fi movies of the past, but some critical mistakes were made.   Now... uhh... I already forgot... what movie was I talking about?     