 I'm not a Resident Evil junkie. I played Veronica X and dabbled with one of the original ones on the original playstation, and that was about it. But Resident Evil 4 will blow you away.  First off, the graphics are fantastic! I bought this the other day and on my day off watching my newborn son, I decided to sit down and play for awhile. Yeah... Awhile was an understatement. My wife got home, asked what I did today and I had nothing... nothing to say except... Resident Evil 4 was fun.  This game will scare you. I don't care if you think it won't. It will. I think it's because it builds tension so well. You arrive in a remote community in search of the Presidents daughter and are quickly subdued into the carnage. After you explore the first house, you'll realize how cool of a game you are in.  You can slide a dresser in front of the door so people can't get it in. (This is a good idea). You can dive through windows to escape. You have new weapons and the controls are fluid... although you still can't RUN and SHOOT.  You can Run.... stop and shoot... but you can't run and shoot.  That is the only thing I can complain about.  I'm not gonna give plot away because half the fun is finding out all the twists that Resident Evil 4 has in store, but I will say... that this is unlike any Resident Evil 4 game you've ever played.  Gone is the stiffness of previous Resident Evil games. You have an open environment to explore. Explore how you choose. There are puzzles, but not overwhelming puzzles... this game is mostly about scares and violence.  Choose the right time to use your shotgun... sniper rifle with scope... rocket launcher... incideniary grenade... and of course the mystery weapon that I'm still working to get.  In Resident Evil 4, you also have to collect jewels so that you can buy goods from the merchant dealer who is a shady character himself. The first time he walks by a window when you're walking down the hallway and says something to you... you'll wonder if you should go or not.  Oh... and if you hear a chainsaw? RUN like hell. Seriously.  Great game! Fantastic! I can't wait till I can sit down and play it again.     