 Gameplay is RIGHT ON!!  Finally. This game is on the mark. My point of view is from legacy mode. Legacy mode is when you start out as a coach of a small school (I chose Western Illinois), and compete.   You scout your own high school talents. You visit them at home. You call them. They visit you. You are given scholarships to offer. You decide what your team will practice on. Offense. Defense. Shooting. Post play. All ON A DAILY BASIS!! If you decide to fly to New York to visit a player. You will be absent from practice for a couple of days, leaving your assistants in charge... or visa versa.  Gameplay is realistic as it comes. Shooting percentages ring true. Free throw shooting is realistic. Comes down to timing each individual shooters style of shooting.   I started out the season with a very tough schedule and I'm very good with ESPN COLLEGE HOOPS GAMES. Control are similar to previous games which I've owned. Right off the bat, I played the Iowa Hawkeyes... I hung with them for awhile... it was hard, but I did... it was close at halftime... but then my team ran out of gas and Iowa became very tough to stop.  VERY REALISTIC!!  As Western Illinois... I played the number 2 team in the country 2 games later... and lost badly... again... REALISTIC... 106-65.   As the season has gone along... I, as the head coach, decided my team needed much work on defense... therefore, I garnered my practices as such. I work extra hard on defense... and to my much impressed surprise... my team improved in that area.  I started off the season 2-6... then 4-8... and have won 11 straight to finish off the season 15-8.  This game rocks!! If you like realism in your college basketball game... this one is it!! Hands down. And belive me... I've been searching for this very thing.   You feel like a coach, and in my point of view... you feel like an underdog when you're Western Illinois.  Not to mention... look at the price!!  Snatch this up and don't listen to these kids who are criticizing really dumb things. By the way... the announcing is very good. Sometimes it is off, a little, but other times they say some really cool and insightful things, sometimes even making you go... "Wow. It's as if this announcer is really watching my game.  UPDATE: A couple of flaws I've noticed is that the officiating is very anger inducing. They'll call charging on you when the guy is obviously running right along side you. You'll go up to shoot and the ball will be blocked out of bounds by a defender... and it's called out of bounds on YOU!! Everytime.   These are small errors. They'll make you angry... but what official doesn't.     