 I normally would withhold a 5 star rating for a classic like REAR WINDOW or BRAVEHEART... something of that calibur.  But, for what REPLIKATE is.... it deserves 5 stars.  And what it is, is a movie that didn't get a sliver of recognition, a sliver of publicity and holds more bust out laughs than any movie of recent that I can remember.   I gathered my brothers and sister around the other day and told them that they had to see this movie that nobody had heard about.  I had already watched it 4 times and was prepared to watch it again.  My sister was ready to go home, but instead we all gathered around and laughed our butts off. Contemporary comedies are all trying to capture the laughs that movies like CADDYSHACK, AIRPLANE and BLAZING SADDLES received, but most of them fail because of one reason: they're afraid to offend anybody.  By the time movies hit the screen, the EXECS have cut out all the funny stuff in order to be politically correct and not hurt people's feelings.  Well, in a way, that's why REPLIKATE works so well.  Because nobody cared about it, and it went straight to video, THEY ACTUALLY LEFT THE FUNNY STUFF IN! The movie is a cross between AMERICAN PIE, REAL GENIUS and WEIRD SCIENCE, and funnier then all three.  Lots of gender and sex jokes.  The best way to describe it is to say that it feels like a movie made by the writers of MAXIM or STUFF magazine.  Believe me, if you can find a copy of it, watch it, you won't be disappointed. Also, and the most important point to make is that I never really had an opinion about Ali Landry before REPLIKATE, but after watching it, I think she's a hoot.  On the surface, this girl is BEAUTIFUL, but underneath, she's good.  Really good.  She had to have a lot of charm and charisma to pull this off and she was overflowing with it.  You'll fall in love with her... both of her. It's unfortunate that a lot of people aren't going to see this gem of a comedy and miss the performance that she gives, but I think and hope that ALI LANDRY has a long career, and someday does something big. By the end of the movie, you'll be saying "I WANT ONE".  HA HA     