 Inevitably, the real story of the movie HAVOC is the dramatic turn for Anne Hathaway from Disney poster child to sexually agressive gangsta chick. Many have criticized the poor girl for this dramatic turn... but you know what... there are a lot of things that seperate the successful from the forgotten in Hollywood... but ONE MAJOR THING IS GUTS! With Havoc, Anne proves that she is overflowing with it.  Many other women have taken this turn in the past, and probably have had to listen to the same criticizisms... just to list a couple... Jane Seymour and more importantly, another former Disney childstar named JODIE FOSTER... who has done alright for herself too, by making BOLD and GUTSY decisions herself.  In Havoc, she is a completely different person and she really gets to act out and flesh out a character with bite, vive and sexual curiosity that made get her in deeper than she really is ready for.  I give this movie 4 stars, because to me, this movie is more about Anne Hathaway taking an aggressive step with her career than the movie itself. Her first big step landed her in BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN... the most critically acclaimed film of the year. SEE YOU AT THE OSCARS ANNE.  Okay, the movie...  The movie is okay, but not much more than that. It's basically about a couple of bored upperclass white sociallites who are unable to resist the bad boys. Their sexual curiosity seems to pull them towards a very dangerous drug dealing and murdering latino gang. How far will they go to satisfy their curiosity?   The performances are good, but there was one very very very important thing that ruined the movie for me. And 'no' it isn't because of the scene with Anne Hathaway. But, the gang leader, Hector (Played well by Freddy Rodriquez), is too soft.   From what I understand, this movie is not so far fetched. These things are actually happening in L.A. Yet, it's the Latino gangs who are KIDNAPPING white women and abusing them against their wills. Yet, in Havoc, the white women COME TO THEM and I felt like the way his character fleshed out was unrealistic and took away from the point of the movie.  In my opinion, the movie had a great premise, but didn't deliver where it should have, and I don't fault the actors, I fault the direction. Tension could have been fleshed out more. The fear and the danger of gang life could have been fleshed out more. Because of these things, the movie is only a 2 star movie.  On the other hand, Anne Hathaway proved that she can become a completely different character and proved that she's gonna be an actor that's gonna be around for time to come. Not to mention, increased her drool factor. That's why I give the movie as a whole 4 stars.     