 The Harry Potter series reaches a very promising and exciting new level of quality entertainment.  I've grown accustom to the moments in the Harry Potter movies that I don't really understand, because they probably explained themselves better in the books... which I haven't read... and probably should. Okay, so they just used an old BOOT to travel to this festival in the middle of a field... I've learned to accept and move on... don't think to much about it... just enjoy. That's the key.  Sorcerer's Stone was refreshing and exciting to see such a fantasy unfold on film. Movies like this are what FILM is all about. Chamber of Secrets kept with the story. Wasn't incredible, but was AS GOOD as Stone.... but PRISONER OF AZKABAN, lost me... and was my first clue to the fact that there was a lot going on in the books that was just being grazed over, mention, unexplained and unexplored in the films.  PRISONER was... well, not so good, Random events, no structure and not a very interesting story. I could only hope that GOBLET OF FIRE would change that... and turn the series in a proper direction... and it did.  GOBLET OF FIRE is a true adventure and it had a nice, set STRUCTURE that made it a worthy film and told a worthy story, although an unfinished story, but a worthy one. The previous films were like the STAR WARS series... in a sense that... they just weren't as good... UNTIL DARTH VADER entered the picture. Once DARTH VADER came and there was A REAL AND PRESENT DANGER, the series became interesting... again.  The same goes for the HARRY POTTER movies... without LORD VOLDERMORT, it just isn't AS INTERESTING.  Well... he's back... and unfortunately we only get a small dose of his power and danger. Which makes the wait for film #5, that much more anxious. Which is my only complaint about the film.   GOBLET OF FIRE is an outstanding film that challenges the imagination with scares, excitement, dragons, mazes, deceit, heroism and real danger which always make everything more interesting. Yet, I'll only give it 4 stars because they keep frickin' teasing us! Stop with the teasin' and give us VOLDERMORT! Stop with the teasin'. Am I wrong... or is the most drawn out story in the history of STORIES!   Good movie.     