 Actually, I sort of wanted to give this 4 stars... but maybe that's too much... 3 1/2 would be appropriate.  It's a better than average action movie.  Would I have been disappointed had I paid to go see this at the movie theatre?  Yes.  But, I'm disappointed at about 95% of movies I go see at the movie theatres these days.  Was I disappointed when I rented it and watched at my home the other night with my surround sound and big TV?  No. Not at all. In fact, I was rather satisfied with it.  The movie is primarily spent in the air, with 3 elite pilots used for special missions, who've been together and trained together for awhile.  Now, though, they are being joined by a new, revolutionary and experimental new plane that is pilot free and has an evolving computer brain that learns, reacts and has a few glitches... especially after being hit by lightning.  The movie is great for a night at home. The special effects are phenominal and breathtaking and dare I say, pretty darn cool. I compare this movie to the reason why WALKER TEXAS RANGER was such a hit. No, it didn't require a lot of thinking, but on friday night, after a weeks work, people wanted to see other people (especially bad people) getting their butts kicked.   STEALTH doesn't require a lot of thinking and it delivers some pretty cool things.  On the bad side, the coincidences and TOP GUN comparisons wear thin pretty fast. Why did they take the beach resort trip in the middle of the film? The only reason I can see, is so they could put JESSICA BIEL in a bikini. No complains here, but bad scripting.  Lets take a test flight to see how the robotic plane works... oh, what a coincidence... a national incident has occured and you must go NOW!  The movie is thin, I won't deny that. It won't go into any cool lists a few years from now. It won't be remember past November most likely, but if you just want to watch something on a friday night, don't want to think too much and you want to see some decently choreographed flight and battle sequences... then check STEALTH out.     