 I wanted to give this 2 stars but there were SOME things I liked about it.  This movie has received so much praise since it came out and I'm a little curious about it. Why? Is it because the movies that were made this year were mostly bad and mostly remakes and unoriginal. Probably.   The truth is, in my opinion, that the movie is basically the same as the original with a few exception. This one is more true to the book... including the scene about where the Oompa Loompa's came from and how they came to be workers at Wonkas factory and showing more of the Wonka and Charlie relationship after the day long adventure in the chocolate factory. We get to meet Wonka's father and find out why he became so obsessed with candy. This is why I liked the movie.  I didn't like the movie because it was the same as the original except longer... with the added scenes. Everything played out the same... like a horror movie... one kid down... two kids down... three kids down... etc. etc. etc.  The original Willie Wonka was a classic and Gene Wilder played the character with sadness, madness, wildness, sass, sarcasm and mystery. Johnny Depp didn't really do any of this... maybe sadness and then he added creepiness. I think that was the main thing I missed from the original. You loved Gene Wilder's Wonka because he was funny and sarcastic and quick-witted. Johnny Depp's Wonka was like... well... sort of sarcastic, but creepy and spoke pretty much the exact same way that Depp did in EDWARD SCISSORHANDS... with a mousy squeaky voice.  I missed Gene Wilder's sarcastic and unenthusiastic, "oh no. what are we gonna do? How will we ever go on without him?" as Augustus Gloop tried to swim in his river of chocolate.  I also missed the Oompa Loompa song. Wow. That song was such a fixture in my memory. "Oompa Loompa... oompadeedoo..." The new songs...??? I couldn't remember them right now if you payed me. Sorry Danny Elfman. You're fantastic... but you can't mess with a classic.  Charlie and the Chocolate factory in a lot of ways is better than the original, but the original was so perfect in so many ways... it will always be the better movie to me. Had the original been more fairy tale and included the missing scenes that Charlie and the Chocolate factory included... there would have been no need to remake it...  ...I got another riddle for you... Why do they remake classics like this... when they can remake one of the many potentially good movies that were a boo hiss?     