 I was devastated after watching this film. Why? How? What do I have to do to get the scripts that I've written to film?  I've been writing for a few years now and constantly my scripts are ripped apart for minor illogical incidents. Yet, nothing as ridiculous and riddled as MALEVOLENCE.  AND THIS MOVIE HAS WON AWARDS!!  Where do I go? Where do I sign? How can I get my script turned into a movie?  Wow. Where do I start? First of all. MALEVOLENCE is Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Friday the 13th, Halloween, Psyco, House of Wax, etc. etc. I don't mean, it's like them, it is them. The stories. The camera shots. The music. Complete rip-offs. You will see absolutely nothing new by watching Malevolence.  I understand that this is a first film by the director and the actors, but the acting is so over-delivered by everyone. Horrible scripting.  An argument before a bank robbery over the fact that the girl wanted a Snow White mask instead of the Werewolf mask. Completely unnecessary. An argument in a script to get across that the people are wearing characters masks... is not needed when you can see it visually.  A mother and her daughter are abducted and despite the fact that the daughter is able to wiggle from her restraints and run free, the mother can't. Yet, the mother, after watching her daughter run away being chased by a murderer and watching a brutal murder... she is apparently narcoleptic because she manages to SLEEP! Soundly... numerous times.  She also manages to wiggle her way into a closed closet, despite having her hands tied behind her back.  The mother knows there is a crazed knife wielding murderer out there and her daughter is missing, yet she never gets emotional until she finds her daughters shoe.  Then, she whimpers, for a second and they cut to the next shot and she's fine again.  Oh, of course, the knife wielding murderer slaughters everyone he comes in contact with, but of course he decides only to restrain the ONE guy who can save the day.  Just because you turn the music up really loud every time GUNNYSACK face appears in the woods, doesn't make it scary.  Neither is a wall display of bones and a large animal head. Which is never explained... I might add.  Our killer is a major weeney who gets cold-cocked by a 12 year old girl and knocked out by a chair to... HIS BACK?  At the end of the film, the camera is set on a close up of 2 officers who says things to elude that they are looking upon a devastatingly huge amount of corpses and the numerous amount of missing person cases to be solved... and the camera pulls out to show 7 bodies. An 8th is brought out.  I'm sorry. Lately I've been really upset at the weak quality of movies that we are being subjected to. There are so much better scripts and movies to be made out there and the studios aren't looking past themselves and their friends and it's appalling.   There are many many many writers out there with original ideas and far better scripts. PLEASE STUDIOS... look harder!! FIND THESE PEOPLE AND QUIT CHEATING US with run of the mill trash.     