 I rented this to see whether I wanted to buy it or not. I've been looking for a REALLY GOOD MANAGER SIMULATOR and I thought I had found it.  This is a great improvement on the previous MLB 2006 title. The show is a phenominal game. It really is. For once. A gamemaker managed to capture a little bit of realism.  The pitching is solid. The games aren't overwhelmed with swing swing swing... there ARE ACTUALLY WALKS!! The method of location on your pitching is very accurate because it isn't an exact science. The pitch CAN STRAY from where you're aiming... but this also can be controlled. The pitch location is a sensitive thing... JUST LIKE IN REAL LIFE. Because when you're facing an Albert Pujols or a Alex Rodriquez... one or two inches here or there can make the difference between a HOMERUN and a Strike out.  The game has tremendous graphics, all the way down to the outfield losing the ball in the glaring sun.  The biggest selling point for me was that the makers of MLB 06: The Show... brought back MANAGEMENT. Yet, you can turn it off in the menus. You can also turn franchise elements like... stadium upkeep, advertising, contracts and $$$ distribution to computer, which I like.  $$ is the very thing that is taking the fun out of baseball, why would I want it in my game... Thankfully, you can leave this stuff to the computer and get to the coaching. You can step back and just let your guy play without interfering, or you can give him the take sign, or have the character shift your fielders, pull in for an expected bunt, steal, hit & run, have your pitcher pitch around, pitch aggressive, pitch in, down or out etc.  The only thing I would suggest to improve this is to be able to send in a PITCH TYPE to your pitcher. Yet, it is pretty accurate that MAJOR LEAGUE catchers mostly do this themselves.  I played this for a few hours, played through the first 3 or 4 games of the preseason, loved being able to go to the mound, get the bullpen going, make changes, pinch-hit, steal, etc. etc.   I was SOLD. I had finally found a game that met all my needs. I JUST WANTED TO COACH. So many times I sit at home and watch game situations where I would have done something different, and THIS GAME IS MY CHANCE to see if my moves would work... and then...  Nobody out in the 7th inning, trailing 5-2... I pinch hit, got a single and David Eckstein came up... with a 2-1 hitters count, I went to give him the hit-and-run signal...   AND THE GAME LOCKED UP!!!!! AWWW!!! NO!!! You're kidding me.   I mean, I had literally already checked my finances to see if I could afford to go ahead and buy the game and... well... I'll guess I'll have to wait EVEN LONGER for my LONG AWAITED MANAGER SIMULATOR. I thought this was it, but game lockups are like dragging fingernails on a chalkboard.  Makes me wonder if anybody will ever make one worth buying.  I loved the game, but be warned of the lockups.     