 KING KONG is a great game for a lot of reasons. It is tremendous fun for a lot of reasons. There are a handful of flaws, but the goods outweigh the bads overwhelmingly.  First off, the animation is fantastic. The first time you see the T-Rex coming after you, you'll stand and watch in amazement before you realize that you should be running your butt off because you're about to get eaten... and I did.  Not to mention the first time you see Kong emerge from the trees and rip Anne Darrow from the vine pedastal. Awesome! And as you run after him... chasing him through the jungle and see him off in the distance moving through the trees and there's no way you can catch him... cool.  There are numerous times in this game when you'll jump because the attacks are realistic, fast and ferocious. Another great thing about King Kong is the life meter... there is none. I like this. You don't have life packs or health kits... you have to be smart and run... or find a cave that the T-Rex can't get into or a rock formation.  As you get bitten or hit... you'll feel it in your remote... the music will change... you'll realize you're dieing and better fight to wield off your attacker, run or accept your fate.  The bads... the dialogue or the storyline is different than the movie and it is very straight-forward and somewhat corny. Also, Anne Darrow aka Naomi Watts is WAY TOO BRAVE!! Here you are running along thinking you're supposed to be protecting her and she is running ahead of you... yelling 'come on' and running head long into a bed of monsters unarmed... then expecting you to save her... frickin' women.  Finally, I've only controlled Kong once... I'm still in the middle of playing... but although the controls are cool... you can beat your chest and let out a roar, swing... swat... rip... catch and bite the heads off of bats... you can do everything you possibly want to... which is awesome! But, the game sort of had a path that Kong HAD TO GO IN... because that was the way it was written... so I kept getting stuck because it looked like I could swing or jump somewhere, but I was supposed to go somewhere else.  Otherwise! This game is tremendous fun! I can't wait until I get to New York City and see what happens there!     