 Rarely am I affected by a movie these days like I was with THE CHUMSCRUBBER. Have you ever felt like you were talking and nobody was listening? Have you ever nodded your head as somebody told you a story, despite the fact that you were off on some other mind-induced adventure? We all walk through our lives with blinders on and single-minded self-indulgent goals and CHUMSCRUBBER explores this to the fullest.  After watching about 40 minutes of CHUMSCRUBBER, I felt myself getting frustrated and angry at the endless circle of things that... if only communicated... would have and could have been corrected in this movie. Not unlike the real world, everybody is off in their own worlds, not listening to the people around them. Only concerned about Me, Myself & I. The characters on film wouldn't be in near the mess they were if they just stopped and listened and communicated. The people wouldn't be feeling near the inner pain they were feeling.   I caught myself not liking the movie for making me feel this way. But then I smacked myself, understood why they did this and respected the movie for getting this emotion across. I believe that my initial reaction was due to the fact my movie watching brain has been watered down over the years with movies that DON'T MAKE ME FEEL ANYTHING. CHUMSCRUBBER reminds me what movies could and should do everytime.  Jamie Bell plays Dean, a suburban kid who's a little off the beaten path, and after finding his best friend hanging from his bedroom ceiling, walks away from the scene without telling a soul and in essence bottles up the emotions that he's feeling. Thus establishing an on-going theme that carries throughout the film in nearly all of its characters.  Dean's father, played by William Fichtner, a psychologist, prescribes drugs to his son instead of listen to him. His brother plays video games all day, off in his own little world and ends up doing something as a joke that nearly gets somebody killed. A young couple are so wrapped up in their wedding plans, that they don't realize their kid has been kidnapped for two days. The town sheriff laughs and mocks Dean as he tells him the elaborate story about the kidnapped kid, not knowing that the kidnapped kid is his own son. The suicide victim's mother struggles with her sanity because she didn't know her son.  All this to make a very worthy and poignant statement about listening, communicating and the downfalls of self-importance.  CHUMSCRUBBER is a fantastic little movie that grabs you and pulls emotions out of its pocket that will have you glued to its characters and their self important worlds.   My only gripe is that there was a very odd and unnecessary video game, montage, here's where they are now ending that took away from the most powerful scene of the movie... when Dean confronts his emotions at his best friends memorial with his best friends mother, played by a phenominal GLEN CLOSE.   For the first time in the movie, someone spoke, someone actually spoke and shared, and communicated and it made things all better.  A very worthy point to top off a very worthy film.     