 For someone who has never seen the musical performed live, I watched this movie and couldn't help thinking that something, and something VERY IMPORTANT was missing. The personality. The depth of the characters.   The movie jumped from song to song and there was no character building. The jist of RENT is to show the year in the life of Bohemians in the East Village of New York City struggling with life, love and AIDS, and the impacts they have on America. Yet, I couldn't help thinking that we really and truly didn't get to know these people. And... IMPACT on AMERICA?? I haven't the slightest clue.  Is it the filmmakers fault? Not sure. Probably not. I just think that there is SO MUCH MATERIAL HERE that gets portrayed in a stage play that was absolutely impossible to portray in a 2 hour movie.   The music is phenominal. The spirit of the film is there. The film opens up with the cast singing the wonderful song SEASON OF LOVE, and to me, from that point on, it became a hyperactive jump from one plot point to the next and never slowed down to actually let you know these people.  Adam Pascal plays Roger Davis, a former rocker, that is scarred because a former love of his life killed herself with drugs, which we see in brief flashbacks. Rosario Dawson plays Mimi Marquez who sings one of the coolest songs in the movie OUT TONIGHT. She, apparently has a problem with drugs too, but I never got the gist of that until they found her on the street dieing. Apparently, they all have AIDS, but I didn't understand that Roger and Mimi did until they went to the meeting, which they had been avoiding.   Wilson Jermaine Heredia plays a convincing drag queen named Angel Dumott Schunard. His funeral, which is supposed to be a big emotional moment of the movie, went right over my head. The reason? There was just too much ground to cover, too many stories to tell, too many characters to get to know, that we didn't get to know ANY OF THEM.  I could go on about the things in this movie, but it's just that everything was too vague and unexplored. Later in the movie, Roger decides he's leaving to go to Sante Fe. Apparently, a big deal. Everyone is sad and depressed because of this... they show about a 5 minute MTV clip of him walking through a desert singing and he's back home and everybody is SO EXCITED!  The movie wasn't bad for me because the music was bad, the music was awesome... in fact, just buy the CD... the movie was bad for me because all of the emotional impact things, the moments that will make you understand the characters and understand the troubles that they are going through are so VAGUE and UNEXPLORED, I had little to no interest in the film at all.     