 Don't get me wrong, I LOVE C.S.I., the production value is setting a new standard for television of the future. The fifth season is highlighted with some truly phenominal episodes, including the phenominal 2 part finale "Grave Danger".   Yet, I'm a little put off by the mentality of the CBS network. They tend to cater to the short-attention span audience... as is, you can miss 3 or 4 episodes, come back a few weeks later and sit down and pick right up with C.S.I., or pretty much anything else on the network. They keep ongoing stories to a bare minimum. You don't really get to know the characters as well as you might on other shows like Veronica Mars, Lost or even X-files for that matter.  In reality, C.S.I., is just a MURDER SHE WROTE for the 21st century. It's the same show... with hipper graphics, special effects, a younger, hipper cast and improved technology. Every week, there's a murder, an investigation begins... suspects are presented and the murder is... SOLVED!! EVERY WEEK!!  Wow. I only wish that were true in real life.  I always used to joke... Angela Landsbury comes to your town... don't commit a murder, man... she's gonna solve it! Same goes with C.S.I. Yeah, it's Vegas, but man, if the forensic team were really this darn good... crime would be non-existent in that town... and in Miami, and in New York.   Not to mention... have you ever heard of so many murderers and drug dealers and arsonists... just folding in and telling the interrogators EVERYTHING. OH, YOU GOT ME!! Here's a detailed description of how I did it... as if you don't already know already you super sleuth.   Don't get me wrong... I love C.S.I. William Peterson is one of my favorite actors. Always has been. Ever since he blew me away in TO LIVE AND DIE IN L.A.  The show is unreal good. Great stories (Some times a little far fetched). Great writing. Great acting.  But just look at CBS. All of their shows are the SAME. They are all formulaic. Mystery/suspects/solved... each week.  CSI, COLD CASE, NUMBERS, WITHOUT A TRACE, CSI MIAMI, CSI NEW YORK, CRIMINAL MINDS, NCIS... even GHOST WHISPERER. They are all the same. In one hand, very real, with intelligence and elaborate dilemmas, but in the other hand, very unrealistic when the crimes are solved so swiftly and formulaicly.   CSI just needs to take a lesson from another great show like VERONICA MARS. A show that took a mystery and treated it real, with complications and misdirection and COVER UP that doesn't solve itself in a week. Then, it will truly be appointment Television for me.     