 I'm not sure who the reviewers are that are raving about how hilarious this movie is, but I can be certain that they haven't TRULY seen a good comedy yet.  Maybe their young and haven't checked out previous comedies that actually ARE FUNNY. Like Trading Places, Coming to America, Caddy Shack, Bachelor Party, Dumb and Dumber, FAST TIMES or if you want an example of the WAYANS' at their funniest... rent I'M GONNA GET YOU SUCKA'.  NOW THAT'S FUNNY.  WHITE CHICKS is not only the Wayans' worst movie, it's the worst comedy I've seen in a long time.  Sorry... but I don't find fart jokes funny anymore, or obnoxious girls shrilling about going shopping, or of course you have the SEEN IT A THOUSAND TIMES BEFORE dance off scene where the Albino white chicks whip out moves from the old school and everybody oohss and aaahhhs... or the guy as girl in the women's dressing room... oh... and just because you whip out a dildo in a scene and start flopping it around, doesn't make the scene funny.  What is going on? This movie made me laugh... ONCE. The scene in the car when the big strong Latrell Spencer, played by Terry Crews, started singing the pop song and moving his head to the music...  HOW ARE THESE MOVIES GETTING MADE? Is there even a screening process anymore? Who's in charge? 12-year old boys? 45 year-old men in suits who act like 12-year old boys?   The comedy and the story are complete cookie-cutter trash. Ridiculous. Predictable. Run of the mill and when the credits roll... I said... so what, and thank god...   Not to mention, you have to suspend belief for the entire movie that these Albino Wayans' look anything remotely like the 2 girls their supposed to be.  Maybe the Wayans should have actually produced the original screenplay's concept that rumor says they STOLE from a unknown screenwriter and skewed it into this mess.  Maybe Hollywood should stop doing favors for already established Hollywood hacks who steal material because their out of ideas and start looking harder and elsewhere to produce things that are actually funny... instead of trash like this.     