 Why do all of these superhero movies have to spend so much time establishing CHARACTER!!!  These comics have been around for years!!  Get to the action already!!  That, in my opinion, is what is inheritantly wrong with Fantastic Four. The sequence early on, where the 5 characters are given their powers is fantastic, but then the movie spends the next hour and ten minutes exploring what they can do.   GET TO THE MEAT ALREADY! Get to the action!! Yawn... show us ONCE what they can do... and get on with it!! We know anyway! We knew coming into the theatre.  And if you disagree with my view, consider that EVEN ONE OF THE STARS was disappointed that they didn't get to do all that much because they were setting up the characters the entire time. He was hoping there was a sequel so they could actually get to do some things... so??  Am I wrong?  I hope there's a sequel too! At least they won't have to establish character again... I don't think?  Or maybe they will, thinking that people missed the first movie... dear lord, it's a vicious circle.  Okay, so Reed Richards is really stretchy and they demonstrate that by having him catch a falling glass, unlock a door and looky really droopy in a mirror. Exciting stuff. Sue Storm can make herself invisible and they find equally exciting ways to demonstrate this. Ben Grimm becomes the Thing, a human rock, and he runs around accidentally knocking stuff over, accidentally breaking doors and crushing buttons. Johnny Storm becomes the human torch and until the end of the movie... he only used his powers to fight... well... no... to fly around a motorcross event and to fight... no... he flies more... well... I guess he has a little 'tiff' with his good buddy, the Thing. Does that count as a fight?  FANTASTIC FOUR lacks emotions and you never really feel any REAL DANGER in this movie. Dr. Doom is a VERY VERY small part. Toward the end of the movie... he just decides that he wants to destroy the Fantastic Four and the battle is on.... a very short battle I might add.  I'm not saying you shouldn't set up these characters and say how they came about.... but dear lord... don't spend 2/3 of the movie doing that!  The effects were good, but the screenplay was a complete disaster. Many of the special effects scenes were basically just showing off what they could do with their f/x computers in scenes that weren't all that important anyway.  The biggest scene of the movie, was a chain-reaction disaster on a bridge that is caused by... well... the Thing. THE BIGGEST SCENE OF THE MOVIE and it involved NO VILLAINS. The Thing sets the chain reaction in place and then saves the day to become a hero? "Sorry... I caused a huge chain reaction car crash where numbers of people could have and should have been killed, but I did save this one guy."  A successful movie needs many things to make it memorable and make it good... first of all, you need to establish good characters, which this movie does so in OVERKILL.  Secondly, you need a strong nemesis (DOOM IS OVERSHADOWED), Thirdly, you need a script that allows your audience to play along and feel urgency and fear (SWING AND A MISS) and Finally, you need a reason for the audience TO BE CONCERNED and not have to work to root for the outcome. FANTASTIC FOUR doesn't do this at all.  The movie isn't horrible, I'm only saying that it was a disappointment, not at all challenging, run of the mill and needed to give DR. DOOM more to do in order to fix it.  I just thought this movie was very weak and wasted too much time GETTING TO THE POINT... which wasn't much of one...  I think it was... OOH COOL, lOOK WHAT I CAN DO... FIGHT... DESTROY FANTASTIC FOUR... that was about it.     