 I had a lot of preconceived notions about Michael Bay before I watched Pearl Harbor.  You couldn't have dragged me to go see this at the theatre.  In fact, I waited till $1 rental day to watch it.  I personally think Directors like Michael Bay and Roland Emmerich are everything that is wrong with hollywood... and I wasn't disappointed. Too many movies go straight to production because of a concept, rather than taking the time and making sure the story is in place and it's something worth telling.  Of course Pearl Harbor is something worth telling, but it has to be more than that.  It's the personal stories that make it such a great and tragic story. Too bad Director's like Fred Zinnemann, Michael Curtiz or Alfred Hitchcock weren't around to give this movie some substance.  Director's of that class are a dieing breed.  Meanwhile, young, visionless, money hungry, let's blow some stuff up, lets keep it moving director's are taking their place. I can just imagine the pow-wow sessions that started Pearl Harbor: "Lets see... the 60th anniversary of Pearl Harbor is coming up, gotta do a movie.  People loved Titanic.  We can't do a sequel to Titanic, but we can do another disaster.  It can happen.  Let's make Pearl Harbor the biggest POPCORN MOVIE of all time." Popcorn movie....  yes, it is... and it's too bad.  Because popcorn movies are forgettable movies.  Ten years from now, we'll remember movies like Saving Private Ryan and Titanic because they had substance.  Pearl Harbor only joins the list of movies that made big money, but made no impact, like Independence Day, Armageddon, Godzilla and the Patriot. On a positive note.  The movie wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.  The performances were good.  KATE BECKINSALE was as beautiful and confident as ever.  The action sequences are incredible and intense.   It is a movie that has its merits. Yet, it could have been so much better had the producers taken their time, instituted more ACTUAL and FACTUAL stories and spent more time on the methods of telling a story, rather then pouring all their efforts into attack sequences. Don't buy this DVD.  Another example of what I'm talking about.  The 60th anniversary of Pearl Harbor came up and they had to capitalize off of that, so they rushed out a lesser version of what they're offering later down the road.  That way they can get your money twice.  The movie is divided onto two disks and the subtitles are hard to read.  If you do want to buy this, wait for the special edition director's cut DVD coming out on May 14.     