 A few years ago, the coolest thing to ever happen to gaming came to the playstation 2.  Wide open game playing.  Give the game player a city and let them go.  Give them a story to follow, but also give them some room to play and create their own story.  Give the gamer multiple ways to accomplish the goals.  This game IS THE EXACT OPPOSITE!!  Time after time while I was playing BATMAN BEGINS I kept going from level to level and situation to situation and there's is only ONE WAY or VERY FEW ways to accomplish each thing.  If you don't do things a certain way... you are riddled with bullets and killed in seconds.  THERE IS NO ROOM FOR CREATIVITY!!  You have no choice but to defeat the bad guys in the EXACT SAME WAY that the GAME-WRITER planned it.  This gets very old... very fast.   Of all superhero games that should adapt a wide-open theme. BATMAN IS IT!!!  Come on GAME-WRITERS!!  GOTHAM CITY for godsakes!!  Let us have some fun.    Please... give us a BATMAN meets GRAND THEFT AUTO mix and we'll love you for it.  Anyway... this game is a thrown together, repetitive mess. Don't get me wrong, it's a lot of fun playing as Batman and the graphics are pretty good. But, after completing about half the game, and getting killed 10 times everytime you enter a room with thugs... until you get it down the way the game-writer intended it... the game looses its excitement.  After 2 levels of the game, you are all of sudden in the BATMOBILE or the TUMBELER.  No explanation. No reason. But all of a sudden you are racing through Gotham chasing after dozens of bad guys in cars and running them down or running them off the road. WHY?  I don't know.  There's was no story to it. Or reason. Just... do it.    Thrown together... pointless... repetitive... promotional tool...   I mean... come on...  I can see how hard it would be for someone to actually create a BRAND NEW character like say... RATCHET & CLANK, or Rynn & Arohk, or Claire & Chris Redfield and have the gaming world embrace them... but how do you screw it up when you have an already established character that everybody already loves like BATMAN?  I tell you how... you give them a one dimensional game that is about as fun as figuring out the maze in your local newspaper.  Instead of giving them a game that lets the game player use their OWN MIND to figure out the best way to be Batman.  Give us Gotham City. Give us random crimes. Give us a game where is it up to us if his identity is figured out. What crimes we're gonna fight. Who we're gonna save. The makers of Spiderman 2 figured this out.  I won't buy another Batman game until they give us the wide open Grand Theft Auto format.  Give us GOTHAM CITY to explore.  This game... actually sort of insults your intelligence as an individual. The game writer is basically saying that he's the only one that knows the proper way to fight each thug and each situation.  Keep your creative ideas to yourself.     