 The faults of King Kong are without a doubt overshadowed by the sheer entertainment and spectacle, but the faults, I think, will keep it from getting a best picture award. It'll get technical awards and MAYBE a best actress? Yet, it's still a fantastic movie and in my opinion, the best movie of the year.  First off, I think Kong Kong has some pacing issues. You know, I'm not one of the people that hates long movies. In fact, I'm just the opposite. If I'm INTO THE MOVIE... give it to me! In fact, I'm sort of hoping that there will be a director's cut, because I know there was stuff missing.  After watching King Kong, I couldn't help but think that some key scenes were missing.  The journey home. The jump from chloroforming Kong to the show night was uncomfortable and lacked build up.   I also thought they spent too much time in the early stages, especially on the boat. The early scenes seemed to go slow and were meticulous. Then the closing scenes... starting with Kong's chase on the island until the end of the movie, seemed to go WAY TOO FAST and didn't spend time delivering emotional impact. They should have been less meticuous in the beginning and more meticulous in the end.  Also, there were times when the green screening didn't look all that great... like the dinosaur rampage and a couple of other places. In other places, the green screen and f/x were SO GOOD, that you wouldn't even think that you were looking at an effect. Otherwise, the movie delivered on all levels.   It had great performances. Especially by Naomi Watts. She's been robbed two years in a row of an oscar. They'll give her one this time because she should have won the last 2 years.   The time period was a great choice. From the moment that the adventures/moviemakers set foot on Skull island, the movie shifts into high gear and never again lets up. Dazzling action sequences! Touching moments between Anne Darrow (Watts) and Kong. Especially when Kong sees what his little barbie toy can do.  Finally, the ending sequence was AMAZING! Breathtaking as Kong pounded his chest atop the Empire State Building. The camera circled with the planes and it was awe inspiring to watch.  King Kong is phenominal and WITHOUT A DOUBT something that HAS TO BE SEEN ON THE BIG SCREEN! Kong won't look as big on your little T.V. at home. It's a must see. See it for the action. See it for the love story. You won't be sorry.     