 I LOVE THIS SHOW! This was a great and shortlived sitcom from the WB network. From the creators of SEX AND THE CITY, GROSSE POINTE was about the antics behind-the-scenes of a 20-something sitcom. A sitcom within a sitcom. It poked fun at the business, the in-fighting, romances, ratings gimmicks, vanity, paparazzi, publicity stunts and the competitiveness. Not to mention, even poking fun at their own WB network. Maybe this show went right over audiences heads... not sure... being a screenwriter, it was SPOT ON for me. Snappy dialogue that leaves ALL OF TODAY'S 'SO CALLED' funny shows in the dust.   Examples:  Courtney: "Maybe because I'm a poor girl, I have low self-esteem and I'm trying to compensate for that by dressing in an exhibitionistic fashion." Pat: "Right. They must have accidentally left that out of the script."    Hunter (to Marcy): "You are so great on the show...even if the fans don't agree."   Dave: "It's my dream to work with Oliver Stone." Hunter: "Do you really think that you have what it takes to be a stand-in in one of his films?"   Rob: "Let me ask you something. If a vital employee threatened to quit unless you fired an innocent person and hired their relative, you would do it, right? Especially if that innocent person was pretty low on the totem pole?" Kevin: "Am I fired?"   Hunter: "The only reason we have these table reads is so the writers feel they're somehow involved in the process."   Johnny: "Whose panties have you gotten?" Brady: "I won't name names. Let's just say I've taken a little dip in Dawson's Creek." Johnny: "Dude, did he just say he had sex with Dawson?"   Courtney: "What if another opportunity like this never comes along again?" Hunter: "Where have I heard this before? Oh yeah--my friend Elizabeth Berkley."   Hunter: "Dave, you're really good in bed, but what I need in my life right now is someone to run my errands."   Joan: "We're doing billboards and radio ads, and get this: we're gonna be on every sandwich wrapper at Subway!" Rob: "Wow, that's great. I didn't think the WB had those kind of promotional dollars." Joan: "Oh, we don't. It's all trade. So you're going to have to write an episode about a Subway turkey sandwich on wheat, but it doesn't have to be an A story."   Joan: "Did you see the numbers from last night? The 'Kim Dies' episode was the highest-rated show ever. And I mean, ever!" Rob: "Hot Dog! Did we beat Sabrina?" Joan: "No."   Courtney: "So basically, you're not a real actress. You're just a model on a TV show." Hunter: "Excuse me. I was guest-starring on Blossom when you were still putting on puppet shows in your back yard!"   Hunter kills me. Irene Molloy was perfect.  The episode where Courtney, played by a wonderfully charming and innocent Bonnie Sommerville, goes to Japan to do a Japanese beer commercial, unaware that the script refers to her by her Japanese nickname: Miss Big Breasts... a gut buster. The whole show is unforgettable, non-stop fun.  Despite the 23 minute per episode format and the fact that there were only 17 episodes, the show had so much going on and so much more to do when it was cancelled.     