 On one hand, I give the movie credit where other movies have been unrealistic and phony, ADAM & EVE had the guts to make something very real. At times, TOO REAL. At times, unnecessarily TOO REAL.   They just had to slip in the gross out jokes to please all the immature goofballs out there. Don't get me wrong, I'm sure there is a time and a place for gross out jokes, pubes in the shower etc., but they're less funny then something that takes execution and timing. Not to mention, they alienate the audience. The people that find that thing disgusting, are put off, and won't return.  Okay... back to the movie. ADAM & EVE is about love and sex. It's about a young HOT college girl, EVE (Emmanuelle Chriqui) and a typical college guy, ADAM (Cameron Douglas). They meet, find each other interesting, Adam tries to score and then Eve tells him that she's a virgin, and is being patient with her standing.  Then, as I said before, the movie is very real. All the things that come into play: the ridiculing friends, the things you do when your girlfriend looks like Emmanuelle Chriqui and you're being made to wait, the criticisms, the other girl that ISN'T holding out, etc. etc.   Although, I question one thing. Why in the world would a girl looking like Emmanuelle Chriqui be interested in this guy? She seemed like a nice girl. Smart. Nice room. Nice, wholesome girl. Yet, Adam is a partying bum. Lazy. Lives in a pig-sty. His yard looks like a trash dump and he goes and lays in his bed all day. His friends are the epitome of bums and womanizers... but then... I thought about it, and realized... actually, when I was in college, yeah... that was about right. Women liked these type guys.   Although, I do give the movie credit for being real, there wasn't enough going on. There weren't enough side plots and not enough to keep the movies pace going. When the movie deviated from the MAIN plot, it just went and told gross out stories with Adam's loser friends, or showed little side stories that never really explained themselves.  Ultimately, the only good thing I can say about ADAM & EVE is that it was realistic. Otherwise, the movie was less than average, and pretty forgettable.     