 Upon viewing this at the movie theatre, I thought it was kind of slow. I expected something different. I guess I was looking for ACTION, but it was more of a DRAMA. I guess I was looking for incredible events, but it was more of a STORY.  We've been bombarded with such over-the-top junk in hollywood movies, that when we are given something REAL and gifted with deep emotions, we don't know how to deal with it. My initial reaction was disappointment, but then I realized... how awesome the film really was.  Two of the finest and most underrated actors in the world give HISTORY OF VIOLENCE life.  Viggo Mortensen (the dudes awesome), plays Tom Stall, a normal, small-town Joe, just trying to trudge through life, provide for his family and forget. So when trouble comes to town and finds his resteraunt, he reacts with swift and violent force. Propelling him into the world of newscast hero, a role, he doesn't want. And soon, even more trouble comes to town, as his story begins to play on newscasts in bigger cities.   To town comes Carl Fogarty, played by Ed Harris (my favorite actor, and I think the most underrated actor of all time, GIVE THIS MAN AN OSCAR ALREADY!), a bigtime criminal and he isn't in town for a bake sale.  Maria Bello also stars as the wife of Tom, Edie Stall, the source of Tom's passion. The thing that he most cherishes and the thing that most forces his emotions to respond. His passion for her is his driving force and... a little tidbit from the filming process... had to use heavy makeup in their SECOND love scene to cover the BRUISES from their FIRST love scene.   I'm not gonna give away the movie, but there are some amazing moments in this film, moments that are anti-hollywood, different, REAL, sudden, shocking, intense and UNFORGETTABLE.   In my opinion, A HISTORY OF VIOLENCE, is David Cronenberg's finest achievement. A director that is synonymous for giving us such other-worldly, trips into the unreal like THE FLY, eXISTEnZ and NAKED LUNCH, has achieved his best film by giving us something that is very REAL. With real emotions and real passion and real events.  What will a man do to perserve his family? To hide his past? To protect the life that he's come to love? You have to see it to know. Oh... and one last thing... a perfect role for William Hurt (an actor that I DON'T LIKE ALL THAT MUCH, but he does do good)... a perfect role for him... YOU'LL SEE.     