 I was pleasantly surprised by House of 9. As the movie begins, I saw the premise unfold and thought... what a great idea... sort of SAW 2 meets BATTLE ROYALE meets SURVIVOR.   Although more of a ripoff of SAW 2 (or maybe SAW 2 was a ripoff of House of 9? Not sure, maybe it was unintentional), HOUSE of 9 approaches the subject with fresh ideas and MORE REALISM. Where Saw 2 struggles to be commercial and come up with BIZARRE and MORE BIZARRE ways to kill people with the funky contraptions and riddles, HOUSE of 9 keeps it real.  As 9 unwitting people are snatched off the streets and wake up in a house that is sealed and unescapable, they are told that one person will be allowed to leave the house, and that person will be given $5 million... that one person is the soul survivor... meaning... the only way out... is for them to kill each other.  Where Saw 2 wastes no time getting into the depravity and murder and the thin assumption that a bunch of criminals will want to murder the son of the man who put them in prison, HOUSE of 9 keeps it real. It explores human nature and the unwillingness to comply and wait it out. How long would it take for a house full of strangers to actually want to kill each other? And how? there is one gun, with few bullets.  The mostly unknown cast, with the exception of Dennis Hopper and Kelly Brook, deliver well. As time goes by, the food is minimal, the personalities are clashing and tensions are building. Violence is coming and you can feel it, despite the members of the house's relucatance to participate in the sick game.  Unfortuntaley, the director relied to heavily on a couple of MTV montage moments that seemed to go on forever, the movie is actually a really good comment on human nature, madness, survival and what happens to a person when they've taken the life of another.  I'll admit... 4 stars... may, just may be a little too strong, and 5 stars is WAY TOO STRONG... but the movie was entertaining and better than most of the little straight to video movies that hit the video store shelves. I never once wished I was watching something else. I wanted to watch it unfold and see what was in store.   Not to mention, the ENDING was FANTASTIC! The ending... the final scene when the winner picks up their money... was the best part of the movie.  Rent it, watch it, I only recommend to buy if you're a big Kelly Brook fan. And who isn't?     