 6 episodes! That's it? There has to be more.  I surprised even myself when I tuned into this show. There was something about it that drew me in. I guess I tried to imagine Tommy Lee coming to my college when I was there and imagining how INSANE that would have been. Of course that was late 80s & early 90s when Motley Crue was REALLY POPULAR, but still.  Tommy Lee goes to classes, he struggles, his mind wanders, he gets a roommate, they play video games instead of study, he tries to join the band, struggles and then finds his niche and actually plays during the Nebraska Halftime show.  He gets a tutor and... YOWZA!! The tutor is a nice, cute, highly intelligent, brainiac named Natalie Reidman. She's such a looker, you wait around patiently for the moments in the episode when she comes back. Tommy Lee's no dummy. He needs lots of tutoring. Then it really gets good when this girl in one of his classes makes a move on him. I wondered when this was gonna happen.  Then the tutor and the classmate have a study clash.  Then Tommy Lee starts up a fraternity with his roommate. Pledges an Animal House looking bunch of goofballs and... then the season FINALE!!! WHAT!!  As much as it pains me to say it... I wanted more. I wanted more Natalie Reidman. I wanted more hijinks. I wanted to see REAL COLLEGE LIFE. Instead, we saw a scripted... just scratching the surface midseason time waster.  I had hoped that the DVD release would incorporate more episodes or longer episodes or more story, but apparently it is just the same episodes that aired. Frankly, without Natalie Reidman, the hot blonde tutor, I probably wouldn't have kept watching.  Every T.V. show, movie, song or concert sets out to accomplish something. In 6 episodes, Tommy Lee Goes to College accomplished NOTHING. It didn't show us real college life. You can't tell me that Tommy Lee went to Nebraska University for a semester and THIS was all that happened. Besides... in 6 months, all they got was a little over 2 hours of useable footage which was mostly scripted, staged, and mixed with special effects and music montages.  I'm sorry. I just wanted more. I wanted to see what REALLY happened. Not this sugar-coated, made for T.V., scripted bologna.  When it's all said and done, my entire 3 stars goes to Natalie Reidman, the hot blonde tutor, who we'll most likely never ever see again, because she's WAY TOO SMART to pursue any sort of acting career.  The show, on the other hand, was a starless stinker. It could have been great, if they'd chose to tell us THE REAL STORY and the WHOLE STORY!     