 There are some great things about COLLATERAL.   Tom Cruise is phenominal in his performance. His techniques. The work he has done to look like a trained killer is fantastic. You believe he is who he says he is and you forget about the fact that he is Tom Cruise very quickly.   The production value is fantastic. Throughout the movie, the camera lets the action do the talking. Fight scenes and shootings are done with MINIMAL to NO EDITING. You see the action go down as you would if you were standing on the streets of Los Angeles along with them.  On the other hand, there are a lot of problems with Collateral. Plotting problems. Realism problems. Acting problems.  This movie IS BASED in REALITY. This is supposed to be REAL. This isn't a Schwarzenegger movie where otherworldly things happen, and Jamie Foxx is certainly no JOHN McCLANE (Die Hard) or JOHN RIGGS (Lethal Weapon).  So, when Jamie Foxx turns the tables on a L.A. street cop when he's about to be cuffed? Whoa. This guy is a cabbie.  Not to mention when he goes into a den of thugs upon Vincent's (Cruise) orders and is told what to say... he manages to come up with his own words??  GOOD ONES. Even threatening to kill one of the thugs. As if... maybe... he were no stranger to the crime game. As if he maybe had a little psychotic hitman in him... it was pretty unrealistic for a guy who was inspiring to be a CHAUFFER driver for celebrities.  At one point, there is a HIT going down in a nightclub. A Chinese mafia-type is being guarded by numerous bodyguards. So when the stuff starts going down... FIVE MINUTES LATER, this Chinese mafia-type guy is still sitting in the same place!!  Seemingly frozen in his seat. Only when the gun is finally trained on his head do his guards attempt to get him to a safe location.  Actually, this could have been a decent movie, but honestly, about midway things really started getting hard to believe, hard to accept and DID I FORGET TO MENTION THE COINCIDENCES that lead up to the ending... that was again... disappointing and unrealistic.  Finally, I know that Jamie Foxx is a very good actor. He proved that in RAY.  But in Collateral, I didn't like his performance. For a guy who is being held against his will, at gun point, forced to participate in murders, forced to watch murders, forced to carry bodies... he never sold me. His emotions never went far enough.  It seemed to me... that maybe murders, dead guys in trunks and people getting shot wasn't anything new to an L.A. cab driver. If that's what they were trying to get across, then maybe the objective was achieved.  I personally, would have liked to have seen more emotion and more desperation out of him.  Foxx was sorta bland.  Collateral is an okay movie that could have been much better had the writers figured a better way to keep things realistic and not so cliche.     