 As great of a show as C.S.I. is, its formulaic method of storytelling makes it, in my opinion, just a MURDER SHE WROTE for the 21st century. Each week there's a murder, each week the murder is solved (WOW, if it were only true in real life), and each week the murders get crazier and more bizarre because after 6 seasons... they have to keep thinking up new ways to kill people. Then there's the well deserved boffo ratings.  Which brings me to VERONICA MARS... would Veronica Mars have those kind of ratings if it were on a more widely viewed and more widely dispersed affiliate network? I'm not sure. You have to be willing to commit. The show is more like real life. The who-dunnits aren't so cut and dry.  The star of the show Kristen Bell, plays VERONICA MARS, a seventeen year-old Nancy Drewish super-sleuth. Using everything in her power to solve small scale crimes, like finding a missing dog, or finding out who stole the money from a friendly poker game, or even going a little larger and finding missing persons or getting to the bottom of sexual harrasment charges. Yet, you care about these things as if they were the most important thing in the WORLD... because they are... to Veronica.  All the while, Veronica, in the back of her mind is treading into areas that may very well be more than she can chew, like why her mother left them and vanished without a trace, and what she may have to do with the murder of her best friend, and the fact that the man sitting in jail for the murder of her best friend is looking more and more innocent and why the parents of her ex-boyfriend are possibly involved in the cover up, and why her ex-boyfriend may be closer to her than she ever imagined, and why she woke up in a strange bed at a party one year ago with her panties off and no recollection of how she got there.   It's all very complex and engaging and wonderfully addicting and creative. Watching the show reminds you of how complex the world is and how murders aren't solved in one episode and that just because the T.V. tells you that a murder is solved, doesn't mean it is. Money is power, power is control and control is usually hiding something.  Which brings me back to my original point. VERONICA MARS is probably the most intriguing, engaging and most well-written show on television, but it is hiding away on the rarely-seen UPN network... We don't have a UPN affiliate where I live... and it's not even available VIA SATELLITE... that is what makes these DVD release so fantastic.  I wanted to watch this show so bad, so I asked for it for Christmas. My fiance watched them in 3 days... cried, laughed, gasped and cooed about how wonderful the show is. A show she had never heard of... is now her favorite show ever.  Now that I've bought these and watched them... I can only eagerly await the season 2 DVD release... because I still can't get UPN where I live.     