 Okay, I can finally review this film legitimately. I posted a previous review that complained that they don't release the UNRATED versions at the movie theatre. I mean, think about what a ridiculous practice this is.  Imagine if they had released an edited version of ANIMAL HOUSE at the movie theatre and later an UNRATED version... BLAZING SADDLES, CADDY SHACK or STRIPES.  Honestly, I'm not sure what I'm complaining about, because I save money by not going to the movie theatre and later buying the ENTIRE VERSION OF THE FILM LATER ON DVD. It's just why go to the movie theatre to see an edited version?   Okay... yada, yada, yada... the movie:  The movie is very well done and unlike most movies that are made these days, will probably be remembered for years to come. With its no-holds-barred approach to the subject of irresponsible sex it manages to combine a lot of realism and truth to an absurd situation. You know, because we've all probably met somebody just like these guys. In fact, we've all probably been a little like them at some point in our lives.  The movie is well done and is gifted with numerous surprises and unorthodox story-telling WHICH IS GREAT!! BECAUSE LIFE IS UNORTHODOX! Human nature is unexplainable and people do crazy and unexplainable things.  Wedding Crashers tells the story of two professionally single guys who basically crash weddings looking for sex with women. They're pros at it, but a trip to the wedding of Secretary Treasurer William Cleary's daughter sends them down a path of looniness, romance and sex.  They soon find out that the wealthy and privileged aren't immune to being dysfunctional families and when the heart wants to take you somewhere, the mind is powerless.  WEDDING CRASHERS has numerous memorable scenes that will have you in stitches. Vince Vaughn is fantastic as a selfish, fast-talking snake oil salesman with the soul purpose of GETTING SOME. In fact, everybody in the cast did fantastic. The guy who played Todd Cleary (Keir O'Donnell) killed me every time he appeared on screen. No words. Just his look. Isla Fisher was charming, dirty and hilarious. Grandma (Ellen Albertini Dow) was fantastic. I remembered her instantly as the rapping grandma from THE WEDDING SINGER. Rachel McAdams was beautiful as could be, and I had no problems believing that Owen Wilson's character would fall for her at first sight.  I don't have a whole lot to complain about with WEDDING CRASHERS. It was a really good and memorable movie, but I just wish, as unorthodox and fresh as the movie was, that the ending had not been so CLICHE'!   Owen Wilson even says at the end... "Would it be too cliche if... " YES! IT WOULD! It was a tremendously funny, original comedy with a cookie cutter cliche' ending that kept me from giving it the full 5 stars. Otherwise... the UNRATED UNCUT version is out... go rent it or buy it.     