 Some of the reviews on here are suggesting that Usher must not have read the script because it was terrible. WHAT? Are you kidding me? Of course he read the script!!   Darrell/DJ/STUD/BODYGUARD walks in the room and women are instantly in heat. It's as if Usher wrote the thing himself.  The movie isn't as bad as some of these reviewers are claiming. It's just light. It's a low budget comedy about a DJ that offers to play the music at the birthday party of an old friend named Dolly (Emmanuelle Chriqui), who happens to be the daughter of a mob boss. Then he happens to save her father from an attempt on his life and the story begins. Father deems that Dolly needs a bodyguard due to the dangerousness of the situation and Usher or Darrell, becomes her bodyguard.  The movie isn't bad because of the script. It's not THAT bad. I've seen worse these days. The movie fails, at least for me, because of that fact that the movie puts USHER up on a pedastal that is sort of embarassing to watch. In one scene, he is up on the stage turning discs at a dance club, his friend stands close by and talks about the girls who are checking him out. Yet, the girls... and I mean plural... aren't checking out his friend, they're ALL in LUST over USHER. In fact, it seems everywhere he goes in the film, he is treated like a object of lust. In another scene, when he's being Dolly's bodyguard, she has lunch with her girlfriends and they all eyeing him like lions, becon him over to the table and take turns feeding him chocolate covered strawberries. Oh, and of course there's some horny girl that follows him around, telling him that she'll leave the door open and be naked in her bed waiting... and he cooly turns her down.  All this being said, he's NOT PLAYING USHER! He's playing an ordinary, POOR, D.J. Well, this poor, ordinary D.J. is dipping into the love potion #9, I believe.  Yet, I watch this and think, "I bet USHER really thinks this way of himself." I've seen him at the awards shows with his yacht, feather bowa, and talking about how all the women want him.  Usher is the most VAIN person I've ever seen. I'm sure that there are more vain celebrities out there, but never have I seen a movie that HIGHLIGHTED and overemphasized a characters sex-appeal in my life. All of this overemphasis RUINS the film, because you never look at DARRELL as DARRELL, you look at DARRELL as USHER.  He and Frankie Muniz need to have a child star ego party and see which one of them still has A CAREER when the parties over.     