 I'm actually really shocked that the reviews for this have been so good. I don't know... maybe when I was a teenager I would have found the jokes in DIRTY DEEDS funny, but not anymore. Although, I laughed at AMERICAN PIE (the first one) and that was pretty sophmoric? Not sure. So, I finally came to the conclusion that DIRTY DEEDS... JUST WASN'T FUNNY.  The concept in Dirty Deeds is a pretty decent one. The school has a secret list of dirty deeds hidden and very few have attempted to, or have completed all of them in one night. And when they do complete all 10 deeds, they get to add another for the next to take the challenge. The deeds range from... punching the toughest guy in the school, bringing a dead guy from the morgue to the school, drinking a beer in front of a cop... etc. etc. etc.  But the concept was wasted with poor writing, sophmoric sense of humor and a weak attempt to capitalize off the success of all the other teenager having sex comedies that have come rolling out of the gate ever since Hollywood figured out that teenagers are making up a very large percent of the Movie theatre revenue intake.  Yet, the jokes in DIRTY DEEDS never really exceed stuff that made me laugh when I was ten. Somebody getting punched real hard, masterbation, or somebody farting... and of course... as the title of my review suggests... of course it has the American Pie ripoff jokes. In American Pie... the character "does it" with a pie... in Dirty Deeds... it's a loaf of wheat bread... and of course the jerk principal buys the loaf and eats it... wondering what the white... yeah... I won't elaborate.  And then there's the hot girls like Lacey Chabert, Arielle Kebbel and Zoe Saldana! I like them all. They're all very pretty. They do nothing. In fact... all three of them may as well have been credited as cameos because they weren't in it much. Lacey Chabert is in it the most, but her character is VERY VERY SERIOUS and apprently not into having FUN and it comes across. She has no jokes at all. Zoe Saldana has a very very very tiny role and Arielle Kebbel has a small role in which she makes out with some dork freshman because he had the balls to talk to a senior.  I've had it folks. I have it with the RIPOFFS and the sequels and the remakes and the lack of originality. The writers need to take some time and make sure the laughs deliver. The studios need to stop greenlighting things that aren't ready, just so they can catch the tail end of a dieing trend.  DIRTY DEEDS is a bad movie that could have been better if the makers would have had a more original goal in mind, instead they chose to CONFORM, rush into production and it went straight to the video shelves.     