 Okay, leave it to me to be a negative in a slew of praises, but something happened with this show in the second season and maybe it explains why Dave Chappelle walked away from it all.  JUST A THEORY.  Wow, the skits are hilarious. I never thought I would see this type of comedy on T.V. again or ever again, but we did and they're funny. But, it seemed, (to me at least) that the skits were fewer and far between in the second season. Instead in their place, there were more musical acts, more rapping and more TALKING about stuff.  Weird things... that weren't funny, but talking about how the world puts the blacks down. Meanwhile, blacks, whites, yellows, reds and every other race was pouring money toward the show and its DVDs.  Was Dave Chappelle's show hijacked by a bunch of people who saw an opportunity to voice their oppression? That's what I think. The comedy was less and the complaining was increased.  That, to me, ain't funny.   Either way, season 2 was less comedy, less funny and I couldn't help while I was watching it, to think that I wish I had my own editor and could have edited all those weird moments where Dave Chappelle was pushed to the background and the comedy was replaced with uncomfortable negativity.  Or maybe Dave Chappelle wanted all that stuff to be in it to use his show as a forum to voice his oppression and the network and companies producing the show told him to change it and he didn't like it, so he left.  I guess that could have happened too.  And if that's what happened, the Chappelle needed only to look at his overflowing pockets and quit complaining.  Whether Chappelle or the people who hijacked his show are feeling oppressed or not, or if they are, doesn't matter... it's a comedy show... and people don't tune into a comedy show to hear that junk and feel all negative. They want to laugh.   So, if you wanna use your show to stress your feelings about oppression... then do it in the realm of comedy.  I'm sorry, but being a huge fan of season 1, and buying season 2 as soon as it came out, I was shocked at how the show had changed and how unimpressed I was.  I promptly sold them both on Amazon, and my love for the shows disappeared when I mailed them.     