 What is it that has so many people conflicted about THE VILLAGE? Is it that the movie was bad? Poorly done? A disappointment? I don't think so.   In my opinion, the negative reviews being thrown around for THE VILLAGE are less about the effectiveness of the movie and its execution, and more about the fact that M. Night Shyamalan is sort of a victim of his own past.  Everyone knows to expect a twist. Based on his previous movies, you know that there is going to be a surprising ending. So, you basically sit down and know to be on the look out for what that surprise is.  Has THE VILLAGE been M. Night Shyamalan's first movie... I believe it would have received similar accolades as THE SIXTH SENSE.  It is a good movie, for a lot of reasons, but it's certainly not without its faults.  The highlight of the film in my book, and for any movie, for that matter, is the lead character... Ivy Walker, played by BRYCE DALLAS HOWARD. The key to any good film is a sympathetic lead character that you can get behind and feel for, hope for and root for. Bryce Howard pulls this off wonderfully.  This... to me, is the saving grace of the film.   Ivy Walker is a young blind girl, innocent, good-natured, in love and searching for someone to guide her through her life without sight. She is member of a small village that is kept from traveling outside their borders by a band of creatures that inhabit the woods. The rules are many and the creatures aren't tolerant of anyone who breaks them.  I won't talk to much about the details of the movie... there is a thin line of explanation that would ruin it for those who haven't seen it yet. But, I will say that the suspense is good. There are shocks. The characters are relateable and sympathetic.  Yet, there are problems with THE VILLAGE. The finale, although good and surprising, has some holes in it.   My biggest problem was with the final encounter that Ivy has with the creature in the woods. Not the encounter itself, but the creature. I would have found it much easier to believe the creature and why it attacked her had it played out differently. There was another angle that M. Night Shyamalan could have taken to make it much more believeable.  This is a weird review to write, because I don't want to ruin it for those who haven't seen. Yet, I enjoyed THE VILLAGE when I went to see it. In fact, It is one of my favorites of Shyamalan's.  I like character driven movies. I like movies that build good character and then build suspense, thrills and action on top of that. Because without good character, NO MOVIE WORKS FOR ME.  Check out THE VILLAGE. Rent before buying. If anything, it is certainly a brain twister type movie that reminds us of the days when simple little stories like Alfred Hitchcock Presents and The Twilight Zone were the talk of the town.     