 Fretboard Logic SE is a valuable book and you'll understand a great deal more about the logic of the guitar's tuning and fret system within the first few pages but if you have small hands and/or short fingers you may find some of the alternate fingerings and barres required in this system to literally be beyond your reach. People with long fingers and/or average to larger than average hands will no doubt have an easier time of it. Example: The standard way of learning an open G chord requires playing it with the index, middle and ring fingers (think 1st, 2nd and 3rd fingers) with the fourth finger (pinkie) along for the ride and possibly available to change the voicing within the chord or to maybe add a ninth ("A" above G). In the Fretboard Logic way of doing things the standard open G chord is played with the middle, ring and pinkie fingers (2-3-4) so as to leave the index available to "barre" in the moveable form as you go up the fretboard. This requires spanning the space of a full open fret with your index finger at the same time you are using fingers 2-3-4 to fret the E, A and E strings. I can't draw a picture here so it's best to pick up a guitar if you have one or draw yourself a picture of a fretboard to help visualize. Basically, if you can make that reach back with your index finger across a full fret while fingering with 2, 3 and 4 then this system should be fully workable for you. If you can't do it (and I can only manage it with difficulty), you'll still get a lot out of the book and increase your knowledge but portions of the system may well be "literally out of reach". The CAGED system of moveable chords/positions really is rather brilliant. Even if you don't buy the book, borrow a copy from your local library or from a friend. There's nothing wrong with adding to your knowledge. If the system was totally workable for everyone I'd have rated it five stars. As it is, with limits on people (most women, children, young teens and some men) with smaller than average hands, I can only go three. (Too bad Amazon doesn't have a way to go three and half.)     