 Baker and Wesibrot do a yeoman's job of making the issues confront Social Security and the trust fund understandable and accessible to the average reader. There is so much misinformation (some of it deliberate) and misunderstanding out there on this topic that it's often hard to know where to begin. This book is an excellent place to start.  For other reviewers here that are ready to "throw this book across the room" or who seem to have confused a program of social insurance with "investments", I suggest they actually take the time to read the book and/or educate themselves on the issue of government bonds. First, it is hard to understand why the same government bonds backed by the full faith and credit of the United States and which are universally considered to be the safest investment in the entire free world are great investment vehicles when held by billionaires and central banks but are "worthless" when held by the Social Security trust fund. Second, Social Security is not an "investment" program, it is a program of social insurance designed to insure the elderly, the disabled and the spouses/children of the dead and disabled against poverty. It provides a solid base, a bedrock foundation, on which to build, and as such is perhaps the most successful government program in history.  There are potentially some challenges ahead for Social Security but they are easily overcome though economic growth, growth in productivity or expansion of the working population through birth or immigration. In fact, if the economic growth of the United States simply matches that of the average growth of the last 130 years, the Social Security trust fund is solvent basically forever.  I hope that Baker and Weisbrot will issue an update to this excellent book. It was written prior to the meltdown of the NASDAQ and S&P 500 and before tax cuts for the top 1 percent of the nation (paid for largely with money borrowed from the Social Security trust fund) which all by themselves dwarf any potential shortfall in the trust fund over the next seventy-five years.  Don't fall for the shell game. The trust fund represents the money that you have already paid into the system. Read the book. You'll be glad that you did.     