 This was the first official book on the prewrath rapture, first published in 1990. Consequently, many people make every detail of Rosenthal's arguments in this book synonymous with the prewrath view itself. This puts an unfortunate amount of pressure on this book. This was the first formal presentation of the prewrath rapture, and since that time, the tangential details of this view have been refined. However, the basics outline of the view are solidly presented here, unchanged over time, and are -- in my view -- unshakeable. This is a classic volume that is a "must read" for anyone interested in various positions on the rapture.  What I like most about this book is its grace. The arguments for the prewrath timing of the rapture are extremely well presented, clear, and solid. But it is Rosenthal's grace in dissention and plea for unity among Christian brethren -- regardless of end-times view -- that is so impressive. Rosenthal himself was forced out of a position of authority based on his change in view from pretrib to prewrath and his experience has been since mirrored by many godly men and women in positions of authority. When did the timing of the rapture become a test of orthodoxy like the trinity, the blood atonment, and the resurrection? If I may borrow Paul's wise comment from two-thousand years ago, "My brethren, it ought not be so."  The prewrath rapture is the only presentation of the rapture timing that answers all of the scriptural problems associated with rapture debates while taking the scriptures in their normative meaning. Had someone recognized this timing and put it into print before the pretrib rapture was formalized in the late 1800s (and, subsequently the midtrib and posttrib views), I firmly believe neither pretrib, nor midtrib, nor posttrib would need have been developed. Prewrath is the plain, obvious teaching of scripture. After having become extremely uncomfortable with the pretrib timing presented in evangelical circles, it is the timing that I, myself, determined on my own simply by studying the scriptures. Imagine my surprise when I found out later that someone else had come to the same conclusions and put them into print, and that the timing of which I had become convinced already had a name -- prewrath.  Bravo to Marvin Rosenthal for taking the bold step to put this view into print for the first time, regardless of the personal risk. His book remains now, as it will always be, a classic in the rapture debate that has formed a stepping stone on which so many others have built.  Other presentations of the classic prewrath view (I say "classic" because there are a growing number of writers using the "prewrath" mantle but who are actually presenting a post-70th-Week view) include Robert Van Kampen's The Rapture Question Answered: Plain & Simple, Dave Bussard's Who Will Be Left Behind and When?, and my own Before God's Wrath: The Bible's Answer to the Timing of the Rapture. H. L. Nigro, author of Before God's Wrath: The Bible's Answer to the Timing of the Rapture     