 This is a terrific introduction to the prewrath view that, along with Dave Bussard's Who Will Be Left Behind and When?, should be considered on the "short list" for anyone who wants to understand this end-times interpretation. It is short, sweet, and to the point, with the information extremely well organized and logically ordered so that the basic premise of the prewrath view is laid out in an easy-to-understand and comprehensive fashion.  In addition to its simplicity and comprehensiveness, my other praise for this book is that it addresses a major issue that needs to be addressed by the evangelical community, and that is orthodoxy. The prewrath view is rapidly growing in popularity as an alternative to the three "major" premil views. However, because pretrib is often written into the doctrinal positions of many evangelical churches, missions organizations, and universities, this puts genuine believers -- believers who hold to the fundamental tenets of the Christian faith but have rejected the pretrib view in favor of prewrath -- in the odd position of being "outside orthodoxy" and even required to resign positions as pastors, professors, and heads of organizations simply based on their end-times views. The real-life examples of such travesties given in this book must force these organizations to reconsider the notion that one's pretrib views must considered of the same importance as the virgin birth, the deity of Christ, the resurrection, the blood atonement, and so on. So good for you, Van Kampen, for bringing this issue to light so poignantly. My only criticism of this book is that Van Kampen -- as not being a professional writer -- is sometimes a little unrefined in some of his descriptions and can come off as a little rough around the edges. I would have liked the book to have a little softer tone to it in some places, but based on my understanding of the personality and character of the author (who has since gone to be with the Lord), I believe this roughness around the edges to be unintentional.  For critics of the prewrath view, I would submit to them that one cannot judge the view based on one book alone. One must understand the view as a whole and dissect the argument based on its merits, not based on one author or another's defense of it. Van Kampen presents a good introduction to the view, but this book is not intended to answer every question or rebut every argument. There are other resources to do that. When I did a critical evaluation of the pretrib view for my own book contrasting prewrath with pretrib, I did not look at one book alone. Or even two or three. I read as many good, critical resources as it took to get a well-rounded sense of all of the basic arguments. Some pretrib defenses are embarassingly poor and easy to dismiss. Others are more complex. One must understand the tenets of the view as a whole and evaluate the view based on this. Likewise, with prewrath.  In evaluating the orthodoxy of prewrath, one must understand that many views -- particularly pretribulationism -- have created their own definitions for biblical terms and concepts and then judge the orthodoxy of others' beliefs by their own, proprietary definitions. For example, one of the top arguments against prewrath is that it contradicts the doctrine of imminence. However, the term "imminence" simply means "hanging over one's head." It is a sense of expectancy. Pretrib rapturists, however, have re-defined this word to mean "could happen at any time and no prophesied event must happen first." This is not the scriptural definition; it is the pretrib definition. Thus, pretrib rapturists are correct that prewrath violates THEIR definition of imminence; but they are wrong that it violates the scriptural sense of imminence. The same issue exists with issues such as God's wrath, the tribulation, the Day of the Lord, and so on.  The Rapture Question Answered: Plain & Simple is a wonderful introduction to the prewrath view. For those looking to do a critical evaluation of the prewrath view, however, I encourage readers to look beyond one author's defense and do additional reading. VK's book should be read alongside Rosenthal's PreWrath Rapture of the Church, my own Before God's Wrath: The Bible's Answer to the Timing of the Rapture, Dave Bussard's Who Will Be Left Behind and When?, the Bible Fragrances website, and other classic prewrath resources.  H. L. Nigro, author of Before God's Wrath: The Bible's Answer to the Timing of the Rapture     