 Despite the sensational title and marketing copy, this is a serious book by an author who has done his homework. Also in contrast to the marketing copy, this is far more than a book outlining the author's specific rapture theology. Rather, it is a systematic presentation of a comprehensive end-times theology. It reads more like a commentary than the sensational book that the jacket copy suggests.   My criticism of the book is that it may be too comprehensive. Rather than focusing tightly on what is unusual about his end-times views (Lowe holds a semi-classic historicist viewpoint through the seals, then switches to a futurist viewpoint at the start of the trumpets, where he places the start of the future 70th Week), he writes more in a commentary style, covering a lot of ground and frequently diverges into detailed discussions on minor points.   On one hand, these divergences can provide some very interesting information. On the other hand, they also detract from his stated purpose, which is to outline the timing surrounding the Second Coming of Christ and the rapture of the Church. Indeed, readers familiar with end-times theology will find that this book contains far more discussion on classic theology than on, perhaps, that which is unique to Lowe himself - his blended historicist / futurist perspective.   This is not to say that this is not a good book. It is well-written, comprehensive, and full of detail. Those familiar with the rapture debate may be dissatisfied with the amount of time Lowe spends on the unique portions of his argument. But those NOT as familiar with end-times theology may find those divergences, which range from the nature of the resurrection, to the purpose and timing of Daniel's 70th Week, to the importance of God's use of covenants, to be of great value.   In terms of theology, Lowe is prone, as many end-times writers are, to making some deductive leaps that the reader may or may not agree with. However, his larger outline of the basic purpose of end-times prophecy, the resurrection, and the future judgment are classic and valuable presentations; and his perspective on the timing of end-times events is an interesting one that, even if you do not end up agreeing with, is worth adding to the broader discussion of end-times events.   - H. L. Nigro, author of "Before God's Wrath: The Bible's Answer to the Timing of the Rapture"     