 In circles of professional self-publishers and small press owners, Dan Poynter's book is undisputably recognized as one of the classic manuals on self-publishing. It is a book that discusses self-publishing at the most "go get 'em" level. For authors who have already weighed the pros and cons of self-publishing and decided that self-publishing is the right choice for them -- and who are ready to invest $10,000 or more in setting up a professional publishing company, developing a formal marketing plan, and really making a serious investment in time and money into their publishing ventures -- this is a "must read."  This style of self-publishing isn't for everybody, however, so readers should recognize that there is more than one way to go. Because Poynter has been enormously successful with self-publishing, he presents this task as something that is easy for all authors to do, and that if they follow his plan, they are likely to achieve a high level of financial success. For some authors, this may be true. But authors should also recognize that Poynter's level of success isn't going to be achievable for everyone. They need to be realistic about their own personal goals, resources, and commitment before jumping in at this level.  The Self-Publishing Manual is a great idea-starter and motivator for authors with the drive to really get out there and spend the time and money to heavily market their books. It contains vast resources and an in-depth discussion of the steps necessary to really make it big in this industry. For those without this level of commitment, expertise, and depth of pockets, however, there are other levels of self-publishing, as well. Not all approaches are going to be right for their particular books, their individual personal and financial situations, and their levels of skill and motivation. And that's okay. One of the keys to self-publishing is having realistic goals and expectations... about what you can afford, the time and energy you are willing to spend, and the marketability of your product. There is a lot of hype in this marketplace -- from various types of printers and "publishers" to marketing service providers -- all of whom would like to capitalize on authors' hopes and dreams. The golden rule is to read LOTS of books (including this one) and really get educated about this marketplace before getting started. Know enough to sort through the hype and get to the facts so you really and truly make the right decisions for you.  -- H. L. Nigro, author of Do You Really Want to Self-Publish Your Book?     