 This is a great book for women who may never have prayed or who have not prayed much in their lives. It addresses the basic, simple question: How do I pray? What should I pray for? And, how do I know if I'm doing it right?  What I like most about this book is that it presents prayer in its simple, most honest form - as an ongoing relationship with God. Whether it's praying for self or loved ones, strangers or enemies, Miller explains that a successful, fulfilling prayer life is not a formula. It is not something you do right or wrong. It is like talking to a trusted friend...only better. God loves us unconditionally and without limits; and He always has time to give us His undivided attention.  In these pages, Miller tackles tough questions like, "Does God hear and answer every prayer?" "Why do bad things happen even after I've prayed?" "How do I get to know God?" "Why does God seems so distant sometimes?" "Is it okay to be angry or upset with God?" "How do I get started in praying?" "Is it okay to pray formal, written prayers?" In contrast to the "feel-good, get-what-you-want" teachings on prayer today, Miller emphasizes that the key to an effective prayer life is to understand that we do not pray to get what we want. Rather, it is an invitation for God to do what He wants. She emphasizes that it is not the words of the prayer that matter, but the sincerity behind the prayer. She emphasizes knowing God is a choice, that He has to be invited into our lives, and that prayer is a very practical, fulfilling way to do that.  For those who have not prayed much before, Miller provides sample questions to the reader thinking about her personal prayer life and provides sample prayers to get you started.  Miller does make references to the teachings of popular "positive thinkers" and includes them in her suggested reading list. While I do not support positive-thinking or seed-planting theologies, these references are occasional and offhand. Overall, this book reads like a personal conversation with the author as she encourages and motivates readers to get to know the God who loves them so much that He laid down His own life for them.  H. L. Nigro, author of Before God's Wrath: The Bible's Answer to the Timing of the Rapture; and Do You Really Want to Self-Publish Your Book?     