 The error of The Gospel of Thomas starts as early as the back cover. "Here were 100 lost sayings of Jesus that would rewrite early Christian history and introduce a new image of Jesus - unadulterated by 2000 years of myth and interpretation."  The overwhelming majority of credible historians, both secular and nonsecular, date the writing of the New Testament documents to within one generation of the events they record. None place them later than the turn of the second century. Among these documents' greatest assets as historical records lies in the fact that they are eye-witness accounts, or are written by close associates of eye-witnesses. Myth and legend cannot arise until the second or third generation after events transpire because legend cannot grow while the eye-witnesses still live or while historical memory of the events is still fresh. It takes generations for truth to evolve into fiction.  The Gospel of Thomas is one of those fictions. This book was written in the second century, and in these pages, the evidence of myth and legend abound. In fact, the differences between the "lost sayings of Jesus" and the recorded historical sayings of Jesus are so vast that they have reached the realm of fantasy.  No reputable historian would agree with editors of this book that this gospel is "attributed to the Doubting Thomas of the New Testament." Nor do "most biblical scholars believe that Thomas represents one of the many independent schools of Christianity that developed early in the history of the religion." Fringe historians who do not follow the academics' standards for evaluation, yes. Reputable historians following the academics' standards for the evaluation of historical evidence, no. The editors apparently rely entirely on the members of the Jesus Seminar for their information when not even mainstream secular historians consider this group's research to be credible. The Jesus Seminar's skill is in spinning a story for the media, not evaluating historical evidence with an objective eye for the facts.  Those who would argue that the Gospel of Thomas is the accurate recording of the words of Christ have a dilemma. The overwhelming amount of historical and archeological evidence points to the New and Old Testaments as reliable documents of history. We may disagree about what they mean, but the documents themselves are accurate records of the events. Even more challenging for those who promote this "gospel" as authentic: All of the fundamental elements of the gospel taught by the New Testament Jesus are confirmed by first and second century secular, as well as religious, sources. For skeptics, the most important to consider is the secular - often hostile - record. When the teachings of the New Testament Jesus are authenticated by hostile sources in a secular culture that sought to destroy the Christian faith, there is no stronger proof of authenticity. So do we throw out the 66 books of the Bible and believe the Gospel of Thomas? Or do we recognize this gospel for what it is - fiction? Those who accept the Gospel of Thomas as reliable history do so based on preference, not the facts. Not only is the Gospel of Thomas a work of fiction, it is downright silly. The level of writing and philosophy is childish, at best.  For readers looking for the Jesus of history, and for proof that the New Testament is reliable as recorded - with proof coming from both secular as well as nonsecular sources - I recommend The Historical Jesus, written by respected historian Gary Habermas, who evaluates the life, death, and resurrection of Christ as recorded in the New Testament documents according to the most rigorous standards of academic scholarship. Or, better yet, read the New Testament itself.  Unlike all of the religions of the world, traditional Christianity is a historical faith. If you want to read about the Jesus of history, I urge you to read the gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, not the fantasy of a man who called himself Thomas.     