 The Gospel of Thomas is fiction and should be represented as such. Although the writer was clearly familiar with the New Testament documents, this book was written in the second century and is a convoluted rewriting of the original documents that completely misrepresents the Jesus of history, his purpose, and his teachings. In fact, the differences between the "lost sayings of Jesus" and the recorded historical sayings of Jesus are so vast that they have reached the realm of fiction. In this "gospel," Jesus contradicts the fundamental teachings recorded in the New Testament books. He contradicts the fundamental teachings recorded in the Old Testament books. He teaches a gospel so far flung from the historical reality that it presents a different method of salvation and a different god entirely.  Those who would argue that the Gospel of Thomas is the accurate recording of the words of Christ - and that we should accept these teachings over the 66 accepted books of the Bible - have a dilemma. The overwhelming amount of historical and archeological evidence points to the New and Old Testaments as reliable documents of history. We may disagree about what they mean, but the documents themselves are accurate records of the events. Even more challenging for those who promote this "gospel" as authentic: All of the fundamental elements of the gospel taught by the New Testament Jesus are confirmed by first and second century secular, as well as religious, sources. For skeptics, the most important to consider is the secular - often hostile - record. When the teachings of the New Testament Jesus are authenticated by hostile sources in a secular culture that sought to destroy the Christian faith, there is no stronger proof of authenticity. So do we throw out the 66 books of the Bible and believe the Gospel of Thomas? Or do we recognize this gospel for what it is - fiction?  Not only is the Gospel of Thomas a work of fiction, it is downright silly. The level of writing and philosophy is childish, at best.    For readers looking for the Jesus of history, and for proof that the New Testament is reliable as recorded - with proof coming from both secular as well as nonsecular sources - I recommend The Historical Jesus, written by respected historian Gary Habermas, who evaluates the life, death, and resurrection of Christ as recorded in the New Testament documents according to the most rigorous standards of academic scholarship. Even better, if you want to read about the Jesus of history, I urge you to read the gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, not the fantasy of a man who called himself Thomas.     