 The people who said that there isn't much action in this were absolutely right: there isn't. If your brain lies in your biceps, maybe you should try something else...professional wrestling, perhaps? That said, this is a phenomenal movie which blends a mix of creative genius, stark reality, humanity at its worst, and a precognizance of its own that is easily and chillingly recognizable in today's world of post-9/11 attempts at pre-emptive crime fighting. In the world of "Minority Report" crimes can be stopped before they happen. This is because a trio of (essentially) futuristic...babies can see murders before they happen, and Tom Cruise is the cop that catches the bad guys before they go bad. But as his character says, "everybody runs"--himself included, when his name comes up in connection with a future murder. From there it's a test of wits, strength and a clever twist on a classic murder-mystery formula for him to prove his own innocence before he's captured by the same elite crime force he once headed. Alright, sounds like a good story, if a bit cliche. So what makes this movie so good? First is Steven Spielberg's brilliant direction. With "Minority Report," he makes up for his disturbing but misguided "A.I." of last year. How refreshing to have a film where the special effects are folded INTO the mix, not used as the base. He crafts a seamless story, plugs most (admittedly not all) of the holes in the writing, and makes you truly believe that this is a possible future. (He seems almost prescient himself: just as the movie was released, Attorney General John Ashcroft announced a "pre-crime" initiative at our current day Justice Department) Spielberg also tries to avoid that which might be a bit too fantastic, so don't expect any laser beams, humanoid robots, or little cyborg children looking for their mommies (thank god). Second in this film is the substance. "Time and timing" are themes throughout the movie, as is illustrated in one of the opening scenes (as Cruise races to catch a future murderer at the exact moment when the act is about to be committed), and watch for this to recur throughout the movie. In one of the most brilliant scenes, in which Cruise and one of the "pre-cogs" are trying to escape capture in a shopping mall, the clairvoyant girl guides Cruise through a series of perfectly orchestrated evasions of their would-be captors. Third is style. I mentioned the special effects. I was getting so sick of movies "STARRING!" some new technology or special effect that my jaw dropped simply from the surprise of a director unafraid to make them a simple backdrop. This isn't "The Matrix": don't go in looking for Tom Cruise to dodge bullets. Instead, expect some slick sequences involving a futuristic world...or is it really that far off? "Popular Science" magazine ran a feature on Tom Cruise's Lexus in this film and pointed out the many features that aren't far away. In "Minority Report"s world, strategically placed eye scanners offer tailored advertisements for every person walking around: anybody have their ...webpage customized? There's also some comedic relief to keep this from being chilling to the bone (although if the thought of somebody touching your eye makes you queasy, I wouldn't recommend seeing this film), a surprising performance by the inconsistent Cruise, and some fantastic support from Max Von Sydow and especially Colin Farrell. Yes, this will make you think. No, there isn't any adrenaline-raising chase or action sequence, although there are scenes so tense that you'll find yourself holding your breath (remember what I said about timing? Watch for a scene with some robotic spiders and you'll see what I mean). But this is still a great movie, cream from this summer's lackluster crop, and destined (I believe) to become a classic. This should be on any serious movie fan's Christmas list.     