 "Big Fish" wants to be so much bigger and better than it is. Indeed, the audience wants it to be too - what movie afficionado didn't go into "Big Fish" secretly hoping for Tim Burton to redeem his recently terrible judgment? And yet at the end, I at least was left unsatisfied. Oddly, the comparison that leaps to mind is "Road to Perdition," Alan Ball's well-intentioned and beautifully crafted movie that suffers from too much telling and not enough story. Both "Big Fish" and "Perdition" are stories about fathers and sons trying to come to grips with one another and their relationship as death slowly creeps up. Both revolve around sons who don't really know their fathers, and fathers who don't know their sons. And both end up feeling hollow and empty at the end. Make no mistake - "Perdition" was well-acted (with a cast that includes Tom Hanks, Jude Law, Paul Newman and talented newcomer Tyler Hoechlin, it would be hard NOT to be), and so is "Fish" (Ewan McGregor, Albert Finney, Jessica Lange, Danny Devito, and Helena Bonham-Carter all turn in fine performances, though McGregor's is the only role with any real substance). And both "Perdition" and "Fish" boast beautifully crafted visuals ("Perdition" owing to the legendary Conrad Hall, "Fish" presumably to the mind of Burton himself and the team he works with). For all their emptiness, both movies are candy to the eyes. The story is where they fall flat. "Fish" seems like a movie that was poorly edited. The story aims to focus on Billy Crudup and Albert Finney's relationship as son and father respectively, trying to overcome years of estrangement before Finney succumbs to cancer. Crudup tries to sort the mythical stories his father has always told from the man himself, to find footing for his own memories of his dad. Good premise. But Burton drops the ball. Their relationship is never really fleshed out - I don't think they spend more than ten minutes on screen together. As Crudup's character points out himself at one point, he is a footnote in his dad's story, which (for all its perhaps poetic discourse on the son's life itself) only leaves us with little or no sympathy for the character at the end. The "voyage" in the movie is nothing more than a rehashing of his father's flashback-style tales, which Crudup complains bitterly about having heard thousands of times before - yet this time he somehow finds meaning in them? Perhaps part of the problem is Crudup's flat performance, but it seems that the movie would have been better served by a few more scenes between father and son. Make no mistake, there are scenes of breathtaking beauty in this film. The moment when Ewan McGregor spies his future wife is magnificent. Finney's voice, aged and sickly, drapes over the scene, dipping from world-weary and misty recollection to sudden and poignant tenderness, his obvious adoration for the woman untouched by his long years of life and current painful suffering. Another comes when Finney and Lange share a fully-clothed moment in a tub together, one of the few moments of truly raw emotion in the movie. The ending feels forced and contrived - the movie plummets rather than eases into a climax that is less of an easing out than a frenzied victory march pushed to a run. It seems like Burton suddenly realized the movie was coming up on two hours and decided to pull the plug. For once, I think an extra half hour of celluloid would have better served the movie as a whole. Burton's talents as a filmmaker are undeniable - and considering his other works, which dive heavily into fantasy, this first attempt at a new style is admirably deft and well-crafted (though certainly it contains fantastical elements). I leave it to the viewer to decide ultimately whether that admiration of filmmaking stylistics is enough to call this a success.     