 First things first, and it must be said: do not, do not, DO NOT go in expecting a word-by-word lifting of the book, verbatim, from page to screen. Director Alfonso Cuaron was not afraid to slice and dice parts from the book in order to deliver this film. And you know what? Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is better for it.  One of the delights, for me, in going back and re-reading the Harry Potter series now that the movies have come out is that the action in the book plays itself out in my head with the actors, sets and scenes from the movies. And what you come to realize in the course of this memory-movie is that some things simply cannot be as effective on celluloid as they are in print. Entire pages of the book are worthless to a film director, for various reasons. Cuaron understands this. J.K. Rowling herself has admitted this.  Chris Columbus, who directed the first two, tried to simply transpose every scene from the book. And instead of good MOVIES, all we ended up with were cartoonish, choppy monstrosities consisting only of scene after scene interposed pretty randomly with each other. I didn't feel like I was watching a movie so much as a series of short sketches and vignettes about life at Hogwarts.  What made Azkaban so phenomenal, in my mind, was Cuaron's deft directing as a result of his willingness to sacrifice some book in the name of a great movie. J.K. Rowling wrote novels, not screenplays, and to try and make apple pie from oranges would just be (as "Sorceror's Stone" and "Chamber of Secrets" proved) clunky and disastrous.  Now, as for the film itself, this is a fine piece of CINEMA from a gifted and exceptional director. He works with these kids in a way that Chris Columbus never did. He draws nuanced, subtle performances from all of them, making me believe these kids might have a future as actors AFTER this series. The range of emotion that Daniel Radcliffe explores in his role as Harry in this film is raw and powerful. For the first time in the cinematic version, we can believe that he truly feels pain over the loss of his parents, pain at the relatively lonely world he moves in. We can see it in his bond with Professor Lupin (played by a delightful Daniel Thewlis), a fatherly male role model who knew Harry's parents. The scene where Lupin and Harry are strolling on a bridge talking, and Thewlis starts to reminisce about Harry's parents, is astonishing. Look at the way Radcliffe plays the scene - the taut, tight storm of emotions flickering across his face. He cannot bear the pain of hearing about his parents, people he will never know...and yet he cannot stop his professor, because this is the only way he ever WILL know them. It is breathtaking acting on Radcliffe's part, and I applaud him for it.  The film looks simply gorgeous. I thought the first two movies were trying to be live-action cartoons: too bright, too garish, too Technicolor and candy-coated. In this film, things are much more realistic: it isn't afraid to go dark, and it's the better for it. The camera in the hands of Alfonso Cuaron is practically an actor in its own right. Shots pan and swoop, drawing back to take in a scene while the production design leaves a single element to glowby virtue of its solitude: the scene where the train stops and the camera pulls in on Ron's hand, the only light in an otherwise dark frame, is a fine example.  The use of time in this film as a thematic element is clever and marginally subtle. Shots pan and dive through the workings of a giant clock, a massive pendulum swings dangerously and incessantly in the background. It's Cuaron's way of showing not only that these kids are rapidly becoming adults, but also overshadows the element of death that this movie deals much more closely with than the first two did.  All in all, I could not be more pleased with this film. I can't understand the critics who say, leave the books be! If they are that much a fan of the novels (as I am), but can't understand that good books do not good movies make, then they shouldn't bother watching the films anyway. My hat's off to Cuaron and Co.: may he come back and direct another Potter movie in the future!     