 In one of my favorite books, "The World According to Garp," there's a line where the main character - an author - thinks back over his work and reflects that his first novel "was still just a first novel." He means that whatever its better qualities, it was hamstrung as a whole by virtue of the mistakes of a first-time author. I've always thought that maxim was fairly accurate - first efforts do tend to lack the polish and skill of an author's later works.  That said, if the same holds true with Ms. Kostova, we are in for a colossal future. Simply put, this is a breathtaking book made all the more glorious by the fact that it is the author's first. I work at a bookstore and was able to read an advance copy of this months ago. To be honest, the advances we read are generally rubbish - foolish cast-offs from publishing houses apparently ashamed of a lack of such silly little things as plot, and so foisted on the hapless bookstore employees in the empty hope of a little word of mouth. Imagine my surprise to take this home on a whim and find out what I had in my hands was nothing less than extraordinary.  Other reviews have gone over the bare bones of the plot - dizzyingly interwoven storylines, historical bent, loads of letters, Vlad the Impaler/Drakulya, etc etc. So I'll skip that part. What other reviewers have failed to mention is the quality of the writing itself. In 656 pages, Ms. Kostova never lets the suspense or the tension waver. The book is chilling, unsettling, but never overly so - it never crosses the line into hoaky, or bizarre, or creepy (so lowbrow). This is the thinking person's Dracula, the considerate person's Dracula, the meticulous and educated person's Dracula.  What is truly exceptional is the sense of melancholy that the author manages to maintain from the first page to the last - this is perhaps what contributes so to the unsettling nature I spoke of. There is hope scattered throughout, but so much of the book is so hauntingly wistful that the emotions ride high the entire time. Love and loss and unrequited love are here in spades, but never exploited, never carried away, never overdone.  Is it hard to tell that I loved this book?  In a year sure to be dominated by Harry Potter, it is nice to know that at least one other author is determined to make a splash - and what an auspicious first-time splash this is! Do take a look - don't balk at the vampiric element, for this is the nosferatu of history, not Anne Rice. An overall tremendous novel from a sure to be bestselling author.     