 ...for better or worse. I remember reading this book for the first time (God, it seems like ages ago) and feeling a chill at parts. Jordan was just starting us on this strange and lengthy journey when he wrote this, and the expectations at the beginning soared. This book is something special. The Wheel of Time series has flaws - read my reviews of the later books if you want to know them - but this first in the series is among the stronger he wrote. Though the dialogue and characterizations are often stilted, awkward, and somewhat sophomoric, they end up taking a backseat to the world that Jordan weaves. Even Tolkien didn't write a world so complex, so breathtakingly and painstakingly detailed and beautifully layered - he may have imagined it, but he didn't write it (not to insult Tolkien, of course: without his imagination, Jordan would likely not be laying this tome in our laps). Jordan spins fresh, creative ideas out of a tired genre. By keeping the more fantastical elements of the narrative as just that - fantastical - he actually cleverly sucks you in. This is no Melanie Rawn or Terry Brooks, where bizarre and mythical creatures outnumber the human elements 5 to 1: this is a world where the characters are as dazed by the odd nightmarish or wondrous monster as we are. Though I'm sure this aggravates as many (if not more) people than it pleases, it helps the reader to connect with the characters more easily, understand their reactions more viscerally. Jordan also takes an almost masochistic pleasure in emphasizing his characters' flaws over their strengths. By the end of the sixth or seventh book, you will be ripping your hair out in frustration at how regularly the main characters are trodden upon, thrust aside, outmaneuvered, outwitted, and made to look like fools. But that just makes you want them to succeed all the more. Unfortunately - as I alluded to above - the honeymoon ends somewhere around book seven, and Jordan has succeeded in dragging the show to Dickensian lengths, creating a series that staggers rather than flourishes under its own weight. Many formerly hardcore fans are now clamoring, not for the next volume of the series, but for the next volume to END the series. This should not scare the new reader away, though: the majority of Jordan's stuff is gold, and you have to start here. Dive in.     