 Darcy O'Brien is among an elite group of the very best authors the true crime genre has to offer.  Rest assured that in this riveting book he proves it once again! Unique among true crime writers, O'Brien actually manages to inject very humorous asides in the midst of his riveting recounting of deadly murder cases.  Rather than pigeonhole people into one dimensional categories like "victim" or "murderer," O'Brien rounds out the portraits of key players, and gives you insight into their quirks, hopes, dreams, strengths, and only too human flaws. Thanks to O'Brien's skilled ability to get inside their heads, the people involved become three dimensional and the reader is able to better understand what led up to their crimes.  Fascinating reading to be sure!    In this case, a fiction writer could not have devised a more colorful cast of characters than Sherry & Benny Hodges, Roger & Carol Epperson, and Donald Bartley, yet this gang is only too real.  In their various attempts to grab the brass ring through largely ill gotten gains, they ultimately end up doing the unthinkable.  The male contingent of the gang embarks on their  mission to relieve Dr. Roscoe Acker, a beloved local physician, of the reported millions tucked away in his home safe.  Tragically, things go too far.  Daughter Tammy, home by chance from college, is stabbed repeatedly, and left to die at her sobbing father's feet.   Meanwhile, Epperson, Hodge, and Bartley make off with approx. $1.9 million in moldy old bills amassed over the doctor's long career.  Despite advice from Sherry, the brains of the outfit, to lay low and not draw attention to themselves, the rest of the gang is unable to resist flashing their cash and shopping like there is no tomorrow.  Inevitably, their lack of discretion leads to their capture.   By convincing larger-than-life local attorney Lester Burns to represent them, yet another fascinating "story within the story" is relayed when he succumbs to temptation and falls from grace.  Unwisely deciding to accept a fee in cash that he undoubtedly must know was part of the proceeds from the robbery, Burns drowns in an ethical quagmire of his own making that deprives him of his very liberty. True crime tends to have loose ends--rarely is a case tied up in a neat package by the end--and this one is no exception.   Although it was clear that these people were reponsible for the Acker robbery and murder, I was not at all convinced that Benny Hodge killed Dr. Acker's daughter, Tammy.  It seemed far more likely that Donnie Bartley was responsible for this senseless homicide, yet he managed to place blame on the others to save his own skin.  Bartley's ability to dodge responsibility was not the most satisfactory outcome, but the unanswered questions about the sequence of events made the story that much more compelling for the reader. I highly recommend this book, and this author.  Darcy O'Brien does not disappoint!     