 Probably my favorite comedy movie of all time (starring Goldie Hawn & Kurt Russell), Overboard has it all! A five star cast, hilarious dialogue, great comedic timing, and marvelous chemistry between Hawn & Russell easily adds up to more than five stars worth of fun.  Supporting cast members like Roddy McDowell, Katherine Helmond, and Edward Herrmann make more than the most from their roles, and really shine. The actors who portray Mrs. Berberich, the school principal, and Dr. Korman, the psychiatrist, really do their part to add comedic punch as well. The movie opens with Goldie Hawn as JoAnna Stayton, a bored, pampered, demanding and imperious heiress--husband Grant is an equally shallow and pompous aristocrat.  They openly despise each other, treat the help like servants, are enamored with possessions over people, and are proof positive that money does not buy happiness.   Enter Kurt Russell as carpenter Dean Profitt, hired to build a new closet on the Stayton yacht.  When petualnt Hawn refuses to pay him for his work and knocks him overboard, Russell vows he will make her pay.  He soon gets his chance when JoAnna falls overboard herself and husband Grant is too preoccupied watching Lifestyles of the Rich & Famous (ostensibly to see if he made it onto a list of the top ten yacht owners!) to hear her cries for help and save her. Once rescued and suffering from amnesia, JoAnna is taken to the mental ward of a local hospital where she terrorizes staff members with her fits and vicious snits.  Only too glad to be rid of her, they fall for Dean Profitt's story that this is his missing wife, Annie, and he is permitted to take her "home."   The Profitt "residence" turns out to be a down-and-out homestead reminiscent of the farm from Green Acres, complete with car parts and debris all over the yard, a limping dog in a cast, and four unruly boys demolishing everything in sight.  Watching Hawn acclimate to this nightmare is totally hilarious.  At one point she sighs..."So, this is my life....I didn't marry very well, did I?"  Too, too funny! By movie's end, Hawn has transformed the unruly household into a happy family home, fallen in love with Russell and his children, and morphed into a real human being.  A funny, funny movie with a feel good ending, Overboard is highly underrated.  I urge you to watch it and share the humor!     