 Author M. William Phelps did a marvelous job of researching and writing this truly terrifying account of nurse Kristen Gilbert, who chose to dispense death instead of offering compassion and care to her charges. Little did the hapless patients at the Veterans Medical Center know that their very lives were at stake, were they unlucky enough to be placed under the "care" of nurse Gilbert.    Gilbert's reasons for killing patients were astounding for their selfishness.  If she wanted to leave work early to meet her lover, hopsital security guard James Perrault, but the responsibility for a patient stood in her way of getting approval to leave, she thought a lethal dose of epinephrine was the perfect solution.  After injecting the patient/obstacle, and ensuring he expired on schedule, she would sail out the door scarcely missing a beat.  How alarming it is that a casual date could mean more to her than the very life of a helpless patient!  Phelps did a great job of setting the scene and making the events that unfolded seem real, even when to most of us her behavior was more similar to a villainess in a fictional horror story.  One of the most fascinating aspects of the case was the metamorphosis of a wife, mother, and seemingly dedicated nurse into the adulterous, sexually obsessed, manipulative serial killer she becomes. Her husband Glen was by all accounts, a genuinely good guy, her children happy and healthy, and her career rewarding.  Many would have felt privileged to enjoy such a life, but somehow Gilbert became unsatisfied, craving illicit thrills over honor and stability.   I applaud her three courageous fellow nurses on Ward C who could no longer ignore the alarmingly increasing incidences of "codes," followed shortly thereafter by the deaths of patients under Gilbert's care.  As much as I admired their actions, integrity, and courage, I was appalled that the hospital administration treated them more like pariahs than the heroes they truly are.  It was a sad example of the growing tendency to "sweep anything under the rug" that could result in adverse publicity.  Regardless, I was glad to see that they were recognized and publicly lauded for their efforts by the police.  Meanwhile, Gilbert ends up behind bars for life, a sentence that pales in comparison to the 40+ lives she ended before their time.  I highly recommend reading this fascinating book!  Phelps skillfully paints a portrait of a psychopathic personality that is nearly impossible to put down!     