 As an avid true crime reader, I was delighted to find a genuine "treasure" of the genre.  Teresa Carpenter's extremely well written book recounts her extensive research and a plentitude of salacious details about a very fascinating case.   Reading this book, I felt the vicarious thrill of "discovering" the inside information that must have been painstakingly collected during the investigation of Robin Benedict's murder. Carpenter leaves no lead unexplored, and no conversation or interview unrecorded, allowing the reader a unique chance to hear about not only the "main players," but what those on the periphery of the investigation could add to the sequence of events. Although Carpenter could have chosen to present the story in a condensed version, I am ever so glad she chose not to do so.  Other true crime aficionados out there will probably enjoy devouring the case in its entirety as much as I did. Detailing the sordid story of how outwardly conservative Dr. William H.J. Douglas, known as "the man" in his research department at Tufts University, became obsessed with graphics-artist-cum-call-girl/con artist Robin Nadine Benedict, Carpenter's book expertly uncovers the events that ultimately lead to Benedict's murder.  Although strictly a professor and a prostitute on the surface, both Douglas and Benedict turn out to be much more than what they seem. Douglas is an overweight, middle-aged, outwardly devoted family man and highly intelligent, dedicated scientist.  Simmering under the surface, however, is a strong urge to explore his hidden, more base desires.  Robin, meanwhile, also plays more than one role.  In her 20's, she is a loyal and devoted daughter to her closeknit family, with potential to succeed as a graphic artist, yet her greedy desire for the material things in life lead her to heed "the call of the streets." After the two meet at the outskirts of the "Combat Zone" and begin "seeing" each other, karma takes its inevitable course.  Douglas finds himself caught up in an obsession so intense he cannot resist its pull.  Depleting his own funds, and shaking his marriage and career aspirations to their foundations in the process, he eventually dips into funds from his research grants to finance his rendezvous with Robin. While Douglas spirals ever downward, Robin uses her ill gotten gains for a down payment on a house with her boyfriend/pimp, J.R. Rogers, and enjoys the rewards of increased monetary gain derived from very little actual "work." For awhile, each of them get what they want--Douglas, a walk on the wild side, and Benedict an inflated net worth--but like all exercises in bad behavior/judgment, it doesn't last. Finally the inevitable happens--Douglas is exposed at work as an embezzler, loses his job, and quickly finds himself persona non grata in the academic world, not to mention at home.  Instead of commiserating with him for her part in his career demise, Benedict keeps the pressure on, mainly for more money. Ulitmately, their cross purposes collide in one final violent showdown that leaves Benedict dead and Douglas in deep disgrace.  In a tantalizing aside, Carpenter hints that the professor's wife may just have had a hand in sending Robin to her maker.  The unanswered questions about her role add to the mystery, and make it that much more intriguing.    Teresa Carpenter, your amazing talent has resulted in one very compelling modern day morality tale--I certainly hope this will not be your last true crime book!     