 To Anson "Buzz" Clinton, wife Kim's family must have seemed more like "outlaws" than "in laws."  Never allowing Kim and Buzz a moment's peace, Mr. & Mrs. Carpenter and eldest daughter Beth Ann were hell bent on gaining custody of Kim's daughter, Rebecca.  They were equally obsessed in their desire to prevent Kim from marrying Buzz, a former exotic-dancer-turned-nurse's aide who was desperately trying to turn his life around and become a responsible man his family could be proud of.   Clinton's parents and siblings loved him dearly, and had no doubt Buzz would succeed in making something special of his life.  Kim Carpenter's family, however, begged to disagree.  Deeming Kim an unfit mother and Buzz an unsuitable mate, Mr. and Mrs. Carpenter and daughter Beth Ann insisted to anyone who would listen that Rebecca would be far better off with them.   Manipulating circumstances, shamelessly using (and hurting!) people who might assist them in their cause, and very often turning the truth into "anything but," the Carpenter's plotted and schemed to no avail.  Ultimately, the courts disagreed with attorney Beth Ann's arguments for custody, and sent Rebecca home to Kim and Buzz.   Unable to accept the thought of Rebecca living in a happy family unit that didn't include HER, Beth Ann took matters into her own hands. Utilizing her good looks, legal talents, and some positively lethal feminine wiles, Beth Ann coerced married-with-four-children lover/boss Haiman Clein into doing the unthinkable. Convincing Clein the only way Rebecca would be "safe" from "abusive" Buzz and "incompetent" Kim was Buzz's untimely death, Clein set out in search of a hit man to make this dream come true for the legal protege he had fallen head over heels for. The end result is a terrible tragedy for so many--all to ensure that Beth Ann and family met their selfish desires at others expense.   Phelps should be credited for digging far deeper into a complex story than many an author would have.  It would have been only too easy for Phelps to brand "hitman" Mark Depres and his misfit coterie of friends, or attorney Haiman Clein, as the villains here and be done with it. Instead, Phelps painstakingly researched the intricacies of this case and discovered "wheels within wheels" to expose the true villain--Beth Ann herself (and more than likely her parents, though they have not been prosecuted to date).   I highly recommend this true crime tour de force--you will find that putting this book down will no doubt prove as much of a challenge as it had to have been to research it.  Five stars to Phelps!     