 If ever a book served as proof that drugs do terrible things to people--and potentially far worse to those innocent victims closest to them--then this is the one.  It also serves as a vivid example of why you should "never judge a book by its cover."  Physically beautiful though she may be, Kristin Rossum is exactly the opposite inside.    Glatt paints a portrait of Kristin as a stunningly lovely, highly intelligent toxicologist, with a dark side that clearly takes over completely once she begins using drugs.  We are led to believe that an injury suffered years earlier, which prevented her from pursuing her promising ballet career, was the impetus for her descent into drug abuse.  Perhaps... Yet, as I read this book I got the uncomfortable feeling that the only real "excuse" for her actions is the fact that something is missing in her very soul.  She reminds me of sociopathic Pam Smart, the murderess from NH who enticed students into doing her bidding by killing her husband (also named Gregg).  Both "Gregs" were very good guys, yet both of their pretty wives appeared to have ice cold blood in their veins.  In Rossum's case, drugs joined that ice water, setting the stage for a real tragedy.    How terribly sad that Ms. Rossum would end up murdering Greg de Villers, the one man who truly cared enough to forgive her for past transgressions (of which there were many) and go above and beyond to save her.  Depicted as heartbreakingly kind, extremely handsome, talented, and a rising young star in the business world, this was a young man who most women would have been only too proud to marry.  His biggest "flaw" seemed to be giving someone like Kristin endless chances to redeem herself, much as she didn't deserve them.  He did everything in his power to bring out her good side and help her leave her drug habit--and the shocking behavior that went along with the substance abuse.  He offered her the wonderful gift of unconditional love--if only she had embraced it.  Probably fully realizing she couldn't, though, I wish she had refused it and allowed him to move on to someone else--a young lady worthy of him and appreciative of his good character.   Instead, Kristin reluctantly goes through with the marriage despite 2nd thoughts, thereby dooming Greg to a short and miserable life with her.   As much as it is a mystery why she would even WANT to cheat on Greg, it is also a mystery to me why she picked Michael Robertson to do it with!  In every possible way, he seemed far beneath Greg de Villers.  Gambling her entire future to murder for THIS CAD defies belief. And sure enough, in the end he was not by her side in any way, but back home in Australia.   Yet another mysterious aspect of the entire sequence of events is the behavior of Rossum's parents.  I was frankly ashamed of Ralph and Constance Rossum.  Understandably, no parent wants to think their own child is a murderer.  However, even if they could not accept what I consider a foregone conclusion--that their daughter did commit this horrible deed--the least they could have done is show even a cursory display of sympathy for Greg's suffering family, and not tell outright lies about their dead son, simply to save their daughter's duplicitous neck.  Instead, they engage in outrageous pettiness, like quibbling with Marie DeVillers about whether she had the "right" to use wedding photos Constance paid for.  It's as if image and money are the "end all and be all" for these people--all they care about is twisting the truth to spare their daughter the prison fate she deserves, looking good to the public, and making money off the story.  For such a "respectable" couple, I personally found their integrity sadly lacking.   Meanwhile, single Mom Marie de Villers kept her dignity, and sons Bertrand and Jerome loyally defended their brother Greg's memory to the end.  It was equally obvious that Greg's colleagues at Orbigen deeply cared for him.  Their concern was touching, and a more fitting tribute to him than the insincere displays of grief from the Rossum's. It was nice to know that amidst all of the evil, there were still some heroes here. As painful as it is to read Glatt's well researched book and realize that the story is true, I am glad I read it, if only to be able to join Greg de Viller's family and friends in expressing deep regret for the loss of such an exemplary young man.     