 Karen Kingsbury manages to do what all addicts of the true crime genre look for--the ability to get inside the psyche of the principals in the case, and pull you in, as if you are right there.  Murder victim Carol Montecalvo came through loud and clear as SPECIAL.  She was a woman who unconditionally loved her fellow man, and never hesitated to reach out, even when it was to her own detriment.  The world lost an everyday hero and inspiration for all around her the day Carol was tragically murdered.  I found myself wishing that something could have happened differently, to allow Carol to get on the plane for Hawaii and enjoy the vacation she worked so hard to make happen.  Since you can't rewrite the past, though, she was killed the night before that much anticipated trip.  As much as I found myself admiring Carol's caliber and mourning her loss, I realized I felt equally as strongly about her husband--only in the exact opposite way.  Despite Carol's obvious effort to rally round this guy, support him in good times and bad, and create a much better public image and renewed chance for a good life than he ever deserved, Dan "rewarded" her for this devotion by engaging in behavior that rocked the foundation of their marriage.  Dan drinked and gambled their scant resources away, he visited prostitutes, he couldn't be bothered to do even the simplest kindness, like escorting his wife to a friend's wedding. While she worked her fingers to the bone, and gave him the gift of pure love from a woman of character, he made her miserable.  For that alone, I think he is right where he should be--in prison for life!  The actual reason he is officially there, though, is for being found guilty of her murder, a conclusion that is very doubtful to me, given the fact that a suspect down the street was more convincing to me as the actual culprit.  At the end of the book you are left wondering if the wrong man was convicted (so fascinating was this mystery to me, that I've reread the book many times trying to figure it out in my own mind).  Despite that, you also feel guilty realizing that you don't CARE if he didn't do it--the way he treated his wife is enough to make you understand how all involved in the case never lost much sleep over the outcome.  In fact, I bet detectives Arnspiger, etc. feel pretty good about the outcome, as well they should.  A guy like Dan shouldn't be among us!  Thanks, Ms. Kingsbury for a thoroughly researched, brilliantly written, compelling look at a case I doubt I will ever forget.  If someone had to tell Carol's story, I am glad it was someone like you who gave her the tribute she deserved.     