 You probably shouldn't, but can't help but try to compare this movie to the German submarine classic movie `Das Boot'.  In my eyes it just doesn't compare. There are just too many plot holes and unbelievable plot elements, mainly in the battle scenes, to make this one enjoyable for me. Bad melodramatic acting, particularly Paxton, and horrible musical score didn't help. There is one short `making of' featurette covering several aspects of making the film but nothing amazingly interesting was revealed.  Most of the techniques were pioneered in other movies. Even with CGI, which wasn't available 20 years ago when `Das Boot' was filmed, U-571 still doesn't look any better than `Das Boot'. Having the production designer from `Das Boot' couldn't make U-571 on par with `Das Boot.' A interesting 1940's news reel on the capture by the Americans of a U-boat is historically entertaining as well as an interview with one of the British sailors that captured the first Enigma machines. A short interview with a historian of the Enigma machine is included, but gives only cursory information, that is better covered in other documentaries. An interview with the WWII submarine consultant is included, but mainly consists of him stating, "Yes, this could have happened," and "Yes, that is realistic," etc. I didn't find it all that interesting. A trailer as well as a two bonus trailers for other films, Pitch Black and EdTV, not even of the same genre are included. The trailer shows scenes that were cut from the final film and these should have been added to the DVD as a bonus feature. The commentary is adequate with the director/writer talking about mainly what he was trying to do. He was trying to remake earlier American submarine movies that he loved as a child and it shows. Hence the overly patriotic theme, visuals, music, acting and script. Overall, there is nothing in the bonus features or the film itself that would make me want this in my collection. If you want a fantastic submarine film and DVD, get the re-mastered Director's Cut `Das Boot' DVD.     