 The commentary from the director and writer was very verbose. They rarely talked about the scenes. This was a commentary that was easier to listen to if you weren't actually watching the movie. Scenes would trigger memories of events happening as they were making the movie and they would go off on tangents for long periods. Although the stories they relate are interesting, I'd prefer they actually talked about scenes in the movie.  Another drawback to the commentaries was you couldn't change them by using the `Change Audio' button, but had to change it at the main menu.  Since you couldn't hear the dialogue during the commentary, it would have been nice to be able to easily switch back and forth. The full-length documentary film `Full Tilt Boogie' was interesting and showed what it was like shooting the film.  This comes on a completely separate DVD. The name of the documentary comes from a line one of the crew uses to describe the shooting of the film. The gallery stills run very fast and aren't that interesting. The music videos include the song used for Salma's dance. This is just lifted from the film and some other shots from the film are intercut, but nothing new. The Zztop song is included and features Clooney and Salma in a completely different location. It looks like someone's expense house. The plot for the video isn't very interesting. The outtakes are mainly actors not getting their lines right and aren't funny.  The cut scenes aren't very interesting either. The longest one being a much more graphic and gross bar fight scene which even I couldn't stomach. The director also gives commentary on how he shot the opening scene and the bar fight scenes. This was along the lines of his commentary for `Desperado', only not as good. Finally the a 30-minute featurette is also included and gives some more interviews with the cast and crew, some scenes are lifted from `Full Tilt Boogie.' Overall, I'd say if you have this film on the previously released DVD, I wouldn't bother replacing it. There is nothing interesting enough that is added.     