 Let me say that I like the movie and Jovovich's performance.  The film is also more historically accurate to Joan life then the TV series with Sobieski. You aren't reading this to hear if you want to see the movie, but  if you want to buy the DVD, so I'll review the DVD and this International  version which is different from the American version shown in theaters.   The picture quality is good especially the battle scenes and landscapes  although in somewhat dim scenes the background did not have a lot  definition which I don't remember from the theater. The sound quality was  fine.  I'll break down the difference from the International version with  the American theater release version one by one and my own take them.   2:30 minutes was added to the scene where the Dauphin chooses who will  be the impostor.  This is a good addition because it introduces the  characters that will be Joan's captains in the following battles.  A  single line, where Joan tells the Dauphin her message.  I didn't like this  because the Dauphin never told anyone what Joan said to him to make him  believe in her.  The American version left this a mystery too. 7 minutes  (a whole chapter, 3 scenes) was added right after the private audience  where various officials examine and interview Joan.  I liked this because  historically this is what happened, although I don't agree about how it was  done, a bit ridiculous, and it could have been cut in half.  A few lines  here and there that I don't remember, particularly during the battle scenes  that made the battles seem a little bit less intense. For example, "Do  something!" "What do you want me to do?" "I don't care, just do something!"  which are lines I don't remember, but I could be wrong. None-the-less some  parts of the battles seemed less intense to me from what I remember.  I  may be mistaken, but there seemed to be some deleted scenes too.  The trial  seemed shorter in the International version, which makes sense considering  Americans love of the TV trial a la O.J. Simpson; they would have made it  longer.  I also think the lines where Joan screams out "Jesus!" were  deleted which I didn't care for because it was reported that she did scream  out his name.  The final burning scene seemed rather abrupt. I could have  sworn they had a scene where they brought her out, tied her down, and read  the charges before burning her.    I'd definitely buy this DVD if you like  the movie.  It would have been nice to get both versions of the film on  this DVD much like they did for the Abyss. If you are interested in  learning more about her, "Joan of Arc: Her Story" by Regine Pernoud is an  excellent book as well.     