 A very long film by modern standards that could have been cut down in the long marching through the jungle scenes, none-the-less, a classic film. The DVD is a good restoration of such an old film.  However there are a lot of floating hairs particularly in the opening and ending scenes. A few places the picture jumped like you were watching the movie on a reel film that misaligned for a few cells. Thankfully this only happened twice for a short period during most of the film. The sound was adequate. Overall the restoration could have been better. I've seen better in films almost as old. The DVD special features were okay. The best was a documentary produced in 2000 that is very good. This special feature alone makes this set of DVD's worth it. It has good interviews with many of the crew who worked on this film. It runs about an hour and is very interesting. None of the cast was interviewed. Most of them are no longer living. The original featurette produced in the 60's was moderately interesting. It sounds like the same guy that did the Twilight Zone voice-overs narrated it. It views more like an extended trailer. The best information is given in the newer documentary. The `USC Short Film Narrated by William Holden' looks to be a film produced in the 60's to show film students how to watch and evaluate a film. The only reason this seems to be included is that it uses `The Bridge Over the River Kwai' as an example of how to watch a film. Interesting in a funny sort-of-way, but probably you would watch it once then never again. An Appreciation and Discussion by Filmmaker John Milius was the most annoying of the special features. It consists of mostly this guy Milius stating why he thought the movie was a classic. I kept thinking who is this guy and why do I care why he liked the movie? Most of his comments about the film were very inane. Thankfully it runs only about 8 minutes. The photo gallery was done in an interesting way. It runs through automatically with the music of the film. However, the posters shown are all very similar and after about 5 minutes I became bored. It runs about 8 minutes. Finally trailers for the film as well as for Guns of Navarone, Lawrence of Arabia, Fail Safe and a couple other that slip my mind are included. The trailer for Fail Safe is very funny in a historical perspective way. Overall the DVDs are a good value for the film, the exclusive documentary, and the trailer of Fail Safe. If I knew of a better film restoration of the movie I would get it, but I don't think a better restoration will be forthcoming.     