 "World music" has been the lazy moniker used in the US for any artist making music outside the dominion of the American-based recording industry. Unfortunately that's why a talented duo like Amadou Bagayoko and Mariam Doumbia is unlikely to find themselves in the commercial mainstream here despite having a recording career that extends back three decades. They have a fascinating story behind them - both were blind students at Bamako's Institute for Young Blind People in Mali, who shared a passion for their native music. They married, started touring any venue in their part of the world and extending to European stops, all the while incorporating musical cues from the various locales into their compositions.  Their latest disc is an intoxicating blend of West African traditional sounds and a more European-style beat consciousness. The latter is due primarily to their association with Manu Chao, the eclectic French-Latin alternative music star, who helped with production duties. Both Amadou and Mariam are pleasing vocalists who perform the mostly French lyrics with aplomb. Several tracks showcase their melding beautifully -  "La Fte Au Village" and "Beaux Dimanches" (with its mournful trumpet) have actual village sounds providing the background to the rhythmic music, and with its slightly dated siren samples and heavy use of organ, "La Ralit" has a reggae flavor that casts a spell. The harmonies, however, often take a backseat to Amadou's dexterous skill as a guitarist, especially as he attacks Dick Dale-style on the introduction to "Coulibaly" and strums sweetly on "Politic Amagni".  The standout performances here are the chaotic, harmonica-driven "Sngal Fast Food", the multi-layered urban soundscape "Taxi Bamako", and the disc's centerpiece, "M'bif", which they perform in three distinctly different versions - first as a plaintive folk song over exotic-sounding stringed instruments and a thumping bass, then as a more percolating reflection of the disc's borderless rhythms, and as the closing track with a spoken word track that deepens the lovelorn nature of the song. There are some less successful, out-of-left-field tracks, for example, "Gnidjougouya", which seems more heavily influenced by Indian rhythms to reflect the lyrics that speak of abandonment. Regardless, this is a fine disc that has crossover possibilities with the often thrilling sounds produced by not only Amadou and Mariam but Manu Chao as well.     