 In the spirit of Dilbert, "The Office" (either colonial or non-colonial version), or "Office Space", this loopy novel by author and former Hewlett-Packard marketer Max Barry represents a delectable skewering of corporate culture at its most pretentious. Barry sets his story in the whispered halls of Zephyr Holdings, a Seattle-based company, where a sales division member named Roger is bewildered that one of the doughnuts is missing from the box delivered at the morning meeting. Everyone notices, but for fear of being labeled petty, no one says a word. Alas, what starts out as Roger's sacrificial lamb status with the doughnuts turns into a perceptive account of what it will take for him to climb the corporate ladder. Driven by vengeance over the next nine months due this defining incident, he eventually accumulates the power he needs to right the wrong. It seems like a silly premise, but the greater point Barry makes is that it doesn't take much for people to dehumanize themselves to overtake others to reach the next rung on the ladder.  The author covers all the bases in all their incessant, relatable detail - not only the symbolism of doughnuts and the morning sales meeting, but also more pertinent issues such as job security, work/life balance, maternity leaves, the vagaries of corporate policy and even assigned parking spaces. What's more, Barry provides a greater context for the company by addressing the broader economic and social implications of the actions Roger takes in his quest to the top. This insight lends resonance beyond the inevitable political backstabbing and Machiavellian thinking that goes on at all levels from cubicle dwellers to executive management. There is an odd sense of reassurance that Barry provides when one realizes the experiences of the corporate cogs at Zephyr are really no different than those experienced anywhere in corporate America. The sad twist is that Barry confirms the fear that those running companies like Zephyr are indeed inflicting the type of fear that is conveyed so adroitly in the book. Obviously, his years as an underling at HP have him authoritative on the subject. This is a fun, incisive read and a bit painful for the truths he uncovers.     