 I never read a Nick Hornby book before, and I was not prepared for the sharp satirical eye and keen observational skills he adroitly displays here. The title of his novel refers to a suicide jump from the roof of a building known as Topper's House, where four characters, three English and one American, come on New Year's Eve to commit suicide. They attempt to talk one another out of the fateful deed, but the lingering threat of suicide haunts their tenuous friendship throughout the story, as voiced by the alternating voices of the four disparate narrators. Predictably the plot focuses on the characters bonding and discovering, through connections with each other, reasons to go on living. The concept sounds trivial, almost like a fable, but the execution is quite plausible, sensitive and sometimes quite amusing thanks to Hornby's quicksilver writing style and consequently allows each character his or her fair share of humanity and humor.   The four sound a bit like stereotypes in a mid-1970's disaster movie. Maureen is a meek, sanctimonious woman whose life has been devoted to caring for her profoundly disabled adult son, comatose since birth. She wants to jump off the building holding a copy of Richard Yates' novel "Revolutionary Road" as a means to boost sales for the author. Perhaps to enhance the melodramatic possibilities of his premise, Hornby has painted the remaining three as semi-famous celebrities at the beginning of the story. Martin is a familiar TV talk show host and tabloid columnist until an affair with a fifteen-year-old girl obliterates his career and family. He has been reduced to interviewing nobodies on an obscure cable-access channel, FeetUp!TV. JJ is a young American musician so rocked by the rapid collapse of his band and his love life that he resorts to delivering pizzas for a living. Foul-mouthed and drug-abusing Jess is the unstable daughter of a young politician, whose big sister has disappeared and may be dead.  All four seem like soloists learning to become an ensemble who get past a lot of prejudices and not without incident, like flawed singers trading dissonant but heartfelt solos. Unsurprisingly, they all wind up some place quite different at the end of the book from where they expected. They eventually reunite even attempting a group intervention at a Starbucks when things go south for their burgeoning friendship. Such is Hornby's dry sense of humor. Despite the rich comedy, there is uneasiness in the subject matter. While Hornby's sensibility is perfectly matched to the quirkier elements here, he seems less comfortable with the subject of suicide itself. He generally opts for the comedy than dealing with the darker elements, and the novel simply tapers off in a pat manner with hints of reluctant affirmation among the characters. Hornby makes me care about these four failed suicides because he realistically illustrates how their lives improved almost imperceptibly. It's a subtle growth that signals a major writing talent.     