 I wonder if it's a coincidence that Yasujiro Ozu's 1953 "Tokyo Story" and this 1952 masterwork from Akira Kurosawa were released just months apart in Japan, as both deal with the disappointments between parents and children in similarly penetrating ways. It's likely that post-WWII Japan, especially after the Allied occupation ended in 1951, saw an overall deterioration of the family unit as Western influences took hold of the socioeconomic structure.  This one goes even further in adding local government bureaucracy as a key factor in diminishing the self-worth of those who sacrificed their lives in meaningless jobs. A particularly effective sequence early in the film involves the local bureau's reaction to a proposal to build a park with each department representative claiming that its hands are tied and passing the buck to another department in ceaseless red tape.  The focus here is on Kanji Watanabe, a stamp-wielding chief of affairs who routinely halts civic project proposals that come across his desk, which is covered with stacks of unread documents. At his job for thirty years, Watanabe earns the nickname of "The Mummy" for his catatonic manner, but when he learns he has stomach cancer and has six months to live, he takes stock of all he has left undone. Saddled with a son and daughter-in-law who hypocritically feel burdened by him (even though they live in his house), Watanabe embarks on an obsessive journey to find redemption. It takes him from Tokyo's seedy nightlife - some of the more vibrantly surreal scenes are contained here - through an oddly erratic and strictly platonic relationship with a young female colleague named Toyo, whose spirit inspires him to do something right before he dies. The last hour of the lengthy film suddenly becomes a flashback from Watanabe's wake, which retraces his monomaniacal effort to support a group of housewives to build a children's playground where a toxic cesspool exists. The switch in perspective is initially jarring, but it gradually makes sense as it is meant to show the effect of Watanabe's good deeds on others and questions whether they will have a lasting effect on them. As it turns out, the cancer liberates Watanabe from the futile life he led and makes him a greater man than anyone could have imagined with the park as his undeniable legacy.  Truth be told, Kurosawa is not as subtle as Ozu when treading such sensitive subject matter, for instance, Kurosawa films actual flashback scenes to understand Watanabe's evolving relationship with his son, whereas Ozu would merely imply the distance between them. However, Kurosawa builds the appropriate gravitas as the story unfolds in a sometimes glacial manner. Takashi Shimura, a Kurosawa regular who would gain greater renown as the leader of "The Seven Samurai" two years later, is deeply affecting as Watanabe. With his frozen cow-eyes and slumping posture, he captures the discomforting nature of this hapless man who finds his purpose just before it's too late. He achieves a brutal poignancy with his nightclub-set singing of his theme song, "Life Is Brief", his lips hardly moving and his eyes cast in a downward stare toward oblivion. The last shot of him on the swing, magically framed by a jungle gym in a light snowfall as he sings his theme, is an utterly transcendent moment. I am on the fence about Miki Odagiri's performance as Toyo - on one hand, she fully embodies the free, uninhibited spirit of her downscale character, and yet, she can go overboard with her ebullience during key moments. I also feel the nightlife sequences go on a little too long as they appear to provide simply an opportunity for an indulgent novelist, played by Yunosuke Ito, to go on about the joys of the road not taken.  Minor flaws aside, this is a moving film that encompasses the importance of bringing purpose to one's life even if you have little time left in this world. The two-disc Criterion Collection set contains plenty of extras - an informative commentary track provided by Stephen Prince, author of "The Warrior's Camera: The Cinema of Akira Kurosawa", as well as two documentaries. One is an 81-minute film, "A Message from Akira Kurosawa", about Kurosawa's late-career creative process around the filming of 1991's "Rhapsody in August", and the other is a more engrossing  41-minute film, which focuses exclusively on "Ikiru" and has a rare interview with Shimura.     