 For those who are afraid of taking the dark journey into the soul of the mid-eighties AIDS epidemic, this adventurous film will not allay your fears of experiencing its brutalizing effects and the unrelenting aftermath that holds us hostage to this day. What is surprising about this movie is that it captures not so much the play's dramatic impact (a given with this production's pedigree), but rather the epic sweep, fantastical elements and brittle humor with a heart-pumping gusto rare for any movie. But this is no ordinary movie given that playwright Tony Kushner wrote a groundbreaking two-play masterpiece over a decade ago that serves as a sweeping indictment of Reagan-era homophobia, medical apathy and social ignorance. It certainly doesn't hurt that legendary director Mike Nichols has guided this ambitious drama with an amazing cast that only starts with Al Pacino, Meryl Streep and Emma Thompson.  The story primarily follows three characters whose lives intertwine - Prior, a young man dying of AIDS; his ex-boyfriend, Louis; and Joe, Roy Cohn's ambitious protg, a closeted Mormon married to a woman slipping into delusional depression while he starts an affair with Louis. The fictitious characters are counterweighted by a subplot that centers on Cohn, the demagogic McCarthy-era lawyer who willingly convicted the Rosenbergs and whose closeted promiscuity led him to his 1986 death from AIDS. In his heartfelt adaptation, Nichols allows Kushner's poetic soliloquies full reign and films New York City as an epic backdrop to depict an epochal time. With a six-hour running time, the story certainly takes its time winding through several stories to its conciliatory conclusion, but not a single moment seems wasted here. A major part of its pleasure is how unexpected the plot turns are and how seemingly jarring images and scenes gradually make sense within the torrential stream of the storyline.  The acting is uniformly superb but not in a way that one would have expected. The veteran leads are predictably strong, yet they do not dominate the ensemble. As Cohn, Pacino rages like he was onstage in an Italian opera, seducing and poisoning everyone around him as he produces his own kind of virus in embodying the corrupted American Dream. Streep, as ever the acting chameleon, gets to play three characters - a pallor-white ghost of Ethel Rosenberg, a bravura turn as an aged rabbi and most significantly, Joe's repressed Mormon mother who unlike her son, gains greater self-awareness by the movie's end. Thompson gets to play three smaller roles in a stunning fashion equal to Pacino and Streep, most memorably as the angel crashing through Prior's ceiling. I have to admit though that as impressive as Streep and Thompson are, it is rather distracting to see them cast in multiple roles for their obvious versatility, which takes away somewhat from the veracity of the story.  Regardless of the veterans' contributions, it is really the acting by the younger actors that makes this movie transcendant, especially since they have the bulk of the screen time. Justin Kirk, Ben Shenkman and especially Patrick Wilson are all excellent as Prior, Louis and Joe, respectively. Kirk avoids mawkishness with fiery intensity. Wilson gets kudos for greatly underplaying his role to haunting effect against the dramatic fireworks spewed on him in scenes with Pacino and Mary-Louise Parker. His sense of lost identity is palpable at the end. Parker movingly plays Joe's wife, Harper, who takes Valium to insulate herself from the world crashing around her. She mixes self-pity and humor seamlessly into a character that alternately rankles and cowers. And as the film's moral center in a blazing performance that cuts to the heart of the messages of intolerance and ignorance, Jeffrey Wright plays Belize, a flashy but truthful confidante to Prior and Louis and acerbic nurse to the dying Cohn. When the ensemble acting is at this high a level for six hours, it is hard to imagine what the effect of a mediocre performance would have had on such a potentially unwieldy project.   There are a lot of grandstanding speeches of self-revelation that may alienate some viewers, especially those who may not be able to appreciate the story within its historical context. But I like to view "Angels in America" as grand opera with powerful themes that need to play to the back rows. It is impossible to think of a movie, much less a TV-movie, with a more ambitious emotional scope and a deeper sense of revelation. I only wish the DVD included extras commensurate with the production itself, but alas, that will happen in future commemorative editions, I'm sure. For now, this is an epic to be savored.     