 Doomed to repeat history, according to New York Times reporter James Risen in his shocking expos of a tome, appears to be the course of the Bush administration. Just a month ago, on December 16, Risen was one of two reporters who broke the story alleging that the National Security Agency (NSA) has been conducting surveillance activities around numerous private communications. The mid-December timing of the story after the Iraq election is an understandable source of controversy since the story may have been held for over a year, but the revelation provides further evidence of the Bush administration's deconstruction of the Constitution.  In just one chapter of his halting book, Risen quotes extensively from anonymous sources in painting a picture of the spying program the NSA launched in 2002. It was done after the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) began to capture high-ranking al-Qaida operatives overseas, taking their computers, cell phones and personal phone directories. According to the author, the CIA then turned the telephone numbers and e-mail addresses from the material over to the NSA, which then began monitoring the phone numbers. Anyone in contact with the telephone subscribers was investigated, and this consequently led to an expansion of the monitoring internationally as well as domestically. The justification given was that it was a time of war, Americans were facing a ruthless enemy and long-enforced rules had to be broken. The public was outraged, and Congress vowed to begin an investigation. As Risen points out, what makes the NSA's current secret domestic eavesdropping program far more of a threat than ever before is the explosion in digital telecommunications, including cell phones and e-mail.  Just as the specter of Watergate rears its head with the NSA spying activities, we also see President Bush condemning Iran for expanding their nuclear weapons program. The irony is that Risen discloses that the CIA carried out a Clinton-approved operation in 2000 (Operation Merlin) intended to delay Iran's nuclear capabilities by feeding them flawed blueprints for key missing components. The strategy has purportedly backfired and may actually have aided Iran. The author asserts that the flaw was likely detected and corrected by a former Soviet nuclear scientist the operation used to make the delivery. Ironically, the blueprint may then have yielded useful information. In yet another chapter on so-called rogue operations, Risen divulges that a CIA officer mistakenly sent one of its Iranian agents information that could be used to identify virtually every spy the agency had in Iran. The book said the Iranian was a double agent who turned over the data to Iranian security officials. The information severely damaged the CIA's Iranian network, and quoted CIA sources as saying several of the U.S. agents were arrested and jailed. Both examples appear to reflect the self-inflicted consequences of the CIA's unsuccessful attempts to subvert Iran.   With regard to Iraq, Risen writes that the CIA ignored intelligence reports that Iraq had abandoned its nuclear arsenal plans more than a decade ago. Instead, it was the hard-line Israelis to whom Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and his deputy, Paul Wolfowitz, sought information, not the cautious CIA. Apparently Israeli intelligence officials frequently traveled to Washington to brief top American officials, even though CIA analysts advised that Israeli intelligence reports were dubious given that Mossad had obvious about the Arab world. In a vivid description, Risen characterizes Rumsfeld as an Iago-like master of all bureaucracy. The secretary outmaneuvered colleagues in the Cabinet, notably Condoleezza Rice and Colin Powell, in his quest for usable information to support the President's policies no matter how misinformed the source. The most penetrating and ironic insight Risen provides is Bush Sr.'s alleged disdain of his son's reliance on Rumsfeld and other neoconservatives for foreign policy guidance.   Regardless, the author reserves his harshest criticism for then-CIS director George Tenet, an ineffectual link who had to decide between the wise counsel of his analysts and field agents who advised caution when it came to Iraq, and Rumsfeld's brigade hungry for war. Intimidated by Rumsfeld, Tenet was busy courting his approval rather than briefing him on the facts. This allowed the neoconservative ideologues to press ahead with war, torture of prisoners and massive NSA eavesdropping. Along with George Packer's "The Assassins' Gate: America in Iraq" and Kenneth Pollack's "The Persian Puzzle: The Conflict Between Iran and America", Risen's book is essential reading on the current political malaise that is making mincemeat of the Constitution.     