 The three song cycles on "Berlioz: Les Nuits d'Ete" represent yet another dramatic departure for countertenor David Daniels, as he continues to break new ground with his incredibly rich and flexible voice. He already took a wildly imaginative leap with last year's "A Quiet Thing" (also strongly recommended), but this time, he takes a different direction with a seamless program of mid-to-late 19th century French art songs from Berlioz and Faure and early 20th century Greek folk songs from Ravel.   One could start to take for granted Daniels' immense skill and vocal dexterity if he were to stay within the strict realm of Handel arias and Baroque cantatas...and some of his more myopic, bluenose critics would prefer that. However, he continues to expand the countertenor repertoire in an exciting way without losing his artistic integrity, no small accomplishment considering how he is the one who brought his particular voice type to a whole new audience. Yet one never gets the sense that he is showboating for the masses, rather Daniels stays true to where he sees his own potential for growth as a performer. Adding to that evolution, his voice on this CD has taken on a burnished tonal quality that is less preternaturally gymnastic and more nuanced than his earlier CDs. Evidence of this wondrous evolution can be found on his takes of Berlioz's "La spectre de la rose" and Faure's "En sourdine". By the way, the French pouring out of this South Carolina-born and -bred singer is impeccable.   What is particularly nice about this disc is that it feels like an actual recital complete with long instrumental interludes from conductor John Nelson and the Ensemble Orchestral de Paris, who provide smooth, melodious transitions between the disparate cycles. Ravel's "Pavane pour une infante defunte" is particularly beautiful. The cumulative effect is dreamlike, haunting and extremely heartfelt. It is hard to imagine that a more beautifully crafted CD could be released this year.       