 Author Carlos Eire led a fairly charmed life as a child in pre-Revolution Cuba. In this intriguing memoir, he writes of his idyllic life in the suburbs of Havana just before Castro evicted Batista. As the son of a prominent judge who believed he was the reincarnated King Louis XVI, Eire experienced privilege, Catholic guilt and voodoo curses inflicted by the family maid. But his childhood slowly disintegrated after the Batista government fell, while rumors circulated that Castro would separate children from families. Eire's mother insisted on getting the boys out, but his already estranged father did not, an act that continued to haunt the author through his adulthood. Eire and his older brother then became two of the 14,000 children airlifted out of Cuba in Operation Pedro Pan in 1962. They eventually reunited with their mother and settled in Chicago.  The author writes with exacting detail, which for the most part, serves him well in describing a life torn asunder and ultimately put back together through persistence and faith. At the same time, I get the feeling he misses the privileged life he had in Havana almost too much, and the book becomes exasperating in what comes across sometimes as an obsession with his past. And in certain ways, the author still seems angry about the loss of his pre-Castro existence of swimming pools and extravagant birthday parties, not an appealing trait for a man now in his fifties. Perhaps this tone was intentional since the effect of the airlift left him that much more unprepared for life in the United States. But he gets a bit too much mileage out of relatively trivial things like his phobia with lizards. Every page seems crammed full of incidental information, yet somehow Eire succeeds in keeping me compelled by how he copes. I also give the author credit for not turning this book into a diatribe against Castro as that would have been too easy a route to take. He seems genuinely conflicted about the current state of his native country, and that seems like the most honest aspect of the book. Eire has said he was inspired to write his story by the Elian Gonzales case, but Eire's story seems more singular, more idiosyncratic than even little Elian's story. An unexpectedly effective memoir even with all its flaws, highly recommended for those interested in Cuba during that volatile period.     