 Having seen the recently produced "Bush's Brain" on DVD and especially after reading this book, I have to admit I am confused as to who is really running the country. Is it Bush, Cheney or Karl Rove? If you are to base your opinion on this well documented, insightful book, one could surmise that Bush is actually the least important of the trio, at least behind the scenes, a virtual front man for the other two. Left-leaning journalist John Nichols presents the sitting Vice President as a man of few words who has spent his career as the ultimate schemer, accumulating power for the sake of power and self-enrichment. Like Rove, Cheney is not a man who enjoys the limelight, though in Cheney's elected capacity, he knows he needs to get some exposure given that he holds down the second most important job in America...at least on the surface. The irony is that the Bush administration has allowed a man lacking the glibness, social ease and looks of many traditional politicians to move quietly and relentlessly, the author says, toward a lifelong goal of ever-increasing power. Nichols has a straightforward thesis here: Cheney has achieved that goal -- and is president in all but title. It is Nichols' unsurprising contention that Cheney is actually the one running the country.  Now while it's hard to dispute that Cheney has amassed power and promoted the Iraq war, it does seem too simplistic to make Bush a zero in the political calculus, especially after 9/11, which other authors say focused Bush and contributed to a sense of personal mission. Still, Nichols sticks vehemently to his position, as he details Cheney's track record as a Washington insider whose Congressional votes, statements and other details have largely been ignored by the press corps. For instance, in the chapter "Apartheid's Congressman," Nichols documents Cheney's record in the House. The author counts 10 votes by Rep. Cheney opposing various measures to pressure South Africa to end its apartheid system, which long subjugated the country's black majority - including a vote against calling for the release of political prisoner Nelson Mandela, who would go on to become president. In fact, Cheney as a congressman was so isolated on his positions that he was a member of the rather infamous "Less Than 10 Club". Nichols says that among 435 representatives, he was one of four to vote against the Undetectable Firearms Act of 1988, a plastic gun measure; one of eight who opposed the Older Americans Act in 1987 (a nutrition program); one of eight who voted against reauthorization of the Clean Air Act; one of nine who opposed a plan to grant federal employees time off to care for sick relatives.  Obviously this does not reflect a man committed to social , political or environmental reform.  Nichols asserts that we are living through a Dick Cheney war under a Dick Cheney presidency. The Machiavellian tendencies, as documented by Nichols, are frightening and would make even Karl Rove blush. Even though he includes extensive annotations, the book is polemical albeit one with a revelatory stance on whom is really pulling the strings in the Bush administration. More often than not, I tend to believe what Nichols states here. Before the election next month, I suggest you read this book, watch "Bush's Brain" on DVD and then see if Bush is the leader you think he is.     