 We were told about the Vikings and the Indians in elementary school history classes, but for all intents and purposes, the perception was that life didn't begin in the New World before Columbus arrived. Science writer Charles C. Mann challenges this widely held notion with his fascinating if a bit scattershot chronicle of what life was like in the Western Hemisphere before Columbus's arrival. Mann's purpose with this book is to deconstruct the belief that pre-Columbus America was a howling wilderness thinly populated by small congregations of savages in pure survival mode. On the contrary, what he finds through his research is an America hosted by a good number of highly advanced civilizations. In fact, so successful were these mini-societies that the population of what is now North and South America was equal to or greater than that of the Europe in Columbus's time.  Mann discloses that many scholars now insist that native settlement began at least 20,000 years ago, when fishing peoples arrived in small, open boats from coastal Siberia. Their descendants developed especially productive modes of horticulture which sustained a population explosion. He meticulously lists the mathematical and scientific accomplishments of peoples such as the Mayans, Incas, and Aztecs, and shows how the Indian tribes of North America were populous and had already removed much of the wilderness to suit their own needs. It is his gathered conclusion that by 1492, Indians in the two American continents numbered about 100 million, or roughly ten times previous estimates. The book is fertile with such revelations, and the resulting tome provides a wide-ranging scope in terms of the different civilizations he uncovers. They range from the Illinois plain and the Massachusetts coast to the Andes and the Amazon rainforest.  There is a rich mixture of history, legend and scholarship in Mann's writing but not a real attempt to explain more cohesively how these civilizations thrived. As we discover, the natives sometimes overcrowded the land and strained local supplies of water, wood and game animals. More often, however, they managed their local nature ably, sustaining large populations for centuries. The author documents a multitude of scientific theories, and he questions their accuracy with acuity but with a surprising lack of focus. Yet, even with these cautions, the book is chockfull of interesting tales of places like the great Inca city of Tenochtitlan. At its height, it was more populous than present-day Paris. He also describes Tawantinsuyu on Lake Titicaca, a marvel of architecture and economic prosperity none of which remains today. The most intriguing story is the city that used to exist across the Mississippi from modern-day St. Louis, apparently the largest settlement north of the Rio Grande.  As a turning point, 1492 has always been presented as the introduction of sustainable civilization to the New World, but Mann pierces this myth by painting a vivid picture of colonizers swarming over the land and determined to subjugate the natives. With their weaponry of gunpowder and steel, the Europeans also introduced voracious livestock which invaded and consumed native crops. The biggest eye-opener is the fact that the foreign-bred cows, chickens and pigs carried diseases previously unknown to the natives. In fact, the greatest demographic catastrophe in global history occurred when lacking immunity, the Indians died by the millions, reducing their numbers to a tenth of their previous population by 1800.  Mann's prose is lively enough, but sometimes he gets highly technical with a lack of dexterity to translate his findings. His tendency to get bogged down in the minutiae leads to some confusing debates between older and newer scholars. I was hoping for a greater sense of viewpoint among the various theories since some strike me as far weaker than others. For example, he concludes rather simplistically that Indian precedents link directly to American democracy, which supposedly caused the dissolution of European hierarchies of command and control. The lack of perspective probably has to do with the author's journalistic background, which puts more focus on fact presentation than on an organized narrative. Without greater structure and perhaps due to the lack of an anthropologist's instincts, the book tends to bounce between centuries and across vast continents in a repetitive and at times, contradictory fashion.  Regardless, Mann's book is a triumph of fresh material on a timeworn subject in allowing us to re-examine how we teach the ancient history of the Americas and how we live with the environmental consequences of colonization. In the final chapters, the author confronts the clash between environmentalists and developers and the inevitable ramifications. This is a fascinating read for even non-anthropologists.     