 Unlike the dynastic background of our current President, Bill Clinton was not raised with expectations to become the leader of the free world. His informative but rather epic autobiography, "My Life", is so much like him - high-minded, long-winded, effusive, non-linear, an obsession with the minutiae - and that's why Washington Post political reporter John F. Harris provides great value in writing the first balanced perspective on the Clinton presidency. What comes across most clearly here is Clinton's unsurpassable survival instinct no matter how dire the odds. Harris focuses almost exclusively on the White House years organized chronologically for the most part, interviewing many key players though apparently not the Clintons themselves.  Beginning in 1993, Clinton's first two years are sheer chaos - the health-care failure (led by wife Hillary), followed by Newt Gingrich's rise in power in late 1994. However, Clinton rebounds in 1995, with successes in the Mexican currency spiral, in Bosnia and against Gingrich in the government shutdown. Clinton becomes steadily more popular with the American people and would eventually enjoy consistently higher poll ratings than even Reagan. Moreover, he glides easily to re-election in 1996 (despite not breaking the fifty-percent plurality threshold) and successfully imposes his own model of progressive centrism, "a mild but innovative brand of liberalism that favored economic growth over redistribution, and embraced free trade rather than taking refuge in protectionism." There is a period of relative stability in 1996 and 1997, which comes to a crashing end thanks to Monica Lewinsky and Kenneth Starr. But again, Clinton survives this debacle, even though Gore suffers more of the repercussions in his own subsequent bid for the presidency.   Throughout these tumultuous years, Harris sees the seesaw tension within Clinton between the realist and the romantic - a sharp-minded policy wonk with an intellectual sensibility and the "Bubba" persona that leads him to self-destructive behavior. The "Sunday Morning Clinton" is detail-oriented and conscientious if somewhat defensive as he uses Reagan-style positioning on budget balancing and welfare reform but ensuring progressive Democratic touches persist. For every negative perception of Clinton's administration - a sense of chaos is pervasive among his staff - the author shows a true leader who always has the most energy and passion in the room. His generosity of spirit often leads to excess in his behavior whether it is eating or sex.  Harris also presents evidence to belie the notion that the President is purely a populist as he went against popular opinion on some key issues - deficit reduction, fortifying the weakening Mexican peso, intervention in the Kosovo crisis. The author shows Clinton to be the most nimble of politicians, his Teflon-like nature apparently due to a high pain threshold. Clinton knows to celebrate in the face of defeat and remain humble when victorious. These skills help him survive the Lewinsky scandal when he made Kenneth Starr one of America's most hated men. It's an amazing personal accomplishment when one stops to think about how he endures the most public of humiliations and concurrently juggles strategies until he rises phoenix-like yet again, appearing just a bit chastened after the Senate refused to convict him.  The most compelling part of the book is Harris' analysis of the relationships and behind-the-scenes details that enlighten and sometimes contradict the news accounts. Hillary Clinton is a particular point of contention. Now a major Democratic figure in her own right and potential presidential candidate, she is portrayed unsurprisingly as peevish and imperious behind the scenes. Viewing all of the 1990s through a Clinton-oriented lens inevitably distorts, but Harris manages to be clear-eyed in his comprehensive account, sometimes giving Clinton the benefit of the doubt but with enough facts to let readers draw their own conclusions.  Harris' bottom line on Clinton is a portrayal not of a corrupt public servant but rather a man caught, sometimes ham-strung by his self-proclaimed destiny. On matters ranging from Whitewater to fund-raising to Monica Lewinsky, he has followed, according to Harris, "a pattern of limited disclosure, evasive or false public explanations, and shabby personal contact that made suspicion far from unreasonable". Whether in public or private, Clinton reconciles this behavior with what Harris calls the survivor's "ethic of contingency and improvisation". This is about as revealing a portrait of Bill Clinton that we are likely to get.     