 What a bizarre life writer Lev Nussimbaum (a.k.a. Essad Bey a.k.a. Kurban Said) led. Author Tom Reiss chronicles an unfinished life that took far more twists and turns than even his subject's name changes. Born the protected son of a Jewish oil millionaire in Baku, Azerbaijan, in 1905, Lev (as the author calls him) traversed Central Asia, eventually moved to Paris and then moved on to Berlin, where he converted to Islamism at age 17. Until his untimely death twenty years later in 1942, he became a prominent journalist and a highly prolific author during his short life - cultural histories; biographies of, among others, Muhammad, Czar Nicholas II and Stalin; and most famously, a love story under his pen name of Kurban Said, "Ali and Nino", a cross-cultural romance set just before the Russian Revolution, which became a bestseller in the early seventies and is still available to order on Amazon. His constant writing obviously reflected a fertile mind and fearless expression bouncing from one subject to the next with each book. He wrote about his anti-Communist perspective, his idea for global tolerance which he called "cosmopolitanism" and even the increasing militancy of the Islams even before WWII.  But Reiss is not content in telling just Lev's story, as he often delves into details that have little or sometimes nothing to do with him. The author seems like a natural dilettante showing a strong interest in the broader outline of historical events. He takes a single event in Lev's life and then maneuvers the reader through anecdotes and unexpected angles. The whole makes the book feel somewhat episodic at times but generally for the sake of a greater understanding of the context of Lev's story. The problem is that there is so often so much more background than foreground that one loses track of the protagonist for pages at a time, while Reiss explains some cultural phenomenon at the time. But he uses this technique well in explaining the wider political tragedy that marked Lev's death. Lev's ideal of a "cosmopolitanism" in which every religion subsists with every other is a dream worth savoring, and his brief life was testament that it could happen. A sometimes convoluted but strong read.     