 Mezzo-soprano Susan Graham gave an impressive performance last year as Dido, capturing the woman behind the mythical figure with measured fervor, among a heady group of singers on last year's superb ensemble recording of Emmanuelle Ham's production of Purcell's "Dido and Aeneas". In this solo outing, she displays the same dramatic acumen and showcases her lustrous voice with a full-bodied French repertoire which features selections from Chausson, Ravel and Debussy. The result certainly reflects the same exclusive talent pool as the recent stellar recordings of French compositions by rising tenor Rolando Villazn on his "Gounod/Massenet Arias" and the exquisite countertenor David Daniels on his "Berlioz: Les Nuits d't".  Where Graham falls somewhat short among this league is in the relative sameness of the program, which reflects a conscious decision to explore the more serious Belle Epoque fare for soprano and orchestra. Granted all three song cycles are lovely and sonorous, but together the variety seems lacking for a singer of Graham's caliber, and one ends up missing a lighter touch to offset the somber tone. Things start promisingly with Ernest Chausson's "Pomes de l'amour et de la mer", a luscious work that evokes an engaging seductive power over a wide range of emotions. It also includes a soaring dream-like interlude. Maurice Ravel's "Shhrazade," is performed colorfully with a swooning sense of epic melodrama that wouldn't sound out of place in a 1950's Douglas Sirk movie. John Adams contributed the hushed orchestrations for four of Claude Debussy's set of "Cinq Pomes de Charles Baudelaire" presented here, all performed languorously with a discernible sense of longing. One or two lighter chansons could have lightened this program considerably, and they would have been welcome. Also, at certain moments, the sound feels heavily overproduced. Regardless, Graham is among the finest singers today and always a treat to hear and appreciate and she is supported in a most atmospheric fashion by the BBC Symphony Orchestra led by conductor Yan Pascal Tortelier.     