 This lightweight period comedy provides further proof that Annette Bening is a terrifically engrossing actress. Ever since she burst onto the scene in "Valmont" and "The Grifters" fifteen years ago, she has managed to turn in superlative performances in movies both provocative ("American Beauty") and pitiable ("Love Affair"). Directed by Istvn Szab and written by Ronald Harwood (based on W. Somerset Maugham's "Theater"), this one is somewhere in between, but Bening is on fire. She portrays Julia Lambert, a 1930's West End stage legend at the peak of her career. As a member of the same sorority as Margo Channing and Norma Desmond, she has been manufactured to chew scenery in an ocean-deep pool of self-doubt. Bening carries this excessive star persona confidently with her throaty voice, impeccable British accent  and grande dame manner, but she also manages moments of surprising poignancy as her character's insecurity takes over. This is indisputably stellar work.  Of course, high maintenance Julia makes life quite challenging for those around her, which includes Michael, her elegantly detached husband and stage director; Evie, her longtime, no-nonsense dresser; Lord Charles, her suave and unattainable admirer; and Avice, a nakedly ambitious actress who apparently went to the Eve Harrington School of Dramatic Arts. Luckily, Jeremy Irons, Juliet Stevenson, Bruce Greenwood and newcomer Lucy Punch play these respective roles expertly. Punch is especially animated in a role that treads on caricature. Even Michael Gambon shows up as the ghost of her long-dead mentor providing critiques of her behavior onstage and off. The one glaring disappointment is Shaun Evans, who is rather uninteresting and incapable of displaying the hypocrisy of Tom, her young, immoral American lover. He is far too dull to captivate the likes of Julia. Smaller roles are filled out nicely by the dependable Miriam Margolyes as the giddy, overadmiring patron, Rosemary Harris as Julia's mother and in an all-too-rare screen appearance, Rita Tushingham ("A Taste of Honey", "Doctor Zhivago") as her Aunt Carrie.  The first three-quarters of the film are entertaining even when the story takes fairly predictable turns. However, the last twenty minutes of the movie are rather over-the-top, when Julia exacts her theatrical revenge on those who betrayed her, and the play being performed hardly seems praiseworthy.  Worth noting are the evocative period interiors filmed in Szab's native Budapest. The DVD includes informative though sporadic and overly polite commentary by Szab, Bening and Irons on an alternate track. There are two brief featurettes, one just a series of shots of the filming and the other more promotional in nature, as well as a few deleted scenes.     