 Joining the already weighty bandwagon of critics against the Bush administration, former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright takes umbrage at current foreign policy which ignores the role of religious faith in negotiating conflicts in the Middle East. Forever the pragmatist, she shows in her book how religion is inherent to most cross-border conflicts and how it is better to understand other faiths and try to find commonalities than to hope the differences go away. In fact, Albright strongly supports the idea of religious advisors close to the President since elements of religious history that are playing themselves out today affect the way countries behave and how the Muslims see the West. Without this perspective, she believes we continue to work in a vacuum of useless polemics.  Powerful words from Albright but ones she delivers in a sensible but iron-fisted tone. With traditional wartime strategies constantly revealed to be outdated, especially since 9/11, the author provides compelling evidence that religion affects drastically how the battle of ideas is carried forward in the new millennium. She is quick to point out that her former boss Clinton understood the ongoing change quite well when negotiating between the Palestinians and Israelis. Bush, on the other hand, receives her severest criticism as she sees him projecting his own righteousness in launching the Iraq war and oversimplifying the opposing forces as good versus evil. Albright succinctly shows how he, as an evangelical Christian, invokes God as a means to increase the number of military troops in Iraq when in fact he should temper his own personal beliefs in the public realm.  This is not a new way of thinking, but Albright is far more driven toward solutions unlike other administration critics. She pushes for a far more nuanced understanding of Islamism than exists now and especially how idiosyncratic those beliefs are from country to country with some like Turkey, for example, more amenable to our perspective than others. It is laudatory how she delves into the teachings of Islamism and the intertwining history of politics and religion in this country. These sections build the context for her valid arguments, and her experience in the global political arena lends the credence to make this book stand above others in its category. This is a strongly recommended read and along with two other books - Bruce Bartlett's scathing critique of current economic policies, "Impostor" and Kevin Phillips' fulsome analysis of the current administration, "American Theocracy" - a most illuminating triumvirate of current political vagrancies.     