 A professor of political science and sociology at Stanford and a renowned "democracy building" expert, author Larry Diamond brings a bracing perspective to the reconstruction effort that continues to go on in Iran. What makes this a highly recommended read is that Diamond is preoccupied not with Bush's decision to go to war and turning his book into more of a polemic but with the empirical fact that there was no workable plan by the Bush administration to secure the peace afterward. He should know since he was tapped by former Stanford colleague Condoleezza Rice to serve as an advisor to the Coalition Provisional Authority (CPA) in Baghdad, the US-run body that ruled Iraq from May 2003 through June 2004.  What makes the book resonate is his eyewitness account of the failed attempt to bring democracy to Iraq. Along with two Iraqi exiles, he was there to draft Iraq's interim constitution, known as the Transitional Administrative Law (TAL), without any guidance from Washington on just how to do it. According to Diamond's account, the degree to which the Bush Administration misread the postwar situation in Iraq is staggering, just as much as the open-ended task given to him to complete without any participation of the local populace whose future the three of them were designing. This mammoth task included determining the authority of the occupying power; providing the optimal balance among Shiite ambition, Kurdish separatism and Sunni alienation; creating a system of checks and balances; and enshrining respect for human rights in the law.  However, it was all done in the hermetically sealed "palace" in Baghdad, and the readiness of Iraq for democracy was not even a factor that was considered, even though the nation was obviously a deeply divided society filled with hostility toward American imperialism and lacking a strong middle class to support the constitution. For Diamond, the CPA's administrator, L. Paul Bremer, typified the arrogant complacency in the failure to realize how Iraqis saw their American occupiers. The gulf between the powerful and the powerless widened as Bremer disbanded the Iraqi army and barred mid-grade and senior Baathists from public employment. However brutal his criticisms, Diamond does not make Bremer the complete scapegoat, as the author points out that some of the worst decisions Bremer made were probably imposed on him by senior members of the Bush Administration.   Diamond has guarded hope for the future of Iraq as well he should. His assessment is fair-minded enough to recognize that occupation did bring some benefits, for instance, new political parties, a stronger civil society and a less dogmatic educational system. In fact, he admits there is the possibility that Iraq may emerge slowly from the existing political chaos, first into a troubled semi-democracy, and then, gradually into a full democracy. Going back to his academic role in the last chapter, Diamond provides hindsight guidance on how future American occupations could be handled after such invasion, though it is difficult to comprehend how advice could be taken seriously given the idiosyncrasy of localized conflict as it moves to a global stage. He provides a utopian sense that ultimately lacks credibility.  The bottom line in Diamond's treatise, however, is that the Bush administration displayed too much hubris and engaged in too much wishful thinking. Washington's broader Iraq policy, according to Diamond, is an unmitigated disaster of epic proportions, and the laundry list of breeches is beyond disturbing. They include not only purging the Baath Party and disbanding the army, but also invading Iraq with too few forces to maintain security, letting the Pentagon set the strategy for postwar Iraq and failing to plan effectively for peace. Obviously, anyone who has read "Imperial Hubris" by Michael Scheuer (formerly Anonymous) will have known about these failed decisions, but Diamond offers a first-hand account that is genuinely unique. This is truly eye-opening reading well worth it for the deeper understanding of what is really going on in Iraq.     