 What is it about cloning that makes the Hollywood firmament indulge itself in futuristic narrative claptraps that aspire toward big statements about humanity and our apocalyptic fate? Last summer, big-budget schlockmeister Michael Bay went for the eternal youth angle in his bombastic though periodically thoughtful morass, "The Island", and now indie filmmaker Karyn Kusama makes cloning the lifeblood of Bregna, a cloistered city ruled by the dictatorial Goodchild family. Based on an MTV animated series from a decade ago, this 2005 film set in 2415 has the sheen of a stylish cartoon but the mindset of a confused pair of screenwriters, Phil Hay and Matt Manfredi, working off cartoonist Peter Chung's convoluted concepts about the self-destruction of mankind.  Sporting an unfortunate Alan Cumming haircut, Charlize Theron plays the title role by showing off impressive athletic prowess and looking svelte in her black cat suit, but she is bereft of personality, at least one that would draw interest to her character's fate. Consequently, she speaks in a blank-faced monotone that seems to drain more energy than the Matrix-like kicks she uses to pummel her adversaries. As a Monican, an underground resistance movement out to eliminate the ruling Goodchilds, Aeon is instructed by the Handler to assassinate the leader, Trevor Goodchild. Yet, in the moment of key confrontation, she cannot do it for reasons that unfold in clunky plot turns that seem to weigh down an already clunky set-up. Any sensibility the story has - which is minimal anyway - is put completely on hold until the revelations come about later.   Why actresses of the caliber of Theron, Frances McDormand (no more than a talking head as the Handler) and Sophie Okonedo (so impressive in "Hotel Rwanda" but simply posturing here as Aeon's colleague Sithandra) are involved in this debacle is the bigger mystery that should be solved. The men fare no better with Marton Csokas saddled with the film's most laborious lines as Trevor and Johnny Lee Miller who seems to be making a career of playing thoroughly obnoxious characters as his power-hungry younger brother Oren. The action set pieces should have saved this movie, but for the most part, they are quite dull and ridiculous and what's worse, edited badly, in particular, the first acrobatic display of Aeon and Sithandra as they attempt to gain entry into the Goodchild enclave.  As the mind-numbing jumble of a story unwraps the mysteries behind the relationship between Aeon and Trevor, it doesn't provide enlightenment as much as it softens an already weak storyline with a romance novel angle. I think the filmmakers had good intentions in showing another variation of a post-apocalyptic world, but even with the slight twist toward the end and Aeon's consequent humanization, there isn't an element in the film that feels fresh. This is one expensive misfire.     