 Writer/director Tom McCarthy has made a most unique character study in 2003's "The Station Agent". It's a very quiet, episodic film, only 88 minutes long, but surprisingly assured and often compelling for a first-time filmmaker. It all centers on a dwarf named Fin, who seems rather indifferent about his life, especially after his boss dies and leaves him a train station in the outer reaches of New Jersey. Not so coincidentally, his passion is trains, and he just wants to be left alone to "walk the right of way" on the tracks. Of course, he keeps meeting up with people who are drawn to him. The two most prominent are Joe, a boisterous Cuban-American from Manhattan taking care of his ailing father's hot dog stand, and Olivia, a manic-depressive artist caught between her anguish over her son's death and her anger over her separation. There's also a shy little girl named Cleo and a young, friendly librarian, Emily. All of them look beyond Fin's diminutive stature and initial poker-faced demeanor to find him someone worthwhile to know. Consequently the movie feels more like a fable than a realistic portrait of discrimination and isolation. But the approach makes sense since we come to care about Fin's situation in spite of the fanciful fact that he doesn't seem to have any financial worries.  It all sounds like the makings of a life-affirming TV-movie, but the methodical pacing and superlative acting transcend the more predictable aspects of the script. Peter Dinklage captures all the emotions that seep out of Fin after a lifetime of relative solitude and pained ridicule. Initially, you wonder why everyone wants to be his friend given his outward surliness, but he conveys the soulfulness that makes this particular plot contrivance believable. TV staple Bobby Cannavale makes Joe so likable with his high energy that you overlook his character's otherwise annoying neediness, and Patricia Clarkson gives her typically stellar performance as Olivia, her barbed intelligence intact, even as her character seems to descend into what appears to be an irretrievably depressive state. The seemingly effortless bonding that occurs among this trio provides the film's chief pleasure. On the sidelines, there are nice, affecting turns by a better-than-expected Michelle Williams as Emily and Raven Goodwin as Cleo. Unfortunately there are also some melodramatic flourishes, such as Fin's drunken assertion at the bar, his hurtful rejection by Olivia and the appearance of Emily's white-trash boyfriend, that don't seem to serve much purpose beyond confirming the fact that Fin needs love and friends. But these scenes don't detract from the obvious affection which McCarthy has for his characters, especially Fin.  For a film made on the cheap (less than $500K in twenty days), it has a surprising cinematic feel with all the well-composed train shots, credit going to Oliver Bokelberg's expert camerawork. The DVD package has a nice audio commentary track by McCarthy and his three main actors with Cannavale providing particularly amusing anecdotes. There are five deleted scenes, three that provide more context to the relationship between Fin and his boss and the last one is I believe an alternate ending with the appearance of Joe's much-talked about father. Well worth viewing.     