 Murder mysteries are generally not my cup of tea, but this strong, evocative novel by Leonardo Padura Fuentes is a wonderful find. An honestly rendered story set in the last days of the Batista era in Cuba, the relatively short book - just 240 pages - has a genuinely timeless quality simply because Fuentes does not try to recreate a country on the brink of revolution. Instead he re-imagines a larger-than-life literary figure, Ernest Hemingway, within the context of a complex murder case that my implicate the author.  The protagonist is former policeman Mario Conde, who has become a private detective where there is ironically no privacy. There is a skeleton found entwined in the root structure of an ancient mango tree that is of course, on the writer's former property outside Havana. Hemingway's connections with Cuba are well known, so Fuentes takes full advantage of this historical reality within the narrative and adds some political intrigue showing that the skeleton is that of a vanished FBI agent. This dimension brings an almost-"Chinatown" like sense of duplicity and identity crisis that brings Conde to task by his own government.  Fuentes dexterously interweaves chapters about the murder investigation with others narrated from Hemingway's perspective. He accurately mimics the legend's testosterone-heavy writing style just short of parody, as the details of the fateful night in October 1958 unfold. Throughout, Hemingway is portrayed as arrogant, alcoholic, and self-centered to the point of paranoia and driven by a need to violate all moral codes at first encounter. Implicating the master author in the murder provides fascinating albeit fictionalized insight into what led the author to suicide shortly thereafter.  This is a sharp, thoughtful and sometimes funny thriller that maintains its suspense consistently but never at the expense of character development or its specific historical setting at least until the lyrical ending. John King has done a mostly admirable job in translating Fuentes' original Spanish text by ensuring the gently evocative and subtly ironic tone remains intact.     