 For the Warner Brothers wartime melodrama it was supposed to be, "Casablanca" feels so much more significant and multi-dimensional, a timeless movie that combines political espionage, romantic intrigue and a clever wit against the broader conflict between democracy and totalitarianism. This is illustrated most memorably by the dueling anthems scene where the German Nazi song "Die Wacht am Rhein" is drowned out by the French, who proudly and tearfully sing their anthem, "La Marseillaise". It's an unexpectedly powerful scene among so many wonderful moments, certainly enough to inspire Neil Simon to recycle it to comic effect in "The Cheap Detective", Peter Bogdanovich to send up another classic scene in "What's Up, Doc?" and Woody Allen to write "Play It Again, Sam" in tribute to the entire movie.  Director Michael Curtiz had a strong track record of success before "Casablanca" (consider "The Adventures of Robin Hood", "Angels with Dirty Faces" and "Yankee Doodle Dandy"), but this is clearly his career capper given the perfectly realized mix achieved of script, camerawork, music and cast. The screenplay written mostly by the Warners-bred Epstein brothers, Julius and Philip, along with Howard Koch, was apparently done in haste well after filming began, but you certainly can't tell from the seamless structure, memorable dialogue and plethora of classic lines. Arthur Edeson's striking cinematography and the legendary Max Steiner's musical score also contribute significantly. But of course, one needs to recognize the chemistry between two amazing legends, Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman. Bogart fully captures Rick's cynicism, sentimental interior and ever-hardening moral code in his individually charismatic fashion. Bergman is so glowingly beautiful and affecting as Ilsa that there is no question why Rick continues to pine over her. It is both a shame and something of a relief that they never co-starred with each other again, as there was next to no chance that they could ever top their teaming here.  Warner Brothers regular Paul Henried plays Laszlo, the third corner of this romantic triangle with his continental manner grounded by his character's selfless patriotism. Surrounding them is the best of the Warner Brothers backlot of character actors: Sydney Greenstreet as rival proprietor Senor Ferrari, Peter Lorre as a slimy black market dealer, Conrad Veidt as Gestapo commander Major Strasser, S.Z. "Cuddles" Sakall as the genial German headwaiter, and in particular, Claude Rains as the fey and amusingly corruptible chief-of-police Louis Renault. And of course, there is Dooley Wilson, who effectively plays piano-playing Sam and sings "As Time Goes By" with the perfect sense of nostalgic languor. It is pointless to go further into plot details as the story flows so flawlessly from Rick's Caf Americain through a romantic haze of a flashback in Paris to its inevitable conclusion, which ironically was not so inevitable until the last minute. The ambiguity during filming probably added to the romantic tension since Bergman did not know with which leading man Ilsa was going to run off. Such is the stuff of Hollywood lore, and none, with the possible competition of "Gone With the Wind", seems to have as much of it as "Casablanca".  The two-disc special edition package contains plenty of extras, some great, others disposable. The audio commentaries by film critic Roger Ebert and film historian Rudy Behlmer are interesting for the individual perspectives both bring, though I kept wishing there was a survivor from the original production to provide authentic remembrances. On the second disc, the centerpiece is an 86-minute documentary (produced in 1988) recounting Bogart's career in surprising and often fascinating detail and hosted by a still striking-looking Lauren Bacall. There are some interesting bits like alternate takes of "The Big Sleep" and home movies taken during the filming of "The African Queen". There is another half-hour documentary, also interesting and again narrated off-screen by Bacall, on the actual making of "Casablanca".  The extra disc also includes an abbreviated radio version of the movie from 1943 with the three stars, a fitfully funny Bugs Bunny-Daffy Duck cartoon takeoff called "Carrotblanca", and a couple of intriguing deleted scenes from the actual movie, sadly without sound. The accompanying outtakes are hardly worth sitting through save for one priceless reaction shot of Bogart as he sits at the bar. There is yet a third documentary, not nearly as interesting as the other two but thankfully brief at seven minutes, which focuses solely on the scripted remembrances of Bogart and Bacall's son, Stephen, and Bergman's daughter, Pia Lindstrom. And certainly the most disposable extra is a rather worthless version of "Casablanca" taken from a TV series in the 1950's, which ends with an incongruous commercial for a GE iron. Regardless, this is a great package for a true classic and an essential addition to anyone's DVD collection.     