 For those who think the ambush of Osama bin Laden is imminent, this searing book will provide a deflating look at his speculated whereabouts and how he and the top al-Qaeda operatives have been sheltered by the Iranian government. Author Kenneth R. Timmerman relies on a top defector who held a top position in Iranian intelligence. Of course, the CIA denounces the informant in light of the fact that he warned them of the 9/11 attacks two months in advance. There are some shocking revelations but not so shocking when one considers how poorly informed the CIA has been and what a burgeoning power Iran is becoming in the Middle East. Just how the Bush administration deals with Iran will be a real test of the global leadership to which the U.S. aspires and needs to define if there is going to be any inroads in thwarting the ongoing terrorist threat. Timmerman conducted extensive face-to-face debriefings with the defector in Europe and at an undisclosed location in the Middle East, and in return, the defector provided documents and other material evidence for the assertions in the book.  Among other eye-openers, he shares that Osama bin Laden met with top Iranian leaders in a regime safe-house in northern Iran in late 2004 to discuss future terror attacks against the United States and its allies. The author states that the Iranian regime is also sheltering other top al-Qaeda leaders, including bin Laden's deputy Ayman al-Zawahri and his top military planner, Saif al-Adil. Moreover, a succession plan is in place with bin Laden's eldest son, Saad bin Laden, living in Iran since May 2001, preparing himself as the "future leader" of al-Qaeda in the event his father was killed during U.S. retaliatory attacks for the 9/11 attack.  But the most devastating news - and the subject which Timmerman painstakingly uncovers here - comes directly from Iran, whose build-up of nuclear weaponry increasingly threatens the US and Israel. This is an alarming book and an indispensable one if Timmerman has all his facts straight. And judging from other investigative news reports, he eerily does. This book makes a strong companion volume to Kenneth Pollack's "The Persian Puzzle: The Conflict Between Iran and America" released last year.     