 Woody Allen's recent series of misfires has not been for lack of trying, as he remains one of our most informed filmmakers when it comes to the delicacy and foibles of human interactions. This 2005 feature is perhaps his most ultimate conceit, as it starts with four long-winded friends having dinner at the trendy Pastis in New York. Two are playwrights, one a sober-minded dramatist and the other a romantic comedy writer, the latter played fittingly by Wallace Shawn in a mini-throwback to Andre Gregory's "My Dinner with Andre". One of the diners tells a story about a distraught woman named Melinda, who shows up unexpectedly at his home, at which point the two writers take dramatic license and tell their versions of the same premise in their individual ways.  In the tragic version, a disheveled, obviously troubled Melinda is a self-obsessed alcoholic whose intrusiveness works like a battering ram on her hosts, a married couple who appear to be already unraveling - Lee is a perpetually unsuccessful actor who coaches young, nubile students on the side, while his wife Laurel is a frustrated "Park Avenue princess" whose passion for music is smothered by her bouts of shopping. The comic version is typical Woody with Melinda now the desirable downstairs neighbor who drops by unexpectedly to meet another married couple coming unglued - Hobie is another failed New York actor, and his wife Susan is a young independent filmmaker kowtowing to a potential financial backer for her next film.  Casting is pretty critical in realizing the two stories with enough contrast, and here Allen does well. He cast a dour Jonny Lee Miller as the psychologically abusive Lee and Chloe Sevigny as the not-so-innocent Laurel in the drama. Both serve the purpose of the piece proficiently but are saddled with over-literary lines that seem more indicative of a Chekhov play than real life. Allen has more luck with his comedy couple with an ideally cast Will Ferrell doing a spot-on Woody impersonation as Hobie (and a far more convincing failed actor here than in Nora Ephron's miserable "Bewitched") and Amanda Peet effectively controlling as the overly distracted Susan. Also worth mentioning is Chiwetel Ejiofor in the underdeveloped role of Ellis, a sweet-talking musician who switches between women very quickly in the drama and probably the first major black character in an Allen film.  Holding the two stories together with uncommon dexterity is Radha Mitchell who plays Melinda not as an example of contrasts but in shades of nuance that show how comedy and drama are not so far removed from each other. In both stories, Melinda just seems to let life happen to her, and it is in her character's idiosyncratic responses that Mitchell defines her two performances. It's impressive work from a relative unknown. Everything else about the film reflects Allen's typical style - the strong pervasive use of music as a dramatic counterpoint (Stravinsky and Bartk for the drama, Ellington for the comedy), impeccably tailored set designs by Santo Loquasto, and earth-toned cinematography by the estimable Vilmos Zsigmond  Allen alternates between the two stories fluidly, with occasional shifts back to the restaurant, but part of the film's basic problem is visual, as he chooses the same upper class Manhattan milieu for both, making the stories hard to distinguish at times. Ultimately, the film does not resonate as much as it could when one realizes that these characters are merely spontaneous creations around a dining table. If Allen is trying to convey that comedy and tragedy are not mutually exclusive, he overcompensates by making the resolution of each story so pronounced and ultimately contrived. The DVD has no special extras.     