 Author Isabel Allende has re-imagined the childhood of Don Diego de la Vega, the man who would one day become Zorro, in an entertaining and ultimately provocative book. She takes an unlikely topic and imbues it with her signature style of "magical realism", the same approach that made her 1982 novel, "The House of the Spirits", so eminently readable. In fact, she has a unique gift of humanizing her mythic protagonist in a way that reminds me of the way the origins of Batman have been rethought for a contemporary audience. In Allende's hands, Zorro is a conscientious revolutionary whose sense of duty and justice comes from the accidental miscegenation of his birth. His father is a Spanish officer, his mother a Shoshone Indian woman. The combination gives Diego an increased consciousness of how California's native people were persecuted by the marauding Europeans.  Allende expands her perspective to recount the region's growing pains as the native population is forced off their land and become Christians as mandated by the Spanish-ruled Catholic Church. During this horrific period, Diego decides to take on his vulpine identity-zorro is Spanish for "fox"-after a fox delivers him from danger. But interestingly, the most engrossing parts of the book take place in Spain where Diego learns the art of fencing at Maestro Manuel Escalante's Fencing Academy. It is here that Diego is invited to join "La Justicia", a vigilante group with a mission statement that has them seek justice, nourish the hungry, clothe the naked, protect widows and orphans - all the duties we have come to expect from all our darker heroes, whether it is Zorro, Robin Hood or Batman. Allende does not shortchange fans of the original Zorro as she brings back and adds dimension to Diego's beloved companion Bernardo, and Zorro's faithful Tornado. The author effectively details how Bernardo and Diego grew up together and how Bernardo became mute after a horrifying childhood trauma. But Allende does not get completely caught up in her protagonist's upbringing, as she conjures up an adventuresome and romantic spirit befitting the legend without stooping to clichs.  There are plot twists, prison rescues, and even the obligatory jealousy-inducing flirtations between Zorro's true love and a pirate. This may not be her most profound book, but Allende is entitled to write a picaresque novel, particularly one imbued with swashbuckling, swordplay, honor, hidden desire, unlikely coincidence and a good old-fashioned villain. The novel is not perfect, even as a beach read, as Allende engages in her interests such as a New Age Machisma through the Wise Woman With Herbs. Regardless, this is a fun read with even a surprising post-modern ending.     