 Shot in less than two weeks on digital video, this charming, lightweight 2002 comedy indeed has the murky look of a home movie complete with shaky camera shots and orange-tinted graininess. If you can overlook that, you will see some smart performances by an unusually high-profile cast and clever writing by Heather McGowan & Niels Mueller in this coming-of-age concoction from director Gary Winick. The plot focuses on Oscar Grubman, a Voltaire-quoting fifteen year old who overanalyzes the world around him like a pubescent Woody Allen, so naturally he is not interested in girls his own age but his attractive stepmother Eve, a medical researcher who can wax poetically about the heart. However, things get even more complicated when he falls into a drunken one-night stand with Eve's best friend, Diane, a free-spirited massage therapist who doesn't come across so much as a hedonist but rather sensible about the ways of love. Naturally Oscar's father Stanley is completely ignorant of what's going on, as is Eve until Oscar confesses his love for her.  At a running time of only 77 minutes, this all speeds by quickly thanks to Winick's overly efficient pacing, and except for Oscar, the characters aren't given much time to be fully drawn out. Aaron Stanford, a 25-year old playing a decade younger, portrays Oscar expertly, updating a younger version of Benjamin Braddock from "The Graduate" for the new millennium. And fortunately, Winick recruited the still-luminous Sigourney Weaver as Eve, as she plays her role with a deadpan sincerity befitting the preoccupied stepmother. The late John Ritter plays Stanley without condescending to his befuddled character, but the best performance comes from Bebe Neuwirth, sexy and frisky as Diane. The restaurant scene with the four of them dodging and ultimately discovering the truth of Oscar and Diane's tryst is very well-played out with Neuwirth particularly funny in her insouciance. Even Robert Iler, Tony Jr. from "The Sopranos", shows up as Oscar's best friend Charlie, whose down-to-earth doofus provides a nice contrast to Oscar's often pretentious intellect. This is hardly a cinematic milestone, and frankly it makes a case for using the digital video medium sparingly. But it does provide quiet laughs and insightful if rather predictable observations.     