 Anyone who has seen 1949's "On the Town" or 1954's "White Christmas" has likely been mesmerized by the extraordinary dancing of Vera-Ellen, as beautiful and impressive as any dancer presented by the Hollywood studio system at the time. What author David Soren, a professor at the University of Arizona and obviously a devoted fan, reveals is a woman who was so consumed by her perfectionist standards as a dancer that she may have lost sight of other aspects of her life that needed attention, in particular, her health. The extent of Soren's research is impressive from her family history through her professional career to what is known of her reclusive life between her retirement in the late 1950's and early death at age sixty.  While interesting, the early chapters are strictly for her hardcore fans as Soren goes extensively into her family background and early beginnings as a stage dancer and eventually the youngest Rockette ever at Radio City Music Hall. The book gets inevitably more interesting as it covers her Hollywood years. As a dancer, she was often transcendent, partnering with the likes of Fred Astaire and Gene Kelly, both of whom apparently adored and respected her. She was pretty and personable as a leading lady but not wildly talented as an actress. Yet, her aspirations to be taken seriously were dashed by an unsupportive studio, MGM, who saw fit to give her just one chance at a dramatic part in a low-budget 1953 potboiler with Edward G. Robinson called "Big Leaguer". In fact, one is struck by the extent of control that MGM had in shaping not only her career but her appearance and her life overall.  Similar to what has been documented with Judy Garland, Vera-Ellen was pressured to stay thin and developed odd eating habits (such as her obsession with steak), and indeed the most revealing chapter focuses on her alleged anorexia, a medical condition that did not have anywhere near the prominence in the 1950's it does now. When looking at "White Christmas" with this knowledge, it does strike me how skinny she looks, and only now do I see the concerted effort the producers made to hide her aging neck. The chapters chronicling her life after her last movie, 1957's "Let's Be Happy", show an ego-dictated existence that seems to be sadly unraveling - a child she bore at age 42 died of SIDS three months after birth, her subsequent second divorce, her solitary life in a Hollywood mansion. In her later years, she rarely resurfaced in public, and her obsession with not disappointing fans makes her seem sadly like Norma Desmond in "Sunset Boulevard". However, Soren does a great service by providing a readable book on a performer who based on her handful of wondrous screen appearances, should not be relegated to the whatever-happened trivia pile.     