 As someone who has casually perused his monumentally encyclopedic "The New Biographical Dictionary of Film", I recognize author David Thomson for the deep well of cinema knowledge he obviously possesses. With an obviously fertile mind, he is able to discern filmmaking trends and styles others have not thought to synthesize in their thinking. His writing can get scholarly and sometimes off-putting, but for the most part, he is quite accessible. His latest book is a provocative and personable read of a macro-level subject one would think too onerous to capture adequately in one tome. Not only does he attempt to tell the history of Hollywood but how it has influenced the rest of society here and globally.  Taken appropriately from a line in "The Last Tycoon", F. Scott Fitzgerald's unfinished roman  clef about legendary MGM production chief Irving Thalberg, the title refers to the delicate balance between movies as entertainment and the business side where the source of funds and the quest for profits affects how movies are made. In fact, as the practical facilitator between a struggling new studio and a monomaniacal director in danger of excessive cost overruns, Thalberg himself is the subject of an interesting essay on how he maintained this precarious balance during the intensely stressful filming of Erich von Stroheim's epic 1925 silent classic, "Greed".  Spanning the generations since then, Thomson covers personalities ranging from D.W. Griffith to Nicole Kidman, and he is at his best when he focuses on the artistic side of the equation. For example, he opines knowledgeably that silent films were due to meet extinction because of the Victorian theatrics and stilted movements that were necessary to compensate for the lack of dialogue, even though others are adamant that silent films are a lost art. The author can also get curmudgeonly as in his assertion that screenwriter Robert Towne should have made "Chinatown" a novel rather than a movie script and thereby ignoring the virtues of the resulting film, which most people consider a modern classic. Tom Cruise would give Thomson, obviously not a fan of Method acting, a standing ovation for his opinion that Marlon Brando's dependence on psychiatry during the filming of "On the Waterfront" was a decidedly destructive force, but again the result would prove otherwise.  Intriguingly, despite his passion for the films and personalities involved, it is the business side that receives the most emphasis in Thomson's treatise. He goes deeply into the studio structures and the functionaries who are needed to make these companies run and make a profit. In this spirit, he goes into the power struggles and scandals that are as much a part of the industry as the films themselves. It is really in these sections that the author gets somewhat dry and overly explanatory. Regardless, Thomson is always worth a read just to see the results of his erudite mind in full intellectual flight.     