 I find it intriguing that New York Times reporter Sharon Waxman has pulled together a book on six film directors who seem to have little in common save for the fact that they were able to break through the hermetically sealed Hollywood studio system in the nineties to forge identities as visionary filmmakers. I suppose that's reason enough to group them together, though when one thinks of their predecessors in the seventies - Spielberg, Coppola, Scorsese - this new brethren hardly seems to be at the same level of creative invention or business savvy, nor does one sense the professional bonding that propelled this former group toward critical and popular success. And unfortunately, Waxman chooses to bypass the current crop of minority filmmakers who have emerged in the past decade, such as Spike Lee, John Singleton, Robert Rodriguez and Alfonso Cuaron, whom one can argue have made as significant an impact as these six auteurs have had.  The six filmmakers under Waxman's microscope are Quentin Tarantino ("Pulp Fiction", "Kill Bill - Parts 1 and 2"), Paul Thomas Anderson ("Boogie Nights", "Magnolia"), David Fincher ("Fight Club"), David O. Russell ("Flirting With Disaster", "Three Kings"), Spike Jonze ("Being John Malkovich", "Adaptation") and Steven Soderbergh ("Traffic", "Erin Brockovich").  Waxman takes an investigative reporter's scalpel to provide a sometimes scathing expose of the directors' intersecting private and professional lives, but it's saved from total tabloid fodder by providing an incisive and rather disheartening look at Hollywood movie deal-making replete with cleverly maneuvered betrayals. What emerges are six men who, despite their obvious talent, come out as ego-driven, socially inept mercenaries, all willing to compromise their integrity and even their families to secure the deal that will make them the center of the independent film scene. Top of the heap despite his spotty box office track record is Tarantino, a one-time video-rental clerk who parlayed his in-depth film trivia knowledge of film into highly stylized films, the most successful being 1994's "Pulp Fiction", probably the touchstone for all other independent films that followed its over $100 million domestic take. But the others, despite critical acclaim and awards, have fared less well financially, proving that these men are not really the rebels who have conquered Hollywood, just survivors of a system that will always view artistic statement as a lower priority than profitability, a major accomplishment in itself if you are to believe the author. If you have any doubts about Hollywood's preoccupation for the bottom line, I suggest you read James Stewart's just released "Disney War" to get validation of the points Waxman raises here.  To her credit, she gives highly detailed, often compelling accounts of how some of their major films were made, in particular, "Boogie Nights", "Three Kings", "Being John Malkovich," and most interestingly, "Fight Club", a movie so desultory to the studio heads that it brought down Fox's Bill Mechanic, who green lighted the film in spite of performing the same task with a little film called "Titanic". In addition to interviews with the six, who are understandably wary of Waxman's book, she has spoken with plenty of colleagues and relations to paint an awfully bleak portrait of the current Hollywood scene. One is left to wonder if the business will allow them any sort of longevity comparable to their predecessors despite their talent.     