 Listening to masters like pianist Thelonious Monk and saxophonist John Coltrane individually is certainly treat enough for any jazz aficionado, but this recently discovered recording from November 1957 celebrates a partnership that was mostly considered legend save for a few muddy recordings. The evening at Carnegie Hall was a moment of musical serendipity that achieves a depth in tone that transcends even their individual playing. At that point, Monk just had his cabaret license reinstated and was re-launching his New York career with a six-month residency at the Five Spot Caf and leading a quartet that included a 31-year old John Coltrane on tenor saxophone. Coltrane had just finished his first apprenticeship with jazz great Miles Davis.   Recorded for the Voice of America but lost until the tapes were found earlier this year in the Library of Congress vaults, this surprisingly pristine recording shows Coltrane about four months into his gig with the more established Monk. The loose sparring between the two is already assured at this stage, as each performs riffs that dance around and through the other's playing. Coming off a period where critics called his playing loquacious, Coltrane was alternatively developing and perfecting his revised technique of playing the notes of a chord in succession - called "sheets of sound" by critics - but still within the tune's melody. You can hear this idiosyncratic but accomplished method on two tracks especially, "Evidence" and "Blue Monk". Monk responds to Coltrane's playing by skimming the keyboard with what is called "arpeggiated obbligati", matching the chord patterns and keeping Coltrane within the established arrangement.  All nine tracks are special, but my favorites are the opener, "Monk's Mood", which establishes the rapport between the two right away, and the loose version of "Sweet and Lovely", which swings easily on the rapport between Monk and Coltrane. Monk's quartet is completed by the stellar playing of bassist Ahmed Abdul-Malik and drummer Shadow Wilson, both sounding crisp thanks to the digital remastering process. What is most invaluable with this recording is the sure-footed feeling of openness and genuine collaboration among musicians at the height of their powers, all captured here for posterity in 51 minutes of pure musical bliss.     