 This low-budget indie sneaks up on you after a relatively unpromising start that reminds me a bit of Miranda July's casual randomness in her meandering "Me and You and Everyone We Know". However, once the pacing gains momentum after the first half-hour or so, it starts to build a cautious emotional resonance befitting the story of an outsider to a group of people not ready to accept her as one of their own. The outsider is a worldly Chicago art gallery owner named Madeleine. The group is her husband George's small town North Carolina family, whom she meets for the first time six months after their wedding. Madeleine is really in the area to try to sign up an eccentric and profane folk artist to her gallery, one of many points of contention between her and George's family. With a script by Angus MacLachlan, the thrust of the plot focuses on her rather unctuous attempts to ingratiate herself with George's family, full of painfully good intentions but also an unwelcome source of revelation for what she learns about George and ultimately herself.  Director Phil Morrison is an observant filmmaker, and much of the friction is expressed through glances and passing remarks the way it would transpire in real life. There are certainly arid patches during the running time, but I genuinely started caring about the characters despite my own predisposition toward them at the beginning. Much of the acting helps considerably. As Madeleine, Embeth Davidtz has the most difficult role as she provides the viewer perspective but also goes through her own catharsis in recognizing George's intractable bond with a family she initially doesn't admire but eventually comes to like and respect. Celia Weston and Scott Wilson play George's parents Peg and Eugene with controlled emotional accuracy. Movie trivialists may remember Wilson as killer Richard Hickock in 1967's "In Cold Blood", the film version of Truman Capote's non-fiction novel.  Although there are hints that George is more religiously zealous than Madeleine knows, Alessandro Nivola hardly makes an impression as George since the script doesn't really develop the character beyond being the fulcrum for the plot machinations. Benjamin McKenzie is the one misfire of the cast as he seems ill-equipped to play George's emotionally stunted little brother Johnny. On the other hand,  Amy Adams is superb as his effusive wife Ashley, and she deserves the accolades she has been receiving this award season. Even though I assumed from her first line that she would be a caricature, she nails the part of an almost painfully buoyant spirit whose hopes for future happiness seem to rest solely on her pregnancy. Adams makes every glimmer of optimism poignant and her disappointments devastating. By the time the film ends, I unexpectedly got wrapped up in these characters' lives.  The DVD has ten deleted scenes that I agree would have merely compounded the already leisurely pacing, but there is one extended scene - where George's parents express their affection and Madeleine and Johnny clarify their misunderstanding - that could have helped tie up some of the plot's loose ends.  There is an audio commentary track by Davidtz and Adams but surprisingly not Morrison or MacLachlan, and consequently we are not provided much insight into the filmmaking process itself. It's the same problem I had with Debra Messing's solitary commentary on "The Wedding Date", a film which coincidentally featured Adams playing the betrothed sister. There are five shorts where the actors provide more of a backstory to the characters. All in all, it's a solid set of extras if you like the film.     