 It's not as if author Harvey Mackay has written anything all that earth-shattering in this book, as any effective outplacement consultant will give you the same advice he provides here. But what he does exceptionally well is highlight a problem over which people have the ridiculous notion that there is shame in being fired from a job. Even as unemployment statistics stabilize, there are many who have dropped off the surveys since they are not receiving unemployment compensation. In other words, there is a far greater audience for this book than those who were recently fired. Having been laid off myself from a large company for whom I worked devotedly for twelve years, I know the dark feelings that can overtake you when you are unilaterally eliminated. It can make you delusional about your economic worth and cause havoc with your self-esteem.   Mackay's angle is a good one - take a group of successful celebrities who have been fired at some point in their careers and have them talk about how they were able to turn things around and produce even better, more lucrative livelihoods. While much of the wisdom imparted by the likes of Donald Trump, Michael Bloomberg and Muhammad Ali is sound, their stories really provide a framework for Mackey's broader motivational treatise. I have to admit I do tire of people who tell me getting fired is the best thing that ever happened to them, as I always feel they are patronizing me to conceal their own conceit and insecurity. But Mackay does not make the mistake of relying on his cheerleading capabilities. I particularly appreciated his "cold truths" about being fired, two of which had particular sting - "The nicest, most loyal, and most submissive employees are often the easiest people to fire.", which of course runs counter to the values by which a lot of us were raised, and an even more resonant truism, "The time to start worrying about what you'll do when you're fired is the day you get hired." Perhaps these are not motivational statements in themselves, but they are honest assessments of how one needs to look at oneself in the workplace. Ultimately one has to be true to oneself, but the Bush economy has dramatically altered our perspectives on what we need to do to survive and remain gainfully employed. The best and most constructive sections of the book have to do with how to deal with being fired. Frankly, the survival tactics he espouses should be taught at new employee orientations, so people do not asphyxiate themselves in glass bubbles believing their employers will provide them lifelong security. Whether you have been fired, are worried about being fired, or just received the best performance evaluation of your career, be smart and pick this book up. Mackay puts your employment status in realistic context.     