 A what-if story can be either frustratingly out of kilter with historic context or supremely entertaining for the creative direction it can take with our perceptions of that reality. Fortunately, author Harry Turtledove appears to have done his homework in speculating what could have happened had the Japanese followed up their surprise attack on Pearl Harbor with an actual invasion of Hawaii, surely a military action that must have been seriously considered at the time. For that brief time in the early forties, the Japanese seemed invincible...precise, cunning and extremely well organized, while the unprepared Americans would naturally seem to be easy prey for such an invasion. The mind reels from the possibilities therein, and the author feeds our curiosity expertly.  That degree of credibility explains why Turtledove is able to craft an intriguing thriller that seems to beg already for a miniseries treatment given the multiple viewpoints and morally ambiguous characters he includes here. Especially interesting is that the author offers the Japanese consciousness far more than that of the Americans, an interesting reversal that may challenge reader sympathies toward the main characters. Turtledove does this by keeping focus on the Japanese in their country during the Hawaiian occupation. Luckily, they are a varied lot defined by their customs, but according to Turtledove's story, they can be extremely ruthless, which as a third generation Japanese-American myself, made me think that some of his brushstrokes are a bit too broad in the portrayal. But for the most part, the author is respectful of the Japanese, as well as the conflicted Japanese-Hawaiians, whose loyalties are tested as they try to deal with the new order. He also has a handful of American observers, who lend their perspective on this unsettling situation since the next step in this alternate reality is a full frontal assault on the U.S. West Coast. What I appreciate most about Turtledove's style is his thorough and dramatically effective presentation of the military mind, but he seems less assured  when he focuses too much on the more personal aspect of his characters and the book veers somewhat toward pulp fiction. Nonetheless, he shows daring creative invention with this dense book, even if the open-ended narrative leaves the reader wanting. His obviously deep knowledge of this period lends a certain resonance that makes this novel a cut above other alternate history books I've read.     