 You could hardly go wrong with this compilation if you are a true Eurythmics fan. I remember very well seeing them in concert in 1987 when they opened their show pulling down a gigantic zipper on the curtain to perform the powerful "Sexcrime" from the "1984" soundtrack (which is sadly not included here). Annie Lennox has one of the genuinely great voices in rock, and coupled with Dave Stewart's synthesizer-heavy arrangements and effects-laden production, it soars with supple, soulful power. As Eurthymics, their sound was inescapable during the 1980's, and they are forever marked by the cool asexuality of their early hits - "Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)", "Who's That Girl?" and "Here Comes the Rain Again".  For me, however, Eurythmics peaked around 1985-87 when they became particularly inspired by Detroit-based soul and R&B. High points include the Memphis-style horns blaring through Lennox's scream-and-shout vocals on the vindictive "Would I Lie to You?"; the percolating roll of "It's Alright (Baby's Coming Back); the double-barrel shotgun duet with Aretha Franklin on the feminist anthem, "Sisters Are Doin' It for Themselves"; the harmonica-swinging purgatory, the vituperative monotone vocal and insistent drum beat of the double-entendre "Missionary Man" (that Frankenstein laboratory video is still memorable); and the savagely sexy "I Need a Man" with defiantly lacerating vocals by a honey-dolled Lennox sounding like a searing combination of Nina Simone and Joan Jett. Other gems include the pulsating 1960's-influenced "Thorn in My Side" complete with a wailing saxophone, the pop-soul of "You Have Placed a Chill in My Heart" and the entrancing ballad "The Miracle of Love".  There is a mellowing that came after a twelve-year break with the calming "I Saved the World Today" and the back-to-basics "17 Again" that has a gentle nod to "Sweet Dreams" and a particularly lovely vocal, both songs from their 1999 "Peace" album. The newly recorded songs match up well to their predecessors with the only noticeable change the lived-in throatiness of Lennox's voice sounding more emotionally resonant than ever - the teasing opener "I've Got a Life" with the Barry White-sounding disco-swing arrangement and the Al Green-like "Was It Just Another Love Affair?" with lush Bee Gees-type harmonies. This is a wonderful compilation though a bit frustrating for the omissions, for example, any track from 1989's wondrous "We Two Are One", and truthfully, the programming of songs on a greatest-hits package eliminates the thematic aspects of the albums and tends to trivialize the output as a whole. Regardless, this is essential listening for any fan.     