 Showing dimensions she has not been allowed to display before onscreen, Joan Allen gives a fearless and fiercely comic performance as Terry Wolfmeyer, a suburban Detroit wife and mother of four daughters who apparently has been abandoned by her philandering husband. Director and screenwriter (as well as former stand-up comic) Mike Binder - who worked with Allen on 2000's "The Contender" playing her chief-of-staff - provides Allen with quite an explosive, warts-and-all showcase for her considerable acting prowess in this spirited 2005 comedy-drama.  The plot seems to be an amalgam of Paul Mazursky's 1978 breakthrough "An Unmarried Woman", a reverse-angle take on Jane Austen's "Pride and Prejudice", and the quirky, ironic sensibilities of Sam Mendes' "American Beauty". However, the themes that Binder espouses are intriguing in that he explores the unremitting torrent of anger one woman feels toward life when she discovers one day that her husband is gone. As Terry deals with her anger through alcoholic binges and canoodling with Denny, the retired pro baseball neighbor, she emotionally abandons her four daughters against her best efforts.  Played by Alicia Witt, oldest daughter Hadley just graduated college and becomes pregnant by an affable rich boy whom Terry describes as "not intelligent". Former "Felicity" star Keri Russell portrays aspiring ballet dancer Emily, who becomes anorexic and almost as angry as Terry. Evan Rachel Wood, superb in "Thirteen", plays youngest daughter "Popeye" (nicknamed for no explained reason), who provides the narration at the beginning and end through a class video project, while experimenting with drugs and developing a crush on a gay classmate. Rebellious Andy, portrayed by Erika Christensen, decides to get a job as a radio station production assistant rather than going to college. In the most nonchalant manner, she ends up sleeping with Shep Goodman, the sleazy producer who happens to be played by Binder. All four up-and-coming actresses are terrific within the confines of their roles.  However, I have to hand the prize to Kevin Costner, who seems finally freed of the self-absorbed heroic roles he has been playing. In what has to be his most insightful performance since 1988's "Bull Durham", Costner plays Denny with an lan he hasn't displayed in years. It is another baseball player role, but he infuses such humor, resignation and naked emotion into his gone-to-seed character, now a perpetually stoned disc jockey who patiently waits for Terry to see the "upside of anger", that sense of calm one feels in the end after all of the rage has been released. He does have a great moment when he kicks Terry's bathroom door down - rather than a romantic gesture, it summarizes the years of frustration in dealing with her paranoia and bitterness.  I also appreciate how Binder realistically treats their mutual alcoholism as a way of life rather than a TV-movie disease eating away at them. There are certain times when the movie does veer toward triteness, and Binder likes to use fantasy sequences to express unspoken feelings - such as when Shep's head explodes at the dinner table to Terry's satisfaction - which are effective though a little too convenient for my taste. While not in the league of "The Sixth Sense", the much-discussed twist ending really makes the film more a parable about the futility of anger. It's a creative move by Binder, though it obviously prevents him from exploring the true upside of anger since it would mean explaining some story lapses.  Nonetheless, this is Allen's show and she is amazing - whether collecting her husband's belonging with fury much like Jill Clayburgh did in "An Unmarried Woman", reacting with silent disgust as she catches Andy and Shep in bed, spooning hesitantly with Denny, ordering another Bloody Mary in front of her prospective in-laws or decking Shep twice at Hadley's wedding. The DVD includes the standard ingredients - eight deleted scenes that were understandably excised, a rather lengthy making-of featurette at over thirty minutes (although I was amazed to discover most of the film was shot in London to keep down costs), and an alternate audio commentary track by Allen and Binder, which is alternately insightful and self-congratulatory. There are also some DVD-ROM features like the shooting script.     