 I have to admit it takes a couple of listens to appreciate David Gray's new disc probably because his introspective style can be easily dismissed as monotonous and rather tedious. It would have been difficult to top the intoxicating hook of "Babylon" from his 1999 "White Ladder" album, and frankly he doesn't try on this new recording. That's not to say this disc doesn't have its share of pleasures, as his rueful maturity and polished craftsmanship are on full display here. Gray partners here with producer Marius de Vries, who brings a more sonic feel to the arrangements. While De Vries has impressive credentials (he produced Madonna's "Ray of Light" and was Baz Luhrmann's musical director for "Moulin Rouge"), I am on the fence as to whether this is a fruitful collaboration with the more acoustically inclined Gray.  To my ears, Gray excels when the arrangements are on the spare side, for example, the quiet, plaintive "From Here You Can Almost See the Sea" and the nice, loping quality of "The One I Love". The opening track "Alibi" is a majestic ballad, but things go a bit awry with "Nos Da Cariad", which picks up the pace a bit with an almost Steely Dan vibe. It has an insistent, minor-key piano line that gradually moves into a chorus that features Gray all but screaming over a beautiful backing vocal. The song initially has a lovely feel that unfortunately degenerates into bombast. The same can be said for the title track, a dirge with a swelling orchestra and some odd machinery-sounding effects to simulate the out-of-body feeling one has when facing an unexpected tragedy. It's another exercise in embellishing a relatively static song with lush ornamentation.  The most pretentious offenders though are the somber non-love song "Ain't No Love", which bridges a long introduction replete with sound effects to an almost spoken, sing-songy verse, and the epic-length "Now and Always" that has an annoying harmonica line meant to impersonate, I believe, a foghorn. The peppiest song on the disc is "Hospital Food", although the lyrics seem to be about a man going stir crazy during a hospital stay. Fortunately, the closing track finds Gray back in typical form with a downbeat piano ballad, "Disappearing World".  The DualDisc features the entire album in enhanced stereo with or without lyrics, the latter showing pointless pictures of glaciers. There is also a rather lightweight, twenty-minute documentary that features Gray and percussionist Clune most prominently, including a funny visit to the local bakery to get their daily pastries. I would not call this recording a misfire, as Gray displays enough heart and grown-up sensibilities to carry the entire venture through, but a few more uptempo songs and a less indulgent producer probably could have helped significantly.     