 Hollywood confections don't come any sweeter than teaming a young, coltish Audrey Hepburn with an effortlessly debonair Fred Astaire in a classic Gershwin musical. The elegantly mounted numbers provide the ideal complement to the souffle-light plot centered on Dick Avery, a world-renowned, Richard Avedon-like fashion photographer who discovers his next model in Jo Stockton, a bookshop clerk and aspiring philosopher, in time for a major event in Paris. The 1957 movie is stylish to the nth degree with a bold color palette that director Stanley Donen and cinematographer Ray June bring to vibrant life. It also adheres to the formula of studio-manufactured musical comedies with characters going through lightning-quick personality transformations to move the story along and allow them to break into song and dance at a moment's notice. This level of contrivance will not sit well with some film viewers, and the opposites-attract storyline seems particularly forced here by the thirty years that separate the co-stars.  Regardless, several individual elements work well starting with Astaire who epitomizes class and artistic drive as Avery, and his dancing and singing remain undiminished by the years. Hepburn is certainly picture-perfect as Jo, looking particularly spectacular in the fashion shoot sequence. With a throaty voice, she sings the classic "How Long Has This Been Going On?" with an aching vulnerability and duets passably on three other numbers. With her ballet training, Hepburn moves well in the dance numbers, though she is not a natural and seems oddly flat-footed when paired with the lithe Astaire, especially on the pastoral "He Loves and She Loves" duet. She gets away with a frantic dance solo as a beatnik in a nightclub through sheer exuberance. As Avery's dictatorial magazine editor Maggie Prescott, the redoubtable Kay Thompson portrays a most irritating character, but her natural wit and good spirits manage to compensate. The film's most energetic number is "Bonjour Paris", a split-screen exploration of the city by Avery, Maggie and Jo. Donen generally does a superb job guiding his movies, but this one ultimately feels a bit lackluster given the participants. The skimpy DVD package has a pristine print transfer plus one disposable extra about Paramount movies in the 1950's.     