 You have to give Kevin Spacey a lot of credit for the cajones he displays here. Star, director, producer, co-writer, and of course, singer and dancer...he makes Barbra Streisand look like a relative shrinking violet in her comparably mammoth, multi-hyphenated self-production, 1983's "Yentl". Both movies share something rather unique, the intensive arm-wrestling match between the purity of a singular artistic vision and the towering supremacy of an equally individualistic ego. Neither side fully dominates, but such efforts cannot help but be fascinating to watch. On the surface, this film appears to be a biopic of the late entertainer Bobby Darin, but the movie is really about Spacey's obsession with Darin, a key distinction of which one needs to be aware to derive any sort of enjoyment here. Why else would he cast himself in the role when he is obviously at least fifteen years too old for it? He even acknowledges this fact in a cheeky scene-within-a-scene of a fictitious film the actors are making of Darin's life in the film.  Once I accepted the actor's unyielding tenacity in the role, it became easier to accept him as Darin, a personality familiar to any baby boomer who can recall his movies and TV appearances up until his death at 37 in 1973. Yet the memory of his impact, unlike that of Ray Charles', has faded considerably, and consequently, Spacey eclipses the performer he portrays, perhaps unintentionally. It's an odd dynamic that works to the story's detriment. Regardless, Spacey's idolatry of Darin is clear in every shot, and he proves to be an excellent singer who does a fine job approximating Darin's vocal style. Spacey also dances with surprising lan in some kitschy musical sequences that are fun to watch and brings the whole Hollywood-meets-Vegas pizzazz to the foreground (I frankly don't recall Darin dancing so Gene Kelly-like in his career). At the same time, they also emphasize the contrived method Spacey has chosen to tell Darin's story as a series of real-life episodes interlaced with fanciful speculation. And even though Darin was known for his braggadocio, the more elliptical Spacey seems more on the verge of intolerable smugness about his considerable talent. Intriguingly, his eerie physical resemblance to the late-sixties Darin is actually quite startling, both physically and temperamentally, and this is the most resonant portion of the movie because the effort to dazzle has been put on the back burner. Yet again, Spacey does not leave well enough alone and reverts back to a Vegas-style fantasy when he ends the film.  Kate Bosworth is convincingly winsome and conflicted as Darin's first wife, actress Sandra Dee, though the film idealizes their love story to the point of dismissing their divorce and minimizing her problems with alcohol and anorexia (sadly Dee died earlier this year). Grade-A actors have been cast in supporting roles but given little more than broad strokes to brush here - John Goodman as Darin's put-upon manager Steve Blauner, Bob Hoskins as blindly loyal brother-in-law Charlie, Caroline Aaron overly blowsy as sister Nina, Brenda Blethyn convincingly American as showbiz mama Polly and Greta Scacchi looking surprisingly aged as Dee's mother Mary. To Spacey's immense credit, there is nothing remotely lazy about this production as he makes the Berlin and England locations look credibly like California, New York and Italy. It's just that some distance between the subject and the actor could have helped make the film resonate more honestly. There is no doubt that Spacey is a major talent on many fronts...I just wish he didn't feel a need to show me his bag of tricks all at once. The extras on the DVD are relatively sparse. Spacey and producer Andy Paterson provide thoughtful commentary on an alternate track, and there is a brief making-of featurette but no deleted scenes included.     