 From "Mary Poppins" to "Madagascar", animated penguins have been portrayed as comical creatures with Chaplinesque walks and tuxedoed outfits. Real penguins have been spotlighted numerous times on the Discovery Channel and Animal Planet. Yet for all their familiarity to us through the years, the amazing survival instinct of the emperor penguins is still something to behold. A French film crew, headed by director Luc Jacquet, spent thirteen months in the hell-freezing cold of Antarctica where temperatures range from 58 to 80 degrees below zero.  Over the course of eighty minutes, you will see hundreds of these penguins making a seventy-mile trek to a breeding ground in Terre Adlle where they find mates. Apparently they have to venture that far because they need to find a place where the ice is solid enough for laying eggs. Females naturally lay the eggs, which are all the more precious because they can only produce one per pairing, but it's up to their male partners to keep them warm against the brutal conditions. Males stay to perform this one task without food for over three months, as the females march back the seventy miles to get food through an ice break. Fending off predators, they hike back to the breeding ground to feed the little ones, at which point the males depart on the same trek to seek their food. What could have been mundane is actually quite fascinating.  What sets this apart from other animal documentaries is the intimacy of Jacquet's gorgeous photography, which captures these strange creatures in a personalized yet unobtrusive manner. The stunning cinematography is credited to Laurent Chalet and Jrme Maison. Some of the shots have to be seen to be believed, for example, the underwater shots where the penguins dart around speedily and attempt to avoid predators like the leopard seal. Jacquet used "penguin cams" to get their perspective when swimming, and the result is startling. The inevitable scenes of death do not seem gratuitous, even when a predatory bird swoops down on the chicks. We even see an intervention scene where a grieving mother who lost her baby unsuccessfully attempts to steal someone else's.  Morgan Freeman uses his recognizable voice to provide the illuminating narration which granted, sometimes borders on the treacly to personalize the plight of the penguins. The DVD includes two good extras - a making-of featurette, ""Of Penguins and Men", which lends Jacquet's personal perspective on the arduous filming process; and another short, "National Geographic's Crittercam: Emperor Penguins", which shows how the penguin cams allows us to see diving and feeding habits which would have been otherwise obscured by the ice. There is a trailer and even the classic Bugs Bunny cartoon short, "8 Ball Bunny", in which the rascally rabbit attempts to take a performing penguin to the South Pole even though he is from Hoboken ("Eeeeyowww...I'm dyin'!"). I always loved how the little penguin with the top hat cries ice cubes when in the bitter cold.     