 Better watch it, fellow baby boomers...this is one addictive album. Usually if I want to listen to something that evokes a high school memory for me, I just play some Top 40 hit from the 70's, which of course, I have to find in the dusty bowels of my garage. Before this disc, I had only heard "Take Your Mama" by the Scissor Sisters on the local AOR station and immediately thought the hooks were catchy in a way that sounds familiar and fresh at the same time.  To my pleasant surprise, what I discovered is how consistently effective this young, glam rock band is in melding their uniquely retro sound into a variety of songs that evoke among others, the Bee Gees, David Bowie, Queen, Gary Glitter and most of all, Elton John.  In fact, "Take Your Mama" sounds like such a natural successor to "Honky Cat" and "Take Me to the Pilot" that I felt like sneaking a cigarette in the boys' room. The rest of the album is just about as much fun. Other standout tracks include the blast-from-the-past opener "Laura", a swaggering song made irresistible by funky Billy Preston-style piano breaks and a honking sax; the Bee Gees-meets-Frankie Goes to Hollywood cover of Pink Floyd's "Comfortably Numb" (especially evocative as they say "Relax" a few times in the chorus); the disco dance floor beat of "Filthy/Gorgeous"; the Ziggy Stardust stylings on "Mary"; the cowbell on speed of "Music Is the Victim"; and the closer, the mandolin-strummed, guitar-wailing anthem, "Return to Oz". In fact, all the songs reflect this band's love of Studio 54 beats, electric guitar-driven bridges and memorable hooks. If their songwriting was not so expert in evoking the seventies, I would have thought of the Scissors Sisters as simply another send-up band, but I get the distinct feeling that they are not performing to satirize but really get into the music as much as anybody in my generation. This is no pop masterpiece, but this is one fun recording, and at 43 minutes, the perfect length to relive one's adolescence.     