 I find this 1998 album irresistible. Burt Bacharach composed some of the best pop music in the sixties and early seventies, but when he broke up with longtime collaborator Hal David, he seemed to lose his way artistically, especially as he veered toward overproduced dreck with then-wife Carole Bayer Sager. Unfortunately his music still charted, so he had no motivation to come back to the type of pop music  he does best.  In fact, I thought he was exiled into a permanent retro-deification state until I heard this disc. Paired most uncharacteristically with Elvis Costello, Bacharach the composer sounds rejuvenated on this recording as if the last thirty years did not even occur.  The momentous orchestra swells, the piano key tinkling, the unmistakable flugelhorns, the gossamer female background vocals and above all, the sweeping, unapologetic romanticism - they are all back in stylish, timeless form with some fresh, intricate lyrics courtesy of Costello, who sings with surprising vigor without a hint of irony or unwarranted nostalgia.  Each song is a gem. "In the Darkest Place" starts things off in a dusky mood with an intoxicating piano dictating the cocktail lounge rhythm. "Toledo" is a bouncy though more melancholy cousin to "Do You Know the Way to San Jose?" with its geography-driven lyrics. "Tears at the Birthday Party" has the silliest, double-entendre lyrics this side of Jimmy Webb's "MacArthur Park", but it has an infectious beat and a soaring chorus that its lightheartedness provides a welcome respite. The title track is a lovely ballad driven by a piano and guitar that reminds me fondly of "Alfie" with its escalating strings and swooning notes. "The Sweetest Punch" is pop music at its catchy best with a ringing bell response to Costello's crooning of "You knock me out/It was the sweetest punch/The bell goes...". Both "This House Is Empty Now" and "What's Her Name Today?" are powerful ballads that will remind you immediately of Bacharach classics like "A House Is Not a Home", "A Message to Michael" and "One Less Bell to Answer". Regardless, the closing track, "God Give Me Strength", is the artistic high point and the initial reason why Bacharach and Costello partnered for this recording. Written for Allison Anders' 1996 faux-Carole King biopic movie, "Grace of My Heart", it was a poignant moment when the Denise Waverly character sings this ballad with such uncertain yearning and romantic fervor that the faux-Brian Wilson character could not help but be impressed enough to sign her up for his label. While I still prefer the more plaintive Kristen Vigard version (to which Ileana Douglas lip synched in the film), Costello sings with a surprising emotional wallop wrapping his voice around a full orchestra led by a mournful trumpet that provides the appropriate crescendo to this masterful recording. Strongly recommended.     