 Was there a better pop tunesmith in the second half of the 20th century than Burt Bacharach, and did he ever have a more copacetic partner than Hal David? Nowhere is that more evident than in this wonderful collection of Bacharach's hits. Truly the most impressive tracks are right in the middle of the disc between Dionne Warwick's groundbreaking "Anyone Who Had a Heart" and Marilyn McCoo's swooning take on "One Less Bell to Answer", and it is certainly no coincidence that these songs reflect Bacharach and David during their most fertile period in the sixties.  Dionne Warwick obviously had her fair share of hits from them, six included here highlighted by my personal favorites "Walk on By" and "Alfie". It's also great to hear Dusty Springfield's original version of "The Look of Love", where her smoky tones perfectly fit the mood of the song, which was aptly used for a slow motion seduction scene in "Casino Royale". Jackie DeShannon's symphonic rendition of "What the World Needs Now Is Love" and Tom Jones' Vegas-style "What's New Pussycat?" are also terrific to hear again. The disc does fall short at the beginning where the first two songs feel rather primitive compared to the sophistication of the rest, and sadly at the end where Bacharach partnered with his then-wife Carole Bayer Sager on two of the most overplayed songs from the eighties, "Arthur's Theme" and "That's What Friends Are For". Frankly, I would have preferred "Message to Michael", "You'll Never Get to Heaven (If You Break My Heart)" or even the Carpenters' "(They Long to Be) Close to You" instead. But these lapses are completely excusable.  Although it will make you feel immediately nostalgic to hear these songs one after the other, what will linger in your mind is how potent these songs continue to be as timeless pop classics.  By the way, if you are looking for other definitive versions of Bacharach-David songs, check out Barbra Streisand's amazing, fugue-like medley of "One Less Bell to Answer" and "A House Is Not a Home" on her 1971 "Barbra Joan Streisand" CD.     