 Even though I agree this 1955 movie has moments of silly excess (just look at the DVD cover), I'm still surprised how there seems to be a backlash by contemporary critics against the film for being dated melodrama. That's exactly the reason why I find this film so entertaining, for the Baroque-level elements provide a dramatic resonance to the most mundane of settings, the Labor Day picnic in a small Kansas town during the Eisenhower era. Into this insulated cornbelt hamlet comes Hal Carter, a swaggering drifter looking to connect with his old college buddy Alan for a job. His natural, testosterone-fueled charisma attracts all the women, including Alan's girlfriend Madge Owens. Contrary to her repressed mother's nagging wishes to marry into Alan's wealthy family, Madge becomes drawn to Hal much to the disapproval of most of the town. Spinster schoolteacher Rosemary Sidney rents a room in the Owens house, but she is desperately aching for her reluctant suitor Howard Bevans to marry her. Madge's little sister Millie tires of living in her beautiful sister's shadow and solicits Hal's attention, and kindly neighbor Mrs. Potts is the only one who sees Hal as the positive life force he wants to be.  The movie begs for Douglas Sirk or Elia Kazan to commandeer it with individualistic style, but direction is left in the hands of Joshua Logan, who directed the stage version on Broadway. Logan has a tendency toward focusing on the obvious in his films ("Sayonara", "South Pacific"), but he certainly captures the latent passions that drive screenwriter Daniel Taradash's florid adaptation of William Inge's play. The rural look of the film feels right, and James Wong Howe's stellar cinematography has a lot to do with that. Another contributing factor to the film's success is George Duning's familiar, Bernstein-like music score with its soaring string arrangements. The acting is uniformly strong even if the casting is less than ideal in some cases. In a role that should have ideally gone to Brando at his prime, William Holden is at least a decade too old as Hal (the actor admitted as much afterward) and a bit too haggard-looking to be the subject of such swooning. However, he conveys the empty bravado of his character with conviction.  Even though she overacts during her drunken scene, Rosalind Russell is unafraid to show the deep-seeded loneliness and innate vulgarity in Rosemary. It's a masterful performance that repels at the same time. In her first leading role, a well-cast Kim Novak manages to show Madge's insecurity in a most affecting manner especially toward the end. Her mating dance with Holden to the strains of "Moonglow" under the Chinese lanterns is still one of the most sensual scenes in movies. In fact, their chemistry is key in overcoming the contrived hurdle of believing their characters would fall for each other over the course of one day. Effective in smaller roles are Arthur O'Connell as Howard (his heartbreaking scenes with Russell provide a sharp counterpoint to the blooming romance of the young lovers), Betty Field as Madge's mother Flo, a sympathetic Verna Felton as Mrs. Potts, a young Cliff Robertson as Alan, and an even younger Susan Strasberg as Millie. I have to admit the last ten minutes of the film always get to me for its overt romanticism. The 2000 DVD contains a decent print of the film and a gallery of stills from the film set to the music score.     