 Mezzo-soprano Cecilia Bartoli's periodic focus on Baroque repertoire has resulted in some stunning recordings, in particular, her lovelorn Almirena in Christopher Hogwood's 2000 production of Handel's "Rinaldo" opposite countertenor David Daniels. However, I don't think I have appreciated the full range of her vocal delivery, as well as her lustrous tone and flawless technique, more than I have with this disc of rarefied early music. Intriguingly, it explores music written in Rome between 1703 and 1710 during a papal ban on local opera performances. With great fluidity, Bartoli sings arias written for the castrati not only by the reigning composer of the day, Handel, but also Alessandro Scarlatti and Antonio Caldara, as women had been banished from the stage more than a century earlier.  Her fiery delivery is on full display in the opening track, Scarlatti's wildly pyrotechnical "All'arme si accesi guerrieri," which Bartoli tears through with astounding speed and force. Right afterward, in direct contrast, there is Scarlatti's gentle "Mentre io godo in dolce oblio" from "Il Giardino di Rose," in which the singer sweetly rests among the flowers along the riverbank, as the orchestra simulates a gentle breeze. Handel is well represented with his "Un pensiero nemico di pace" from "Il Trionfo del Tempo e del Disinganno", where Bartoli shows off with impressive dexterity a series of virtuoso runs. As a precursor to the more familiar "Lascia ch'io pianga" from "Rinaldo", his "Lascia la spina, cogli la rosa" from the same work has a similar opening refrain, which leads to an aria full of noble simplicity and tonal purity. You will also hear Bertarido's familiar aria of triumph, "Vivi, tiranno" from "Rodelinda", complete with the same trumpet accompaniment, on Handel's "Come nembo che fugge col vento". But this hardly reflects retread as it does Handel's mastery of the musical idiom.  As the least familiar of the trio, Caldara serves up arguably her most poignantly rendered performances here peaking with his "Si piangete pupille dolente (Aria di Santa Francesca)" where Bartoli fully demonstrates her inimitable ability to convey pathos via slow, sonorous tones. His "Vanne pentitia a piangere (Aria di Santa Eugenia)" from "Il Trionfo dell'Innocenza" provides a similarly shimmering showcase for Bartoli, and her authoritative trilling impressively takes over his "Sparga il senso lascivo veleno (Aria di Flavia)". But leave it to Handel to have the last word, as his music provides the closing track, a lovely performance of "Notte funesta...Ferma l'ali". It is at once mournful and defiant, as befitting Mary Magdalene's recitative and aria from "La Resurrezione".  Renowned early music director Marc Minkowski raises his baton expertly to lead Les Musiciens du Louvre through an equally thrilling performance. The essay in the accompanying booklet that compares post-WWII Italy with 18th-century opera and oratorios is intriguing in showing the power of the Catholic Church to enforce censorship of art forms they deemed unsuitable. This explains Bartoli's diva-esque pose in the fountain on the cover, as she mimics the monumentally zaftig Anita Ekberg cavorting in the Trevi in Federico Fellini's classic "La Dolce Vita". It also explains how this music has relevance for modern audiences hungering for untapped early music. As she has proven again, Bartoli is most definitively the ideal muse with her ardently soaring voice hovering over the seamless melodies of the three masters.     