 Rarely has background music made such a transcendent impact on a film-going experience, but such is the case of Anton Karas's haunting zither in Carol Reed's 1949 dark thriller, a genuine classic of post-WWII deception and desperation. The sparkling, sylphlike strumming makes an ironic, dramatically effective counterpoint to the foreboding atmosphere of a bombed-out Vienna barely recovering from the war. There are many ironies embedded In the story, no surprise given that the screenplay is penned by novelist Graham Greene, whose best work reflects the pervasive moral ambiguities surrounding modern man and the moral ambivalence that complicates otherwise comfortable lives.  The intricate story focuses on Holly Martins, a semi-renowned pulp fiction writer of westerns, who comes to Vienna at the request of his old friend Harry Lime. Unexpectedly, Lime turns out to be dead, and Martins begins to discover that his friend was not what he claimed to be but an immoral racketeer dealing with tainted penicillin on the black market. The rest of the story depends on plot twists too rich to divulge here, but suffice it to say that things are not what they appear. Problems for Martins are compounded by the political divisions of the city (Vienna was in four quadrants like Berlin); the limited disclosures of Major Calloway, a likeable British policeman on the Lime case and the allure of Lime's beautiful, mysterious lover Anna.  Graham masters the treacherous turns of the script with his trademark humanism and spirited wit, and Reed brings a cinematic style that recalls not coincidentally Orson Welles's masterpiece, "Citizen Kane". Both films involve the precarious nature of male friendships and feature two of the same leading actors, Joseph Cotten and Welles himself. Working to represent the perspective of the curious viewer, Cotten is terrific in his career-best role as Martins. Welles shows up late and elliptically in the film as the central figure in the plot, but he makes every moment count, especially the suspenseful chase scene through the Vienna sewer system at the end. Eschewing the romantic yearning he displayed three years earlier in David Lean's "Brief Encounter", Trevor Howard plays Calloway sardonically but with a palpable sense of humanity. As Anna, Alida Valli provides a Dietrich-like sultriness that works, even though her thick accent gets in the way of some of Graham's deft dialogue.  Another nod to Welles can be found in Robert Krasker's expressionistic cinematography full of deep shadows and off-kilter angles. It's masterful mood-setting work. The lengthy, melancholic last shot summarizes the story perfectly. Celebrating the film's fiftieth anniversary, the 1999 Criterion Collection DVD package provides a crisp print of the black-and-white film, equally impressive audio, an alternate opening which includes more of Holly's first-person narration, a couple of related radio shows with Cotten and Welles. This is a genuine film noir classic well worth your time.     