 With the long-awaited screen adaptation directed by Rob Marshall ("Chicago") coming next month, Arthur Golden's original novel is certainly worth a second look as it remains one of the deepest and most convincing immersions into a foreign culture, the highly complex and mythologized world of the Japanese geisha. The first-person narrative is such a bold move because it immediately gives a sense of autobiography that a lesser writer would have come across as merely self-indulgent. Yet, he invents an academic figure to "write" the foreword - Jakob Haarhuis, a fictional professor of Japanese at NYU, provides an explanation for how the memoirs are gathered, that they are the taped memoirs of the protagonist Sayuri.  While it's obvious that Golden has done his research, what takes the book to a higher level is the way he penetrates the psyche of the people caught within the orbit of this cloistered world. The story follows the life of Chiyo, a nine-year old Japanese girl who is sold into slavery along with her older sister Satsu. Because of her unusual grey eyes, Chiyo is then sold to an okiya (boardinghouse for geishas). The scenes in the okiya are Golden's most meticulous and accomplished, especially as Chiyo undergoes a grueling apprenticeship and competes with the beautiful, worldly but wholly spiteful Hatsumomo, who is the okiya's star geisha. Men become bewitched by her poise and subservient manner, and she takes her new name, Sayuri, symbolizing her metamorphosis into a professional geisha. Surviving some unsavory escapades with some of the okiya's most undesirable patrons, Sayuri surpasses Hatsumomo in stature and becomes the mistress of the man she had set her heart on all along, the benevolent chairman of an electrical supply company.  While a more predictable story would have stopped there with the love story, the author goes further and has Sayuri move to New York to run a salon for visiting Japanese businessmen until the chairman dies. In a certain way, I wish Golden did stop the book in Japan when WWII ends in the story. The chapters afterward feel rushed as if the author is losing interest in her story and wants the reader to get to the inevitable ending quickly. Regardless, Golden fills the book with vivid images and subtle descriptions of the nuances of Japanese culture. Absolutely invaluable in its detail if sometimes too overwhelming to appreciate at once (a repeated reading is recommended), the story reflects a brilliant eye for the customs and rituals within geisha society, including its politics, rivalries, and traditions. Having been to the historic Gion district of Kyoto, where present-day geishas still live, I have caught a glimpse of these women scurrying about in their beautiful kimonos looking both fetching and anachronistic. Golden captures their stories with compassion and an anthropologist's fervor. This is strongly recommended both as fiction and an essential ingredient of Japan's cultural history.     