 I suppose it was just a matter of time before someone would make the case that the same forces that guide terrorism are those behind organized religion. Not the actual beliefs, mind you, but the uncompromising commitment in believing what they say, and this does not bode well for the rest of us. Author Sam Harris takes fundamentalists at their word, as he points out astutely that "The men who committed the atrocities of September 11 were ... men of faith -- perfect faith, as it turns out -- and this, it must finally be acknowledged, is a terrible thing to be." Curiously, political observers have often discounted principles of faith, and fundamentalist Christians, much like Islam-inspired terrorist groups, are often viewed as the members of the disenfranchised. Harris views this as a life-threatening mistake, and frankly in our ongoing war against terrorism, no one could possibly disagree.  Harris is careful to separate religion from the people who have faith, but he takes dead aim at Islamic militants, who see themselves engaged in a war against infidels, and at Christian fundamentalists, who want to impose their moral views on abortion and sexuality on others. That is not the groundbreaking part of the book. Rather, Harris espouses that faith itself is the source of all ill in the world and that we need to live in a world of scientific reason. A key part of his controversial argument is the condemnation of moderate religion, which Harris sees as feeding into the extreme beliefs that lead to mass destruction. He does not appear to condone suppressing religion, a key nuance that needs to be stressed to anyone alienated by the book's theme. Though somewhat oblique about it, Harris does support the belief that life has a spiritual dimension. However, he feels religion should be accessible to scientific study, and that will most certainly raise the ire of the religious right.  I like Harris' daring in tackling this seemingly indefensible subject, but since he is not a theologian, the book is not without simplistic logic and incomplete study. For instance, he strongly argues that believers of every denomination constantly engage in civil wars that have produced the Inquisition and the anti-Semitism that resulted in the Holocaust. While true to a degree, one needs to understand the political climate that contributed to such atrocities to get a complete picture of how these abominations occurred. His views on Hindu and Buddhist meditation practices as the basis of ethical foundation are interesting, but ironically contrary to his arguments, there is little scientific evidence to back up his claims yet. What Harris is great at is developing hypotheses worthy of healthy discussion. If we could truly follow his line of logic, I have no doubt the world would be a better place. This is smart reading...expect to be challenged.     