 I'm not sure even a President as devious in hindsight as Richard Nixon has produced the same amount of ire that has been behind the multitude of books and films aimed squarely at the George W. Bush presidency. Having read a few and seen "Fahrenheit 9/11", these pieces have been of varying quality, intelligence and entertainment, consequently it's difficult to decide which ones are the most worthwhile to recommend. Believe me, this is one of the better ones, and it bears a striking similarity to the arguments raised by Senator Robert Byrd's recent book, "Losing America: Confronting a Reckless and Arrogant Presidency". Author Mark Crispin Miller sees the U.S. as being subverted by an administration that integrates religiosity into its policy-making, encourages astronomical spending on an unjustified war and disregards the U.S. Constitution almost entirely. However, Miller's treatise goes further than Byrd's tome in exploring the news media as an enabling partner treating the Bush administration as if it were moderate and honest, ensuring each White House statement is given its proper spin.  As if speaking from his own pulpit, Miller certainly makes his case with enough testimonies and transcripts to make the reader wonder what exactly are the motivating factors behind the Bush/Cheney "new world order". He asserts that the current administration truly believes they have been tapped by God to lead a journey to move the country to the far religious right, regardless of the conflicting opinions of the American people as expressed through their voting. It's a frightening, almost-Orwellian proposition, and by the end of the book, I have to say Miller's positioning appears quite credible. One particularly compelling area he covers is the build-up to war in Iraq and the Bush White House-instigated discrediting of weapons inspectors, who insisted that Iraq had no weapons of mass destruction. This is where Miller's investigative skills are at full force, and the book becomes a flaming expos of the media manipulation of which the current administration is capable. Whereas Michael Moore with "Fahrenheit 9/11" and Maureen Dowd in her book, "Bushworld: Enter at Your Own Risk" find an almost black humor in what is going on now, Miller remains steadfast and serious-minded, as if Bush's allegedly egregious violation of democracy requires someone of equal conviction to hold on tight against the onslaught of those who would claim the author to produce simply hyperbolic judgments. Miller can be quite didactic in his support of his convictions, nonetheless, it's still a fine and strong read, albeit a scary one, reinforced by several viewpoints that have been recently published on this same topic, in particular, "Imperial Hubris" by an anonymous senior CIA officer. Highly recommended.     