 I like the concept of a Bollywoodized version of Jane Austen's "Pride and Prejudice" - the high energy and flashy colors of the Mumbai-based film industry seem ripe for cross-cultural exposure. However, somewhere between concept and execution, director Gurinder Chadha misses the mark in adapting the particular stylizations of Indian cinema into something that really could resonate with a worldwide audience. Chadha presumes the viewer knows about the polarizing characteristics of Bollywood cinema, which I think is her most fundamental mistake here.  This 2004 film indiscriminately bounces between a social comedy about class differences among native and British-born Indians, a veiled indictment against American imperialism, and a carefree dinner theater-type musical with people spontaneously breaking out into often clumsy choreography. If anything, Chadha and screenwriter Paul Mayeda Berges stick too closely to the plot contrivances of Austen's 1813 novel instead of focusing on the themes that elevated the book into a literary classic, and the problem is compounded by poor editing where turns in the story feel like they happen in a vacuum.  Even when Chadha tries mightily to capture the vibrancy of multi-culturalism, especially in playing cross-cultural clashes for laughs through character stereotypes and slapstick situations, the movie falls short in the handling of key themes such as racial identity and cultural fidelity. That's a shame because she has certainly assembled an attractive cast to inhabit the story starting with one of Bollywood's biggest stars, the inarguably stunning Aishwarya Rai, as the feisty Elizabeth Bennett character, Lalita, who will not succumb to an arranged marriage at the expense of real love. In her English-language movie debut, she is a charismatic presence and plays her role with feisty charm.  The same cannot be said of Martin Henderson, so blandly wooden as William Darcy, the priggish American son of a hotel magnate, that it's often hard to tell that he is enamored with Lalita. He is sadly overshadowed by Daniel Gilles as Darcy's nemesis, Johnny Wickham, a Brit of dubious character, and Naveen Andrews as Darcy's British-Indian friend Balraj Bingley (who even gets to break out into a production number that recalls "America" from "West Side Story"). Both are more interesting actors and inadvertently offset the romantic balance of the film.  With the exceptions of the wonderful Anupam Kher as the patient Mr. Bakshi and the pretty Namrata Shirodkar as Lalita's more marriage-minded sister Jaya, the rest of the supporting cast is painted in fairly broad brushstrokes - Indira Varma as Balraj's haughty sister, Kiran; Nadira Babbar as the mother overly obsessed with marrying off her daughters; Nitrin Ganatra as the obnoxious Mr. Kholi (a buffoonish cross between Jerry Lewis and Urkel); and in a thankless cameo, an aged Marsha Mason plays Darcy's controlling mother as an upscale harridan.  As with many Bollywood films, the film travels quite a bit in lightning flashes - from the Punjabi city of Amritsar to the beach resort town of Goa to London to LA and back. You would think the songs (written by Craig Pruess and Anu Malik) would provide the high points, but the music and lyrics are pretty pedestrian considering the obvious expense of the film itself. Choreographed by Bollywood stalwart Saroj Khan, the production numbers are elaborate, sometimes a great deal of fun with some thoroughly ridiculous, out-of-the-blue elements such as a gospel choir on Santa Monica Beach and R&B singer Ashanti showing up at a beach rave party in Goa.   If you've never experienced a Bollywood movie, I'm not sure this film would motivate you to try a real one, but if you want a more fulfilling view of India, you may want to reach back for Jean Renoir's "The River" or Satyajit Ray's Apu Trilogy. There are a surprising number of extras with the DVD, but they are variable in quality. Chadha and Berges provide the less-than-revelatory audio commentary on an alternate audio track. There are deleted scenes and extended production numbers, interviews with Rai and Henderson, a making-of featurette, a throwaway extra called "The Crew Does the Songs", and even an Ashanti video of her performance.     