 As a neophyte traveler to India planning my itinerary a few years back, I chose to limit myself to the Grand Trunk Road and at the time had regrets about having to bypass Bombay. According to author Suketu Mehta, it looks like my decision may have been inadvertently wise. His portrayal of this megalopolis and its inhabitants is fulsome but frequently bleak and sometimes stultifying. He offers an insider's view of Bombay in a way that makes you feel you are experiencing all dimensions of it, no small feat for a city that contains 18 million people. Of course, some of the details are on the sketchy side, but frankly the city is so overwhelming, I don't mind some of the book's more cursory aspects. After all, Mehta has the daunting task of encompassing the gang wars, the corruption, the poverty and the prolific industry known worldwide as "Bollywood" into a single tome.  The author paints an almost surreal picture of urban life there, but through his determined and often risky investigations, he is also intent on showing the layers underneath to provide the typical outsider a more comprehensive understanding of how Bombay has become so out of control. Mehta is particularly riveting when interviewing the rioters and hit men on both sides of the long-standing Hindu-Muslim divide that peaked with extreme violence in the early nineties. Promising to put their lives in the movies, the author extracts brutal yet fascinating confessions from people who murder for a living and trust no one. The tactic seems questionable, but the resulting confessionals are worthwhile. The other high point of the book is his first-hand account of the Indian film industry. Since Mehta himself is a screenwriter for a film highlighted in the book, "Mission Kashmir", he is able to extract some interesting perspectives, including his own, on the filmmaking process and the surrounding business and politics.  I would imagine a lot of what he writes will not be popular with native Mumbaikars (as they are known especially since the city's name changed officially to Mumbai in 1996), but it certainly feels real, especially as he expresses outrage at the tightening grip of the underworld bosses controlling much of the wealth of the city.  In particular, Mehta paints an incisive portrait of Bal Thackeray, the city's uncrowned king who exercises unwarranted levels of power and influence through his political acumen and questionable ethics. Just by the startling revelations he gets, it's obvious the author is incurring a great deal of risk by uncovering Thackeray in this journalistic manner. At the same time, Bombay holds a strange fascination over anyone interested in Indian culture, and Mehta's writing will certainly satisfy those in need of his amazing insight. Despite all the travesties there, I actually never questioned Mehta's admiration for the city and those who survive living there day after day. So order up some vadapav and a masala Coke and be prepared for a dark journey. Needless to say, this is no Lonely Planet guide. Fascinating reading.     