 This has to be among the most visually arresting films I have seen and almost as certainly one of the most alternately depressing and energetic. Filmmaker Fernando Meirelles, along with co-director Ktia Lund, provides a surreal, kinetic energy to a gritty story about an ironically named ghetto called Cidade de Deus (City of God) over the course of what appears to be fifteen years or so. Like me, you may recognize elements of past Hollywood films ranging from William Wyler's "Dead End" to Martin Scorsese's "Goodfellas" to Brian de Palma's version of "Scarface" to Walter Hill's "The Warriors" to even Robert Wise and Jerome Robbins' "West Side Story". But the synthesis digs much deeper into a world completely its own, the harrowing world of the favelas of Rio de Janeiro, a mere bus ride away from the city's world renowned beaches and resort hotels but far enough away not to be recognizable hopefully to any cautious foreign tourist. It's a vividly rendered portrait of a band of lost, amoral children that draws you in while keeping you at arm's length by the audacity of the story turns.  Like some of its cinematic predecessors, this 2002 movie is not really a heavy-handed morality tale but more a slick, almost pulpish gangster epic focused on a pint-sized psychopath named Li'l Dice who turns into the City of God's drug lord and crime boss, Li'l Z. I frankly don't know which is the more scarifying portrayal - young Douglas Silva who plays Li'l Dice with chilling calm, especially in a motel shooting spree that will leave you grimacing in agony, or Leandro Firmino da Hora's menacing wolf grin, unrelenting nihilism and psychotic social ineptitude as Li'l Z. The film's narrator, however, is the actual protagonist of the story, an aspiring photographer named Rocket (played with halting conviction by Alexandre Rodrigues), who prefers being on the periphery and wants desperately to escape the favela. The story flashes back and forth with fluidity from the 1960's when a cocky teenaged group called the "Tender Trio" ruled the neighborhood by holding up gas trucks to the 1970's when little children carried guns with alarming alacrity. In fact, there are few scenes as brutally harrowing as the one where Li'l Z forces a child named Steak-n-Fries to choose between two smaller children for maiming and ultimately killing. However, it would be too pat to label the film as violently exploitative, as Meirelles and Lund exhibit such life-force vitality and visual flourish in nearly every shot. For example, the opening chicken slaughter scene, with its quick cuts and gyrating salsa music, is alternately squeamish and enthralling, while the extended disco sequence uses strobe lights to powerfully dramatic effect.  There are other key characters that weave into the main fabric of the plot - Li'l Z's more emotionally secure confidante, Ben (Phellipe Haagensen); Carrot, a rival drug lord nobody seems to trust (Matheus Nachtergale); and most intriguing, a pacifist ex-soldier named Knockout Ned (played charismatically by Seu Jorge, the Bowie-strumming crew member in Wes Anderson's "The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou") who goes from bus token attendant to favela hero in a steely, jealousy-ridden showdown with Li'l Z. It seems inevitable that a huge gun battle pulls all the story threads together, and it does so effectively thanks to a perceptive screenplay by Braulio Mantovani, who knows not to cross the border into contrivance. The DVD includes an hour-long documentary, "News From a Personal War" even more depressing than the movie in showing the real-life corruption infiltrating not only the favelas but the government and the rich as well. Surprisingly there is no audio commentary track by the filmmakers.     