 It's a bit difficult not to think of the Evelyn Waugh classic with Charles Ryder and Sebastian Flyte as one reads this sumptuously written novel by Alan Hollinghurst. You can also throw in some of E.M. Forster's "Maurice", a touch of John Guare's "Six Degrees of Separation" and a little post-divorce Princess Diana for good measure. But with its beautiful prose and contemporary sensibilities, you can hardly call Hollinghurst's story derivative. It takes place in the eighties with the central figure of Nick Guest, the son of a middle-class antiques dealer. While attending Oxford, he befriends Toby, the son of rising Tory politician Gerald Fedden, and insinuates himself into the Fedden home in Notting Hill. In his wishful thinking and self-delusion, Nick develops a taste for the privileges of the wealthy, but unlike the people that surround him, he is all preference and no possession, and that barrier remains insurmountable.  The story unfolds in three parts, and each extended episode reveals Nick's maturing sexuality from the "inner theatre of sexual make-believe" at Oxford to the experienced and confident lover he becomes four years later. Along the way, he becomes deeply involved emotionally and sexually with an outrageously wealthy Lebanese lover named Wani, a Dodi-like figure whose father does bear a striking resemblance to Mohammed Al Fayed. Despite the posh, erudite environment, the story's focus is primarily Nick coming to terms with his homosexuality. Be forewarned that Hollinghurst goes into sometimes graphic detail in describing his protagonist's sexual liaisons as a means of defining this rather critical period when the AIDS epidemic was moving into the mainstream consciousness. Concurrently, at odds with the sexual liberation enjoyed by Nick and his friends, the author effectively evokes Britain's growing conservatism in the Thatcher years, even introducing her in a cameo appearance. Wearing a jacket that makes her look like a country and western singer, Thatcher finds herself swept onto the dance floor with a very coked-up Nick, a surreal moment that turns into the book's most amusing scene.   I have to admit I was disappointed to hear that Hollinghurst won the 2004 Man Booker Award over David Mitchell, who penned a sprawling and impressively complex masterwork in his "Cloud Atlas". However, this book does provide its own unique pleasure by adding an intriguing texture to a socially turbulent time in Britain's recent history. I think it would unfairly trivialize the book to call it simply a gay novel, as it is for anyone who is looking for a beautifully observed story full of stylish passages and heart-piercing human insight. Certainly not for everyone but highly recommended for those who are curious.     