 Thirty years have not tarnished the unequivocal hilarity of Mel Brooks' send-up of classic 1930's horror movies. With stiff competition from "The Producers" and "Blazing Saddles", classics in their own right, this is arguably Mel Brooks' comedy high watermark. This masterwork is just one of those serendipitous circumstances when all the elements work beautifully and in just the right amounts. First, there are the visual elements...the sharp black-and-white cinematography by Gerald Hirschfeld and the authentic-looking production design and set decoration by Dale Hennesy and Bob De Vestal. Then there is the endlessly clever script by Brooks and star Gene Wilder, which ranges from broad slapstick and farce to bawdy burlesque humor to sharp irreverent satire. They have written a king's ransom in funny lines that have since become part of comedy film lore..."Werewolf?...There wolf. There castle."..."He vas my...boyfriend!"..."It's Eye-gor"...""Put...the candle...back".   The casting is impeccable. As Dr. Frederick Frankenstein (pronounced "Fronk-en-steen" to escape his "cuckoo" bloodline), Wilder balances his trademark wide-eyed innocence with the character's monomaniacal drive with perfect aplomb. Teri Garr and cross-eyed, bug-eyed Marty Feldman lend able comic support as Inga and Igor, the doctor's nubile "laboratory assistant" ("Roll, roll, roll in da hay") and the hunchback, inexplicably British footman ("What hump?"), respectively. Kenneth Mars has a funny turn as the police inspector, looking very much like a direct cousin of his Fhrer-loving Franz Liebkind in "The Producers". Deglamorized to the point of being heroic, Cloris Leachman is wonderfully over-the-top as Frau Blcher, still holding a torch for the original Dr. Frankenstein and whose very name makes the horses whinny in fear. Of course, she did a variation of this role in Brooks' later "High Anxiety" as the evil Nurse Diesel. Peter Boyle, well before his paternal curmudgeon on "Everybody Loves Raymond", makes a lovably menacing monster, his fearful nature offset by a soft-shoe turn with Wilder on "Puttin' on the Ritz". An almost unrecognizable  Gene Hackman provides a memorably riotous cameo as Harold, the blind monk ready to make espresso for his new friend. Even with all this keen competition, Madeline Kahn still stands out as Elizabeth, the doctor's high-maintenance fiance, who in one of the most hilarious scenes, gets seduced by the monster and climaxes with a rendition of "Ah, Sweet Mystery of Life" that would make Jeanette McDonald blush. Just about everything she says gives me an uncontrollable case of the giggles. She is well missed.  The DVD has several worthwhile extras such as a few deleted scenes and outtakes, including a ridiculous "Actor's Parade" sequence that has no purpose but to make the entire cast pass by the camera. There is also a 36-minute making-of documentary, which is informative, entertaining and includes even more outtakes. There are also a couple of oddly amusing Mexican TV interviews with Feldman, Wilder and Leachman. This is a true comedy classic well worth owning and watching over and over again.     