 Even a lesser work from a late-period Benjamin Britten is worthy of a look and listen, and this 2001 production from Germany directed by Margaret Williams certainly has the quality production values to do justice to the composer's 1971 opera, a work originally developed for television. Based on an 1892 ghost story by Henry James, it's a relatively straightforward anti-war story set in 1958 about a soldier who turns into a conscientious objector and consequently a family outcast. The piece reminds me a lot of Britten's anti-violence masterwork "Billy Budd", as I was struck by the central irony of Owen's predicament - that the traditional source of support, his family, turns into a more virulent war than any combat he would have faced on the battlefield.  The actual filming locations help immeasurably to build the context of the story, but the downside is the lack of adjustment made by singers who are used to delivering their voices full-blast onstage. I imagine part of the reasoning has to do with the story's theme of intolerance and that Williams feels a need to give a sense of belligerent ensemble to epitomize the adversarial force against the hero. The other detrimental factor to this production is the lethargic pacing. Fortunately, baritone Gerald Finley - who impressed me last October as Robert Oppenheimer in another period opera, John Adams' "Doctor Atomic" - plays the title role with admirable restraint and sings powerfully throughout. He makes palpable the character's decreasing sense of personal power as the story lurches along.  All the singing is quite accomplished, though there are two standouts among the actors. Mezzo-soprano Charlotte Hellekant makes Kate Julian at once beautiful and foreboding, especially in her Act II taunting of Owen for his perceived cowardice, and bass-baritone Peter Savidge makes Owen's sole supporter, Spencer Coyle, a highly sympathetic figure. Regardless of the flaws, I still feel that experiments to translate opera to the screen are worthwhile to pursue, though after having also experienced Barbara Willis Sweete's 2002 film adaptation of Gounod's "Romeo and Juliet", I still await a wholly successful transfusion. On the DVD, there is one invaluable extra, an hour-long documentary on the life of Britten with particular emphasis on three of his masterworks - "Peter Grimes", "War Requiem" and "Death in Venice". There is a treasure trove of archived performances (in particular, rare footage of Britten's partner Peter Pears' performance in "Peter Grimes") and current-day interviews with Britten's contemporaries. This part of the DVD is a genuine must for any Britten aficionado.     