 Stephen Greenblatt, Harvard professor and Shakespeare historian, has taken on the daunting task of filling in all the significant blanks in the Bard's life to pull together a compelling biography. Granted much of it is quite speculative based on what Shakespeare wrote, and Greenblatt certainly has a lot of material to use - 37 plays, 150 sonnets and two long narrative poems. But a question does arise when you read this compelling book as to whether Shakespeare's life experiences informed his work or vice-versa. Obviously, at some point in his life, he fell in love with the language, the acting and the exhilaration of the theater, so to some degree, the question becomes moot -  for Shakespeare, all the world did become a stage, and the stage became a microcosm for the world.  Greenblatt reminds us that much of  Shakespeare's genius was his uncanny ability to take the old and to make it new and timeless. A good example of this skill is "Macbeth", which was written to court favor with Elizabeth I's successor, the Scottish James I, a peculiar man with a fondness for witchcraft and a descendant of Banquo, a contemporary of the murderous thane. Shakespeare transforms this one-time ally of Macbeth's into a character slain by Macbeth for his honor. The author writes that the play, written in haste shortly after the Gunpowder Plot of 1605, served to reassure James that he held a rightful place among England's legitimate rulers. Consequently, the mixing of historical fact and fiction does provide an interesting subtext to the Bard's work. Greenblatt is most effective when he allows facts to lay the groundwork for reasonable speculation, but he is on thinner ice when he looks for the impetus for "Hamlet", where there is no direct historical reference to call up. Greenblatt tries to connect "Hamlet" with some personal experience in Shakespeare's life, "something powerful enough to call forth the unprecedented representation of tormented inwardness." But at the end of the account, one has no legitimate reason to believe that "Hamlet" has anything to do with Shakespeare's life, as do "Romeo and Juliet" or "Othello". As usual, Shakespeare was able to keep his personal experiences and beliefs out of his work, an aptitude that John Keats famously termed "negative capability."  While Greenblatt can get extravagant in his speculation of how Shakespeare became Shakespeare, this book still provides great value for illuminating a life so clearly misunderstood. Greenblatt's sharp writing style, as well as his perceptive ability to balance between academic and popular aspects of the Bard's life, are virtues that are on consistent display here. The author also makes a compelling case to put to rest the erroneous notion that Shakespeare's works were written by somebody else. Highly recommended.     