 If, like me, you are awaiting author Yann Martel's next creative work after his whimsical animal allegory, "Life of Pi", then you can get a fix in the meantime with these four short stories written by the author about ten years ago. You definitely see the talent forming and consequently expect unwarranted flashes of brazenness here and there.   The book's title is actually the title of the first story told in the first person. The Roccamatios are an imaginary Italian family living in Finland in the late 1980's, and their friend Paul is dying of AIDS. In order to alleviate the unrelenting grief of the situation, the narrator invents a game where he and Paul each takes turns picking one fact from each year of the twentieth century. Their characters reveal themselves piece by piece by what fact they choose. It's a creative if bit contrived two-character study, which ultimately reflects a dying wish to preserve the past and somehow immortalize Paul. The second story has the unwieldy title of "The Time I Heard the Private Donald J. Rankin String Concerto with One Discordant Violin, by the American Composer John Morton." It's about a Canadian who visits Washington, D.C., in 1989, and has a chance encounter with a Vietnam War veteran who leads an ensemble of his former comrades in arms in an abandoned theater. The music they play becomes cathartic to the visitor, and in turn, the musicians recount their wartime experiences in unexpected ways. Like one of the better episodes of Rod Serling's "Night Gallery", the story becomes a meditative examination of loneliness, lost opportunities and reaching for something that is beyond your grasp.  The third story, entitled "Manners of Dying", consists of a more hackneyed premise, creative variations on a convicted criminal's last hours, including his execution. In true "Rashomon" style, each one is written in the form of a letter to the prisoner's mother from the warden of a correctional institution. In each version of his story, the main character details his last meal, whether he ate it, how much time he spent with the chaplain, what attitude he displayed in expectation of the inevitable and precisely how he died. One variation has him choking on a potato, another laughing hysterically, and so on. It's a bit like "Groundhog Day" only in this case, the prisoner ponders different aspects of his life with each variation. The last story, "The Vita Aeterna Mirror Company: Mirrors to Last Till Kingdom Come" gets its title from a strange device that an old woman has, a machine that makes mirrors and runs on memories. Structured like a play with different voices, the old woman tells her life story on the left side of the page and her grandson on the right. Like the famous "Far Side" cartoon with Ginger the dog, when the grandmother talks, all the boy hears is "blah-blah-blah". Of course, the ending is inevitable the grandson appreciating the device and then ultimately recognizing his grandmother to be a more interesting person than he realized.  You can see the wheels at work in these four stories and certainly the start of what would culminate with "Life of Pi". Familiar elements are evident - the ironic sense of play characters use when facing death, whimsical plot turns that have greater gravity than they appear, odd facts that meld apparent non-sequiturs into a cohesive storyline. This is definitely worthwhile reading for anyone who wants to see how Martel started creating his universe.     