 Opera served up in the old-fashioned grand Italian style is what is offered here with an abundantly talented Maltese tenor named Joseph Calleja in his first solo recording. He is an excellent lyric tenor with a big voice, full of youthful vigor which puts him at odds with the traditional images of ample girths and handkerchiefs drenched in sweat. The somewhat bombastic arrangements make him sound like he does belong to an earlier era, especially as Calleja's singing has a bel canto elegance that recalls Mario Lanza and yes, Pavarotti. In particular, the "Rigoletto" arias feel quite histrionic and consequently there's a heavy air of drama in their treatment here. Truth be told, much of the repertoire here is almost too familiar to fully enjoy. When he starts to sing "Questa o quella" and "La donna  mobile" from "Rigoletto", I was thinking I left the TV on and Rudy Maxa's "Smart Travels" was on or even worse, a Ragu spaghetti sauce commercial. But his talent prevails even with these predictable choices. It's quite effective how the producers decided to add choruses and complementary singers like mezzo-soprano Lydia Easley and baritone Giovanni Battista Parodi to make the recording feel more like you're listening to actual scenes from the operas.  Calleja especially exudes confidence on the less familiar tracks, for example, Macduff's aria, "O figli, o figli miei!...Ah, la paterna mano" from Verdi's "Macbeth", where he captures the character's sadness and avoids mawkishness. My personal favorites are the last two tracks - the moving, almost contemporary-sounding "Lamento di Federico" from Cilea's "L'arlesiana" and the swooning "Addio fiorio asil" from Puccini's "Madama Butterfly". He performs both unexpected selections beautifully, and I'm hopeful his future recordings include similarly fluid arias that match his voice type so well. The accompaniment by the Orchestra Sinfonica e Coro di Milano Giuseppe Verdi under the masterful Riccardo Chailly is just about ideal given the abundance of dramatic flourishes on this recording. An impressive debut by a great talent, and at a very mature-sounding 26, Joseph Calleja definitely has a long career ahead of him. I look forward to his next recording.     