 New York Times reporter Bill Carter certainly knows the ins and outs of network television, as the depth of his research is quite impressive in this intriguing, often dishy chronicle of a year in the life of the big four networks. While the concept is worthy, the challenge with writing a book on such a lightning-in-a-bottle medium is to build an in-depth chronicle of how network decisions are made and how those decisions resonate beyond the ephemeral nature of television programming. This is where he flails because we really don't get a sense of timeless applicability to what he is writing here. What he does instead is show how the heads of each of the networks devised their primetime schedules during the 2004-2005 season.  Carter paints the inner workings of the industry as if setting Ken Kesey's "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" in various executive suites. Why else would people gamble their careers on a company that only has a 20% chance of success season after season? There is plenty of interesting insight into current unexpected hits - "Survivor", "American Idol", "CSI", and "Desperate Housewives" among them - found their genesis in a pile of rejections from executives who didn't have the foresight to ascertain the public's appetite for them. If there is anyone that Carter deifies for his savvy, it is CBS' CEO Les Moonves who was responsible for the Eye Network's turnaround to ratings dominance despite the upstart performances of ABC and Fox of late. Most fascinating is his methodical role in merging of CBS-owned UPN with The WB to form the youth-oriented CW Network which according to Carter, is turning into a de facto CBS takeover.  For all his intensive research and rather dramatic prose, the author cannot do anything to make the book feel less dated given the transient nature of the business. He does not spend as much time in his 384-page book examining the more macro-level waves of changes affecting television such as the increasing erosion caused by cable and how the networks are now selling TV shows on the Internet and thereby altering the way people watch the programs that the networks so carefully schedule for traditional consumption now. Instead, the bulk of the book is spent on the corporate in-fighting and all the lucky breaks and myopic decisions that make the networks subsist in a cocoon of insular thinking. One can think of Carter's readable book as the prophetic vision of Paddy Chayefsky's "Network" come to true life.     