 I had avoided this book for the longest time because frankly the idea of a convoluted thriller around the Holy Grail did not appeal to me. To my chagrin, I find this novel to be consistently entertaining in spite of the rather intimidating topics it covers - the Catholic Church, pagan religions, and religious mysteries. True, there are some lengthy historical passages that weigh down the book unnecessarily. At the same time, it does not require a catechism to get through the dense plot. In fact, author Dan Brown appears to thrive on the reader's initial ignorance and produces a comprehensive education around the story of the Holy Grail, as well as the symbols and histories which are intrinsically connected to it. But Brown is able to balance the extremely onerous subject, as well as the reader's preconceived notions about it, with an endlessly fascinating mystery that leads to one surprising revelation after another.  Without giving the story away, suffice it to say that everyone in this book is in the hunt for the secrets hidden by the Priory of Sion including the Grail. Some want to protect it, some want to expose it, and some want to destroy it. Harvard professor Robert Langdon and Paris police cryptologist Sophie Neveu, equipped with secrets shared by the murdered curator of the Louvre, Jacques Saunire, are ahead of everyone else, but police, assassins, and churchmen aren't far behind. The race is on, and the puzzles to be solved seem incomprehensible. This is where Brown excels as he keeps reader interest high in spite of the convolutions. In particular, Langdon's explanations for clues and tricks hidden within Da Vinci's paintings make you want to go look at them all and see if it's true. His comments about the early church, the origins of the gospels, and the assimilation of pagan rituals and symbols into the church's practices and holy days make sense when he tells them, and they come across as easily understood historical facts, whether true or not. Since I am not well versed on the teachings around the Catholic Church, the veracity of the book was a moot point to me. The pages turn quickly as the information is presented, the latest puzzle is solved, and the next escape is done by the skin of their teeth. Despite Langdon's bottomless knowledge, the moral center of the story is really Sophie, especially as she recognizes her past has shaped her to be the possessor of information that could change history and religion. Brown's decision to focus on Sophie's evolution makes the book resonate all the more since we can more readily relate to her plight. This is one breathless thriller albeit a rather pedantic one at times due to the subject matter. Not quite a masterpiece of fiction but an educational and fun read.     