 China's impending takeover of the global economy is not news, but author Ted C. Fishman lends a welcome and provocative perspective to this inevitable development. He informs us that in 1949, the Chinese Communists broke centuries of feudalism to mold the country's now 1.5 billion inhabitants into a disciplined workforce. Thirty years later, the economic reforms set in motion by Deng Xiaoping subsequently unleashed the pent-up entrepreneurial spirit of the Chinese people, producing workers that have become irresistible to the world's manufacturers. Concurrently, on the political front, the Communists who run China have actually reversed the social dynamic set forth by Karl Marx, who said that capitalism is the final stage of human development before communism. In China, communism has instead become the final stage before the full fruition of capitalism.  Fishman contends that China is well poised for success by wielding a competitive advantage Japan, the last global entrant, could never provide, an endless and cheap supply of workers. Lots of statistics fortify the strength in China's numbers - there are more workers there than people in this country, there are more Chinese who have studied English there than people who speak English here, and the state owns all the factories and machinery over there versus the capital that has to be invested privately here. Couple this data with an authoritarian government that can manage industrial policy without the distractions of public opinion or politicians running for re-election, and one can see China's preferred position pretty clearly from Fishman's perspective. However, the author is almost too preoccupied with the data and not enough on the culture itself. Unlike Japan, China is a country divided into haves and have-nots ruled by a heartless regime that crushes all dissidents. While millions in the cities are benefiting from economic development, hundreds of millions more are missing out on the boom because they remain trapped in the countryside or have lost their jobs in obsolete factories leftover from the Cultural Revolution. The other side of an authoritarian government, which Fishman only gives passing mention, is that the one-party rule runs deep in China. The absence of free elections and a free press creates an environment where the truth becomes arbitrary, and obviously that would make any potential investment decision that much riskier.  What Fishman does argue convincingly though is that the developed world has to take some accountability for China's outsized economic growth. U.S. investment in China has reached passed $700 billion, a figure that highlights the startling co-dependency between China and the U.S. The Yuan is tied to the dollar, and if China were to use its leverage and dump the dollar entirely (a feasible option in our terror-stricken world), markets would crash and threaten global economic stability. And one can argue, as Fishman does, that China has taken a less myopic view of its economic survival than its western counterparts, as we continue to focus on short-term gains to alleviate our own downturn. It is this very leverage that has broken apart the heretofore tripartite world between the U.S., Europe and Japan (which is in potential danger of making a slow fade from this trio). This book could have provided more value if he could have delved deeper into how the Chinese entrepreneurial spirit and continuing economic reforms have been shaped by its existing culture and what impact the economic growth may have on their culture going forward, in particular, China's continuing violation of human rights. But what Fishman does offer is a valuable wake-up call to recognize the impact of China's burgeoning economy now.     