 Longtime political activist Noam Chomsky, the Institute Professor Emeritus of linguistics at MIT, describes himself as a libertarian socialist, which means he is dedicated to opposing coercive forms of authority and social hierarchy, in particular the institutions of capitalism and the state. Understanding and finding myself often identifying with his perspective, I am frequently enlightened by the sensibilities he puts forth in his latest volume of political thought. Although his canvas is broad, he focuses on four priorities: the real threat of nuclear war, inevitable environmental disaster, the U.S.'s culpability in realizing and even forcing the first two crises to happen, and the widening and increasingly irreparable split between the current administration's policies and public opinion. The author appropriately calls this last issue a democratic deficit. It is in the coalescing of these factors that Chomsky derives the book's title as he sees the U.S. becoming one such failed state through the arrogance of an administration that feels it is beyond the reach of domestic or international law.  While Bush is the obvious target for most of his arguments and our current ills, the author also documents how our country's isolationist thinking really started before WWII and picked up momentum in the 1970's when the wealthy began to see how an excess of democracy endangered their privileged status. Consequently, to solidify their base of financial support, Reagan, Bush Sr. and Clinton took measures to dissipate the spread of democracy through an evolution of policies more amenable to higher income brackets. In a most compelling manner, Chomsky shows how this empowered feeling of exclusivity has extended beyond our borders especially when other countries hold commodities valuable to us, in particular, oil. Iraq is only the latest example of the administration's imperialistic strong-arming, as he contrasts the supposed noble intent of U.S. foreign policy, in particular, the spread of human rights and  democracy, with its ongoing support for authoritarian governments guilty of crimes against humanity.  Chomsky goes further to explain that the U.S. today operates under the doctrine of a single standard in order to avoid abiding by the laws it chooses to ignore. Coming under this standard is not only the ironic use of terrorism against terrorism but also the use of weapons of mass destruction and most visibly, torture, as witnessed by the incriminating acts of the U.S. military at Abu Ghraib. It appears that the only rules of law we respect are the ones we choose or make up as we go along, which makes the U.S. as much a rogue state as any other, according to Chomsky, since we claim the right to decide what's acceptable in matters of war and peace and even life and death. This mindset has somehow crystallized most pervasively within the Bush administration, as it is moving like a bullet toward some form of hostile action against Iran and Venezuela, as well as other rogue states rising in prominence.  Chomsky ends his book by suggesting seven possible solutions to the dismal and dangerous state of our nation, but he remains pessimistic about any of the measures being adopted. His wish list consists of the following: (1)--Accept the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court and World Court. (2)--Adopt the Kyoto protocols. (3)--Allow the U.N. to lead in international crises. (4)--Confront terror by diplomacy and economic measures. (5)--Adhere to the U.N. Charter. (6)--End the Security Council veto power and practicing real democracy. (7)--Cut military spending sharply and using it for greater social spending. The author leaves it to us to take action to change the country's policies to avert our path toward a failed state. Chomsky's political viewpoints are so valid and impressively substantiated that I am a bit disappointed how simplistic his solutions are presented. Nonetheless, this is a penetrating read from a brilliant thinker.     