 Released in theaters last December at the same time as Duncan Tucker's similarly themed "Transamerica", this latest film from writer-director Neil Jordan unfortunately pales by comparison in sharing the plight of Patrick "Kitten" Braden, a hopelessly romantic transvestite who gets caught up with the IRA in the early 1970's while he looks for his long-lost mother in London. Both movies deal with gender reassignment as a desperate yet inevitable means toward self-fulfillment for the conflicted protagonists. In Jordan's 2005 film, the political backdrop makes for a vibrant, volatile landscape, but Patrick's dilemmas don't provide enough of a counterbalance to make the two halves of the movie meld seamlessly. Part of the problem is that Patrick is conceived as such an oblivious, self-involved character that it's challenging to empathize with his struggle to find either his mother or his identity.  Fortunately, Jordan has cast the brilliant Cillian Murphy to play Patrick in his trademark unsettling manner. However, on a different path from the one he takes as the Scarecrow in "Batman Begins", he uses his chilly style to avoid sentimentalizing his off-kilter character unnecessarily. We follow Patrick from the day his mother leaves him on the steps of the church through his turbulent childhood with an intolerant foster family to a heady romance with Billy Rock, the lead singer of a traveling rockabilly band. It's Billy's clandestine involvement with the IRA that gets Patrick inextricably linked to their revolutionary activities. The band forces Billy to dump Patrick, and he subsequently works as an assistant to Bertie, a magician with a most bloody act, and then as a costumed helper for a theme park character named Uncle Bulgaria. Things hit rock bottom when Patrick hits the streets as a hustler and then as a peep show attraction. This is when the facts of his parentage come to life, and he resolves to confront his past.  As he proved with 1992's "The Crying Game", Jordan is gifted when it comes to establishing the right atmosphere, especially when he sets his stories in his native Ireland. Declan Quinn's saturated camerawork also helps to set the right mood. Even more  effective is the judicious used of period-authentic pop music to help move the film along, as does Jordan's playful conceits like the subtitled robins acting as a chorus and breaking the film down into thirty-six chapters with ironic titles. The supporting actors are all strong - Gavin Friday as Billy, Stephen Rea as Bertie, Brendan Gleeson as Uncle Bulgaria, and best of all, Liam Neeson as the emotionally coiled Father Bernard. At 135 minutes, the movie runs on too long in too episodic a fashion, and the ending, while inevitable, rings a bit hollow. But Murphy's turn is worthwhile experiencing mostly for the sheer audacity of his approach. The best feature of the DVD is Jordan's commentary track. Although he is joined by Murphy, Jordan dominates with his insights and anecdotes. There is also a brief, none-too-interesting making-of featurette included.     