 This is an unexpectedly stunning book. Having read his similarly themed "Flyboys" recently, I was anxious to read this tome and am happy to report that it is even more powerful and poignant. What the two books share inextricably is author James Bradley's unerring ability to depict the American wartime mindset during World War II. This time, he focuses on the Marines who landed on Iwo Jima, a strategic maneuver that has been frozen in our collective memory through the famous photograph and subsequent statue in Arlington National Cemetery of the American flag being raised on Iwo Jima. But the book is far from a flag-waving remembrance of obviously heroic acts in the face of an undeterred suicidal enemy. Instead, Bradley accurately views them as acts as common valor by soldiers who were on that isolated atoll simply because they had to and knew full well that they counted on each other to survive the battle. Bradley should know since his father was the last surviving GI in that photograph, a Navy corpsman who was assigned with the Marines that fateful day of the assault. It is a testament to his father that the author only uncovered facts about his father's heroic acts after his death.   The first chapter reminds me quite a bit of Steven Spielberg's "Saving Private Ryan" in particular, with Bradley's vivid descriptions of the fire and devastation of the assault on Iwo Jima. Over a month's time, a staggering 26,000 Americans and 22,000 Japanese gave their lives in the island takeover. From there, with the aid of co-author Ron Powers, Bradley writes in detail about the six flag raisers, who represented a diverse American portrait. Old film buffs may recall one of them, a Pima Indian named Ira Hayes, as portrayed by a miscast Tony Curtis in 1961's "The Outsider". Bradley also gives a thorough history of the American Marines, as well as telling snapshots of the enemy. In fact, Bradley finds his way to Japan and spends time relishing the Japanese culture, which in turn, gives him valuable insights into the history of a military-controlled country which trained generations of their men to perform atrocious acts in the name of their emperor. This gives Bradley a much fuller perspective of the reasons behind the fierce fighting that took place and why the enemy fought to such a bitter end.  As he concluded in "Flyboys", the key difference was that Americans had a will to live and that the Japanese, true kamikazes in their souls, had a will to die. The Japanese leaders bent their soldiers to their monomaniacal will and sent them off on a course that would ensure its fulfillment. This is among the most thoughtful and emotionally affecting examinations of the human element in World War II.     