 Of all the films on Audrey Hepburn's impressive resume, I have to admit this 1964 multiple Oscar winner may be the most disappointing, though ironically it is probably her most famous role. Veteran women's director George Cukor seems to have made an irreparable error in filming the Cinderella-style story in such a stage-bound and often stilted manner, obviously to reflect more accurately the then-revered Broadway version. What is missing is true cinematic invention in telling a most enchanting story with interesting questions raised around the power of personal transformation.  What remains true, however, is the fact that composer Frederic Lowe and lyricist Alan Jay Lerner (who wrote the screenplay) have fashioned the quintessential Broadway musical by turning George Bernard Shaw's "Pygmalion" into a frothy ugly duckling tale filled with some of the best known show tunes ever: "Wouldn't It Be Loverly?", "The Rain in Spain", "I Could Have Danced All Night", "On the Street Where You Live", "I'm Getting Married in the Morning", "With a Little Bit of Luck", "Show Me" and "I've Grown Accustomed to Her Face." As if you don't know already, the songs interweave through a story that follows the evolution of a Cockney flower girl, Eliza Doolittle, who is trained by Professor Henry Higgins, a misogynistic linguistics expert and confirmed bachelor, to speak properly within six months, the result of a challenge and bet with the dotty Colonel Pickering. Lengthy elocution lessons follow, interrupted by her mercenary drunk of a father and a persistent, love-struck swain. Eliza makes an eye-catching though ultimately embarrassing first appearance at the opening day Ascot Races, but triumphs among the bluebloods at the climactic Embassy Ball. Inevitably, Higgins becomes smitten with his transformed pupil, who returns to him only after proving her personal liberation.  Visually, despite Cecil Beaton's extravagant costumes and Gene Allen's detailed art direction, there is a persistent lethargy captured on screen perhaps because the camera set-ups feel so static. Hepburn seems to enjoy playing the guttersnipe, though her lowbrow manner never feels very authentic perhaps because of our predisposition to the carefully groomed actress already a dozen years into her career at that point. Even though she seems a mite mature for the role, she looks stunning after her aural breakthrough, especially in her elaborate Ascot dress and hat. Her lip-synching to Marni Nixon's vocals is a problem though not because she is not doing her own singing but because of the sometimes jarring disparity between her throaty speaking voice and the soprano singing voice coming out of her. Rex Harrison plays Higgins as the role he was born to play and certainly convinces as a demanding linguist. He seems less assured as a romantic lead, and consequently we are rather indifferent at the end to his romantic fate with Eliza. For all its flaws, however, the movie does manage to convey the musicality of the stage version effectively. I just wish the rest of the movie was up to the level of the score.  The two-disc set is a great package for aficionados. The second disc includes an excellent making-of documentary made in 1994 and hosted by Jeremy Brett, who plays Eliza's unfulfilled suitor, Freddy, in the movie, as well as alternate takes which use Hepburn's  true vocals on "Wouldn't It Be Loverly?" and "Show Me" (she's quite good but obviously not trained enough for the other more demanding songs).     