 Stanley Kubrick's classic black comedy about Cold War tensions still provides fertile ground for brilliant satire that has not so much dated as become a cutting period piece about the misdirected patriotism pervasive within the country's mindset at the time. I'm so glad Sony has decided to re-release this masterwork in a brand-new print on DVD, as it is well worth appreciating again, especially as we go through the uncertainty of American imperialism in Iraq. This movie, however, focuses on a different target, the Soviet Union, our then-competing superpower, and how the U.S. manages the threats of a demented general hell-bent on dropping nuclear payloads onto Russia. His motivation for attack is rooted in a paranoia-driven "Commie plot" he is convinced the Russians are hatching through the flouridation of the water supply in the U.S. This far-fetched premise is played out not by stand-up comedians ridiculing the government for cheap laughs but by a cast of accomplished actors who seem to be playing their roles quite seriously.   Propelled by a smart, insightful and hilarious script by Kubrick and Terry Southern, this straight-faced approach makes the gravity of the situation all the more resonant, while making their characters' failures all the more bitingly funny. Aside from the unblinking honesty of the script, the acting is brilliant for the most part with an eccentric cast that includes Sterling Hayden, Keenan Wynn and Slim Pickens. In a triple play of comedy genius, Peter Sellers portrays a British Army captain who tries to reason with the general; the title character, a German-accented strategist with an uncontrollable right hand and an eerie similarity to Henry Kissinger; and funniest of all, the U.S. President, an Adlai Stevenson look-alike whose soft-spoken manner is challenged by the mad scramble of events that depend on his leadership.  In fact, Sellers' scenes in the War Room as President Merkin Muffley are hysterical in the very conflict of personalities that give rise to the inevitable ending. As brilliantly versatile as Sellers is, I still believe George C. Scott, with his rubbery face, exaggerated gestures and macho manner, gives the film's best performance as yet another general, a gung-ho type more than ready to take out the Russians. The climax of the film encapsulates the absurdity and gravity of the story well with Pickens astride a nuclear missile like a rodeo cowboy riding a bucking steer. Kubrick was never as funny with his subsequent films (even "The Shining" seems misbegotten by comparison), which is a shame since he had an acute gift for capturing the seriousness of human failure within the context of dark comedy.  The two-disc DVD package has loads of extras, most of which bring added context for the timeless significance of the film despite its Cold War setting. These include several good documentaries - an informative one focused on the making of the film itself, plus two others that trace the careers of Kubrick and Sellers, respectively; and finally, a new film that explains the sociological influence of the film today. Strongly recommended even if you feel you've seen it many times before.     