 I like Toni Collette. With her toothy grin, feline eyes and wide-open manner, she steals scenes in others' movies with ease. This time she is center stage and quite wonderful as Sandy Edwards, a tough-acting Australian geologist who must chauffeur a prospective client, the son of a rich Japanese industrialist, deep into the Pilbara region of Western Australia. As she proves with a couple of key scenes here, she is an actor who can express fear and emotional pain with a vanity-free, visceral ferocity that is almost frightening to witness for the nakedness of her expression. I just wish this 2003 movie was worth her effort. Director Sue Brooks and screenwriter Alison Tilson have fashioned a cross-cultural love story/road movie that seems to be grasping at something stylistically minimalist and emotionally resonant. It seems to be the inverse of "Crocodile Dundee" with a pinch of Nicolas Roeg's "Walkabout" in the desert sequence and a heavy dollop of Sofia Coppola's "Lost in Translation" in the relationship department. However, the filmmakers fall short in integrating the plot elements into something powerful, and the one surprising twist in the storyline doesn't really help set the movie on the right path.   Having just seen a couple of Yasujiro Ozu's minimalist masterworks from the 1950's, "Tokyo Story" and "Early Summer", I can tell what Brooks and Tilson are trying to do here, and that is present a story of self-discovery that evolves not by defining moments but by mood and insinuation. Unfortunately, whereas Ozu could do this with dexterity and unexpected emotive force, "Japanese Story" just seems cryptic and lugubrious, especially in the anticlimactic last half-hour which seems endless. The movie is also burdened by the seemingly deliberate overuse of cultural stereotypes, for example, Tachibana Hiromitsu, the young Japanese executive, is sexist and patronizing, gets drunk in a karaoke bar, speaks little English (or makes little attempt at the beginning), and becomes too embarrassed to call for help when a dire situation arises. Sandy is frankly no more flattering a portrait of an Australian, as she is brusque, short-tempered and without etiquette. It becomes clear the initial set-up of a software sale has been jettisoned in favor of the plot contrivance of putting them together. They, of course, become attracted to each other, but there is no credible explanation for this development because the emotional and physical attraction seems more symbolic than anything else, especially in an odd scene where her more masculine frame towers over his seemingly more fragile body.   Gotaro Tsunashima plays Hiromitsu for what the role is worth, which isn't much in the script since he is designed to be a cipher for much of the story. Nobody else makes much of an impression here, though I have to admit I was put off by the way his wife is portrayed so predictably and embodied by a stoic china-doll actress named Yumiko Tanaka. I also can't believe the film uses the hoary device of a voiceover letter at the end, and Elizabeth Drake's repetitive, Asian-twanged music score becomes more irritating by the second. Nonetheless, the travelogue aspects are nice with Western Australia looking stunning thanks to cinematographer Ian Baker. And there is always Collette who makes the best of her circumstances. I'm looking forward to her next starring vehicle and hopeful that she can leverage her immense talent into something more substantial than this. Brooks, Tilson and producer Sue Maslin provide informative commentary on an alternative track on the DVD, and there are a couple of deleted scenes intriguing in that they seem to provide much needed context for the film.     