 Aspiring technology entrepreneurs should pay heed to Scott A. Shane, an economics and entrepreneurship professor at Case Western Reserve University, as he has written a comprehensive, easy-to-absorb primer on how to build a solid foundation for such a venture. Divided into ten chapters, the book covers fundamental factors such as assessing market appetite and focusing on opportunities that others have neglected and then delves into the more challenging areas of diving first into uncharted territory and protecting intellectual property.  The ten sections covered are: (1) industry selection; (2) key market opportunities; (3) evolution of technology; (4) isolation of market needs; (5) customer adoption; (6) exploitation of competitive weaknesses; (7) intellectual property; (8) returns on innovation; (9) organizational structure; and (10) risk and uncertainty. Shane focuses on technology not as a defining factor of the venture but in the broader sense as the primary means toward creating new products, exploiting new markets, finding creative ways of organizing, incorporating new raw materials, and identifying new processes to meet customer needs. Within this schema, he encompasses biologically-based technologies and those related to manufacturing as well as the more traditional realm of information technology.  Through his thoughtful analysis, the author does a compelling job of debunking two common myths. First, he shows that dot-com busts have been less indicative of the inherent risk of online ventures than they have of poor strategy and that new restaurants and retail stores are far riskier alternatives. Second, he illustrates how the us-versus-them mindset people have about entrepreneurs is self-debilitating, i.e., personal characteristics have less to do with successful entrepreneurs than structural factors in explaining performance. With the Horatio Alger legacy indelible in our memories, we have been raised to think special human qualities make entrepreneurs who they are, meaning they represent a special breed who work harder, take greater risk and retain a purer vision. Empirical evidence proves that such qualities are not as important as isolating those valuable opportunities and running with them. In fact, those qualities so admirable at the beginning of a venture can jaundice into counterproductive hubris.  The author also spends a good amount of time on the science of customer adoption and how it takes the form of an S-curve despite what many hope to be a more linear pattern. Accepting the S-curve is critical because it should shape the way an entrepreneur projects the timing of demand, product development and competitive response. The most interesting sections of the book focus on intellectual property protection and the criticality of patents in technology. Overall, Shane has written a valuable textbook for anyone smart enough to ask why versus how to start a new venture and what are the key ingredients to make it successful. Also included is a CD which has a summary of each chapter and an interview with the author.     