 A Reagan-era conservative who served as a domestic policy adviser, author Bruce Bartlett offers a scathing critique of the Bush administration's current economic policies and their extreme deviation from the traditional conservative principles of small government, low tax rates, free trade and lighter government regulation. But instead of the expected diatribe from someone who deifies the leader of a conservative era long past, the book identifies the articulate voice of a true believer who has lost his faith in a leader who convinced his followers that a new dawn of fiscal conservatism was about to break.  The author's disappointment turned out to be swift and pervasive, as he provides compelling evidence that Bush has made no effort to restrain the growth of government. Rather, the current administration has greatly increased domestic spending, created a new entitlement program for prescription drugs, and failed to veto bills. In fact, Bartlett does a clear-eyed job in yanking the blanket off 9/11-related expenditures to reveal the discrepancies that have led toward government expansion. The book's title seems particularly appropriate since a genuine conservative would clearly not increase the country's unfunded liabilities by over $20 trillion in four years. Bartlett makes the valid point that economic policies require guiding, consistent principles to stand up to political scrutiny. Conversely, he has been an eyewitness to what he sees as Bush's haphazard decision-making.  He drills down quite a bit on the most egregious policy instigated by the Bush administration, Medicare expansion and the exorbitant cost of prescription drug benefits that remains unspoken. Bartlett explains how large corporations will be the chief beneficiary, not the senior citizens whom the President claimed it would help the most. Through such examples, a most intriguing parallel emerges from the author, Bush's similarities with former President Richard Nixon, whose legacy of arch-conservatism also hid a closet liberal when it came to domestic policy. Bush, Bartlett claims, is following the same pattern, and the end result will be a massive fiscal shakedown that will start with huge tax increases and may even include a European-style value-added tax (VAT).  The irony is that much of the fiscal impact and credibility damage to the Republican Party will occur after Bush leaves the White House.   Bartlett's points are extremely valid, and he indeed shows courage in authoring this revelatory albeit denigrating book since his views got him fired from a $172,000-a-year job as the senior fellow at the National Center for Policy Analysis, a Dallas-based, free-market economic think tank. On the other hand, it's quite obvious that Bartlett intentionally waited until the last election was over before publishing his recipe for rectifying the Republican Party for 2008. His bottom line is that Bush is simply not conservative enough and that Republicans would best serve themselves by distancing themselves from him. Democrats, however, should also recognize that Bartlett's illuminating points represent wedge issues for Republican-leaning voters and that an opportunity arises as to how quickly they can respond before the Republicans can offset the albatross that has become the Bush administration. In the meantime, the imperial hubris continues to flourish and confound the skeptics. Although we know where Bartlett resides on the political spectrum, his most valuable point is that a solution to our fiscal problems is impossible without political bipartisanship.     