 The book's co-authors quote management guru Peter Drucker, who just passed away at the age of 95, in the opening paragraph of the acknowledgements: "Innovation and marketing are the only two valuable activities of a firm. The rest are costs." It's a predictably strong insight from the high priest of business principles and a tenet upon which Sunil Gupta and Donald R. Lehmann, both professors at the Columbia Business School in NY, base their treatise here. In fact, since the dot-com bubble burst five years ago, marketing was deemed dispensable when it came to valuating this responsibility in the eyes of Wall Street and its dominions. However, the co-authors have come to recognize the value of marketing in fortifying customer retention since it is no longer enough to view customers as intangible assets in need of periodic nurturing.  Their book specifically focuses on the issue of calculating customer equity (or as they put it, customer lifetime value) and examines what positively impacts it. According to Gupta and Lehmann, in order to calculate customer value, companies must capture three pieces of related data. First, they need to track the financial and other interactions with specific customers. Companies must then understand how profitability margins may vary over a customer lifetime with the hope that a customer becomes more profitable over time. Finally, they must track customer defection rates, which is the most difficult calculation given that most retail businesses have customers in non-contractual relationships. At the same time, it is this last factor that presents the greatest opportunity. The co-authors provide calculations that show improving customer retention by 1% improves customer value by almost 5%. Moreover, they show how retention is a virtuous cycle, i.e., the higher the current retention rate, the higher the impact of improving retention.  There are numerous tables worth examining which show how increasing the margin multiple increases the lifetime value. Here is an example - given the margin multiple for a company with a 60% retention rate and a discount rate of 10% is only 1.2, that translates into the lifetime value of a customer generating profits of $100 annually is only $120. Increasing the retention rate to 90%, however, with the same 10% discount rate, makes the multiple jump to 4.5 and consequently translates the lifetime value to be $450.  Obviously the greater the number of retained customers, the better corporate profitability will be given the collective impact on the bottom line. This is a good theoretical framework, but certainly market conditions change frequently enough to render the formula somewhat simplistic. If margins change as costs of capital and ongoing expenses change, then the formula becomes more of a guesstimate of how profitable the lifetime value will be. In fact, much of the book is plagued by such fluctuating and invariably uncontrollable factors.  While Gupta and Lehmann acknowledge the nebulous nature of their tenets, they provide a counterbalance in the form of sound business logic, specifically that companies need to start moving toward customer-based accounting and a customer-based organization. This means numbers such as customer satisfaction, churn, loyalty, same customer sales/revenue, new customer acquisitions, and acquisition, expansion, and retention costs need to be consistently and frequently assessed and displayed. Because customer equity is so vital to profitability and even stock market value, Gupta and Lehmann assert quite correctly that it is not as important to pinpoint the accuracy of these calculations as it is to start instilling these determinants of long-run profitability into mainline performance reporting.  The co-authors aren't entirely consistent in their approach as they still discuss intangible assets such as awareness and brand equity without attempting to quantify them in the same way as customer value. This may be worthy of another book entirely, but it seems like a gap to me. They also seem intent on excessively discrediting the more qualitative thinking during the dot-com period without acknowledging the lack of incentive in moving to this direction at the time. However, their point is really to show how much money customers could give you over the years, and to that degree, the book is invaluable as Gupta and Lehmann profess, it's better to be "vaguely correct" than "precisely wrong". I would agree.     