 Those like me, who were deeply moved by the heroism of resort hotel manager Paul Rusesabagina in Terry George's 2004 film, "Hotel Rwanda", will find this intensely personal memoir just as inspiring. The thought of almost a million people killed over a 100-day period is unimaginable, but that is exactly what happened a mere dozen years ago in Rwanda when the dominant Hutu tribe slaughtered the minority Tutsi tribe in a civil war. In the western province of Kibuye, author Immaculee Ilibagiza was 22 years old when for three months, she was huddled clandestinely with seven other Tutsi women in the  claustrophobic bathroom of a local Episcopal priest, an ethnic Hutu named Simeon Nzabahimana, as the unprecedented genocide occurred.  While parallels to Anne Frank's diary are inevitable and unsettling in the tragically ironic way history repeats itself, Ilibagiza provides a more reflective perspective than a young, naive  adolescent like Frank really could. From her unflinching recollections (with assistance from writer Steve Erwin), there is a palpable sense that she has wholeheartedly earned the right to embrace the impossible in order to endure an unconceivable series of tragedies, most of which occurred after her hiding - the shooting death of her father when she was in hiding, her mother's murder by machete, her brother Vianney's death among a stadium of refugees looking for food and shelter, another brother's death during an escape attempt to the Congo, as well the killings of her grandparents. The brutality of these deaths is only surpassed by the individuality of each one, i.e., these were not communal executions in gas chambers but murders that occurred one at a time.  Much of her resolve and pervasive sense of humanity comes from her faith. As a devout Catholic, she survived her ordeal by promising never to seek vengeance against the ruling Hutus. One cannot help but be moved by her tenacity and uncompromising faith, and her youthful idealism has actually evolved into her current career working for the UN Development Program with the charter of seeking global tolerance. True to her word, she obviously does not begrudge the UN for their peacekeeping forces' delinquent and limited involvement in the Rwandan civil war. Ilibagiza's precisely written story certainly puts one's comparatively trivial problems in perspective. A powerful read.     