 Having enjoyed his previous book on idea manipulation and selective networking, "The Tipping Point", I am happy to report that New Yorker columnist Malcolm Gladwell has come up with an even more interesting treatise in "Blink" about overcoming our biases against first impressions and snap judgments. Once again, he does a superb job in integrating anecdotes with some impressive research data to present his theories without pontification. I really like how he makes the seemingly obvious utterly fascinating by turning upside down our preconceptions and lifelong learnings. In fact, Gladwell sometimes runs the risk of turning his concepts into arguments against intellectual rationalization, i.e., why study and analyze anything if our gut reaction is so sound?  But before one can dismiss his thinking, the author comments repeatedly that he is not advocating abandonment of careful research. In support of that perspective, he talks specifically about the "Warren Harding error." Voters across the nation voted for Harding for the White House because he looked and sounded so presidential. But he was poorly prepared to serve as U.S. president. Underneath the faade, he was deceptive and morally at odds with the first impressions he made on the country. Gladwell asserts that guarding oneself against this type of error is key in harnessing the power of using first impressions on important decisions.  Consequently, it's not the gut feeling of the layman that counts but that of the expert who has been trained to feel correctly through thousands of relevant experiences. I like an example he used in relation to a Greek statue acquired with great fanfare by the Getty Museum. When the new acquisition was unveiled to renowned antiquities historian Evelyn Harrison, she blurted out, "I'm sorry." Her instantaneous feeling that the statue was faked wasn't based on a careful examination or any quantifiable factors, just her sense that something was wrong with the artifact in front of her. As it turned out, she was right, and Harrison's two seconds uncovered a forgery that 14 months of work by the museum's team of scientists could not. The reality is that those who harness the power of first impressions most powerfully are ready to do so through years of preparation, in the science laboratory or in the realm of day-to-day life. The origins of Gladwell's book provide one of the most telling observations.  The author, who is half-Jamaican, half-Caucasian, began to build his theory based on a personal experience. When he wore his hair closely cropped, police never hassled him. When he grew an Afro, he found himself hassled more than once. He understandably wondered why were police making incorrect snap judgments based on hairstyle. Gladwell's natural curiosity about his own situation has led to this wonderful book. Strongly recommended.     