 Living in a post-9/11 world has not really been articulated yet without having to make a direct reference to that tragic day and what it meant on a more macro-level to the collective spirit of the Western world. At least not until author Ian McEwan wrote this penetrating, methodical book, which focuses on one man over the course of one day, February 15, 2003, when there were massive demonstrations worldwide against the looming war in Iraq.  The protagonist is Henry Perowne. On the surface, he is a successful London neurosurgeon married contentedly to Rosalind, an equally successful newspaper lawyer, and they are the proud parents to two grown-up children - daughter Daisy is a promising poet and son Theo is a talented blues musician. But underneath his serene faade, there is an instantly relatable wave of dread that permeates his being, as he contemplates the impact of the imminent war on Iraq and the under-seige dismantling of democracy as we still know it. Yet, McEwan is not interested in writing an anti-war polemic under the guise of a novel because his protagonist is also skeptical of the anti-war position, largely because one of his former patients is an Iraqi who was tortured by Saddam Hussein's regime. The author even creates a sense of subtle conflict between Perowne and his own children - recognizing his inability to replicate his son's creative expression and confused by his daughter's need to feed the classics to him. At heart, he is a scientific man who prefers just rational explanations in his life and way too busy to do much reading, skeptical of what others view as literature's importance to society. But then similar to Tom Wolfe's "Bonfire of the Vanities", everything changes with an unforeseen event. Frustrated by the hundreds of thousands of anti-war protestors he needs to maneuver around, Perowne has a minor accident with a car driven by three gangsters who aren't very keen on the demonstrators either. This brings him into a confrontation with Baxter, the fidgety, diminutive leader that brings Perowne to the edge of violence. But amazingly, a crisis is averted when Perowne recites a 19th-century poem, Matthew Arnold's "Dover Beach", which utterly disarms Baxter, completely enthralled by the kind of literature Perowne had avoided from his daughter.  The irony is palpable because McEwan does a commendable job of making it believable. By his insinuating, dramatically effective prose, he articulates the precarious relationship between rationality and creativity and the necessity for fiction in a world of fact. He certainly has done his research in making his surgeon-protagonist real and fascinating at the same time, adopting the appropriate technical vocabulary and the matter-of-fact way he describes Perowne's surgical procedures. And what McEwan does particularly well is show how a decent man who does useful work and loves his family still needs to seek his moral compass as the violence of the outside world closes in on him. As he has proven with the astonishing "Atonement", McEwan provides sharp insights and seemingly small observations and makes the sum of them enthralling. The moment of imminent violence in the initial confrontation is dramatically compelling. McEwan has a unique gift for being topical without contriving a situation to fit his themes. Strongly recommended.     