 I was really hoping this 2003 movie would be great fun given the comic possibilities of resuscitating the spirit and look of the Ross Hunter-produced Doris Day-Rock Hudson movies from forty years ago. But the combination of its wink-wink archness and smug tone makes this movie feel more like a tribute to "The Carol Burnett Show" sketch version of those movies. Despite a bevy of arresting elements - a swinging soundtrack, elaborate set designs, colorful couture and eye-catching opening credits, the film is ultimately sunk by director Peyton Reed's presumptuous attitude that you will love it and get carried away with its excesses. I didn't and I wasn't. In fact, I was continually confused as to whether the movie was an homage, update or send-up of those innocently provocative comedies, as the tone fluctuates wildly from frivolous sex comedy to feminist tract. That's not to say there aren't any smart touches, for example, the period-authentic orchestra music by Marc Shaiman and the creative use of split screen, but even this latter technique is hampered by the overdone sexual innuendo. The plot seems to hang on the sole notion of pairing, un-pairing and re-pairing the two main characters - Barbara Novak, the author of a pre-feminist best-seller exhorting women to jettison love in favor of career and casual sex, and ace journalist-stud Catcher Block out to prove her wrong. And true movie trivialists will recognize the storyline as none of the Day-Hudson pairings but rather a derivative of Richard Quine's 1964 "Sex and the Single Girl" with Natalie Wood and Tony Curtis, which was by no means a masterpiece either but certainly funnier than this heavy-handed romp.   I don't think I fully appreciated the light comedy skills and honest charisma of Day and Hudson until I saw the strained efforts by the two leads here. Despite a willingness to glamorize herself in sixties pastiche fashion, Rene Zellweger is miscast as Novak, too self-conscious to be credible as a best-selling sex novelist and too brittle to carry off the more farcical moments. She cannot get herself into the right attitude for the period, instead going for silent-movie-style expressions and exaggerated gestures to convey her character's feelings. With her breathy delivery, her endless confessional in Block's girl-trap apartment toward the end is simply enervating. As the swinging, supposedly suave Block, McGregor seems slightly more adept at light comedy, but he is too slight in stature (Hudson would have completely epitomized the character's name), too Scottish and like Zellweger, too contemporary for the carefree lothario he's supposed to be. Sadly there is little real chemistry between them, and compounding the problem is Eve Ahlert and Dennis Drake's coy, contrived screenplay. David Hyde Pierce is perfectly cast in the put-upon Tony Randall part, but his dozen years on "Frasier" and an almost identical turn in the Bette Midler vehicle, "Isn't She Great?" diminish the freshness of his performance here. Sarah Paulson is as good as she can be in the thankless, unctuous "best friend" role, and Randall himself shows up in a wasted cameo as the magazine's chairman of the board. Perhaps due to an exhaustion of visual invention, the story becomes increasingly talky as it lurches toward the faux-feminist fantasy ending. You know something is amiss when characters start explaining what's going on. Disappointing.     