 Whenever I see "The Magnificent Seven", "On the Waterfront", "The Natural", even "Waiting for Guffman" or any number of films that use music to reflect some aspect of the American experience, I think of Aaron Copland. He didn't compose any of those scores, but his musical influence is so pervasive in our collective consciousness that one can only describe the music as "Coplandesque". Aptly entitled "The Populist", this superb disc was recorded in December 1999 and presents Copland's three classic folk ballets: "Billy the Kid" (1938), "Rodeo" (1942), and the complete version of "Appalachian Spring" (1944). Bernstein's version may have been the most definitive, but make room on your CD shelf for this one. With the masterful Michael Tilson Thomas conducting the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra, it's sensational.   It opens with "Billy the Kid", here a 21-minute single movement suite that contains the dark coloring suitable for a killer in the Old West. The arrangement presents a haunting atmosphere amid a basically romantic theme with a strong sense of distance and open space as emphasized by the muted trumpet solo in the middle. This is followed by "Rodeo", a 19-minute piece in four movements, which presents a comparatively more wholesome story that is meant to inspire lively dancing with the "Saturday Night Waltz", an especially lovely "Corral Nocturne", and the boisterous "Hoe Down", among other folk-inspired material. Running 35 minutes in a single movement, the capper is the Revivalist episode of "Appalachian Spring" in its full orchestral scoring. Vividly played, poetically paced and stunningly recorded, it is as close to the definitive version as exists now given its full scope. Spread over a greater time span than condensed versions and interspersed with music of significant unease and conflict, the piece takes on a wider portrait of community struggle. In particular, the familiar Shaker melody "Simple Gifts" expands through a series of variations to make an epic statement complete with triumphant brass. Thomas takes his time in unfolding his Americana with all the skill of a great musical dramatist who knows exactly how to pace his story. No matter how many times you think you've heard all of these pieces, I can tell you this is one you will treasure.     