 Megalomania has unlikely been put on a more searing plain than what author James  B. Stewart has done with Michael Eisner in this fascinating book about the Machiavellian power structure he built at Disney. Having been a big fan of his book on the underbelly of Wall Street in the eighties, "Den of Thieves", I was greatly anticipating Stewart's take on the harsh business realities within the Magic Kingdom. He does not disappoint in what seems almost like an update of "Citizen Kane" by recounting Eisner's "Rosebud" moment when as a 7-year-old, Eisner lost a boxing match to a child twice his size and refused to cry in front of his stern father. Stewart then uses a first-person approach to conversations that he obviously could not have witnessed and even playing something of an investigative role as he spends a day in a Goofy costume at Walt Disney World.  More importantly, the author paints a portrait of a complex man who had a track record of turning around failing studios like Paramount but seemed completely at odds with what turned out to be the family-like Disney culture.   Fully empowered as CEO, Eisner was not interested in upholding Disney traditions in filmmaking, according to Stewart, but rather increasing the bottom line to fund the perks and salary for himself and his executives. Granted he expanded the empire to include television channels, Broadway shows and other assorted properties, but he also fumbled badly when it came to key hiring decisions, chief among them was Hollywood ber-agent Michael Ovitz, who was admittedly "not sophisticated about matters of corporate management." But Ovitz was savvy enough to know that Eisner was stabbing him in the back the minute expectations dipped with Ovitz. Eisner was certainly not intuitive when it came to potential moneymakers for the studio, bypassing "The Lord of the Rings", "Fahrenheit 9/11" and almost "Finding Nemo", the latter resulting in what looks to be an irreconcilable firestorm with Steve Jobs, head of Pixar. Key talent like Jeffrey Katzenberg left Disney to build their own fortunes leaving Disney in near-financial ruin. Yet, for all the venom spewed at Eisner, justifiable as it may be, Stewart puts second-in-command Bob Iger under an equally unforgiving microscope and sees a problematic CEO-in-the-making, already scarred by the purchase of the precarious Fox Family Channel at a hefty price tag of $5.2 billion. Iger comes across as equal parts toady and mercenary and hardly the inspiration for a Disney renaissance. This is good, dishy stuff, and Stewart is a pro at making all this feel like a cross between penetrating investigative journalism and an episode of "Dynasty". Highly recommended.     