 I have to admit I picked up this book because I was drawn to the bright red cover with the cutout of the upside-down dog (as well as the glowing staff recommendation that came with it). What I didn't know was that very reaction would foreshadow the book's very original story since the main character believes that red is a good color. I didn't expect this story to be so humorous and haunting at the same time, but author Mark Haddon in his first novel strikes a fine balance between the two throughout.  "The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time" is ostensibly a detective story but with quite a twist in having an autistic 15-year old named Christopher as the protagonist. He is incapable of lying or understanding metaphors or telling or appreciating jokes, i.e., he seems at first to be a younger "Mr. Spock" without the pointy ears. Everything registers in his mind as the same, and since he has no filters to eliminate the inane or insignificant, it becomes hugely challenging for him to deal with too many things at once. So when Christopher discovers his neighbor's poodle dead, skewered on a pitchfork, he sets out to solve the mystery and write an account of his investigation. In doing so, he inadvertently stumbles upon the emotionally complicated secrets of his parents and their neighbors, and the story becomes something much more.  But rather than giving us a Hardy Boys take on "Rain Man", Haddon actually plays out his story like an updated version of "Catcher in the Rye", as it becomes Christopher's search for his identity through his long-forgotten mother. This part of the journey, which takes him to the wilds of London, puts him into such sensory overload that the adventure becomes harrowing for someone who cannot handle change logically in his mind. The book makes for a fascinating and entertaining read, as Haddon plays with the concept of empathy, not only in Christopher's limited ability to empathize but also in our ability to empathize with him.  An audacious and creative book.     