 I actually saw this book lying on a stand-up comedian's art-deco coffee table on a home-improvement program on the Home and Garden Network, and the cover piqued my interest. I bought it on a whim to discover the book reflects a novel idea, a cocktail recipe book in the guise of a Hollywood classic movie tribute. As someone who enjoys watching classic films and doesn't mind the occasional mixed drink, I was immediately drawn to this creative melding. After all, films of the golden era always had glamorous stars imbibing a smart cocktail to establish a mood or simply as a means to move the plot along.  Author Tobias Steed has an obvious love for old Hollywood and a wellspring of knowledge from which he writes fluidly (pardon the pun) matching classic films with classic cocktails. The presentation is appropriately sleek with silvery duotone, black-and-white print (though honestly the white type can be a bit difficult to read on the field of light gray tone). There is a two-page spread for nearly every drink recipe provided, which includes a photo from which the movie was consumed, a quick synopsis of the film, a relevant quote from the movie, sometimes an interesting factoid about the drink or its salient ingredients and naturally, the ingredients for the cocktail itself. Steed recruited Ben Reed, the manager of the Met Bar in London and the 1997 Cocktail Barman of the Year, to concoct the libations. The resulting recipes are very straightforward.  The author also organizes the cocktails cleverly into four sections - the first on the cocktail hour ("After Office Hours"), then aperitifs and digestifs ("Dinner at Eight"), drinks considered ideal for any occasion ("From Here to Eternity") and inevitably, drinks for the day after the night before ("Remember the Night"). It's all done in quite an entertaining way, and you'll discover trivia like (and see stills of) Bette Davis drinking a Gibson as Margo Channing  in "All About Eve", or Rita Hayworth nursing a Rob Roy in "Angels Over Broadway", and Alec Guinness in a tropical bar serving mojitos, of course, in "Our Man in Havana". Steed has pulled together a delightful book, one that is far more creative than a standard cocktail recipe book.     