 I am not a Tom Cruise fan, but even with that hurdle, this is still a smart and sassy comedy from 1996 well worth savoring thanks to director-writer Cameron Crowe. Regardless of my reservations about Cruise, he is ideally cast in the title role, an egocentric and mega-successful sports agent, who gets to hang out with celebrity athletes within a lifestyle that seems to epitomize the Peter Pan syndrome. That is, until Jerry reaches an epiphany about the excesses of his business and after crafting a poorly received "mission statement", is given the boot. Followed only by the nave accountant Dorothy Boyd, he starts a new management company, and due to the machinations of a slimy fellow agent at his now-former company, Jerry is left with just one athlete to represent, the self-absorbed, second-tier football player Rod Tidwell.  From this premise comes a lightweight though insightful character study of people who are not able to be themselves among others and cannot seem to find what they want without the help of someone else telling them what they want. It appears Jerry's initial epiphany is more hard-earned than he expected, and the movie spends most of its running time exploring how he comes to realize its meaning in his life. What is great about the movie is the incisive, thoughtful dialogue peppered with nineties catchphrases that seem to live on eternally..."Show me the money!"..."You had me at hello"..."I love the man he wants to be"..."Help me help you"...and one of the best compliments I've heard though odd coming out of Cruise's mouth: "That's not a dress. That's an Audrey Hepburn movie." There is a human scale to all the dilemmas in the movie which I find enveloping in unexpected ways, and characters you think you will loathe (including Cruise's) surprise you. Everything revolves tightly around the small triumphs and failures, and within the intimacy defined by Crowe, the humor and pain of the characters' lives seems authentic and often funny. And the humor is constant and more of the relatable recognition variety than laugh-out-loud silliness.  Of course, it helps to have a great cast, and the movie benefits from one beginning with what I still feel is Cruise's career-best performance. Not a hugely versatile actor though dedicated, he portrays a character that fits the odd contours of his movie personality...brash, ambitious, emotionally frustrated, frat-house mindset evolving toward begrudging maturity. Beating out the likes of Parker Posey and Mira Sorvino for the role of Dorothy, relative newcomer Rene Zellweger portrays this epiphany-seeking single mother with her unique sensibilities and squeaky-voiced defiance. They have a genuine chemistry that I hope they repeat sometime soon. Playing Tidwell looks to be Cuba Gooding, Jr.'s career high-water mark, as he has not done anything remotely as interesting since then. He is flashy, funny, even cockier than Maguire and a believably devoted husband and father. Regina King expertly plays his sassy, negotiation-driving wife Marcee. My favorite scenes may be between Dorothy and her sister Laurel, played in typically witty fashion by Bonnie Hunt. Even the requisite "cute kid", Jonathan Lipnicki, is funny without being overly precious. Truth be told, a couple of the ancillary characters don't work as well - Todd Luiso as Chad the Nanny, a slacker, and Kelly Preston as Jerry's high maintenance ber-bitch fiance. But these are minor flaws. Everything gets wrapped up perfectly, as you would suspect, but the journey there is unpredictable and wonderfully poignant. Highly recommended.     