 Critics have been lambasting director-screenwriter Cameron Crowe's latest picture right and left, and I can understand some of the derision given the conceits of some of the plot contrivances. However, I was mostly charmed by the personal odyssey of Drew Baylor, a shoe designer at a Nike-look-alike company who has fallen from his golden boy status due to a $1B marketing fiasco. Even though it bears some striking similarities to Zach Braff's recent "Garden State" in approach (including a near-catatonic protagonist at the outset), Crowe bears his unmistakable stamp with an organic use of often obscure music, an episodic story structure that ties random plot strands together emotionally and a keen eye on characterization. Those looking for logic have been forewarned.  Nonetheless, casting is a bit problematic to Crowe. An ill-chosen Orlando Bloom plays the role in such a by-the-numbers manner that I kept thinking how a younger John Cusack or a time-capsuled Jack Lemmon could have added a sense of nuance and true angst to the conflicted, emotionally drained Drew. It's not so much that Bloom torpedoes the film, it's just that he doesn't fulfill what could have been an archetypal American movie hero for the new millennium. Part of the problem is that Bloom overcompensates for his crafted American accent by over-enunciating his voiceover narration. He also seems a bit more at sea than his character should be when surrounded by his down-home relatives.  But when the movie focuses on the love story, Bloom comes to life, and it's really because of Kirsten Dunst, who brings a genuine effervescence to the film as Claire. Initially, her bubbly, motor-mouthed flight attendant threatens to overwhelm the story and the inevitable relationship, but she delivers improbable lines like the soon-to-be-unavoidable "I'm impossible to forget but hard to remember" with convincing aplomb. Even as she is scooping kitty poop out of a litter box or directing people out of a smoke-filled ballroom in a manner true to her profession, Dunst imbues her lighter-than-air character with an incandescence that is truly hard for anyone to resist.  The two actors have palpable chemistry, especially during lengthy dialogue-driven scenes such as their all-night cell-phone interchange (a wonderfully edited piece on its own) or when she talks of Drew and herself as "substitute people". During these moments, there is a well-earned poignancy that Crowe obviously intended. Concurrent to the will-they-or-won't-they romance is the small-town Kentucky family reunion plot catalyzed by the sudden death of Drew's father. Already suicidal from his professional disaster, Drew is ill-equipped to handle complications on the home front with a mother falling apart through hyperactivity and a sister who regales on being put upon. Susan Sarandon plays the mother with her usual finesse and shines during an impromptu comedy and tap dance routine at her husband's memorial service.  The rest of the cast is underused, and characters seem strangely elliptical as a result - Judy Greer as endlessly whining sister Heather; Jessica Biel (in an unflattering Farrah hairdo) as Drew's icy, co-worker girlfriend Ellen; Bruce McGill as black-sheep family friend Bill Banyon; the Food Network's Paula Deen as photo-loving Aunt Dora (of course, constantly in the kitchen) and Paul Schneider as mullet-headed, Lynard Skynard-loving cousin Jessie. The chief exception is a seething cameo by Alec Baldwin as the shoe company magnate who fires Drew. It all ends with Drew - with his father's ashes in tow - taking an elaborate road trip engineered by Claire with a scrapbook complete with location-appropriate music recorded on mix CDs, as well as geographic, culinary and historic insights on various post-its. The twenty-minute sequence is shamelessly manipulative but emotionally enthralling. The same can be said of the film as a whole. Despite its glaring flaws, I truly liked this film a lot.     