 A close friend of mine gave me this book as a birthday present, and I am truly grateful, as this is probably the best multi-storied book I've read since David Mitchell's wondrously complex "Cloud Atlas" last year. Both accomplished works interweave separate stories which are tied together by a leitmotif that makes each individual story resonate even more. Similar but more ambitious in scope than his previous novel, "The Hours", where he hinges his multiple plots upon Virginia Woolf's classic "Mrs. Dalloway", author Michael Cunningham melds three wildly different stories into one book that looks to Walt Whitman's 1882 "Specimen Days" for inspiration. Composed primarily of journal entries of uncompromising beauty, Whitman's work describes soldiers dead, dying or maimed in the Civil War and memorializes the assassinated Abraham Lincoln. Cunningham ties the scenes of death and destruction Whitman witnessed 150 years ago to those that Americans saw on television after 9/11.  The first story, "In the Machine", opens the book with the story of a destitute and deformed twelve-year old Irish boy named Lucas who works in an ironworks factory during the height of the Industrial Revolution in 19th-century Manhattan. He responds to conversations with quotes from Whitman's work, while taking over his dead brother Simon's life, including the pursuit of a forbidden love. The second story is "The Children's Crusade", a contemporary story of Cat, a black woman detective in New York City, as she tries to track down a group of child terrorists who choose to blow themselves up on the streets like suicide bombers. They like to quote the great poet in their cryptic communiqus. Halfway through, Whitman makes a movie-like cameo appearance as a crazy old woman who has raised a trio of orphans in a small apartment papered from floor to ceiling with "Leaves of Grass". The most audacious story is the last one, the futuristic "Like Beauty" about programmed semi-humans and their procreative urge in spite of the encroaching mechanization of society.  Different characters share names among the three stories, but their common bond is actually how they all deal with the inevitable disappointment of measuring up to their ideals while they come to sacrifice their ability to inhabit the present moment. It's a theme familiar to anyone who has read "The Hours" and one that still resonates. Cunningham hits mostly highs and relatively few lows (mostly from overreach) in each story, as it would have been nearly impossible for him to master each genre - from gothic melodrama to police drama to science fiction - with equal fluidity. Regardless, it's a masterful work well worth poring through to see how he brings together beautiful prose and emotional insight from such disparate elements. Strongly recommended and a valuable addition to Cunningham's canon of work.     