 It's no coincidence that this 1963 Doris Day comedy is among one of her smarter concoctions since it has such a strong pedigree - Norman Jewison directed, and the screenwriters were Larry Gelbart and Carl Reiner. In fact, there are traces of Reiner's smart-funny "The Dick Van Dyke Show" in the domestic scenes here with Day and James Garner playing a credible, attractive suburban couple. The fact that the film seems rather chauvinist today just adds to its now rather antiquated charm, as the story revolves around the aptly named Beverly Boyer, a housewife who gets hired as a TV commercial pitchwoman for a soap company much to the chagrin of her obstetrician husband who wants her home with the kids. This concept is tethered to the contrived notion that a fiftyish woman (played by the always sophisticated Arlene Francis) is pregnant, Garner is her dutiful doctor, and her aged father is the blustery founder of the soap company who loves Beverly's homey way of talking about her children.  It's somewhat ironic that Day, who epitomized the mid-century working woman in "Teacher's Pet", "Pillow Talk" and "Lover Come Back", would be playing such an ordinary domestic role here, but I still believe she is among the most underrated of screen actresses. She parlays her underlying intelligence and down-to-earth sensibilities into such likable characters that she makes the silly faux-real Happy Soap commercials quite amusing. Look at the contrived performance of Rene Zellweger in the atrociously over-the-top "Down With Love" as a valid point of comparison. A young, granite-jawed Garner is solid though on the dull side as her frustrated husband who tires of his wife's growing celebrity. Unlike Day's forays with Rock Hudson, this one places Garner's character in a more decidedly secondary role. The funniest scenes relate to the still-sharp jabs at the 1960's Madison Avenue advertising mindset, comparing favorably to Day's other anti-advertising satire, "Lover Come Back".  It all ends predictably with Edward Andrews the comic standout as Francis' frantic husband. Definitely one of Day's better films.     