 This is one book where I honestly can't wait for the movie version, as author David Mitchell has a cinematic sense of narrative that juggles with time like a Quentin Tarantino and sprawls vividly amid exotic locations like a David Lean. This would be an impressive achievement even for the most accomplished writer, much less one as relatively new to the literary scene as Mitchell, as he interweaves six individual stories, each one set in a unique time and locale, into amazingly, one cohesive novel. The discrete stories are told in parts and sometimes out of order, but they tie together through intersections, coincidences and the clever notion that every central character is a reincarnation of a previous character. Perhaps that concept borders on being contrived, but somehow the ploy works beautifully due to Mitchell's full-blooded commitment to his themes. Spanning times, continents and cultures, Mitchell focuses on the follies that would subjugate humanity - slavery, corporate greed, and of nationalistic politics.  The utterly nonlinear novel begins with the 18th-century diary of Adam Ewing, a San Francisco notary who is traveling by ship in the South Pacific (story #1). Story #2 follows in 1931 when a sexually indecisive, aspiring composer named Robert Frobisher serves as amanuensis to an older, more accomplished composer. Story #3 jumps to the 1970's where a reporter named Luisa Rey investigates a cover-up at a nuclear reactor (think of Karen Silkwood), and Story #4 focuses on a 60-ish book editor named Tim Cavendish who finds himself accidentally imprisoned in a home for the elderly. A near-future vision of Korea is the setting of story #5 where a genetically engineered ''fabricant'' named Sonmi-451 is interrogated for her crime of wanting to be fully human, and finally, story #6, the most devastating of all, a Hawaiian ruminates on a post-apocalyptic life. Mitchell is particularly strong in describing the Hawaiian landscape, populated by primitives, tribal warfare and brutal violence. Somni returns here as God for the tribesman protagonist Zachry. Then all the unfinished stories are completed in backward order, a creative stroke at once maddening and fulfilling.  Through birth, death and rebirth, Mitchell raises some tough questions that give the reader pause. This is a dense work driven by an appropriately dark vision, and one could certainly get caught up in the plot convolutions if a full commitment is not made to the audacious concept he has presented here. The title of this book is apt, as this is a map of ever-changing clouds alternately revealing and hiding a world that evolves on common paths. Make sure to concentrate when you read this complex book because it's a winner for the patient among us.     