 Premiere Magazine just named Mickey Rooney's over-the-top impersonation of the pompous and sexually obsessed Japanese neighbor upstairs as one of the fifty most offensive things in movie history. I don't disagree, and as a Japanese-American myself, I have to admit I find Rooney's Asian make-up a bit much. But it's hard to take his sideshow character too seriously, as his casting is consistent with the loopiness of this film. This 1961 film classic must have been considered quite daring in its day, but as with most such attempts, it feels dated in certain ways, as director Blake Edwards tries awfully hard to capture the upscale bohemian atmosphere of early sixties New York. The party scene, for example, plays on a bit too long, I suppose to show how decadent those creative types truly can be.  At the time, Audrey Hepburn was at a crossroads in her career having spent most of the fifties playing innocent, dewy-eyed ingenues, so the role of self-proclaimed hedonist Holly Golightly (aptly named but hardly a "no-name slob" as she puts it) must have had great appeal. After all, Truman Capote, the author from whose novella this movie is based, wanted to cast Marilyn Monroe. But it is hard to imagine how Edwards could have pulled this off without the inimitable Hepburn, a sheer delight as she dances quite flagrantly around the fact that her character is a high-priced call girl by exhibiting her trademark sense of style, fun and vulnerability. Holly's fear of commitment is the crux of this story, even though she is hopelessly drawn to failed writer Paul Varjak, "Fred" to Holly, played by George Peppard. A kindred spirit whose feelings for her are more than mutual, his character is not above taking a few dollars himself, as well as a Baroque monstrosity of an apartment, from a wealthy, married interior decorator played with conniving sophistication by the always wonderful Patricia Neal. I still think Peppard is the weak link here as he doesn't have the requisite light touch to keep up with Holly's shenanigans, although he does well in capturing the pained look of a novelist with semi-permanent writer's block.  The rest of the cast can be best described as eccentric, in particular, Buddy Ebsen (pre-Jed Clampett) as Holly's backwoods first husband, Martin Balsam as her fast-talking agent (for her apocryphally explained acting career) and of course Rooney, whose accent is actually surprisingly accurate if you can get past the make-up. Designer Givenchy is also at work here, and here you'll see the debut of the classic black cocktail dress that launched a million copies to this day. Henry Mancini's romantic music provides the perfect accompaniment, and Hepburn's plaintive, ukelele-strummed version of "Moon River" is still the most definitive. The film does end on the most romantic of notes with a rain-soaked kiss in the alley, just about as lovely a scene as you are likely to see in movies. Sadly there are no extras on this DVD other than the trailer.     