 For those of us who do not design Web sites but must distill what makes them effective, this is a great resource. Design and usability expert Steve Krug has pulled together an easy-to-read book that is not only instructive but visually appealing and often amusing. His tenets are basic, but he is smart enough to recognize how everyone has an opinion on Web design and not necessarily a very informed one. Krug's philosophy is that the most effective Web sites come from solid, integrated design that addresses a need tangible to the user. He spends the bulk of the book proving just how valid his philosophy is.  The author cites successful examples recognizable to even the most mundane surfer, for example, the tabular navigation structure of Amazon. But he doesn't shy away from those sites he finds lacking like the now-defunct Productopia site, which I agree had a confusing home page. Krug even presents site redesigns given his druthers, and the improvement is quite discernible. Using the helpful analogy of street signs, the author identifies the criticality of using persistent navigation, clear site sections and utilities and a search tool as components of a highly usable site. In order to engage the reader, Krug provides what he calls "trunk test" sites in which he tests us to identify missing elements and attempts to elicit site improvements. I particularly like this approach since it helps make Krug's guiding principles resonate more clearly.  The last part of the book provides a precise overview of usability testing. He provides helpful examples of questions to ask users and even includes a session transcript he conducted himself. Krug strongly believes in not structuring the testing to the point where honest feedback cannot be attained. In fact, he feels that instead of placing the onus on one expensive scientific test that it makes far more sense to conduct many simple affordable tests from beginning to end. I agree with Krug that the value of testing does not come from the collection of quantitative data but rather the qualitative findings that lead toward better design decisions. Krug expresses some similarly strong opinions about home page design and the credibility of so-called subject matter experts. Fortunately, with a decade under his belt at leading Internet companies like Netscape and AOL, he is certainly someone that deserves your attention.     