 After 34 years as a roving reporter for CBS News, Tom Fenton has put his guard down and written a blistering book about how the three networks have failed to provide the American public with the news they deserve. It isn't exactly a groundbreaking topic, but his insider position lends credence to a valid perspective even if he is frequently didactic about it. Fenton justifiably states that the decision makers at the network news regularly kill or downplay unpleasant news from outside the United States, leaving Americans uninformed and consequently unprepared for global trends, such as those that led to our current war with radical fundamentalism. It's a worthy tenet to explore and illuminate, but Fenton just doesn't seem to go far enough to address his claims. He says the problem is a complicated mixture of profit motive, limited vision, skewed ideas about what is good for audiences, and kowtowing to those in political power. That is certainly believable, and the founders of the political watchdog Web site, Spinsanity.com, covered this last point more thoroughly in their enlightening treatise, "All the President's Spin: George W. Bush, the Media, and the Truth". But Fenton's argument seems rather narrow given the breadth of his argument. He believes that if only the profit-driven executives who control the TV networks would fund some serious reportage -- particularly overseas reportage -- they could revive the media and educate the public. Fenton recognizes the ties of extensive news coverage to the spread of democracy, but he falters in drawing realistic solutions that would appeal to the programming chiefs. Ideas such as extending the evening news to an hour are honestly half-baked in his narrative, so we are left with a valid opinion with no tangible call to action.  There is nobility to Fenton's old-school ideas and certainly a passion in his attempt to galvanize America to receive the news they must have in order for our democracy to survive. Yet I am left to surmise that the problems with how citizens receive information in a democratic society are deeper than anything the media can be expected to solve on its own. Even if Fenton articulated that finding, there is little for the reader to think could be done to alleviate this increasingly dire situation. One would have hoped there was beacon of hope with the advent of the 24-hour news channel, but as Fenton rightly states, this has not turned out to be the case, as each network fills their schedule with programming targeted toward the bottom line. Fox News Channel is the most cited offender of throwing logic and balance to the wind, but MSNBC, CNN and all the rest are equally guilty of dropping their commitments to serious reporting. The real value of this book, though, lies not in Fenton's discussion of the lack of foreign correspondents, but rather in his revealing interviews with Dan Rather, Peter Jennings and Tom Brokaw, obviously due to his insider status. Their individual personalities come across vividly in their responses - Brokaw comes across as relatively distant from the topic; Rather is thoughtful but still defensive about the quality of reportage on terrorism pre-9/11; and Jennings is more forthright in his disappointment with the coverage during the same period, unsurprising given his fifteen years as an ABC News foreign correspondent. These perspectives, especially Jennings', provide a look at global news coverage that makes this a worthwhile read.     