 Grief is not a subject that people discuss with any level of comfort. Author Joan Didion, however, brings such unforced humanity to the topic that it is hard not to relate when she writes that it "comes in waves, paroxysms, sudden apprehensions that weaken the knees and blind the eyes and obliterate the dailiness of life." Anyone who has suffered the loss of a loved one knows the power grief has to "derange the mind" and make one act irrationally. Didion knows firsthand as she suffered two major setbacks almost concurrently. On Christmas Day 2003, Didion's only daughter, Quintana Roo, was admitted to the ICU of Beth Israel hospital in New York in a state of septic shock. Five days later, Didion's husband of forty years, writer John Gregory Dunne, died of a massive coronary. Nine months later, Didion began to write down the details of her loss and her own thoughts on survival. These words culminated into this poignant and incisive book-length essay chronicling the year following her husband's death.  What I appreciate about her work is that she does not present a self-appointed case of heroism over adversity but rather provides a thoughtful consideration on the phases one goes through when life significantly changes without warning, especially denial. Moreover, unlike other memoirists, she does not take dramatic license with events but instead shows a painstaking commitment to accuracy. If Didion's steely containment seems strange initially, her resolve becomes understandable and in certain ways, heartbreaking, as she obviously didn't have time to experience a breakdown. Shortly after Dunne died, their once healthy and recently married daughter went from bad to worse, later requiring brain surgery and physical therapy. After the book was completed, Didion's daughter passed away, though the author chose not to include this latest tragedy in her book.  Losses at this basic level of personal impact can destroy anyone's ability to think and process, and for a long time, it did for Didion. She explains an intriguing phenomenon called the "vortex effect." The vortex is what first seems like a harmless train of thought that eventually turns without warning toward a memory that triggers a full onslaught of crippling emotion. It's a feeling anyone can understand in the wake of memories that meld dangerously into one's current perception. For the author, the pull of vortex was strongest in Los Angeles, where Quintana is hospitalized after a relapse and where Didion and Dunne had lived for more than twenty years. Her constant fear of being reminded of the past - even when geography is the only common factor - is palpable.   Didion is not satisfied with giving us just a personal journey. In addition to the chronicle of events and how she reacted, she provides a broader context to her own grief within the literature of loss. She reads poems and listens to music and studies the etiquette of grief. What she discovers is that the resulting catharsis buys little time against the inevitable mourning. As she has proven in her past books of essays, Didion's sharp, idiosyncratic voice is one of an unbiased observer who doesn't judge, but merely collects facts about people, places, events and information. It's ultimately a compelling approach to such a book filled with naked emotion. This result of her reporting diligence and superior skills as an essayist makes this a work that is at once personal and universal. She has given the reader an eloquent starting point in which to navigate through the vastly uncharted territory of grief.     