 This off-kilter but surprisingly involving movie feels like a jaundiced tribute to legendary oceanographer Jacques Cousteau, a reluctant father-needful son bonding parable and a contemporary update of "Moby Dick", all combined and filtered through the idiosyncratic eye of writer-director Wes Anderson. Along with co-writer Noah Baumbach, he has fashioned a fanciful episodic story around a cynical Cousteau-type celebrity named Steve Zissou, a role tailor-made for Bill Murray, who continues to resonate as an actor after his subtle, affecting work in Anderson's "Rushmore" and Sofia Coppola's "Lost in Translation". Here he even gets to play an action hero of sorts, as he defends his crew against rabid Filipino pirates onboard the elaborate though curiously antiquated Belafonte, a boat cut in half and filmed like a dollhouse stage set. Casting Murray is an essential component of the film's success since Zissou, now in his fifties, is not really passionate about the preservation of ocean life, at least not anymore, and much more into making movies, exhibiting the branding skills of a natural marketer and on the lookout for public relations and merchandising opportunities. Despite his business acumen, his reputation and fortunes have been on a long-term decline. It is near a personal abyss that he faces a tragedy, his lead diver and best friend has been killed by the never-seen jaguar shark in Part 1 of his documentary, and the media-savvy Zissou decides to take up his revenge against the shark in Part 2. Coincidentally, a mysterious "son" named Ned shows up, the product of a well-remembered affair. Zissou's initial idea of bonding is giving Ned a new name (Kingsley), personalized stationery and automatic membership as part of Team Zissou expedition, much to the jealous consternation of the blindly devoted engineer Klaus. Of course, women enter the picture and complicate matters, first in the form of Zissou's cold-fish ex-wife and business partner, Eleanor, who seems to be taking up with his bisexual nemesis, Hennessey, and second, with Jane, the pregnant and persistent journalist who eventually takes up with Ned. The convoluted elements somehow come together but not before all the strands intertwine in unexpected ways, whether it is on the Belafonte, the vertically impressive Operation Henessey Underwater Sea-Laboratory, or the remote island where the pirates have holed up in an abandoned resort hotel.   A well-selected cast does exceptional work among the discombobulated shenanigans. The currently overexposed Owen Wilson portrays Ned/Kingsley with a believable navet that makes you wonder - in a good way - how disingenuous his character may be. Willem Dafoe, of all people, makes Klaus such a touching and hilarious character that you can quite understand his pathetic pleas for attention from Zissou. The regal-bearing Anjelica Huston is in razor-sharp "Grifters"-mode as Eleanor, and the typically brilliant Cate Blanchett makes the most of what is a wan observational role. Jeff Goldblum plays the slick Hennessey as well, Jeff Goldblum, and "Harold and Maude" cult personality Bud Cort makes a welcome return as the bond company milquetoast who gets taken hostage by the pirates. All the visual elements are great fun. Anderson smartly chooses to use Ray Harryhausen's old-fashioned stop-animation technique to produce the film's special effects, courtesy of Henry Selick, which mainly focus on the outrageous marine life. Robert Yeoman provides flexible camerawork, which emphasizes less on the actors and more on the creative production design by Mark Friedberg, especially of the somewhat dilapidated Belafonte. Ex-Devo lead singer Mark Mothersbaugh has composed the fittingly quirky score, which includes acoustic musical interludes by Seu Jorge, the Brazilian crew member who strums his guitar and sings David Bowie classics in Portuguese. And I do love the walking sequence under the final credits, which was lifted from the 1984 cult film, "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension".  As usual, Criterion does an amazing job with extras on the two-disc set beginning with the smart audio commentary track by Anderson and Baumbach, which is recorded over some muffled restaurant noises, apparently where they jointly worked on the script. I only wish Murray participated on some of the audio. On the first disc, other than the movie, there is a brief behind-the-scenes featurette, this one done for the STARZ network, as well as a series of brief, deleted snippets that add some context but were understandably excised to maintain the story's pacing. On the second disc, entitled appropriately "Supplements", there is a making-of documentary, "This Is an Adventure"; superfluous character portraits by Wilson, Blanchett and Seymour Cassel, who plays the non-verbal role of Zissou's best friend at the beginning; an insightful video journal by Matthew Gray Gubler, who plays Intern #1; twelve video performances of Jorge; and video interviews with Anderson, Baumbach and Mothersbaugh. It's almost overwhelming but not quite.     