 With her supermodel looks and her equally glamorous coloratura, soprano Anna Netrebko has been heralded as the "Next Big Thing" for the past year, especially following the enthusiastic response to her first disc of opera arias. On this, her second recording, with her choice of a mostly bel canto repertoire, I get the feeling she aspires to be the next Maria Callas. Netrebko just might make it, but she isn't quite there yet despite what her overzealous publicists state in her CD booklet. She swoops easily onto notes with confidence and passion. What she lacks, likely due to her tender years, is a fullness of tone and a precision in range that a Rene Fleming has in spades. But the good news is that Netrebko also avoids the sometimes intrusive trilling that Fleming uses to overwhelming effect. Actually the area Netrebko needs to polish most is her diction. She seems muffled at times perhaps because her Italian is not as polished as she or we would like it to be. Comparisons with other sopranos aside, she is a singer to watch.  Most of Netrebko's selections are familiar to even the most casual opera listener, but they are fitting of her big voice. She tackles Violetta of Verdi's "La traviata" like a seasoned pro, running the wide-ranging emotional gamut necessary to carry off the extended aria, " stano...Ah, fors' lui...Sempre libera". She does a fine job fluctuating between the attractions of true love versus the free life of a courtesan. While I enjoy Fleming's version more for virtuosity, I have to say Netrebko  better captures the sensuality of this piece in an almost effortless manner. However, she seems a bit lost enacting the sleepwalking Amina of Bellini's "La sonnambula", where she tends to showboat her voice in place of some much needed nuance to capture the dreamlike quality of the arias. Netrebko also falls slightly short on Bellini's "I puritani" where she has trouble conveying Elvira's madness in spite of support from two sturdy singers, bass-baritone Nicola Ulivieri and bass Andrea Concetti.  She is much better in the title role of Donizetti's "Lucia di Lammermoor", evoking madness through her confident phrasing and effective use of staccatos, especially in the middle aria, "Ardon gl'inscensi". The disc's capper has to be her Desdemona from Verdi's somber-toned "Otello" where she seems to be using her lower register exclusively, climaxing in a lovely, hopeful rendition of "Ave Maria". The disc should have ended there, but for obvious marketing reasons, the disc ends with Puccini's all-too-familiar "O mio babbino caro", though Netrebko acquits herself nicely on it. The accompaniment by the Mahler Chamber Orchestra, led by Claudio Abbado, is sure-handed and matches well with Netrebko's innate sense of theatricality, though at times they sound a bit too anxious to heighten the drama. I'm sure Netrebko will continue her dramatic rise in the opera world, and this recording does reflect an immense talent. Just give her time.     