 All of Christopher Guest's comic mastery as our premiere mockumentarian is on full display here, yet I have never warmed up to this movie the same way I did with "Waiting for Guffman". I think there are two reasons. First, the diversity of characters in "Best in Show", spread across socioeconomic classes and geographic distances, doesn't produce as inherently likable or close-knit a group as the good citizens of Blaine, Missouri.  Second, the concept of a first-person interview movie will inevitably feel less fresh the second time around, especially when many of the same actors are being cast. These concessions aside, this is still an extremely funny movie with an edginess that makes "Waiting for Guffman" feel all the more innocent.  The plot revolves around the fictional Mayflower Dog Show, a Westminster look-alike, being held in Philadelphia, and the eccentric gallery of dog lovers vying for the blue ribbon. First, we have Gerry and Cookie Fleck, played by Eugene Levy (who like "Guffman", co-wrote the witty script with Guest) and Catherine O'Hara, with their Norwich terrier, Winky. In Levy's hands, Gerry is a blood brother to his previous Dr. Pearl but this time, his character has two left feet...literally...and a satisfying moment of victory Pearl could never experience. O'Hara ebulliently makes Cookie a likeable nymphomaniac with a heart of gold.  John Michael Higgins and Michael McKean play an affectionate and flamboyant gay couple, with their Shih Tzu, Miss Agnes. While Higgins lays on the double entendres pretty thick, McKean actually provides a nice balance to their relationship, and the combination makes for more than a "Birdcage" knock-off.  There is also the yuppie couple from hell, high-strung and high-maintenance lawyers Meg and Hamilton Swan, played with uncompromising fury by Parker Posey and Michael Hitchcock, who spoil their Weimaraner, Beatrice, mercilessly. Posey, in a severe turnabout from her lackadaisical Dairy Queen waitress in "Guffman", is particularly strong and edgy at playing the neurotic harpy in search of the elusive bumblebee squeaky toy. With her collagen-injected lips and heavily suctioned breasts, the comically zaftig Jennifer Coolidge plays an Anna Nicole Smith-like trophy wife who comes out of the closet to her hyper-competitive trainer, portrayed by Jane Lynch, with their poodle, Rhapsody in White, in tow. And Guest downshifts from his previous Corky St. Clair significantly to play soft-spoken Harlan Pepper, a red-haired bait-and-tackle shop owner from the backwoods of North Carolina, who loves his devoted bloodhound, Hubert.  For all the comic brilliance generated by the actors playing the dog owners, the show is stolen by the comically irrelevant ranting of Fred Willard, who plays a most idiotic sportscaster who doesn't have a clue what he's talking about. Everyone exhibits sharp improvisational skills, as the press notes indicate that the actors were only given a script outline and encouraged to shape their characters onscreen with no rehearsal.  In the commentary, Guest mentions sixty hours of footage were produced to make this ninety-minute laugh fest. The effort was worth it, as there is not a moment wasted in this comedy. I only wish it inherited some more of the heart of "Guffman" to relieve us from the more scabrous parts of the script. The DVD unsurprisingly has several deleted scenes, all worth seeing for the contextual information they provide about the characters.     