 Above anything else, columnist Maureen Dowd is a political humorist of considerable influence. To view her as anything more (...or less) is a mistake. Consequently, people will either get her and chuckle, or think of her inappropriately as a news reporter incapable of objectivity. The fact that Dowd has covered the Bushes for over 25 years in the Op-Ed page of the New York Times should give her the credentials to publish this book, so regardless of which camp you fall into, people are clearly reading her and paying attention. At first, it seems she is going the fast-buck route here and adding to the voluminous anti-Bush library since she simply consolidated over one hundred of her columns into this tome. But taking a deeper look at these columns and having the experience of reading them sequentially, I can see a broader landscape not necessarily apparent in the individual columns themselves, as Dowd paints a vividly surreal, strangely illogical existence called "Bushworld".   For the most part, the book is hilariously insightful, though at times, she can get self-satisfied with her smugness, especially in her constant attempts to introduce catchphrases ("Oedipal loop-de-loop", "Gorzac"). Dowd could probably learn a thing or two from David Sedaris on the subtleties of observational humor. Yet the book turns into an intriguing attempt to illuminate the "Freudian tango" that exists between father and son, or as she facetiously calls them, Bushes 41 and 43. As told by Dowd, the story makes Arthur Miller's classic drama on father-son conflict "All My Sons" look like child's play. For those unfamiliar with that play, it is about the consequences of personal choices and the sense of personal responsibility which grows outward from the individual to society. In Dowd's account, it appears we have a wildly improbable variation on this theme, as we have a son who not only won't listen to his father but actually uses his dad as a reverse playbook.  In an unfortunate case of truth being stranger than fiction, the story here takes on a worrisome tone with her portrayal of Bush 43 as a unilateralist surrounded by dangerous ideologues led by Dick Cheney as the purported primary villain. Even though such descriptions would naturally put her in the growing camp of Bush-haters, Dowd does not really come across as didactic in the book. Certainly Clinton and Gore did not escape her poison pen, as she claimed the latter so effeminized that he was on the verge of lactating. She just seems more like a curmudgeon, albeit a clever and funny one, critical of whomever is in charge or at least trying to be in charge. Her tendency toward cynicism is kept in check throughout.  I'm sure people are comparing and contrasting her book with Michael Moore's "Fahrenheit 9/11", as they both have an irreverent tone that can be insinuating to their target audiences.  However, Dowd skips Moore's political grandstanding in favor of letting her observations do the work as they filter through her natural skepticism. Her comments can be priceless, and the book is well worth reading for her jaded yet concerned perspective. To get a complete sense of dj vu, you should rent Stanley Kubrick's "Dr. Strangelove: or How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb", a fictitious movie that was originally viewed as over-the-top satire but now after Dowd's book, seems quite true-to-life.     