 If for no other reason, author Azar Nafisi provides great value with her memoir by adding texture and dimension to her native Iran, a portrayal that goes well beyond what one sees on CNN. Nafisi is adept at showing the sharp ideological and political divisions between Iranians, obliterating the stereotype of a uniformly anti-American, radical Muslim nation. What makes this book a particularly absorbing read is her compelling storytelling skills, not her political reportage. Of course, there are particularly potent accounts of protests and demonstrations, of bombings and the murders of intellectuals, which help to build the overriding context of Iranian history. However, Nafisi focuses most of her book on the day-to-day activities in which the ideology of the Islamic Republic has insinuated itself into the lives of ordinary Iranians. What evolves from her narrative are personal histories and human concerns expressed by Nafisi and her reading circle. Consequently, she highlights an unacknowledged aspect of a war-torn country, which is the motivation to become more creative than ever in finding outlets for their dreams and passions. As Nafisi notes in one memorable anecdote, many Iranians are just as worried about their illegal satellite dishes being confiscated as they are about witnessing shootings in their backyards. She is able to encompass a wide variety of perspectives and experiences, including her own passionate opposition to the Islamic Republic, as well as several in her reading circle who insist with equal fervor the importance and necessity of Islamic ideology and regulations. These types of penetrating observations are what makes Nafisi's book a vital read.  Where the author goes somewhat astray is in her attempts to draw broader conclusions about these activities, specifically her interpretation of the political ramifications of the pent-up humanism of Iran's people. What begins as an intensely personal pursuit-that of reading novels by western authors-for Nafisi and her students takes on political dimensions. Nonetheless, the responses of Nafisi's students to the works of Nabokov, Fitzgerald, James, and Austen provide a remarkable insight into the thoughts of young Iranians who grew up with the specter of Khomeini and his reforms. This book is ultimately a kindred of Ray Bradbury's classic "Fahrenheit 451" and Dai Sijie's recent "Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress". All three stories revolve around an oppressive society that has sealed itself off from literature and how someone recognizes these works of art as the change agents they are. But I actually recommend reading another book, Kenneth Pollack's "The Persian Puzzle: The Conflict Between Iran and America", after reading Nafisi's book in order to get a complete landscape of the Iranian people and culture.     