 Having just read her very brief epilogue in David Sedaris' short story anthology, "Children Playing Before a Statue of Hercules", I was intrigued enough by Sarah Vowell's Sedaris-like drollness to pick up this book. With a welcome acerbic tone and a surprising dollop of sentiment, she tackles a defiantly quirky and dark topic by taking a personal journey and exploring historical tourism focused on the first three U.S. Presidents assassinated. Sometimes the mix is uneasy, but for the most part, Vowell seems to be honing in on her own unique voice. I think what saves her from the extremes of being precious or patronizing is her almost academic curiosity of the seemingly mundane. As a result, the author provides some intriguing insights even if they can be sometimes contrived to fit her droll tone. The focal Presidents in her book are Abraham Lincoln, which takes up half the book, and two more obscure choices, James Garfield and William McKinley, and she also examines in detail the assassins and other people associated with the murders.  Even though McKinley could have been an interesting subject for the imperialism he espoused during his administration (for example, the turn-of-the-20th-century occupations of Cuba and the Philippines in Iraq-like fashion), perhaps his political resemblance to the current President diminished Vowell's interest in exploring him much further than his assassin, anarchist Leon Czolgosz. Consequently he remains a cipher even after reading this book, as McKinley quickly became overshadowed by his successor, Theodore Roosevelt. Vowell seems far more engaged in musing about Garfield whom she obviously views as a life cut tragically short. In 1881, Garfield was in office only a few months when he was shot at a train station by Charles Guiteau, an unemployed psychotic who had been pestering the new President to get an ambassadorial appointment. Garfield apparently had the education and sharp political instincts to become a great leader, and Vowell ponders the what-ifs of his life with considerable forlornness. She calls him "Mr. Loner McBookworm" and portrays him as a kindred spirit, almost as a proto-slacker who cared principally about leisure.  But unsurprisingly, Lincoln gets most of the author's attention. Everyone knows about his final moments at Ford's Theater from their grammar school classes, but Vowell finds unusual nuances to his murder and the probable conspiracy around it. For example, she talks at length about the word "sockdologizing", which was used in a punch line in the play Lincoln was watching. The reason for its relevance is that actor John Wilkes Booth knew the line would get a big laugh and thus muffle the gunshot. She goes to Mary Surratt's boardinghouse where the plot was hatched, now a Chinese restaurant called "Wok and Roll"; and retraces Booth's escape route and takes a boat ride to the Dry Tortugas where she visits the prison that held Dr. Samuel Mudd, the white supremacist physician who set the leg Booth broke after leaping to the stage. She talks about the oddly ironic usage of Booth's onstage Latin declarative in Maryland's state motto and even ventures to Alaska to see a totem pole erected by a Tlingit chief, who was once insulted by Secretary of State William Seward, a figure relevant for the fact that he was roughed up by one of Booth's co-conspirators on the infamous night. Vowell would have made a great history teacher at a progressive school because beyond the hit-and-miss one-liners lies a passionate political viewpoint.     