 I was not familiar with these Leonard Bernstein pieces, though his compositional style is unmistakable on these two symphonic works. Although inspiring as a conductor, his track record as a composer is quite mixed likely due to his tendency to indulge in whatever was at hand. Here in these two cases, however, he manages to make stylistically coherent pieces of music. Not unlike his masterful "West Side Story", which is granted, in a different league, both are powerfully resonant and full of dramatic fire amid some challenging passages. I had just heard conductor James Judd lead the New Zealand Symphony Orchestra in bass-baritone Jonathan Lemalu's excellent new recording, "Opera Arias", but I was not prepared for how subtly audacious they play here.  Powerfully moving, Bernstein's Symphony #1 "Jeremiah" is a heartfelt work impeccably performed. Judd manages to capture the bluesy menace of the first-movement "Prophecy", and then he drives the second-movement "Profanation" even harder by bringing a scorching approach to the accents and syncopations of the movement and in turn, getting a tremendous virtuoso response from the players. In the final "Lamentation", mezzo-soprano Helen Medlyn succeeds in capturing the sorrow and bitterness of this movement by staying true to the context without using unnecessary ornamentations.  As one of Bernstein's most exploratory and uneven scores, his Concerto for Orchestra "Jubilee Games" was his final major orchestral work. Producing purposeful aural chaos, Judd and his players tear into the opening "Free-Style Events" like a crowd on a rampage, and frankly it is the least successful passage on the recording.  But Judd and his players recover with some superb solo turns in the follow-up movement, the oddly spare "Mixed Doubles". The third section, "Diaspora Dances", is easily the peak as it is a brilliant scherzo in Bernstein's characteristic jazzy milieu with its rhythmic game-playing and street-wise tones. In the closing "Benediction", Judd finds exactly the same level of solemnity with baritone Nathan Gunn offering a gently moving final prayer. The recorded sound is very clear and balanced. Again Naxos has produced a superb recording for a bargain basement price, this time of the brilliant and periodically discordant work of a legend.     