 Who would have thought there could be an entertaining book on economic indicators? As the Director of The Economic Outlook Group, a renowned consulting firm that evaluates global economic trends and risks, Bernard Baumohl is well qualified to write a tome about economic indicators no matter how dry the subject matter may seem to be. Luckily for us, he has instead written an excellent primer for understanding them and showing how to apply them to predicting future stock and bond market activity, as well as how the currency market will respond. Baumohl is an informative writer not caught up in details or equations that would alienate all but the most academic. With an easy-to-read writing style, he focuses on the indicators which have the greatest influence in the markets, selectively analyzing the ones that do the best job in predicting where the economy is heading. Moreover, he seeks out the indicators where the data are found most easily and in turn, how we can best interpret them. The author smartly presents his findings in an encyclopedic fashion to provide a run-down on 47 U.S. economic indicators, plus a few essential international indicators.  The book starts with "the lock-up," which he describes as the U.S. government's process to assure simultaneous availability to everyone of economic data when they are released. Such are the safeguards necessary to avoid leaks which would give anyone advance information that could be used improperly. The next section highlights a pivotal chart that takes the components of real gross domestic product - consumption, investment, inventory change, government spending, and net exports - and signs of price pressures, consequently matching each segment up with the key economic indicators for that segment. Subsequent tables list the economic indicators most sensitive to stocks, bonds, and the dollar, as well as the top ten international economic indicators. Suddenly, heretofore foreboding statistics become clear. Baumohl also provides valuable insight into the unpredictable housing market - with several chapters devoted to how to interpret the real estate-related indicators. Quite thorough in his treatment, he also provides a helpful guide to the economic jargon encountered in using the data, such as annual rates, real and nominal dollars, moving averages, revisions and benchmarks, and seasonal adjustments. Perhaps to the chagrin of registered investment advisors, he explains several important indicators that can be used for privately forecasting economic growth ignored by the mainstream press and goes as far as explaining how you can easily find these updated indicators (or compute them yourself) in most cases free of charge.  With this background, the book then turns to a description of individual economic indicators. Each entry for the economic indicators listed explains not only the what, why and how behind it but also what impact it can have on stocks, bonds and the dollar. Baumohl goes into the market sensitivity of each indicator (very high, high, medium, low), its availability on the Internet, release time, frequency, source, and revisions.  I also find it interesting how he can lucidly explain how each indicator is computed. The author also goes into a relatively cursory discussion of international economic indicators and why they are important. In the same format as that provided for U.S. indicators, he also lists ten most important international indicators that include data for Germany, France, the Euro zone, the OECD, China, and Brazil. The last sections discuss the best Web sites for U.S and international economic indicators. This is a smart, informative read for anyone curious about the intricacies behind economic forecasting and the effect it has on our lives.     