 Author Barbara Ehrenreich takes on welfare reform in a compelling way, by subjecting herself to a series of low-wage jobs in Florida, Maine and Minnesota. The result is a provocative and often indignant look at how women forced off welfare try to make ends meet in a stacked-deck world. What starts out as an interesting sociological experiment about living in poverty turns into something far deeper and self-revelatory about survival from paycheck to paycheck. Even though she gives herself an advantage upfront by keeping her car and having $1000 in an emergency fund, she dives headlong into her first person study by taking on the burden of this study by separating herself from family and friends.  In each locale, Ehrenreich struggles to find a place to live in which she feels safe, while considering whether it is cheap enough that she will still have money left for food and transportation. She also faces the difficulty of becoming ill and needing medical care. Ehrenreich struggles to cover the expenses for just herself and learns through co-workers what can happen if one also has dependents. It is this realistic compilation of situations that makes the book singe with realistic observations at which Ehrenreich is adept. As she finds out, second jobs and the help of family, friends and even outside agencies are vital for workers at this level in the economy. The book can feel relentless in the constant exhaustion she must have felt at the end of each day, and I'm sure this is intentional. It is in this level of detail that she is quite effective in portraying the everyday lives of people who are not only "getting by" but also showing great pride in their work and ability to earn a living. Ehrenreich shares lots of statistics, but the more important aspect of this book is how she writes about what happens to her spirit, her feeling of self-worth. In the jobs, she discovers the reality of becoming a non-person. It is in her descriptions of not being seen as who she is, not being valued, that really makes this book come alive.  In an odd way, this book reminds me of the old forties Preston Sturges movie, "Sullivan's Travels", about the Hollywood director who masquerades as a hobo so he can understand the plight of the downtrodden "real" people. Both that movie and this book dance on the line between straightforward social protest and an often painful acknowledgment of inconvenience, which translates into truths that we choose to ignore because we simply can. The reader gets a sense of outrage peeking at the trials of poor Americans, both in Ehrenreich's own test case and in the real lives of the many people she met during her grim adventures. It is the difference in her situation versus theirs that allows a certain elitist viewpoint to creep in at times. Toward the end of the book, she takes a self-congratulatory tone for her months of sacrifice and crusading journalistic integrity, but to be fair, she keeps this attitude in check as she expresses a real sense of compassion for her coworkers.  Her final chapter is an overview of the problems of the working poor from a more analytic perspective, and her conclusions are bleak. While the Bush administration boasts about getting welfare mothers off the dole and into gainful employment, these women are, in reality, sinking more deeply into poverty. One gets the sinking feeling this will be a perpetual state unless employers are willing to pay their employees a living wage and take into consideration their long-term health. A painful and thought-provoking read but highly recommended.     