 Former Clinton advisor and current Clinton turncoat Dick Morris has penned yet another book that takes another sideswipe against Hillary Rodham Clinton. Similar to his in-depth and surprisingly effective character dissection of Senator Clinton in last year's "Rewriting History", Morris and his wife Eileen McGann have co-written an intriguing though centrally flawed tome about a speculative Presidential race in 2008 between Clinton and the only one they deem worthy of defeating her, Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice. Although the book is well presented in regard to facts about both possible candidates, I have to say the co-authors' reasoning for this final showdown is on far shakier ground.  The good-versus-evil argument - Rice as the hero and Clinton as the villain - pervasive in this book can get heavy-handed, though it shouldn't be too surprising given Morris' recent second-phase career as a long-winded Clinton expos writer. I suppose it is possible that Rice could possibly emerge as a formidable presidential candidate for the Republican Party. However, just like "Rewriting History", it is also possible that Morris's and McGann's new book could end up benefiting Hillary. The character slams are predictably still there, most emphatically, Senator Clinton's perceived sense of entitlement that arguably leads to her constant involvement with financial scandals. Whether intentional or not, the co-authors provide both women with a free boost of PR and water-cooler fodder by proclaiming Rice and Senator Clinton to be politically at the same level.  As Rice is in the core of the current administration, this clearly benefits Hillary's aspirations, especially as she is being compared head-to-head with someone who has impressive foreign policy credentials, an area lacking in Senator Clinton's experience. In fact, the bigger stretch would be for Rice to go from Secretary of State directly to President with no campaigning or electoral process experience under her belt. That seems like a wider political chasm to me and one that could easily be pounce upon by a number of savvy Republican politicians who have already run and served. redit Morris and McGann for their through examination of each potential candidate's background and electability, their more cursory exploration of electoral trends that both parties will try to exploit to carry them to victory and the campaign strategies they feel both candidates will likely adopt. I find particularly interesting the ways in which the co-authors feel each candidate would respond to crises as Chief Executive and as Commander-in-Chief.  The book's flaws are numerous starting with the obvious commercial value in presenting the 2008 election as an expansive feminist tract. What I find most simplistic is their academic elimination of other viable candidates for the 2008 run, in particular, Edward and McCain whom they cite as unelectable even though both more readily reflect the centrist perspective that makes them more electable from my perspective. In fact, just as Senator Clinton may be tripped up by her sense of entitlement, one can see from this book how Rice could be hamstrung by her own uncompromising devotion to her principles. There is no doubt that Morris is a successful political strategist and operative and has some credibility on the conjecture presented here, but this book feels more contrived than illuminating.     