 Author Ann Patchett is obviously quite an opera lover, for who else but an opera lover would write a hostage story where opera music proves to be the tie that binds, sort of speak. As an opera lover myself, I can find this all credible and to be honest, enthralling. What Patchett does is transcend the contrivance of this device by writing a lovely and very original novel in spite of the circumstances that would make the reader think this will be a story strewn with fear and violence. Describing the plot makes the novel sound trite, which in an intentional way, is a major part of its appeal. The story starts with a high-powered Japanese business tycoon, who is invited by the government of an unnamed and of course, unstable South American country to celebrate his birthday, the goal being that he will be encouraged to build a factory there. The centerpiece of the party is Roxane Coss, the world's most famous lyric soprano, who has been invited to perform there since her biggest fan is the tycoon. All of a sudden, midway through the lavish party, terrorists appear and take the 58 international guests hostage. What happens next is what makes this novel quite unusual and compelling.  Most of the book covers the months that pass by with this hostage situation in place. On the surface, it sounds like an uneasy mix of "Dog Day Afternoon" and "Diva", but the story takes unexpected turns, and most surprisingly, it becomes an almost Shakespearean human comedy rather than a standard thriller. Basically what happens is that the artificial binds of a hostage crisis bring out the best in everybody, including the hostages. Patchett's message is simple but resonant, that our everyday existences desensitize us to what is most important in our lives and that only under dire circumstances where we have no means of escape do we have the initiative to overcome our self-imposed barriers and create our own miracles. She makes you care about all the characters in a very subtle way and interlaces the seriousness of the situation with unexpected humor. What Patchett does best is use her gift for dramatic imagery in describing the beauty and power of Roxane's voice as the bonding agent between the terrorists and hostages. Characters step outside of their own identities, such as Roxane's unexpected and most un-diva-like leadership aptitude during the ordeal and in particular, the genuine love that develops between the tycoon and Roxane. At times, there are some contrivances that lend an aroma of a romance novel to the proceedings, and there is a certain patness to the ending. Still, Patchett shows herself to be a deft and observant writer, who can capture the different aspects of life in a unique setting and turn these disparate elements into a cohesive, constantly surprising story. Highly recommended.     