 This is a lovely album, an almost flawless jewel with a 24-karat cast. Henry Purcell's only opera, "Dido and Aeneas" has been given the full-blown star treatment here. Musical director and harpsichordist Emmanuelle Ham expertly directs the period instrument group, Le Concert d'Astre, which plays a vital role in the vibrancy of a performance that lasts only 53 minutes. Six instruments are used to simulate the large string ensembles used in the numerous previous recordings of this opera - cello, viola da gamba, harpsichord, and most prominently, theorbo, archlute and baroque guitar. Their use in different combinations changes the colors of the piece dramatically in sometimes lightning-fast movements, and they seem to respond perfectly to the singers. Not a second is wasted as the tempos impart a tremendous energy that ideally fits the passion of the story. The plot is drawn from a famous episode in Virgil's epic poem and centers on Dido, Queen of Carthage, who falls in love with Prince Aeneas, lately of the vanquished Troy, who is resting at Carthage on his way to establishing Rome. When three witches (with the help of a spirit disguised as Mercury) decide to undo the lovers purely out of spite, their fate is inevitable. Aeneas abandons Dido and sails for Rome, while a heartbroken Dido kills herself.  Ham has assembled a dream team of world-class singers to bring this story to vivid life. As Dido, mezzo-soprano Susan Graham brings her full-bodied voice to romantic life gorgeously. She seems less royal and more womanly, and from her pained "Ah! Belinda" onward, the net effect is that she becomes a more empathetic figure to the listener. Soprano Camilla Tilling superbly complements Graham as her handmaiden Belinda. The contrast in their voices is particularly breathtaking. Contralto Felicity Palmer does a nice twitchy turn as the Sorceress. Tenor Ian Bostridge cuts a romantic figure as Aeneas though he does not sound as heroic as one would hope given his change of heart at the end of the story. And in an all-too-brief cameo appearance, countertenor David Daniels makes the most of his 45 seconds as the Spirit, who orders Aeneas to leave Carthage post haste. His voice is as striking as ever. A chorus of fourteen named European Voices provides able support throughout. For those unfamiliar with Purcell's work, this is the ideal introduction as Ham and company have done a superb job of bringing his opera to life.     