 Even with the frivolous trailer (included here in the DVD), I was actually surprised to find just how lightweight this 2005 movie is. In fact, until the last twenty minutes or so, it is a relatively inconsequential though charming entertainment, as well as a musical treat and a visual feast of London just before and during WWII. Director Stephen Frears seems an unlikely choice to guide such a confection given his earlier credentials in grittier fare like "The Grifters", but he shows dexterity in handling both the farcical and sentimental elements even when it seems he cannot make up his mind whether this is a stylized recollection or a historical piece.  Based on a true story about the Windmill Theater in London's West End (which has ironically ended up as an erotica theater in the more modern sense), the story centers on newly widowed dowager Laura Henderson, who is left with a lot of money to spend and nothing that excites her until see sees a dilapidated theater. She buys and refurbishes it and then enlists theater manager Vivian Van Damm to pull together a variety revue. Copycat competitors take away the initial success at the Windmill, so Mrs. Henderson decides to add statue-like nude females. Despite the constant tit-for-tat arguments between Mrs. Henderson and Van Damm, the theater thrives and inevitably becomes a magnet for wartime servicemen. The war intercedes with the London blitz, and stuffy Lord Cromer provides what there is of a dramatic conflict by threatening to shut the theater down to minimize what he sees as unnecessary military congregations.  The title role appears custom-made for Judi Dench, who has already mastered her particular blend of imperiousness and earthiness in a number of recent roles. She certainly holds it together with ease and is ably abetted by a relatively sedate Bob Hoskins, who displays his trademark schlubby nurturing manner, as Van Damm. In a few scenes, Christopher Guest is an inspired choice to play Lord Cromer. The period look of the film is just right thanks to expert work behind the camera - Hugo Luczyc-Wyhowski's production design, Sandy Powell's costumes and Andrew Dunn's cinematography. The DVD contains Frears' lackluster and overly detailed commentary on an alternate track, as well as a solid five-chapter "making of" featurette that first spotlights the real Windmill girls now in their seventies and eighties. Surprisingly not included are any sepia-toned photos of the real Mrs. Henderson and Van Damm.     