 Taken on its own terms, this sumptuously appointed 2005 film has an epic sense of melodrama that is quite fulsome and entertaining. The most impressive aspects of Arthur Golden's 1997 source novel, however, are the subtlety of the time-spanning narrative and the meticulous sense of detail and timing around the apprenticeship of a geisha. Director Rob Marshall takes inevitable shortcuts in his film adaptation to accommodate the 144-minute running time, and for me at least, the pacing feels somewhat off with a bit too much time spent on the shadowy, Dickensian childhood scenes and not enough time on the fascinating minutiae of the actual geisha training.  Otherwise fairly faithful to the book, the plot follows the life of Chiyo, at first a nine-year old Japanese girl who is sold by her desperate father into slavery along with her older sister Satsu. Because of the unusual gray color of her eyes, Chiyo is sold to an okiya in Kyoto, i.e., a boardinghouse for geishas, while her sister is sold into prostitution elsewhere. Chiyo uses any means she can to reunite with her sister, but she is constantly defeated and punished by the okiya mother until Mameha, a legendary geisha of the hanamachi (geisha district) takes an interest in developing Chiyo into a geisha. Chiyo undergoes a grueling but relatively speedy apprenticeship, and men become bewitched by her poise and subservient manner.  Taking a new name, Sayuri, to symbolize her metamorphosis into a professional geisha, she also gains a vindictive adversary in beautiful but spiteful Hatsumomo, the okiya's star geisha. In fact, Sayuri surpasses Hatsumomo in stature, but her victory is short-lived as Japan is in the midst of war and the entire hanamachi is evacuated. Fortunes are lost, but the post-WWII American occupation brings new and not entirely welcome opportunities. This is where both the book and movie drag somewhat since the plot machinations evolve into more of a generic soap opera of compromise and comeuppance. Fortunately, Marshall - along with co-screenwriters Robin Swicord and Doug Wright - excise the book's long denouement of Sayuri moving to New York to run a salon for visiting Japanese businessmen.  Unsurprisingly, the film's period detail is impressive, even though it was mostly shot here in California with Kyoto's Gion district recreated in Thousand Oaks (I would agree that the current Gion district looks too modern and commercial to be used effectively now). A bevy of first-rate talent has been recruited to develop the evocative atmosphere of mid-century Japan - John Myhre's production design, Colleen Atwood's costumes (the kimonos are indeed exquisite), Dion Beebe's cinematography and John Williams' evocative music score are all stunning contributions.  The movie is dominated by the three female leads, none Japanese, but their individual talents and combined star wattage allay any major miscasting error. Ziyi Zhang certainly looks the part of Sayuri, virginal yet seductive, and she plays the central role with requisite quietude. With her shopworn beauty and throaty voice, Michelle Yeoh fully captures the meditative wisdom of Mameha, as she seems completely credible as the hanamachi's leading geisha. A stunning beauty that threatens to cause an imbalance to the story, Gong Li is a knockout as Hatsumomo with a gift for conveying venal behavior that makes you want to know more about her character.  Because of the decision to have the dialogue almost completely in English (instead of subtitled), Yeoh comes off the smoothest, while both Zhang and Li seem at times to be speaking a little too phonetically to be fully immersed in their roles. Ken Watanabe makes a charismatic Chairman, the object of Sayuri's lifelong desires, though his scenes feel a bit truncated. Other roles are presented in rather broad strokes - Kji Yakusho is suitably gruff and insensitive as Nobu; Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa brings a nicely sinister edge to the Baron; Youki Kudoh undergoes the most dramatic transformation as the secondary apprentice geisha, Pumpkin; and Kaori Momoi is coldly effective as the mercenary okiya mother with the forever-propped cigarette.  Although I enjoyed the film and don't mind the Oscar-baiting nature of the approach here, a part of me does wish that a Yasujiro Ozu or a Mikio Naruse were still alive to do his own adaptation of the book, as I feel their subtle, native Japanese filmmaking  techniques could have brought a more authentic feeling to the film. I can only imagine what a Setsuko Hara or a Machiko Ky could have done with the role of Sayuri in their prime, but I'm just happy Marshall and company have brought Golden's book to the screen with such dedicated if a bit overly commercial spirit.     