 There is plenty to nitpick about in this three-hour adventure epic, but I would be hard pressed to challenge the expansive power of filmmaking wunderkind Peter Jackson's imagination and how he is able to translate his vision so vividly on film. Even more than the unstoppable special effects and state-of-the-art computer graphics, what I appreciate most about this 2005 version is the respect Jackson obviously has for the original 1933 film classic and his innate understanding of what still works from that story. The smartest decision he made was to leave the story's setting in 1933 rather than try to update it (as was done in the greed-oriented, oil-crisis-focused 1976 remake - which is ironically the most dated of the three versions). In fact, Jackson, along with his "Lord of the Rings" co-screenwriters Philippa Boyens and Fran Walsh, have remained amazingly faithful to the original story and concurrently expanded it just enough to bring a greater depth of character development, even to Kong himself.  The familiar plot begins with unscrupulous filmmaker Carl Denham who steals his film from studio executives who are tired of his endless safari footage. Denham desperately needs a leading lady who will fit the costumes for his new film and finds down-on-her-luck vaudeville performer Ann Darrow. He also has playwright Jack Driscoll help with the script, but then Jack gets tricked into accompanying Darrow and the film crew on a tramp steamer headed for Skull Island where Denham wants to shoot his film. Once they reach the island, they are met by savage natives, and Ann is eventually captured to be offered up as sacrifice to Kong. Smitten with Ann, Jack sets out to rescue her, while Denham's target is capturing Kong. Dinosaurs and other unsavory predators intercede on the island, and Ann becomes beholden to Kong for saving her from ensuing peril. However, ultimately Denham is successful in bringing Kong back to New York. Finally enraged by his enslavement, Kong breaks free and escapes but meets an inevitably tragic fate.  Although he doesn't make his entrance until well into the second hour, Kong is not as imposing as I would have expected. What impresses me is the acrobatic dexterity of the creature and its lifelike characteristics, courtesy of images animated from the likeness and movements of Andy Serkis, who not only was Gollum in "Lord of the Rings" but also is the steamer's cook in this movie. Avoiding the ironic humor arising from humanizing Kong (a big misstep with the 1976 version), Jackson keeps Kong's behavior consistent with a gorilla's albeit one who has become the last of a gigantic, aggressive subspecies. The film's most resonant aspect is the unconventional love story between Ann and Kong - not a ludicrous manifestation of primal urges but an almost old-fashioned courtship that is equal parts Dion Fossey and old Hollywood movies. Jackson and his crew somehow make it all credible.  Give major credit to Naomi Watts, who brings an alarmingly natural quality to a most unnatural situation as Ann. Not only does she have the becalmed beauty and vulnerability that makes Kong's attraction completely understandable, but she has the wherewithal and piercing intelligence (even juggling rocks and doing clumsy somersaults) to make the story move with some semblance of reason and emotional motivation. Jack Black is an inspired choice to play Denham, as his trademark manic energy and psycho-stare seem well suited for the part. At times, he seems on the verge of parody, but he plays the more unsavory moments with convincing abandon. As Jack, despite a too-contemporary look about him, Adrien Brody shows himself to be leading man material, even though he is overshadowed by both his human and computer-generated co-stars. Granted it's not his fault that Jack's romance with Ann is secondary to the plot.  The expected set pieces on Skull Island are effectively terrifying from the foreboding rocks to the spooked natives (who oddly disappear later on) to the series of dinosaurs, bats, spiders and other odd creatures that chase and often mangle their human prey. My one nagging feeling is that too much time is spent on the island with the sequential chase scenes becoming too numerous, especially as Jackson obviously likes doing variations on the same theme. However, one particularly effective scene has Ann, Kong and three dinosaurs getting caught in a tangle of vines down a ravine during a major battle royale. For all of the deadly fauna of the island, I am even more impressed with the recreation of 1933 Manhattan, in particular Times Square, the authentic-feeling detail of which is mind-boggling. The last scenes with Kong reunited with Ann work magically, even the potentially ridiculous scene of them on a frozen Central Park pond and most poignantly in the last aerial-bound moments. While it's true that the computer animation gets too obvious at times, especially in the avalanche of activity on Skull Island, we still reap the benefits of Jackson's successful realization of his vivid imagination around the King Kong fable. He is like a modern-day Cecil B. DeMille with Spielberg's more whimsical savvy, and his movie is masterful popcorn entertainment.     