 I thought I read the definitive book on the Iraqi conflict late last year with George Packer's "The Assassins' Gate: America in Iraq", but this is an even more vivid account by New York Times military correspondent Michael R. Gordon and retired Marine Corps Lieutenant General Bernard E. Trainor since their collaborative effort contains disclosures made in the U.S. Joint Forces Command report on the early phases of the war. Since the full Pentagon report is still classified, most of their account ends abruptly in mid-2003 before the U.S. troops struck back at the insurgents, but this is easily the most illuminating study of the strategy and execution of the plan to depose Saddam Hussein. The book's title refers to the name U.S. commanders gave the operation.  The co-authors' portrayal of Hussein is but one example of the delusional effects of executive power. What Gordon and Trainor found in exhaustive their research was that Saddam - feeling cornered by increasing sanctions and rising political pressures -  was convinced that President George W Bush, following his father's actions more than a decade prior, would not go to Baghdad. In penetrating interviews, former Baath Party officials and military generals, for example, Saddam's principal secretary, Lieutenant General Abed Hamid Mahmoud, and the former Iraqi foreign minister, Tariq Aziz, describe the Iraqi president as a confused despot well aware that his days were numbered. It plays almost like a Middle Eastern version of Shakespeare's "King Lear" as the co-authors show Saddam demonstrating little rational thought in strategy, relying on his two incapable and power-mad sons for key information and keeping up boastful appearances as a powerful leader. These delusions led to claims of weapons of mass destruction. As we all know now, none existed, yet Saddam would never acknowledge that they were indeed fiction, even to his closest minions, for fear of losing his standing especially as Iran was initiating their nuclear weapons program. When his generals discovered that Iraq had no WMD, they were shocked, and as lies beget more lies, many thought Iraq still had WMD because the U.S. government continued to say so.  Just as Saddam remained unmoved in a quagmire of rhetoric, Gordon and Trainor's account of President Bush's involvement is equally telling. His participation in the planning and execution of the U.S. takeover of Iraq consisted mostly of his endorsement both private and public. Completely disconnected from tactical decisions behind the invasion, he used his time to keep a supportive public face to the war, for instance, making a surprise Thanksgiving visit to the troops, rather than contribute any ideas or offer any alternatives to the invasion. Such tactics were all left to the triumvirate of Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, Vice President Dick Cheney and current World Bank president Paul Wolfowitz. What particularly stands out in the book is the frustration of military leaders with decisions made by their political bosses. Rumsfeld, in particular, comes across as someone who continued to belittle the Iraqi opposition by authorizing the deployment of a bare minimum of troops. Likely the most damaging is Ambassador Paul Bremer's myopic decision to abolish the Iraqi army and prevent the U.S. military from holding local elections. The administration's fear of electing an anti-U.S. sympathizer was so great that it literally halted any progress that could have been made from the conflict. This was the beginning of the contaminating disincentive that has continued to keep direct U.S. involvement interminable.  This book is essential reading. Even with approval ratings at an all-time low, the current administration seems set to live with their imperialistic folly even as the death toll continues to rise. Most of the book discusses the fighting that occurred in early 2003, but Gordon and Trainor also provide a thoughtful analysis of how the current administration's erroneous decisions in the midst of the invasion set the stage for the vicious insurgency infiltrating the country now.  They contend that the window of opportunity for peace is long past, and we are left with the unreflective words of a leader who seems intent on vindicating himself of his accountability. With no other evidence on the table, it appears history will prove the co-authors correct.     