 Directed and written by first-timer Billy Ray, this is a surprisingly effective character study told from the outside, as the protagonist remains a cipher throughout the story. In the central role, Hayden Christensen portrays journalist Stephen Glass, a writer for the Washington D.C.-based current events magazine, The New Republic, a publication whose staff is largely comprised of people under the age of thirty. As with any movie about the press from "The Front Page" to "All the President's Men", the need to get the best story first has always been key to the plot since it's an inherent part of the news business. But this time out, the journalist violates the cardinal rule of crossing into fiction with 27 of 41 stories he wrote for the magazine over two years, an unforgivable breach that throws the integrity of the news business out the window.   The first half of the film focuses on Glass, a protg of the magazine's late editor, Michael Kelly, and as such, an ambitious toady who insinuates himself into news staff with his imagination and talent. He effortlessly woos his co-workers with exhilarating story pitches delivered at staff meetings, so well positioned is he that his fabricated stories get past the magazine's fact checkers with ease. But from the get-go, there is something one cannot trust or respect about Glass, and Christensen is effective in showing these unattractive layers by emphasizing the juvenile, "like-me" behavior.  After the beloved Kelly gets fired and unpopular new editor Chuck Lane takes over, Glass' world really begins to unravel when Adam Penenberg, a writer for the online magazine Forbes Digital, catches wind of Glass' story entitled "Hack Heaven," allegedly about a teenage computer hacker who manages to strike a lucrative deal working for a software company that he had attacked. When Penenberg begins to unravel the untruths, the pressure comes down hard and heavy on Glass, and this is where Ray's outside view of Glass proves invaluable since the perspective of the film switches to Lane in the second half. Clearly conflicted about Glass, Lane seeks the truth unabated with the clear mission to uphold the reputation of The New Republic. A subtle actor of precise technique, Peter Sarsgaard easily gives the film's best performance as Lane. There's an intensity that builds so believably, but is skillfully contained, especially in scenes when he's asked to unleash his anger and frustration. As he proves subsequently in "Kinsey", Sarsgaard has a constant aura of wariness that suits this role as well. The film shows Lane both at home and at work, and portrays him as a man who takes both duties seriously. Recognizable actors fill out the rest of the cast fitfully - an almost sedate Steve Zahn as Penenberg, a rather sanctimonious Hank Azaria as Kelly, a comparatively low-key Chlo Sevigny as a fact checker at the magazine.  Most importantly, this 2003 movie shows the truth can be harder to obtain than most would imagine. With more information options available than ever, the importance of questioning one's sources can never be overstated. I have to say that the movie does veer sometimes into TV-movie-style twists and turns, which prevents it from resonating more thoroughly, but for a first-time directorial effort, Ray does a fine job conveying his message of compromised ethics and their ramifications on a free press. The DVD includes an intriguing "60 Minutes" interview with the real Glass, and the film is backed by a commentary track from Ray and the real Lane.     