 It seems a shame that this fascinating, eminently readable book came out the day after the national elections, as the subject has great pertinence to anyone who has questioned the bullying imperialism that the Bush administration condones in dealing with the rest of the world. Currently the Rocky Mountain bureau chief for the Washington Post, author T.R. Reid more relevantly was the paper's London bureau chief, and from this vantage point, he has been able to apply an obvious wellspring of knowledge about Europe's changing social, political and economic landscape. In lucid terms that result in some eye-opening observations, he spells out how the European Union (EU) has taken the road not taken by coming together as a burgeoning superpower that threatens to overtake the U.S. in many historically dominant areas in which we have become victim to our own nationalistic pride.  A super-nation consisting of 25 separate nations and over 500 million inhabitants, the EU hopes to eclipse the U.S. to become the ideal welfare state, not a military giant. It's an audacious objective, somewhat in a vacuum and rather idealistic on many levels, but according to most Europeans, it's a goal definitely within reach. Reid provides plenty of evidence that the EU has a powerful value proposition that the U.S. is unable and currently unwilling to replicate here. Much of the EU's economic strategy is based on their goal of becoming the global center of anti-trust legislation. No longer willing to follow Washington's rules, the EU has been successful in forcing corporate heavyweights like Microsoft and General Electric to bend to their will. In the most intriguing example, Reid follows the journey of GE Chairman Jack Welch and his quest to buy Honeywell. His $45 billion deal was approved by all of the U.S. government agencies, but it could not pass the approval of the EU's distrusting anti-trust czar Mario Monti despite Welch having spent nearly $75 million on the buyout. According to Reid, much of the EU's clout comes from the fact that it can amass power as a single unit when it matters (e.g., sharing a single currency, eliminating border patrols) but capitalize on their individual sovereignties by having 25 separate votes within pivotal international organizations. In the most obvious recent case, the EU used their numbers to their advantage in voting overwhelmingly against Bush's second attempt to gain support for a U.N.-sanctioned war against Saddam Hussein. Even more interesting was their unified position within the World Trade Organization where together they issued sanctions against the U.S. in providing special benefits to U.S.-based corporations. This is a different kind of global power based not on guns but on a solid, intimidating front upon which the U.S. has had to yield time and time again. Moreover, the EU prides itself on being the "beloved welfare state" and is more than happy to allow the U.S. to increase its multi-billion dollar deficit to fund the military forces deemed necessary to protect the free world from terrorism. In fact, despite their fears of the al-Qaeda, the EU views military spending as anachronistic, much preferring to spend their budgets on free medical care, free college education, a rich pension system and helping mothers raise their newborn babies without economic hardship.  The author is particularly merciless when it comes to the European view on President Bush, a deeply negative perception compared to his predecessors including his father. Although some of Reid's comments are quite conjectural (e.g., talking about Bush's posturing swagger and cowboy boots), one cannot argue with concrete evidence of reaction to Bush's imperialist and often self-righteous tendencies - voting against the Kyoto Accord, politically arm-wrestling the EU to allow Turkey membership, and perhaps most damaging, his support of the death penalty. In fact, Reid states that the European perception of the U.S. death penalty has driven a deeper wedge than one can imagine since such a stand reflects a zealous religious right completely alien to the European mindset. Providing a glimpse into the future of the EU and the evolving identity of its constituents, Reid also discusses the social implications with the emergence of "Generation E", the 18-40 year olds who travel Europe with no regard to borders and speak English as their language of choice. If you are looking to understand the shifting balance of global power, then this is the book to read as Reid has written one of the most insightful and frankly entertaining books on the global ramifications of current U.S. policy and how Europe has faced the challenge of overcoming the U.S. shadow. Strongly recommended for those who have the temerity to take a hard look across the Atlantic.     