 To say that Jane Fonda has led a full life seems like an understatement, and this 624-page book will vouch for that since what comes across is not as much the depth of the woman as much as it is the breadth of her life. I have been looking forward to this book for a long time, and at 67, Fonda remains a controversial icon and a person whose identity has evolved dramatically and not without her share of pain, sometimes self-inflicted. But this does not feel like a victim's tell-all, and frankly I'd have been surprised if it did as Fonda always strikes me as her father's daughter - impervious, principled, accomplished, preternaturally intelligent and gifted. As a result, the book feels more like a confessional about how she has reacted to the unexpected events in her life and how she has often been the impetus for many of the challenges she faced. Unlike her stoic father, she's not afraid to come across as self-absorbed, strident, sometimes overly cautious, and for all her intelligence, quite naive. The result is a believable portrait of a woman who has spent her entire life in the public eye, and for those reasons alone, her autobiography provides great value in revealing someone who takes accountability for both the successes and failures in her life.   Fonda confidently and convincingly divides her life into three acts, asserting that she is near the beginning of Act III. Act I starts with a classic Hollywood childhood gone awry by an emotionally isolated father and a mentally disturbed mother who committed suicide. Similar to her friend Brooke Hayward's 1977 memoir "Haywire", this portion of the book reveals a world of privilege disconnected from notions of self-worth. Dysfunction becomes a way of life and leads the young Fonda into an extended period of self-loathing (exemplified by her long-running eating disorders) and a fear of genuine intimacy. Growing into a beautiful woman and a rising actress in the Hollywood firmament, she appeared to be quite sexually active (in her words, "some pretty terrific fountains-of-Versailles-and fireworks sex!") but could not make herself emotionally available. This allowed her first husband, director Roger Vadim, to become her Svengali, ultimately leading her to the infamous soft-porn camp classic, "Barbarella".   As she and Vadim drifted into divorce, Fonda dove into politics with equal amounts passion and naivete. Often landing herself in hot water, she makes guarded apologies about her controversial trip to North Vietnam in 1972, but her political liberation kick-starts Act II, arguably her most fruitful period. She finally realized her potential as an actress winning two Oscars in the process and became involved with former Chicago Seven member, Tom Hayden. Despite his passion for economic democracy, he comes across as patronizing and sometimes quite cruel at a time when Fonda was coming into her own, as she became the queen of the workout video well before the concept became big business. The irony is that he resented her success even though the profits funded his political activities. Act II ends with her turbulent ten-year marriage to media mogul Ted Turner, a megalomaniac whom Fonda treats with respect and an occasional sense of regret. For all his out-of-control habits and predilections, he understood what she needed even though the world could not make sense as to why these two political opposites would marry. Act III shows her as active as ever, a born-again Christian reigniting her acting career after fifteen years and focusing on issues regarding adolescent reproductive health, sexuality and pregnancy. I am looking forward to what she'll do next.   This is not a perfect book. Her writing can fluctuate wildly in tone from being a mite too matter-of-fact to overwhelming in its use of self-conscious psychology and politically naive pontification. And I'm probably among the minority in wishing that she could have delved even deeper into her movies and the filmmaking process. These relatively minor flaws aside, one gets the sense of a complete, unfiltered person from this book. I remember very well her prancing around that cold attic apartment as an impetuous newlywed with Robert Redford in "Barefoot in the Park". And following her from that moment through all her different public personas has been quite a rollercoaster, but the journey certainly remains unparalleled among second-generation Hollywood progeny. Jane Fonda is indeed a remarkable woman unapologetic about the sometimes unwise decisions that have shaped her legacy. This is a fascinating memoir, and the paperback version also comes with a DVD with excerpts from her 2005 interview with James Lipton on "Inside the Actor's Studio".     