 Before his death in 1989, Laurence Olivier wrote one of the more entertaining autobiographies on being a master thespian, 1985's "Confessions of an Actor". There was a pervasive modesty in his tone that came across at times as rather disingenuous. Now sixteen years after his death, we are finally provided the authorized biography of the world's leading Shakespearean actor. Whether he was the greatest actor of the last century is more debatable and one that author Terry Coleman doesn't really address in terms of the actor's gallery of performances. Instead, culling from Olivier's personal papers, Coleman paints an exhaustive portrait of an impersonal, driven man who was ruthlessly determined to become the greatest actor who ever lived.  Born the son of a clergyman in 1907, Olivier had an unhappy childhood and became passionate about acting in school. He did not touch Shakespeare until fellow actor John Gielgud asked him to trade roles with him in an Old Vic production of "Romeo and Juliet". This was his turning point and by 1937, Olivier was doing Hamlet, Henry V and Twelfth Night at the Old Vic. He was also wildly in love with the 24-year-old Vivien Leigh, and their two-plus-decade relationship is the stuff of legend. Coleman meticulously examines all the dynamics between the condescending Olivier and the mercurial, self-destructive Leigh, even though Coleman obviously has no love reserved for Leigh. Despite her legendary successes as Scarlett O'Hara and Blanche DuBois, Olivier was far more of an actor, and their professional competitiveness - actually more on his side than hers - was the crux of their marriage.  To the end of her days, Leigh had a narrow range, while Olivier knew no challenge beyond him. She, however, was arguably the greater star, and bitterness and jealously seeped into their relationship, especially when they worked together onstage in the 1950's, and he tortured her with his perfectionism. Olivier left Leigh for actress Joan Plowright in 1960, and while this provided some stability in his life with three children, Coleman is quick to point out that Olivier was not significantly changed temperamentally. What did change were Olivier's priorities - he established the National Theater in England and started accepting parts in putrid movies like "The Betsy" and "Inchon" to support his children. Toward the end of his life, he focused his legacy on the stage even though he developed debilitating stage fright.  Coleman's book is fascinating, but the one drawback is that he doesn't provide a career retrospective worthy of his subject. Personal insights aside (and he does get into Oliver's purported bisexuality), the author doesn't really capture the greatness of the actor in his journalistic-style writing. Writing about such a flamboyant figure like Olivier seems like a radical departure for Coleman, who has written books on Horatio Nelson and English emigration to America. He has even seen Olivier onstage but surprisingly does not share his impressions in the book.  For someone like me who has enjoyed Olivier's performances in films such as "Wuthering Heights", "Rebecca" and "Sleuth", it's a bit of a disappointment.  Regardless, there are plenty of penetrating insights into this complex man, and it's well worth reading for those alone.     