 An erudite dilettante like writer David Foster Wallace would likely have me running away from him at a cocktail party, but on paper, his stream-of-consciousness curiosity and ribald sense of humor meld nicely into ten genuinely entertaining essays that sift through the minutiae of life which others would ignore and somehow bring meaning to all of what he observes. The topics vary greatly and have little to do with one another until you begin to realize they reflect one man's sensibilities and passions. Through the lucid expression of his seemingly bottomless curiosity, Wallace is able to achieve a sense of intimacy and a depth of honesty that allows him to get away with the omnibus nature of this book.  The all-over-the-map title essay where he provides a discourse on lobsters is a vivid illustration of Wallace's idiosyncrasies and a good litmus test of whether one has the patience to follow his belligerently fact-filled mind. First viewed as low-class food before the Industrial Revolution, lobsters were eaten only by the poor and institutionalized. So venal was the perceived taste that in the harsh penal environment of early America, some colonies had laws against feeding lobsters to inmates more than once a week because it was thought to be cruel and unusual, like making people eat rats. Then he shifts dramatically to talk about the pain response when lobsters are boiled, animal cruelty issues overall, the role of PETA, the de-beaking of chickens and how we have come about to eat other animals through euphemisms for edible mammals ("beef", "pork"). What starts out as an amusing essay on lobsters turns into a philosophical discussion on why other animals have to suffer to satisfy our own taste buds.  Such is Wallace's breadth of knowledge and investigative prowess that he can run the gamut on topics as diverse as Kafka; the pornography industry; the lack of honest disclosure in former tennis player Tracy Austin's ghost-written autobiography; John Updike; Bryan Garner's grammar primer, "A Dictionary of Modern English Usage"; a five-book life of Dostoyevsky; the state of contemporary talk radio; and John McCain's appeal across party lines during the 2000 election. His take-no-prisoners approach paints a picture of Updike that may rile his fans as Wallace explores the prolific author within the context of his contemporaries and mercilessly demonstrates the ongoing limitations of Updike's style in his depiction of his characters. On the other hand, Wallace focuses on the comedic side of Kafka, as Wallace feels the often bleak, surrealist author displays a centrifugal irony in his work, focused on the horrific struggle to establish a human self wherein humanity is inseparable from that horrific struggle.  My favorite essays relate to Garner's grammar book and McCain's appeal. In the former, Wallace explores territory that has preoccupied Lynne Truss in her popular book, "Eats, Shoots and Leaves", but he takes the topic several steps further into what he calls the "seamy underbelly", showing how current rules around grammar are tied up in the social issues defining our country now. It's a fascinating perspective that Truss did not really cover. The McCain essay is also quite enlightening. Having just read McCain's book, "Character Is Destiny: Inspiring Stories Every Young Person Should Know and Every Adult Should Remember", I have a better sense of why McCain has a broader appeal than our current President, even though he has many of the same reactionary positions. Wallace incisively shows how McCain gets to the core of political issues versus others more preoccupied with market-tested posturing. Be forewarned that Wallace does tend to get pedantic at times and meticulous in sourcing his information with even footnotes having footnotes. Regardless, it's the monomaniacal researcher that makes Wallace such an interesting fellow, and it's his sharp writing style that makes you want to pay attention to him. Highly recommended.     