 A novelist and political columnist, Mark Helprin writes with the steady hand of a meticulous craftsman in the telling of these sixteen stories of mortality and redemption. There is a pervasive sense of melancholy in each story, and although he displays his talent to evoke historical settings authentically to the last detail, Helprin faces a more significant challenge in providing depth and complexity to the characters he draws. He is masterful when it comes to precise and lucid explanations of events outside the human experience, whether it's the currents in the ocean or a play-by-play of a perfect baseball game. As a literary miniaturist, he can get into the minutiae of life, but there is an odd imbalance that results. While the characters of his stories speak with eloquent exactitude, they are less specific when it comes to their own emotions.  The stories are quite varied in setting. Several concern soldiers facing death during wartime, yet the climax of a story can happen without warning and then it uneventfully ends. For instance, in "Charlotte of the Utrechtseweg," a World War II Army major has a vivid flashback after being shot by a German soldier, regretting his abandonment of his daughter, and then dies without moving from the spot where he fell at the beginning. Other stories focus more on philosophical dilemmas, for example, men who have amassed the spoils of wealth attempt to atone for past excesses by willfully reversing their fortunes. Toward that end, Helprin can get so carried away with his descriptions of the burgeoning materialism that infiltrates some of his stories, that it plays like a Home and Garden TV special on how the wealthy live. In a tale called "Monday," a successful contractor pushes his business to the edge of bankruptcy in an attempt to console a woman who lost her husband during the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center. The contractor persuades his entire crew to work non-stop for free, and for his suppliers to donate only the best materials, so he can surprise the widow by renovating her co-op and leaving a bill on the mantle marked "Paid in Full." It plays almost like an episode of "Extreme Makeover" and skims the surface of the story just as much. Helprin gets into specifics about carpentry and construction at the expense of diving headlong into the torrents of emotion that you would think the characters are feeling, and then leads us to a pat ending. The story could have resonated as a parable about the possibility of redemption through sacrifice, but the fact that it leaves one wanting to point out the taste of the decorator suggests that Helprin falls short of the transcendence he attempts.  I still admire Helprin's craftsmanship, but with this collection, he is perceptibly not as involving when it comes to matters of the heart and soul. His stories read more like fables without an equal amount of attention paid to the human condition. Characters come off as stereotypes rather than people: males are brave and uncompromising, and most of his females are breathtakingly beautiful. Nonetheless, Helprin's writing can be exquisite, and sometimes he creates worlds so dark that the ameliorative power of wallowing in them is to allow readers to appreciate what they have. I only wish the author could have delved a little deeper into the human heart to make these stories really soar.     