 I didn't have many expectations going into this early 2005 movie since it seemed like one of those studio concoctions that give away the whole predictable plot in its trailer. For the most part, I am not mistaken in my preconceived notion, as this is indeed a featherweight romantic comedy wherein director Clare Kilner seems intent on doing a gender reversal on "Pretty Woman" with a heavy dollop of "Four Weddings and a Funeral" on top and even doing a sly tweak on the Walls of Jericho scene from "It Happened One Night". This is the kind of confection that depends almost entirely on the appeal of its star.  Luckily, Debra Messing has sharpened her comedy skills after years on the wonderful though sometimes wavering "Will & Grace" and gets a rare opportunity to carry a film on her own. She stars as Kat Ellis, a mid-thirtyish, Manhattan-based woman, who decides to hire Nick Mercer, a male escort chosen right out of the classifieds, in order to accompany her to her younger sister's London wedding where the best man is Jeffrey, Kat's ex-fiance, who dumped her after seven years. The Lifetime TV movie-like premise is as contrived as it sounds, but Messing - despite years of abuse from Jack and Karen on the small screen - is inarguably beautiful with a nice, self-deprecating awareness about her and an impressive gift for physical comedy. Truth be told, she is just another variation on Grace Adler without Grace's clinginess and screeching operetta singing voice.  Helping her keep things afloat is Dermot Mulroney, an actor who has kept himself under the radar for years but seems to alternate between high-profile chick flicks ("My Best Friend's Wedding") and more interesting fare ("About Schmidt"). He makes palatable his no-win role as the ideal man of the world by underplaying the stereotype and mostly observing the proceedings. The rest of the movie is hardly worth going into, except to say that first-time screenwriter Dana Fox provides some good lines, predictable plot turns, and an interesting and quite unexpected note of melancholy toward the inevitably happy ending. There are some amusing sideline performances, in particular, a brassy Sarah Parish as Kat's man-hungry best friend and Victor Ellis as her supportive stepfather. An underused Holland Taylor plays her typically vituperative character, this time as Kat's edgy mother.  The DVD extras seem pretty sparse and focused squarely on Messing. She offers the only voice on the alternate audio commentary track, and while she is likeable and as informative as she can be from her perspective, there is no one else to bounce thoughts against or provide more a of a behind-the-scenes perspective. If that is not enough, there is an eight-minute interview with Messing with film clips interspersed, and ten minutes of deleted scenes which I frankly did not bother to watch. This is all lighthearted fare which will not disappoint Messing's fans and anyone else in need of an undemanding, clich-ridden romance novel of a comedy.     