 The value placed on conformity within companies has been the traditional norm, though it is almost subliminally stated in passive language that emphasizes adhering to a certain set of corporate values. Take a look at a film like Billy Wilder's "The Apartment" if you want historical validation of this perspective or even this year's piercing documentary, "Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room", if you want a more current example. In direct contrast and in a most refreshing manner, Michael A. Roberto, a Harvard Business School professor, describes the toll on organizations when leaders fail to create an atmosphere that invites dissent. In compelling examples ranging from the Cuban missile crisis to the Columbia space shuttle tragedy, he clearly outlines concrete steps that managers at all levels can take to spark positive conflict and make sure that all views get a fair hearing. Moreover, Roberto outlines a fair and open process for making more effective decisions.  It is not too surprising how pervasive a "no" organization exists in today's economy given the conservative measures taken by leadership to maintain their power base and wealth. Such companies do not employ dissenting voices as a means of encouraging divergent thinking. Instead, they enable those who disagree with a proposal to shut off dialogue and discourage interesting avenues of inquiry. Such cultures do not provide an incentive for dissenters to defend their views with data and logic or even more importantly, explain how their objections are consistent with organization-wide goals as opposed to the interests of their more immediate divisions. As Enron proved, a culture of "no" enables those with the most power or the loudest voice to impose their will. Roberto points out that the first barrier leaders need to recognize is that expressing dissent can be very difficult and uncomfortable for lower-level managers and employees. Consequently, rather than waiting for dissent to come to them, leaders need to actively seek it out in their organizations. Searching for constructive dissidents remains at odds with the existence of passive leadership since by its nature, it constitutes a substantial barrier to candid dialogue and debate within organizations.  Analysis paralysis can fossilize a company more focused on improving quarterly results. Nearly all decisions made by an organization are analyzed by whether they worked or not, which redirects the focus to one of trying to choose the "right outcome".  As an alternative, Roberto focuses on how to form the right environment to allow good decisions to be made.  For example, the role of Morton Thiokol in the Columbia space shuttle accident shows how the environment surrounding key decisions led to outcomes that varied greatly in their effectiveness.  Roberto advocates a consensus style of decision making where all issues are openly discussed and debated without worry of political ramifications. As most of us know who have struggled in a corporate environment, implementation of such practices can be onerous. Whether through either forceful personality or complete abdication of responsibility, too many important decisions are hamstrung by lack of input due to fear or intimidation.  Roberto's techniques really show how a leader can learn to structure an organization to get the type of free-flowing information exchange that ensures all information is available prior to a choice being made. Leaders can and should take concrete steps to build conflict into their decision-making processes. Roberto has some excellent tips for moving in this direction, for example, asking a set of managers to role-play the firm's competitors in a series of meetings so as to surface and test a set of core strategic assumptions. Another good one is assigning someone to play the devil's advocate so as to ensure that a thorough critique and risk assessment of a proposal has been conducted before moving forward. By inducing vigorous and open debate, leaders avoid the guessing game of trying to discern whether or not people truly agree with a choice that has been made.  The author also realizes and accurately points out that there are different types of leadership techniques that have to be employed at different times with various groups. It's a fine line for leaders to gauge their participation effectively but one in which the resulting decisions will be of a much higher quality and outcome. When leaders are successful in establishing a climate of openness, and they make constructive conflict a habit in the organization, such behaviors will need to be sustained over time. Conflict becomes a fundamental element of a firm's strategic planning process, and the process continues to retain the same atmosphere of vigorous debate. Roberto illuminates how the most effective leaders have to teach the attributes of good process, model those attributes, and coach future leaders in their implementation.     