 For all its surface grittiness, this 2002 movie feels very much like a beatific fable, which I'm sure is the intention of "My Left Foot" director Jim Sheridan, who co-wrote the screenplay with his two daughters, Naomi and Kirsten, based on his own life.  In fact, the movie's title doesn't feel literal but more allegorical, as America becomes a symbol for all the opportunities that have evaporated elsewhere in the world. The plot focuses on Johnny and Sarah, who along with their two young daughters, Christy and Ariel, have arrived in the United States in the early eighties from Ireland via Canada. After a dodgy border crossing, they end up in a large tenement apartment in Hell's Kitchen. We find out that they just lost a son and that the whole purpose of their moving is for Johnny to fulfill his dream of being an actor. Given their suddenly hardscrabble existence in New York, it does seem rather idealistic that he would not face any repercussion from his wife for choosing such an unstable profession. However, uplift seems to be Sheridan's agenda here, and luckily, the wondrous Samantha Morton plays Sarah with such honest conviction that the situation doesn't seem remotely contrived.   There are the inevitable setbacks along the way, in particular, dwindling finances, a risky pregnancy, catastrophic hospital expenses and a crisis in faith. But random acts of kindness and sheer luck get the family through the darker passages of their existence, whether it is going to see the movie E.T. at the local air-conditioned theater when their own air conditioner breaks down, or Johnny vying for a much-sought-after E.T. doll at the arcade (a thrilling scene), or the girls meeting an unsuspecting savior in the form of an initially angry artist neighbor named Mateo. Secretly dying of AIDS, Mateo becomes an angelic figure to the family, and even though Djimon Hounsou is alternately striking and touching in the role, his dramatic transformation from anger to unmitigated joy feels much more like a plot device than an authentic change. It certainly doesn't help to have a saccharine scene of him making angels in the snow with the girls. But such lapses in credibility are forgivable given how Sheridan has otherwise created many small poignant moments that give the film a realistic edge making the immigrant experience come vitally alive. He also has the good sense to cast two wonderfully unaffected children as the girls - 11-year old Sarah Bolger plays the serious-minded Christy with her red camcorder, while seven-year old Emma Bolger is a bundle of sparkling energy as the sunny Ariel. Sarah Bolger, in particular, provides some of the most emotionally true moments in the film, whether plaintively singing "Desperado" at the school pageant or admitting that no one seems to recognize she lost something precious when her brother died. As Johnny, Paddy Considine bounces off the other actors effectively, but he remains the most cryptic in motive since his passion for acting is never really articulated with respect to his family. Relatively minor flaws aside, Sheridan has made an ultimately heartwarming film that perfectly captures family dynamics in a strange land.     