 Another recording of Leonard Bernstein's classic would hardly seem necessary given the legendary status accorded the recordings of the Broadway and Hollywood versions, but this one, recorded days after 9/11, is well worth a listen if only to hear the original score even before it was adjusted for its Broadway debut. In fact, some of the changes in arrangement and lyrical content, for example, the extra verse on "Tonight", are startling to hear since they are so well etched in our respective memories. This bargain-priced Naxos disc is not the definitive version of the score, but I think it is a step up from the far more vaunted version Bernstein himself conducted in 1984 with full operatic voices. Serious miscasting hampers that recording, especially Jose Carreras unable to submerge his Iberian accent to be effective as Tony and an overripe Kiri Te Kanawa trying desperately to sound like a delicate Latina.  Here the voices sound appropriately younger with tenor Mike Eldred a particularly winning Tony. Soprano Betsi Morrison has a nice bell-like quality to her voice, which matches beautifully with Eldred's on the duets and on her haunting rendition of "I Have a Love", though sometimes her faux-Puerto Rican accent fails her. Tenor Robert Dean does an energetic turn as Riff, though I have to express my disappointment with mezzo-soprano Marianne Cooke's phrasing, which seems a tad too slow and sonorous for such a fiery role like Anita. Michelle Prentice does a fine version of "Somewhere", though her tremolo reminds me too much of Sarah Brightman's overly ornate style.  One-time Bernstein protege Kenneth Schermerhorn leads the Nashville Symphony Orchestra with appropriate fervor, and for the most part, the playing is superb. Where the musicians fail is in maintaining the rhythmic drive on the most famous non-ballads like "Jet Song", "Cool", and especially "Quintet Tonight" which sounds off-tempo due to a heavy emphasis on vocal articulation. This strange misstep, which happens a little too often throughout, makes the venture feel more like a recital than a dramatic musical. Even with these flaws, it's still an admirable recording for the purity of the effort. I suppose I just miss the finger-snapping braggadocio and ballet-like high kicks that make this musical truly transcendent.     