 Author Erik Larson has written a perfectly enthralling book that provides a fascinating glimpse into a defining point in U.S. history, the 1893 World's Fair in Chicago, which was more famously known as the Columbian Exhibition, built to celebrate the 400th anniversary of Columbus' discovery of the New World. With the confluence of historical facts, famous figures and a clandestine series of crimes, this book reminds me a lot of the full-blooded, colorful world painted by E.L. Doctorow in his classic, "Ragtime". But unlike Doctorow's historical fiction, this is decidedly non-fiction and all the more powerful for it. For those who didn't know (including me before this book), the Columbian Exposition introduced the way electricity would be delivered to our homes, zippers and automatic dishwashers, the eight-hour workday, the Ferris Wheel, even the Pledge of Allegiance. But more pertinent to the story, it also represented a touchstone for modern American architecture and urban design, which culminated in the construction of the so-called White City. Built against what seemed to be insurmountable odds, the White City was an essential part of the fair because it gave reason to eradicate the physical and emotional devastation left by the Great Fire nearly a quarter century earlier. The main themes of the White City were scale, harmony, and ensemble, attributes that reflected the aspirations of Americans at the time. The architectural style used was the Beaux Arts style inspired in part by the recently built Eiffel Tower. As intriguing as all this history is, this is only half the story Larson tells in vivid detail.  Larson illustrates the journey of two men running parallel yet morally opposing existences, physically within close proximity of each other. One man is Daniel Burnham, the legendary architect who doggedly pursued his even more famous colleagues (like Frederick Law Olmsted and Louis Sullivan) to join him in the Chicago venture.  Through Burnham's eyes, we see in impressive detail the creation and construction of the fair itself. The other man is the cold and charismatic H.H. Holmes, who killed somewhere between 27 and 200 people while the fair was going on. In what turns out to be a too-true-to-be-believed account, Larson describes the meticulous planning and forethought of Holmes in building a "World's Fair Hotel" just west of the fairgrounds. Only part of the hotel, however, was given over to offices and lodging. The portion of the building given over to a dissection table, gas chamber and crematorium was an area that was generally known to the public until it was far too late for Holmes' many victims, most of whom were young women.  Almost like a Henry James novel, the author writes in a robust, fulsome style that seems fitting for the period of the events, but he also becomes subtle and incisive when he focuses on the men and those around them. Larson effectively alternates chapters so that you end up with an interwoven biography of both Burnham and Holmes, with a satisfying denouement that describes the lonely trek of the detective who ultimately solved the murders. What is ultimately most interesting is how much Burnham and Holmes have in common, Both were insatiably ambitious for power, one in full view of the world, the other in the solitude of his own lair. Like Doctorow, Larson brings in actual historical figures to fortify the book's authenticity. Such disparate folks as labor leader Samuel Gompers and suffragist Susan B. Anthony turn up, along with cameos by Helen Keller, Theodore Dreiser and others. What results is a thoughtfully painted portrait of a lost era and a place almost lost in history, an America that simply does not exist anymore except for the sensibilities that inspired it. Larson seamlessly brings all the disparate elements of humanity into a wonderful piece of non-fiction. Strongly recommended.     