 Now that I have completed and sent off my absentee ballot hopefully to elect our 44th President, it feels like a good time to go back and review our first one with this insightful biography. Author Joseph Ellis builds an intriguing psychological profile of George Washington that goes well behind his mythology replete with powdered wig, wooden teeth and a cherry tree honestly chopped.  As a result, Washington comes across as a rather impersonal man with natural leadership ability, a controlling tendency and a questioning moralist. In other words, he would have fit right in as a 21st century politician.   Through meticulous research newly catalogued at the University of Virginia and also through some of his own speculative abilities, Ellis delves into Washington's formative experiences, romantic life, sources of wealth, and evolving repugnance toward slavery. His bitterness toward the British is also explored in great detail and apparently, it started when his status as a vast landowner was diminished by shrinking prices for his crops relative to the soaring profits realized overseas. It's interesting to see how the author concludes that the economic angle provided much of the impetus for driving Washington's leadership in the Revolution. But this is not an expose...Ellis does not debunk Washington as a war hero, as his description of the Revolution is revealing, especially as he describes Washington's gift for rallying soldiers under the most dire of circumstances, specifically the mythic Valley Forge of the winter of 1777-78. Nor does Ellis shortchange Washington's ability to shape the unprecedented and undefined role of a U.S. President, uniting a group of bickering states and herding them toward national unity. But the most interesting part of the book is when Ellis addresses Washington's moral dilemma over slavery. Even more than Jefferson, Washington was a man who felt great guilt over owning slaves, and Ellis describes vividly the arrangements he made to free his slaves after his death. Surprisingly, little is discussed of his romantic relationships either with Sally Fairfax or his courtship and eventual marriage to Martha Dandridge Custis. Regardless, this book gives me a greater appreciation of Washington as a man as well as a myth. Highly recommended for U.S. history buffs.     