 Felicity Huffman gives, hands down, one of the sharpest and bravest performances this year as Sabrina "Bree" Osbourne, a LA-based transsexual a week away from his/her final operation to rid himself/herself of the genitalia that reminds him/her that he/she was once an unhappy man named Stanley. However, this is not an extended, over-the-top comedy skit, nor a preachy social commentary film on changing sexual roles. Rather, it is an often ribald farce that gains its dramatic resonance from the spiraling convolutions of the plot and an unexpected poignancy at key moments along the way.  With his first feature-length film, director-writer Duncan Tucker has fashioned a spirited road movie that matches Bree with the 17-year old son he/she ever knew existed, Toby, a homeless, teenaged delinquent who was the product of Stanley's fumbling attempt at sexual relations with a long-ago girlfriend who recently died. A true odd couple along the lines of Walter Salles's "Central Station", Bree and Toby make a cross-country trek from New York, where Toby was in custody, back to LA. It all sounds pretty contrived. However, in conveying Bree's prim manner, academic wellspring of knowledge and droll humor, Huffman grounds the film with an amazingly convincing impersonation of a man on the threshold of becoming a woman physically and struggling to keep up with the gender transition emotionally.  Tucker wisely paints Bree's menial job as a telemarketer as a way to disclose that Stanley has been struggling for years to build the self-worth to become a woman, and Huffman responds with her character's weary demeanor and tense posture. In what could have been a minefield of burlesque comedy opportunities, there is not a single false note in her acting, as she makes the controlled lady-like movements and studied vocal intonations believable traits of Bree. She is also made up simply without fuss (an expert job by Jason Hayes) to look credibly like she is precariously on the male-female border with a constant fear of falling back to her character's old self.  Fortunately, Huffman is surrounded by a strong supporting cast. Although he often seems to be channeling Edward Furlong and Leonardo Di Caprio in portraying Toby's sullenness, Kevin Zegers captures his character's confusion and angst with emotional accuracy. Tucker also wisely uses some wonderful, under-the-radar actors in key roles - Elizabeth Pea (whom I have not seen since her poignant turn in John Sayles's 1996 "Lone Star") as Bree's strong-minded therapist Margaret; Graham Greene (Kicking Bird in "Dances with Wolves") as Bree's wishful suitor Calvin Manygoats in a sweetly rendered episode of unrequited love; and a surprisingly laid-back Burt Young (Paulie in all the Rocky films) and an especially histrionic Fionnula Flanagan as Bree's parents heavy in denial over their offspring's decision.  In fact, Young, Flanagan and Carrie Preston as Bree's cynical, addiction-recovering sister Sidney are all hilarious in the movie's comedy peak as the dysfunctional family from hell when Bree and Toby barely make it to her hometown, Phoenix, prior to her operation. The family feeds almost too easily into Bree's self-doubt but ultimately acts as most families do when crises occur. The film has a few serious moments that veer toward melodrama to heighten the revelations involved, but Tucker thankfully does not belabor them, favoring instead the shrewd, absurdist comedy elements. This is definitely an unexpected gem worth seeking out.     