 Even without the visuals, the buoyancy and sassy humor of the Broadway musical is well captured in this original cast recording. Having just enjoyed the show last weekend, I didn't know what to expect beforehand since the brief snippets I had seen on TV looked rather unpromising. The show turns out to be a funny, energetic and slightly raunchy send-up of the contrived conversations you would see on "Sesame Street" back in the 1970's when characters are trying to provide life lessons to attentive toddlers. The premise even goes as far as using puppets that look like cast-offs from the legendary PBS program with doppelgangers for the Cookie Monster and Bert & Ernie. Like a far sunnier version of "Rent" but without the specter of AIDS, the paper-thin story is really a series of episodes centered on a group of people living in a downscale New York neighborhood as they bond and sing of their struggles and dreams.  The music by Robert Lopez and Jeff Marx is bouncy and often clever, and the cast performs in classic Broadway style. The lighter ensemble songs like "It Sucks to Be Me", "Everyone's a Little Bit Racist" and "The Money Song" recall older musicals by Comden and Green with clever lyrics juxtaposed with memorable choruses. Soloing on "Mix Tape" and the sweetly aching "There's a Fine, Fine Line", Stephanie D'Abruzzo is a particular standout in the dual role of lovestruck kindergarten assistant Kate Monster and man-eating chanteuse Lucy the Slut. Even though she has to affect an exaggerated faux-Asian accent, Ann Harada is a comic gem as aspiring relationship counselor Christmas Eve especially when she sings "The More You Ruv Someone" with surprising pipes.  As the Muppet knockoffs paying vocal tribute to Frank Oz, Rick Lyon bulldozes through the hilarious "The Internet Is for Porn" as Trekkie Monster, while he delights as Nicky intent on outing uptight investment banker Rod on "If You Were Gay". John Tartaglia shines on the optimistic "Purpose" as neighborhood newcomer Princeton and as Rod on "My Girlfriend Who Lives in Canada". Natalie Venetia Belcon plays, believe it or not, child star Gary Coleman all grown up and relegated to the role of building superintendent. She leads the Motown-driven "You Can Be as Loud as the Hell You Want (When You're Makin' Love)" and duets with Lyon on the word-of-the-day "Schadenfreude". Even if you prefer the sophistication of Sondheim or the overheated bombast of Lloyd Webber, it is hard to dismiss this confection even with all its rampant silliness and political incorrectness.     