 Even though his tone can get as pedantic and aggravated as any right-wing televangelist, MSNBC political commentator Bill Press has penned a passionate tome about the Bush administration's current breaching of the separation between church and state. A lifelong Catholic and a product of Catholic schools, he has built his credibility from his ten years in a Catholic seminary, as well as his extensive career in politics and on cable news. The fading demarcation between church and state is a topic that weighs heavily on me and many concerned Americans who are sadly witnessing the sad deconstruction of the First Amendment.  With this book, Press's response is to fight fire with fire by arguing that left-leaning Christians should reframe liberal stances with the language of values and morality. Like Jimmy Carter, whose book, "Our Endangered Values: America's Moral Crisis" covers similar theological territory, there is no question regarding the sincerity of Press's Christian faith, nor how it determines his politics. The author gives the vivid impression of a man honestly attempting to understand why religious voters would be attracted to Bush and the Republican Party, and he pulls no punches in recounting the Republican march toward a theocratic nation. The religious right, he states emphatically, has misused Christianity and re-invented the church as a political propaganda machine. He feels that the conservative evangelists, beginning with Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson, have taken advantage of the media limelight to banish any hell-bound dissidents to their interpretation of the Bible.  To provide a historical context for his convictions, Press points out that it is not accurate to think that our founding fathers were devout Christians who fought the European imperialists to become a Christian nation. In fact, he tells us, for example, that Washington was a Mason and a deist and that Jefferson created his own version of the Gospels with every reference to the divinity of Jesus removed. However, the author points out that these facts do not translate into a nation without values and that we have consistently placed the highest priority on individual freedom. The distinction he makes is how Democrats, to their detriment, are not sourcing this privilege to some prescribed official religion as the Republicans are. There is irony raised as to how we became concurrently the most free and most religious nation on earth, but he makes no bones that this didn't happen by accident and that the First Amendment allows individual rights and religious freedom to co-exist.  Press expands his scope to show how the religious right has shaped policy around the Iraq War, the death penalty, abortion, stem cell research, gay rights, intelligent design and the gap between rich and poor. He presents facts and logic lucidly, though I wish he spent more time discussing why so many people of faith are not turned off by Bush's religious references or why the President's support of school prayer and Bible reading adds to their confidence in his leadership. Looking at his administration, one can see a puritanical state which espouses values and dictates policies which have been co-opted currently by an ideologically extreme agenda that leans severely to the right. They are the ones who see Bush as a man who views the world from the perspective of eternity and blindly trust him for it. Instead, Press takes a broader shot at Republicans overall as being misrepresentative of Christian morality. This is the one flaw in Press's line of thinking - the scope of who is responsible for the current political and religious malaise.  Press strongly believes that Democratic Party policies need to be more in tune with Christian morality and that they are overdue to stand up and publicly proclaim their belief in Christian morality. He sees this positioning as the only way to win back the religiously active vote. There is credence to Press's thinking, but I tend to agree more with political science professors Jacob S. Hacker and Paul Pierson, who contend in their book, "Off Center: The Republican Revolution and the Erosion of American Democracy ", that most of the American public is, in fact, moderate. They believe targeting the moderate middle is the key, and I don't disagree. Regardless, there is genuine fire and passion in Press's words, and unlike others who pontificate about the moral decay of this country, he is willing to take an unpopular stand to do right by the country and simultaneously push the political barometer leftward.     