 Gourmet magazine's editor-in-chief Ruth Reichl provides a sometimes funny and often insightful account of her days back in the nineties as the New York Times food critic, certainly one of the most influential culinary posts in the world. She obviously did not take this responsibility lightly judging from the amount of effort she went through to disguise herself in restaurants she had to review in order to avoid preferential treatment. In fact, one of her more intriguing insights is how a fine dining experience can and should be the great economic leveler, and her disguises would often reflect a lower socioeconomic status or an out-of-place temperament, including pretending to be her own mother. No matter whom you are, according to Reichl, you can walk in and place your credit card on the bill tray, and for however long you want to be at a formal restaurant, you can be anyone you want to be. Like a paid fantasy come true with no emotional repercussions, one of the big reasons people go out to eat is to have that experience of being glamorous and wealthy. Reichl understands this concept clearly, and she is enthusiastic about helping people appreciate what they're going to experience in the way that any good film, art or dance critics can.  Her zeal can be infectious, especially as she breaks with tradition and explores ethnic food in the outer boroughs of New York with creative abandon. Her approach apparently did come at a price as she has made enemies at the Times and among those who had come to expect four-star ratings from the paper. When she describes her courage in facing her adversaries head-on, Reichl can come across as smug and sometimes cloying in her attempts to deflate egos, even though she offsets those comments with discourses on colleagues she truly does love and respect. Moreover, she fluently displays a breadth of knowledge about the overall trends in the American culinary movement of the last quarter century. The author doesn't quite have the been-there-done-that tone of Anthony Boudrain in his books, "Kitchen Confidential" and "A Cook's Tour", nor does she have the idiosyncratic wit of Alan Richman in his eclectic food travel tome, "Fork It Over". But Reichl's book does lend a uniquely personal perspective, is it is as much about politics at the New York Times as it is about food, an almost professional survival manual that would serve both present-day foodies and future food critics equally well.     