 The title of this movie does not refer to the story's setting, at least not until the very end. Rather it is a metaphor for a complex and confusing place that is best left alone lest one ends up getting hurt. It's hard to imagine a better period crime drama than "Chinatown". In what remains his career-best film (in spite of his recent and amazingly first Oscar win for "The Pianist"), Roman Polanski made a neo-noir masterpiece in 1974 full of elaborate plot twists, morally ambiguous characters and moody, authentic-feeling atmosphere. This movie is not a tribute to film noir as has been concluded by casual viewers, it's a complete reinvention of that genre into a more complex mindset thanks to Robert Towne's superbly written script.  Having just completed the crudely funny "The Last Detail" and going next to his Oscar-winning "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest", Jack Nicholson was on a career-high roll when he played Jake Gittes, a struggling private eye in 1937 Los Angeles. Even in the midst of such an accolade-laden career, this is my favorite of his performances probably because he plays the role so against expectation. Bogart has so clearly etched the world-weary, dame-slapping gumshoe in our collective memories that Nicholson decided to take a less obvious approach here. He plays the detective as a relatively decent guy, who treats his often unsavory job as an honorable profession, even if he has to grub around to serve his clients. In walks Evelyn Mulwray, a mysterious woman with many secrets, who also happens to be the wife of the LA County water commissioner. But is it the real Mrs. Mulwray? What seems like a straightforward adultery case becomes much more as Gittes gets involved with the then-scandalous San Fernando land buying conspiracy, corruption around water politics and of course, murder. In what has to be her career-best performance as well, Faye Dunaway is picture-perfect as Evelyn with her pencil eyebrows, iron-shingled coiffure and cool aura of heightened glamour and deceit. The surprising element to her character is that she looks so right as a femme fatale, and yet she exposes herself as a much more complex person full of emotional scars and trembling self-denial. As her backstory is divulged to both Gittes and the viewer, it becomes clear that her sophisticated veneer has shattered into a desperate scramble to escape her fate and exposes the purest of motives. It's a memorable transformation. In fact, the real core of evil in the story emanates from her father, Noah Cross, a charmer who hides a deeply disturbing soul. Polanski chose director John Huston to play Cross, and it's an inspired choice as he, of course, directed several classics of the same ilk - "The Maltese Falcon", "Key Largo", "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre". This in-depth understanding of the genre allows Huston to imbue Cross with the right spirit, enabling him to essay the part perfectly - a thoroughly amoral individual whose apparent good nature can't conceal the stench of corruption that clings to him.  The main plotline has Cross and some others planning an elaborate scam to dry up the San Fernando valley by diverting water away from it, then buying up the land cheaply, then re-diverting the water back to the valley, so the property becomes fertile and the price skyrockets. Evelyn's husband has the misfortune to figure out what's going on, and now Jake, following the dead man's trail, comes to the same conclusions. A young girl enters the picture, originally thought to be Cross' mistress, but her identity is far more convoluted. Of course, the disclosure of her identity becomes the point of one of cinema's most unforgettable confrontation scenes between Jake and Evelyn. At the end of the film, Gittes stands by helpless as the woman he has tried to save dies violently despite his best efforts because there are no sure things in the world of "Chinatown" and certainly no predictable endings. All the period flavor is impeccable from John A. Alonzo's burnished gold-and-brown-hued cinematography to Jerry Goldsmith's moody, insinuating musical score to W. Stewart Campbell's spot-on art direction. A monumental achievement strongly recommended.     