 The crackling, whip-smart dialogue provided by master film auteur Billy Wilder and supreme crime novelist Raymond Chandler is what makes this 1944 film noir such a timeless classic, certainly among the very best of the genre. Considering this was just the third film he directed, Wilder is already at the top of his game here in this adaptation of a James Cain novella about a sleazy hotshot insurance man named Walter Neff, who is out to renew an auto insurance claim with a wealthy oil driller named Dietrichson. The man isn't home but his lethally cool wife Phyllis is, and the sexual combustion between them is palpable from the moment they meet. Told in flashback, the story unfolds constant layers of duplicity by stupid, morally bankrupt people - which is why this film is so much fun to watch, simply because the behavior is twisted in a rather exaggerated manner that makes you cringe and laugh at the same time.  It certainly helps that Wilder cast three actors who turn in exemplary performances. In an about-face from his usually genial roles, Fred MacMurray is surprisingly effective as a man weakened by his passions and seeking salvation far too late. It's easily his best screen work at least until Wilder cast him as the immoral, adulterous office boss in another classic, "The Apartment", sixteen years later. Calculating and seductive in a cheap blond wig and a provocative anklet, Barbara Stanwyck personifies the hard-boiled dame with a brilliant turn as Phyllis. She is the role model for all femme fatales that came after her - including Kathleen Turner's star-making turn in "Body Heat" nearly forty years later. Walter and Phyllis claim to be in love, so much so that they plot to kill her husband for the insurance. But there is no love between these two - just reciprocal contempt. She's just a conquest to him, and he's a pawn to her. What's more, their plan is ridiculous. Neff breaks her husband's neck, and then they plant him on the railroad tracks to imply he fell off the back of a 15 mile per hour train after taking out a policy that pays double for a death on a train. As the most decent person of an unseemly lot, Edward G. Robinson portrays Barton Keyes, a wily insurance investigator who likes Walter in spite of himself and the revelations about him. It all ends the way you would expect but in such a darkly humorous way that it's enjoyable just to see how. The DVD has long been out-of-print unfortunately and contains no extras.     