 As a second-generation Japanese-American, I have to say this book's title intrigued me enough to read renowned Australian author Peter Carey's account of his trip to Japan with his manga-addicted, 12-year old son, Charley. Initially, the trip appears to be the author's valiant attempt to find a means to bond with his son, but as the story unfolds, it becomes clear that Carey has a broader agenda in mind as he pursues his own interest in Japanese history and culture, as filtered through the uniquely Japanese perspective of comic books and animation. Manga and its cinematic translation, anime, become an intriguing, idiosyncratic but sometimes frustrating key toward unlocking Japanese culture, even as Carey stumbles across the generational divide between father and son.  Even though this is a memoir with admittedly fictionalized elements (pay heed, James Frey), Carey uses his natural gift as a novelist to flesh out his appetite for information in an atmosphere of constant elusiveness and disorientation. Similar to what Elizabeth Gilbert does quite well in her personal travel book, "Eat, Pray, Love: One Woman's Search for Everything Across Italy, India and Indonesia", he captures the mini-dramas that characterize travel outside one's own culture. However, where he diverges from Gilbert is in an almost journalistic approach to his highly personalized journey. His perspective seems too objective and uninvolved as he gradually discovers manga on his own terms with a rather guarded enthusiasm. He seems far more interested in how manga and anime fit into Japan's cultural history dating back to the birth of kabuki.  Going back to the samurai period, Carey writes extensively about the craft of the sword maker, the impact of Commodore Perry in opening Japan to Western influences and vice-versa, and ultimately, the modernization that melded East and West. His portrayal even includes discussions of the pre-WWII fervor toward militarization and aggression and the post-war economic revival as Japan emerged as the world's electronics superpower only to see good fortune dwindle in the face of global competition and an unstable market. It's all interesting but too all-encompassing to gain a more personal perspective on Carey's personal plight. Charley, on the other hand, is portrayed lovingly as a great sport in his own attempts to bridge the cultural fissures. Attempting the culinary exotica of sushi and sashimi and the residential challenges of tatami-matted rooms, he embraces the changes without complaint and even has the foresight to meet, via the Internet, a punked-out, Harujuku-dressed teenager named Takashi. The two bond naturally to the point where Charley assimilates into the whole anime culture of Japan on his own terms, while his father is forever trying to unearth the significance of the manga-anime culture.  The author suggests that while his generation is doomed to continue to be wrong about Japan, Charley's generation can work off a visceral energy around the often confusing artifacts of modern Japanese culture without the burden of antagonistic history and cultural prejudice. It's a valid theme to explore, but I feel Carey's elusive behavior about himself is just too pronounced in the book to involve us personally in his revelations. At the end of it all, the book is simply an abject study in generation gaps and cultural differences, and it leaves us with the open-ended conclusion that there's a lot to learn about both his son and Japan. I almost wish the author narrowed his scope to the road trip aspects, which he vividly illuminates through his writing, rather than repeatedly admitting his lack of understanding of Japanese culture.     