 Presiding over our nation's largest economic growth period, Bill Clinton's former Secretary of Treasury under Robert Rubin has written an insightful book on how he was able to formulate fiscally conservative policies in face of great uncertainties and reduce the budget deficit. While it is ostensibly a personal memoir, the book has a far greater purpose and if the Bush administration would listen, a strong relevance to the problems we face today in enacting economic policy, which could bring our deficit down. Rubin explains how he uses "probabilistic decision making", assigning likelihood to various potential outcomes. This is how he dealt with the Asian financial crisis of the nineties, when he decided that with some reforms, the emerging economies of Thailand and other nations were basically sound - and needed a credit guarantee in the near term to roll over debts and resume growth.  But the far more interesting part of the book is his comprehensive description of how Rubin worked on reducing our federal deficit from the high spending, low tax years of the Reagan and elder Bush presidencies. It was a commitment Clinton made, and the question among his advisors was how long should it take to realize a surplus. Rubin highlights the serious political risk that the public would not understand the importance to the U.S. economy of reducing the deficit, especially when compared to easily grasped programs such as health care and education. It was not a tangible course of action to most, especially in how it would feed into the strong economy of the late nineties. As Rubin spells out clearly, if interest rates didn't drop, the economy kick-start, or foreign investments pour in, the political cost to Clinton could have been huge. The aggressive deficit reduction plan they embarked on was based on a thoroughly investigated debate where all sides had their point of view heard, unfortunately not a concept that appears to be tested by the current administration. This is valuable insight to anyone who wants to understand how democratic processes, when performed correctly and with conviction on the face of uncertainty, can reward itself with economic benefit. I highly recommend reading this thorough account of our nation's political and economic history during the Clinton years, as it appears those in power now are doomed to learn Rubin's lessons the hard way....and we unfortunately will be paying for those mistakes for years to come.     