 Unlike Christopher Anderson's didactic and misbegotten "American Evita", political insider-turned-outsider Dick Morris takes a more full-blooded tact in dissecting Hillary Clinton that by the end of the book, represents a more balanced view of her public and at least semi-private selves. I'm sure this incisive portrayal is causing rancor among extremists on both sides, most particularly among those who see her as the only hope for the Democratic Party should Kerry face defeat, Edwards notwithstanding. But by peeling her layer by layer like an onion, Morris effectively approaches his subject as a more complete person than she does herself in "Living History", which in hindsight, seemed too simplistic a portrait of a woman caught in the course of history and unforeseen personal struggles. Given the comically spliced cover photo on Morris' book, I was fully expecting a complete trashing of her autobiography. Instead, it felt more like an unabridged version of her own book, the warts-and-all version that would have never saw the light of day had her political advisors gotten a hold of a draft.   In what Morris views as her intensely focused quest to become President, Hillary Clinton is shaping her own destiny in spite of the highly unusual circumstances that have led to her current success. As we know, she achieved her greatest fame as a professionally emancipated, then personally scorned First Lady. Despite living in the constant shadow of her far more charismatic husband, she was elected U.S. senator for a state with which she had little previous familiarity or interest, having seized a prime opportunity when Rudolph Guiliani's health forced him to drop out. But through her own talent in creating an image of a powerful leader and decision-maker, she has flourished as the next Democratic presidential contender, even though she remains a cipher to us when it comes to her vision and values. She is obviously devoted to the party line and continues to back her husband, but we don't really know her. Judging from this book, we never will. And therein lies the rub that Morris is trying to exacerbate in this book. He exposes an insecure woman who exaggerates and fabricates stories on the national campaign trail, but at the same time, he praises her professional acumen, leadership and organized management skills. The combination of her talents became the ideal complement to her husband during their White House years, and one at least understands why they are so well partnered politically if not personally. Having known the Clintons for over 25 years, Morris has credibility, and he exhibits this throughout by being as upfront about her positive qualities as well as her negative traits.  Although by no means a flattering portrait, it is also not a completely unfair one, as Morris makes greater sense of her complexity and ambition and goes further than anyone else, including Hillary Clinton herself, in explaining why she induces such extreme reactions. With sometimes piercing insight, a good sense of humor and a little dime-store psychoanalysis thrown in, Morris actually makes his subject a more fully rounded person and perhaps unintentionally, not necessarily an unfavorable one compared to many of her colleagues. Given the limited truths and skewed perspectives that surround our current presidential candidates in other best sellers, that's probably a good thing for the rest of us to know as we consider our options in the 2008 election.     