 Soprano Rene Fleming caught her listeners off-guard with her languorous mezzo-range tones on her last solo recording, "Haunted Heart", a pop-jazz confection released just this past May. She is back to more traditional form with this collection of spiritual and religious material, and while her voice is as fulsome as ever with a bright coloratura, the predictable song selection fails to stretch Fleming beyond her already formidable capabilities. From the sonorous opening notes of Bach/Gounod's "Ave Maria" to Mark O'Connor's mournful violin on the closer "Amazing Grace", the recording has a pervasive lack of spontaneity that feels too familiar to achieve a well-earned sense of musical bliss. Granted there are gems, but this time, they seem fewer and farther between than in previous discs.   Really to her detriment and probably as a concession to her label, Fleming covers well-trodden territory - not only Bach/Gounod's but Schubert's "Ave Maria", two selections from Handel's "Messiah" (a sorrowful "He shall feed His flock" and a bravura take on "Rejoice Greatly"), Bach's "Jesu, joy of man's desiring", and Faur's "Pie Jesu" among others. All benefit from the singer's professionalism but not as much her passion. She does better by Handel's "Dank sei dir, Herr" perhaps because she has to harness her powerful voice to bring out the subtle contours of the prayer. However, Fleming seems to be in a more theatrical mood for Mozart's "Laudamus te" where she trills excessively. And sadly, she misjudges the breadth of her interpretative skills by tackling such a churchy warhorse like "Amazing Grace" since she seems to have less affinity for this song than she did with Stephen Foster's "Hard Times Come Again No More" from her "Haunted Heart" CD.  The disc, however, is not without its highlights. When partnered with the London Voices chorale group, for example, Fleming soars mightily on four inspiring selections - Franck's "Panis angelicus", Mozart's "Laudate Dominum", Berlioz's "L'adieu des bergers" and especially on a stirring version of Poulenc's "Domine Deus". Her one duet with mezzo-soprano Susan Graham is lovely albeit too brief. Like the best passages in their 2000 recording of Handel's "Alcina", the transcendent intertwining of Fleming's and Graham's voices is exquisite on Humperdinck's "Abends will ich schlafen gehn". Another pleasant surprise awaits in the minor-key, guitar-led arrangement of Bernstein's "A Simple Song" that builds to an echo of the composer's "On the Waterfront", though I have to admit I still prefer countertenor David Daniels' more plaintive take on his 2003 disc, "A Quiet Thing". Music director Andreas Delfs expertly leads the extremely versatile Royal Philharmonic Orchestra. I applaud Fleming's persistence in enveloping her stunning voice around shifting music styles. I just wish she would show more daring and a greater sense of vocal compatibility with her program selections.     