 Having read his impressive treatise on societal self-preservation, "Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed", I was immediately drawn to Jared Diamond's earlier book, which has an even more ambitious scope in excavating the roots of civilization and how distinct priorities have defined the differences in societies. Beginning with a survey of human pre-history, covering the spread of humans around the world circa 11,000 B.C., he tries to ascertain which populations would develop dominant high-tech societies and which would continue at a stone-age level indefinitely. It's a fascinating premise that the UCLA evolutionary biologist and molecular physiologist carries off with credibility and aplomb. He effortlessly synthesizes history, archaeology, agriculture, linguistics, medicine and many other fields into an overall thesis that seems persuasive at its core, even if there are several observations that would be difficult to evaluate as completely true.  The book's title reflects the three primary factors Diamond identifies as the key differentiators: the military technology to dominate one's neighbors, the infectious diseases that weaken societies not already exposed to them, and the industrial and political technology in areas that include literacy, economic and political structures, and manufacturing. Each chapter would make an intriguing book on its own. In one section, Diamond convincingly argues why domestication spreads more easily in areas with an east-west axis, where latitude remains the same, than in areas such as the Americas where a north-south axis requires domesticated species to adjust to different lengths of day and drastic climate changes. As an example, he states that corn from Mexico requires a longer growing season than the climate of Minnesota provides, and llamas did poorly in the Central American jungles and thus never reached more hospitable regions in North America. In contrast, goats were domesticated early in the Middle East and spread quickly from Spain to China.  I was particularly drawn to his theories on social technology, in which Diamond suggests that denser populations required more complex methods of conflict resolution and more efficient means to distribute food. Better distribution and reduced conflict subsequently supported the elite class, who could then develop writing, accounting, and military strategies, consequently passing the learning of one generation efficiently to the next. Probably Diamond's most compelling thinking is focused on innovation, i.e., on how new technologies are put to new uses in a domino fashion. Examples he cites include the fact that the alphabet was streamlined from hieroglyphs and how Gutenberg's printing press was adapted from presses used to make wine. He shows how innovations can be spread through trade, copied by inventive observers, or acquired by conquest. For example, Chinese papermaking came to the Islamic world when an Arab army defeated a Chinese army at the battle of Talas River in 751 A.D. and found several papermakers among the prisoners of war. Obscure historical facts suddenly expose themselves as part of a larger social fabric.   What I find most interesting is how Diamond shows how technology did not provide a global sense of manifest destiny, that in fact technology is sometimes abandoned or rejected by certain societies. Japan rejected firearms because they violated the samurai code.  Polynesian settlers lost the ability to make pottery as they scattered across the Pacific islands. Many factors contributed to this loss, including lack of materials on many islands and reduced population densities that presumably made it difficult to train specialized workers. Between this book and "Collapse", it's impressive how Diamond moves confidently among so many disciplines. However, he does shortchange religion perhaps because the topic does not interest him. He simply objectifies religion as a justification for conquest and a method of inspiring personal sacrifice for the collective good. I just feel he underestimates the impact. But amazingly, this omission is trivial given the breadth of what Diamond presents here as he presents the ultimate differences in levels of development between societies. In his view, the reasons trace all the way back to how the world was built. Strongly recommended.     