 Author John Perkins has written a most thrilling adventure and most amazingly, it is his own true story of a dramatic awakening of his social conscience. As the chief economist for a secretive international consulting firm with close ties to U.S. intelligence, he was in the jockey position for numerous under-the-table deals, which led underdeveloped countries to take out huge loans that in turn, led to contracts for U.S. multinational corporations like Bechtel and Halliburton. This book reflects an act of great risk for Perkins, as for years, the self-dubbed "economic hitman" intentionally made unpayable loans to foreign governments in order to provide the U.S. government a monopoly over the economic and political resources of the indebted nations. The National Security Agency held his mercenary tactics in high esteem, and he lived in great affluence as a result.  In the most intriguing portion of his book, Perkins dramatically supports the assertions made by Michael Moore in "Fahrenheit 9/11", which tied Saudi Arabia to U.S. interests thereby creating a financial and political alliance between the Saudi royals and the Bush family. This partnership channeled billions of dollars to the Saudis, who were holding their oil earnings in U.S. Treasury bonds. The Treasury Department pays the interest on these bonds directly to favored U.S. corporations, with which it contracts to modernize Saudi Arabia's physical infrastructure. In return, the U.S. government uses its political and military clout to keep the Saudi royal family in power. As convoluted as this deal is, it worked very well for all parties until Iraq refused to participate in the same sort of deal, so U.S. military action became inevitable. This domino effect of events, while not revelatory at this point, is given stark resonance by Perkins' personal account of his participation in these immoral dealings.  But he realizes the ultimate fruitlessness of his endeavors and comes clean. While his awakened conscience is refreshing, I am not certain his hopeful messages at the end are realistic. As we know from Enron and the like, for-profit corporations, especially those on a global scale, face strong pressures to maximize returns to their shareholders without regard to social or environmental consequences. Even more sadly, history has shown time and again that an unaudited concentration of power will directly produce the very corruption Perkins discusses. His guarded optimism leads him to suggest we identify steps we can make toward creating a more compassionate and just world. Somewhat idealistic but a worthy objective we all need to discuss and pursue. Strongly recommended reading, even more so in light of the election results.     