 After a fifteen-year absence from the screen, Jane Fonda at 67 looks pretty terrific and acts with ferocity, but it's a shame she is co-starring in a complete vacuum of a movie. Director Robert Luketic is not a filmmaker who has displayed much subtlety in the past ("Legally Blonde", "Win a Date with Tad Hamilton!"), and unfortunately he stoops to even lower levels of juvenile-level hijinks and carries forth an outlandishly cartoonish tone to this decidedly lowbrow comedy. The result is a 2005 studio-system misfire that proves ultimately condescending to anyone who would rightfully expect more from Fonda's acting return.  Similar to the character she played in "The Electric Horseman" twenty-six years earlier, Fonda plays a rich and powerful Barbara Walters-like television news personality named Viola Fields, who has reached that certain age where her demographics-conscious bosses have suddenly replaced her with a twenty-something blonde. Her slapstick reaction is to physically attack an air-headed Britney Spears look-alike on her talk show. This scene is played out so methodically that the laughs have evaporated by the time the pay-off comes.  Adding insult to injury, her coddled son Kevin, a doctor of course, proposes to a modest, working-class girl named Charlie right in front of her. This thoroughly predictable set-up could have been more interesting had first-time screenwriter Anya Kochoff's script bothered to address any of the potential conflicts - racial, socioeconomic, and even physical - with emotional intelligence, psychological insight or even a sense of irony. For the most part, she goes for the cheapest laughs available in a bid to attract the lowest common denominator among the audience.  That's a shame since Fonda has proven her comedy mettle in vehicles as diverse as "Barefoot in the Park", "Nine to Five" and "The Morning After". The twice-Oscared actress has been reduced to playing a career-obsessed, martini-swilling harridan in a series of hit-or-miss sight gags that hang precariously on the actress' goodwill. That's better than the fate of Jennifer Lopez, as she portrays an inconsistent character in an understandably confused manner. At first, her Charlie is a sweet and eccentric innocent, then a vengeful harpy and finally a forgiving sage - all for the sake of the contrived plot turns. It is assumed we are meant to root for her, but the character is such a moving target of contradictions that it becomes too trying to sympathize with her plight. It also doesn't help that Fonda, with her crisp diction, unyielding posture and crack comedy sense, is simply more interesting to watch.  The inevitable showdown between Fonda and Lopez is a disappointing cop-out with a sudden epiphany catalyzed by an ill-used Elaine Stritch as Viola's acidic mother-in-law. In the no-win role of the clueless man in-between, Michael Vartan is nearly transparent as Kevin, though it's understandable that he stands back once the love story has been established in the first fifteen minutes and his character deprioritized in favor of the two conflicting women. Despite a few good lines, stand-up comic Wanda Sykes portrays Viola's wiseass assistant Ruby as if she walked off the set of "The Jeffersons" - all sassy asides and observations too honest for her boss to handle.  In order to accommodate widescreen and full-screen versions on one disc, a lot of the extras have been relegated to a second disc. The participant-heavy audio commentary on the first disc, which includes Sykes and Luketic but excludes Fonda and Lopez, is not as insightful as one would hope. The second disc contains several disposable featurettes that focus on Lopez, Fonda, Vartan and Luketic individually, as well as some deleted scenes and a pretty decent gag reel.  The print quality of the film is fine, which is more than what I can say about the production itself.     