 Like Soviet dissidents before him such as Andrei Sakharov and Alexander Solzhenitsyn, Natan Sharansky is certainly a credible source for espousing the virtues of democracy, as he was a political prisoner in the Soviet Gulags for a nine-year period as a result of his human rights activism on behalf of Soviet Jews. It should come as no surprise that he renders strong opinions about the manner in which the USSR was impacted by US foreign policy. That he does so in such an articulate manner in this powerful book is what makes this essential reading in spite of his obviously pro-Bush political biases. In lucid terms that avoid hyperbole for the most part, Sharansky, along with co-author Ron Dermer, explains the transformative nature of democracy and how it gives rise to peace, human rights and economic opportunities. He says there are basically two types of societies which exist in the world. Free societies are the nations where citizens can "express their views without fear of arrest, imprisonment, or punishment." Fear societies prohibit the free expression of ideas altogether, as seen in Cuba, Saudi Arabia, Iraq under Saddam, North Korea, Palestine under Arafat and Afghanistan under the Taliban.  Sharansky states strongly that elevating human rights will embolden freedom fighters in these fear societies. Sharansky's book gains strength in defining his own role in the democratization process. He states how he owes a debt of gratitude to Reagan for linking American foreign policy to the internal workings of the Soviet Union, which allowed Sharansky and others to begin changing the regime from within. Reagan's policy stood in stark contrast to Nixon's dtente, which he regards as a failure of misbegotten negotiation, and Carter's stillborn attempt to elevate human rights as the centerpiece of American foreign policy. He sees Reagan's approach as the only way the junior Bush can run his foreign policy and global security in an era of unprecedented terrorism. Sharansky argues that free societies should deal boldly with fear regimes by demonstrating how the combination of diplomatic and economic initiatives can lessen the grip of oppressive tyrants. He believes the net result will be moral clarity in international affairs, a pretty tall order when one considers the parties involved.  He makes a compelling case for the ability to mobilize democracy, even in former fear regimes that have had no tradition of democracy, and cites Russia, Germany, Japan, and Afghanistan as proof. But as an example of how not to spread democracy, Sharansky chides the Israeli government for seeking accommodation with Yassar Arafat and the PLO, an entity that he feels has been run by a terrorist and despot. He feels strongly that if Israel had linked its policy to the democratization of the Palestinian people, the PLO could have been challenged internally, and the terror of PLO extremists would have abated since their greatest fear is the emancipation of their people. Where the book falls somewhat short is examining why democracy in itself does not appear to be enough for the Israeli government to reconcile with Palestinian self-governance. But what I do appreciate is that the author doesn't deny that creating democracies can be a long and arduous process. In fact, as being demonstrated now in Iraq, there can be significant problems. At heart, he epitomizes the spirit by which democratization can liberate the rest of the world and hopefully without enforcing the imperialism that has marred the current administration's efforts. Excellent reading from a man who obviously treasures his freedom.     