 Kitty Kelley's recent tell-all book, "The Family: The Real Story of the Bush Dynasty", would appear to be the companion volume to Kevin Phillips' book published earlier this year. But rather than going for the titillating copy that Kelly excels at in dissecting the Bush family, Phillips, a former Republican strategist, broadens his theme to the concept of intergenerational political power. Phillips explains that the United States has entered an alarming period of "dynastic politics", in which the spouses and offspring of political figures are picking up where their relatives left off, sadly to the ultimate detriment of democracy. This umbrella thesis leads to the Bushes, who far more than the Kennedys do, demonstrate this phenomenon. It begins with George W. Bush's great-grandfathers, Samuel P. Bush and George H. Walker, who assembled wealth and power by exploiting ties to Wall Street, arms merchants, the American intelligence apparatus and foreign dictators including Hitler. Phillips states that the Bushes' wealth and power, and those connections, are why a Bush is President today and why his policies are what they are. Phillips spends a good amount of the book discerning the family fingerprints on everything from Bush's pursuit of Saddam Hussein to his leanings toward the energy industry, which make up an intricate web of political dependencies that substantiates the power of the Bush family.  This book provides a lucid explanation of the current President's behavior, which far from being entirely his own product, is rooted in the four-generation family evolution and according to Phillips, a consistent pattern of deception and misinformation. The duration of the Bush dynasty makes this pattern deeper and more worrisome since it is unprecedented in scope given that it has been almost a century in the making. Granted, to some degree, we are all the products of our parents and they of their parents. But Phillips argues convincingly that it's the uncompromising trajectory of the Bush power base that stimulates the author to make historical connections and sometimes sweeping statements that transcend his heavily documented annotations. There are definitely some gaps in credibility, but what adds to the veracity of this tome is the long history that Phillips himself provides on assessing the impact of national elections. He started with the 1968 contest in his 1969 book ''The Emerging Republican Majority,'' a legendary blueprint of Republican hegemony. It described how the rise of the Sun Belt and the suburbs, coupled with Democratic tone-deafness on social issues, was leading to a generation of Republican presidential dominance. Phillips' biting insight certainly sounds familiar, as we are undergoing the same sorts of trends now (read John Sperling's "The Great Divide: Retro Vs. Metro America" for verification of this). As someone who has obviously drifted away from his partisan identification, Phillips seems far more even-handed than most in conveying his disappointment with the current administration. This is highly recommended reading especially before the election.     