 The most valuable insight author Stacy Schiff provides in her enlightening and entertaining historical treatise is that despite our own self-serving myths about emancipation, the American Revolution did not reflect the action of a single country coming of age. Rather, the revolution marked the debut of the United States onto the imperial stage where France and the rest of Europe had already been players. In fact, the foreign aid provided by France during the revolution was essential to the outcome of the uprising. Critical to getting these funds from the French monarchy was Benjamin Franklin, already 70 years old in 1776. The story of the 8   years he spent in Paris, persuading the French to support the fledgling American army in concrete as well as symbolic ways, is the subject of Schiff's book. The story of how it was obtained is fascinating and messy, as diplomacy often is. That's because Franklin knew that he and his compatriots had roles in a much larger drama. As the title implies, he was open to spontaneous inventiveness when it came to fostering foreign relations. Schiff attributes Franklin's success to his laissez-faire attitude, an ability to be logical without being pedantic, and a single-minded approach both genial and ruthless.  Franklin and his cause are always at the center of events in the book, but Schiff's in-depth and scholarly research, as well as a sharp gift for vivid period re-creation, makes us the labyrinth of personalities and complex issues involved. She effectively shows how the U.S. forged a rocky trans-Atlantic alliance with France, the ramifications of which are still being felt today. During those years, Franklin lived in houses teeming with French spies and British agents, having no secretary except his own adept grandson, and receiving from Congress new emissaries and contradictory or ineffectual directions. Adding to the challenge was the colorful French cast of characters with whom Franklin continually bargained. They ranged from Pierre-Augustin Caron de Beaumarchais, the flamboyant secret agent who became an important early arms dealer; to the young Marquis de Lafayette, who received the weapons and sailed recklessly to America against the king's order; to the stubborn British ambassador to Versailles, the Viscount Stormont. Perhaps the most intriguing and heretofore unknown character was the Chevalier d'Eon, a cross-dressing dragoon officer who became a notable supporter of the young republic's cause. The American cast of characters was no less of a challenge to Franklin. His American colleagues in Paris-some of whom were also supposed to be representing America in France, and some of whom stayed on the congressional payroll but simply never went to their postings in other countries-were full of complaints about Franklin. Schiff paints a vivid picture of the infighting among Adams, Jay, Richard Izard, Arthur and William Lee, Silas Deane, and the various other American representatives. Then there is John Adams, whom Schiff sees as a cantankerous politician who resented Franklin as he was deified by his French admirers. What irked Franklin's American colleagues was the difference between the man and the myth.  Through all the back-biting treachery, Franklin managed to persuade the French government to support the war with its navy, gunpowder, thousands of soldiers, and provide contributions which would amount to thirteen billion in today's dollars. And, when the English finally admitted defeat, Franklin, along with John Jay and John Adams, negotiated a most beneficent peace. This is an impressive story providing yet another dimension to this familiar figure. Schiff has written a lively story with a cast of colorful characters and plot twists that could easily compare to a work of historical fiction. I recommend reading this book in tandem with John J. Miller's and Mark Molesky's polarizing "Our Oldest Enemy: A History of America's Disastrous Relationship with France" to get an even fuller context of the U.S. relationship with France through the years.     