 As illustrated in this no-holds-barred treatise, the concept of a pre-emptive war was the shaky ground by which the Bush administration has based the U.S. war on and continuing occupancy of Iraq. The author calls the conflict "an avaricious, premeditated, unprovoked war against a foe who posed no immediate threat but whose defeat did offer economic advantage". A sermonic yet alarming assertion and one of many to be found in this provocative and often disturbing book written undercover by a senior CIA officer.  As we know, the 9/11 Commission Report concluded, "We have no credible evidence that Iraq and al-Qaeda cooperated on attacks against the United States". The fact that the author has been allowed to publish this book even anonymously obviously reflects the heightened level of frustration of senior intelligence officials over the course the Bush administration has taken. The lack of connection between Iraq and al-Qaeda actually induced an unexpected cause-and-effect. It was evidently the U.S.-led decision to go to war on Iraq that in turn elevated the al-Qaida's standing and reputation in the Islam world. Moreover, the author points out that the escalating terrorist attacks culminating in 9/11 have nothing to do with attacking American democracy or way of life and that Bush's claims represent yet another case of self-delusion leading to failed policy. This sadly ironic twist is at the heart of "Imperial Hubris" making it one of the most profoundly important reads this year. Thanks to the author's insider view and his intensive investigations, this book is no simple anti-Bush (or for that matter, anti-Clinton) polemic.  In a lucid and understandably zealous tone, the author presents what our "war on terrorism" has really brought us. He obliterates our image of bin Laden and the al-Qaeda as a band on the run, and he also attacks the misconception that Saddam Hussein's defeat forms the basis of a safe democracy in Iraq. Even more importantly, the author shows how the conflict and its prolonged duration lie as much in the way our intelligence operations are structured as it does with the radical Islamic movement we seem to be trying to defeat. So dysfunctional are communication lines within and between the CIA and FBI that no one in the intelligence community could honestly say they did all they could before 9/11. This book provides a clear explanation on how this situation has evolved and been resistant to change over the past decade.  The author's view of bin Laden as a charismatic leader can be rather off-putting, but there is no getting around the fact that he has the leadership skills to unite Muslims from many different countries around the world into a highly effective and mobile organization. By invading a country that's regarded as the second holiest place in Islam, the Bush administration inadvertently validated bin Laden's claims that the U.S. intends a holy war against Muslims. It appears the largest failure is in labeling al-Qaeda as a terrorist group, same as any other with no regard to the power of their religious unity. As we all know, our government's official position is that the U.S. never negotiates with terrorists since negotiation means defeat. According to the author, this is the wrong way to fight bin Laden.  The real enemy is in the radical form of Islam that bin Laden and his followers espouse. The author calls for an undetermined mix of stronger military actions and dramatic foreign policy change, obviously unsettling conclusions not only for the inevitable bloodshed but also for the uncertainty. Whether both could work either in tandem or in sequence is arguable, but at the very least, the author provokes thought for change. To substantiate his findings, he uses examples from past American history (such as John Quincy Adams, the Civil War) as signposts for our current behavior but with rather mixed results since we live in unprecedented times globally. Nonetheless, the author's valid points, passionately told, make this essential reading for our times.     