 There has been a bumper crop of strong discs from a multitude of very talented international tenors this past year - Juan Diego Florez, Roberto Alagna, Marcello Alvarez, Ramon Vargas and Joseph Calleja are most prominent. Right up there among this select brethren is this debut recording from Mexican tenor Rolando Villazn. With a deep, fulsome sound to his voice, he brings sharp emotive power to his performance without overdoing it as some others do in a pool of Pagliacci's tears. In fact, Villazn is a true lyric tenor with a genuine understanding of pianissimo. It's a near-flawless voice that seems ideal for the lovers and would-be lovers that are the mainstays of Italian opera.  Verdi, Puccini and Donizetti are standard fare for such a robust voice, and in that respect, the program is somewhat predictable. Truth be told, I could have done without "La donna  mobile" from Verdi's "Rigoletto", which has to be the most overplayed Italian song this side of "O sole mio". At the same time, he provides some nice surprises beginning with the first track, a stunning aria from Cilea's "L'Arlesiana", "E la solita storia", where his vocal control is exemplary.  Coincidentally, Calleja performs the same song on his similarly programmed "Tenor Arias"; both versions are distinctive and memorable. Regardless, even on the old warhorses performed ad infinitum by the likes of Pavarotti and Domingo, Villazn brings a dramatic clarity, lyrical command and purity of tone to familiar numbers such as Carlo's Act I aria, "Io l'ho perduta...lo la vidi" from Verdi's "Don Carlo"; Marcello's Act IV recitativo, "Il duca d'Alba Inosservato...Angelo casto e bel" from Donizetti's "Il duca d'Alba"; and Rodolfo's Act I aria, "Che gelida manina" from Puccini's "La Boheme". What comes across consistently is a virile, full-bodied voice, almost baritone in weight and quality, that makes the slightest quiver in his phrasing very effective in shading his performances. For example, if you compare Villazn's version with Calleja's of Donizetti's concluding aria, "Tombe degli avi miel...Fra poco" from "Lucia di Lammermoor", Villazn delivers a more emotionally naked rendition that reveals Edgar to be a heroic lover, whereas Calleja sings with a more cautious and haunted vulnerability that makes his Edgar to be a more sensitive soul. Neither is right or wrong, just different. Villazn rounds out his program with the early 20th-century so-called "can belto" selections from Puccini and Mascagni to balance the bel canto standards. Throughout this impressive debut, he is ably accompanied by the masterful musical direction of Marcello Viatti leading the Mnchner Rundfunkorchester. I still think the jury is out as far as his designation as the "Fourth Tenor" (he's only 32), but given what he has accomplished here, I certainly think that Villazn can be considered a true contender.     