 Jimmy Carter, the most prolific of former commanders-in-chief, has come out with his twentieth book and surprisingly the first that is overtly political. While the book is an incisive and decidedly critical look at Bush's foreign and domestic policies, it also reflects the mass of contradictions that Carter has represented as both a political leader and a man of faith. His commitment to human rights informed his presidency, but his limited abilities in campaigning and governing reflected a certain navet about public policy implementation.   Carter takes full aim at the fundamentalists. Fundamentalism, Carter writes, has three attributes: "rigidity, domination, and exclusion". He explains that the rigor by which Bush has courted the religious right has induced a domino effect of pain points for the country - tax cuts for the wealthy, proposed spending cuts to social programs, utter disrespect for human rights, cruelty toward prisoners in Iraq, a despoiled environment and an imperialistic foreign policy.  These are the indicators of how far the US has fallen, in particular, becoming a pariah in many countries. Once a moral beacon to the world, the US, according to Carter, has fallen in its global standing due to the influence wielded by fundamentalists over our policies. Carter's perspective comes from being a devout Southern Baptist, a faith that has been adamant about the separation of church and state. Consequently, he derides the unprecedented historic merging of church and state under President Bush, as he provides valid reasons to distrust religious hierarchies and respect the autonomy of local congregations.  There is no question that Carter is a religious man who believes Bush's Christian faith but not to the extent of informing government policy. Fundamentalism has gotten this country into a mess, but he sincerely feels religion can once again help the nation finds its soul. Granted, there are times when Carter treats the reader like a Sunday school student, but he is overly cautious when he moves back to the political when examining the details of Bush's policies. This is where the book falls a bit short as he skirts around more secular issues such as the environment or counterterrorism as if he is running for office again. Probably out of respect for the office he once held, Carter seems reluctant to point a finger at Bush, and to some extent, I admire his restraint. However, a dispassionate tone surfaces periodically, and  Carter's voice without prophetic urgency has a tendency to sound more like wonk-speak than a man propelled by the power of the Bible.  Bush is not the only one he puts to task, as he also expresses hesitation about his own party as well. He states emphatically that Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry failed to connect with deeply religious voters by appealing to their sense of logic and overemphasizing controversial topics like abortion rights. At 81, Carter is showing himself to be far more of a renaissance man now since he left the Oval Office a quarter century ago. This book illustrates how the distance of twenty-five years lends his perspective a resonance that none of the anti-Bush brigade could muster. This is a highly recommended read.     