 Balding, bulbous Josh Kornbluth stars in this extremely low-budget 2001 movie which he also co-wrote and co-directed with his brother. From this bargain basement set-up comes a frequently funny, sometimes insightful comedy about surviving the trials and tribulations of office politics. As a San Franciscan who has experienced the local economic downturn firsthand, I was recommended this movie by a friend who thought I could relate to the predicaments of the main character. Toward that end, much like a series of live action Dilbert cartoons, Kornbluth does an often spot-on job capturing the inanities of the workplace and dealing with one's boss and co-workers.  "Haiku Tunnel" doesn't really have a plot, but the slim premise revolves around seventeen letters that "have to go out right away" according to the unctous boss, typically named Bob. In what appears to be not too much of an acting stretch, Kornbluth portrays "Josh Kornbluth" (with quotations please), an aspiring novelist living in a depressive funk and working contently as an office temporary worker. For one procrastinating reason after another, "Josh" can't seem to get the letters out, and in a contained world that seems to thrive on passive-aggressive behavior, he faces little retribution for his failure. Although no DeNiro, Kornbluth does capture the subservient demeanor of a temp accurately, doing a lackey's shuffle when the boss is around or, when he's late, an all-too-innocent float past the desk of the head secretary, played with a chilly sense of curtailed authority by Helen Shumaker. At heart, "Josh" is really a sad sack having just been dumped by his mountain-biking girlfriend. He's a guy with nothing going on and no pleasure except finding his way to his bed in San Francisco's mixed Mission district. He is comfortable with his limitations as a temp, but it's the promise of health benefits that persuades "Josh" to switch from temp to permanent status. So when he takes a full-time job at the law firm Schuyler and Mitchell ("S&M"), he can have the firm pay for his psychotherapy sessions to remove his apparent writer's block. I do love how "Josh" suddenly becomes visible in the eyes of his co-workers only once he goes "perm". And in a funny cameo appearance, Harry Shearer plays a patronizing company trainer teaching the finer points of dealing with jammed paper in the copier.  The film gets somewhat off-track when "Josh" gets involved with Julie, an attorney who becomes attracted to him as she mistakes him for an eccentric tax attorney. Sarah Overman is actually terrific as Julie, but the movie slides into some surreal world that diminishes audience sympathy for "Josh" at a rather critical juncture in the threadbare story. The seduction scene actually reminds me of a similar scene in Tom Hanks' film, "Big", and the movie never quite gains its footing afterward. But at that point, it doesn't seem to matter as the movie has already lost its steam. I give kudos to Kornbluth for making a clever assault on the white-collar workplace, but rent episodes of Ricky Gervais' "The Office" if you want a more pointed satire of that world.     