 I presumed that unlike his peers, Frank Capra is the one filmmaking great whose style would be hard to replicate nowadays given his often Pollyanna approach to triumph over evil and corruption.  But director Ivan Reitman and screenwriter Gary Ross do a fine job with this 1993 comedy in evoking Capra's individualistic style in a contemporary setting taking on a typically Capraesque subject, the U.S. President as a man of the people versus the puppet of lobbyists and corporate interests. I was surprised at the light touch Reitman displays here after his heavy-handed "Ghostbusters", but it is a charming and amusing fable that reminds me a bit of Hal Ashby's "Being There" in its acute observation of open navet in the face of seemingly insurmountable cynicism and duplicity.  The unlikely plot focuses on Dave Kovic, who runs a small-town employment agency and also happens to be the spitting image of Bill Mitchell, the forty-fourth President of the United States. In a night of passion, Mitchell suffers a stroke and goes into a coma. His megalomaniac chief-of-staff Bob Alexander and fearful communications director Alan Reed convince Dave to substitute for Mitchell while he recovers. Of course, the ruse gets complicated as Dave starts to take his new job quite seriously, which sets up a showdown with Alexander that brings in the then-relevant S&L scandals, and as Dave becomes attracted to Mitchell's estranged First Lady, Ellen. The casting is ideal. Other than Tom Hanks, no one but Kevin Kline could have portrayed Dave with such non-ironic decency and good humor. It's a shame his career has never taken off the way Hanks' has, as he seems to have moved recently to more sanctimonious dramas like "Life as a House" and "The Emperor's Club", movies that do not remotely capitalize on his chief assets, his acute sense of the absurd and graceful physical humor.  While Sigourney Weaver cuts a properly imposing and increasingly vulnerable figure as Ellen, I have to admit I find her a bit of a bore since there is not much emotional latitude with playing the First Lady. One misses the type of snappy, smart-mouthed dames that Jean Arthur and Barbara Stanwyck played to perfection in Capra's films. On the other hand, Frank Langella is almost effortlessly malevolent as Alexander, the perfectly insidious villain; though it would have been a stretch to think that such an obviously slimy character would have made it to the Oval Office without an image overhaul. The funny and underutilized Charles Grodin plays Murray Blum, Dave's accountant, who figures out the budget cuts the President should propose and sets Alexander's plans afire. Smaller roles are filled expertly with Ben Kingsley as the befuddled Vice-President, Ving Rhames appropriately one-note stoic as the head Secret Service agent and Laura Linney and Bonnie Hunt in miniscule parts.  There are plenty of enjoyable scenes, my favorites being the Dave-as-President scenes of suddenly recognized empowerment and genuine euphoria, the traffic cop incident ending with an off-key rendition of "Tomorrow", and  the montage of celebrities commenting on Mitchell's changed personality ending with Oliver Stone's amusing conspiracy theory.  Reitman and Ross have really come up with a holistic view of Washington politics that is at once acerbic and hopeful, not an unimpressive feat when one thinks of the tone of current political films. In fact, "Dave" is as much a comment on the early, idealized Clinton years, as sadly, "Fahrenheit 9/11" is of the junior Bush years. Great gentle fun.     