 It appears high school hasn't changed much for social misfits since Carrie burned down the gym or even since Jan Brady didn't make the cheerleading squad. The primary goal of this breed continues to be to find acceptance among peers they have empowered to be their superiors by the will of their own self-consciousness. Napoleon Dynamite is merely the latest incarnation in this 2004 MTV-produced comedy. The movie has nice visual touches (like the food-oriented opening credits) and some funny moments, a few even inspired (the sign-language version of "The Rose", the chicken farm scenes). It's also admirable that director Jared Hess (who co-wrote the movie with his wife Jerusha) goes neither the smutty nor the slasher route in drawing viewer attention. However, your enjoyment of this film will depend strictly on your ability to relate to a series of episodes that play out like one of those 1950's education films on how to behave on a prom date but reset to present-day, small-town Idaho. For me, the plights of the title character and his friends Pedro and Deb just aren't interesting enough to hold my attention. Accentuating the void is the fact that they are called upon to look very stilted and speak in deadpan, monotone voices. While amusing for about five minutes, it stretches an 86-minute movie into something that feels interminably longer.  Jon Heder certainly looks the part of the supreme geek outsider with his red `fro, aviator glasses and polyester prom suit. But his character is simply not fleshed out enough to root for his success, as he avoids eye contact when he talks and encourages the abuse he gets from the more popular kids. As Napoleon's new best friend from Mexico, Efren Ramirez plays Pedro, who has no qualms about asking a popular girl out or running for class president. Former big-time child actress Tina Majorino (she was the little map-tattooed girl in "Waterworld") portrays Deb as a painfully shy girl who fancies herself as an Annie Liebowitz-type of photographer. They're all quirky enough, but you simply pay attention to these characters because no one else will. Usually someone like Napoleon would have a successful big brother to taunt him, but instead we have 32-year old Kip played with equal deadpan style by a pale-white Aaron Ruell. Kip spends most of his free time in online chat rooms and ultimately has a fanciful romance with his cyber-girlfriend, Lafawnduh. In fact, if you wait for the ending credits to finish, they even have a pastoral wedding. While the idea is funny, the ludicrous nature of the relationship feels overly contrived. Providing more honest laughs is Jon Gries as the moronic, self-proclaimed lady-killer Uncle Rico. With his 1980's-style toupee and constantly flexing his non-existent muscles, he lives in past gridiron glories that probably never happened, even buying a mail-order time machine to transport him back. His new career selling Tupperware makes for a couple of funny scenes.  In fact, there are several amusing ideas, but they don't seem to add up to anything that memorable by the poignant tetherball-swinging end. One almost longs for the return of "The Breakfast Club" and "Sixteen Candles". Even the climax is oddly unfulfilling as Pedro's presidential aspirations hinge on Napoleon displaying some pretty impressive dance moves to a song by Jamiroquai. The DVD includes four deleted scenes and a black-and-white short called "Peluca", which stars Heder and provides the basis for the movie. There is also audio commentary by the director, Heder and producer Jeremy Coon. This is the first time I encountered a DVD that uses both sides to provide the full and widescreen versions, but it also means you need to flip your disc to see all the features. Bummer.     