 Not as enigmatic as Garbo but arguably more relevant, Marlene Dietrich continues to fascinate with her life story. Although she passed away in 1992 at age 90, there are facets of her life and career that still seem fresh and surprising. This 2001 documentary directed by her grandson David Riva takes a different approach than Maximilian Schell's more famous whipping-boy interview with an aging, off-screen Dietrich in his documentary, 1984's "Marlene". Riva has culled rare home movies and concert footage while de-emphasizing film clips from her remarkable career.  The most intriguing aspect is how Riva chooses to focus much of the running time to her WWII years. What comes across clearly is how giving and concerned a person Dietrich was as she became an American citizen yet conflicted about the pride she held of her German identity, especially since her beloved mother remained in Berlin during the war. Her hatred of the Nazis drove her, often at her own peril, to spend much of that time vouching for European Jews and courageously entertaining troops on the front line. Riva was even able to secure a recording of Dietrich's first brief phone conversation with her mother, after liberation. She couldn't go to Russian-held Berlin herself, but they were allowed to talk, in English only. In a voice much higher pitched than her film roles, Dietrich heartbreakingly exposes her soul in just a couple of minutes.  Just as poignant is Dietrich onstage. Obviously not a great technical singer, she compensates with the bravura of her hard-earned emotionalism, especially during her first performance in Israel when she sang Pete Seeger's anti-war "Where Have All the Flowers Gone?" in forbidden German. Other aspects of her life are interesting as well, in particular, her failed affair with French actor Jean Gabin ("La Grande Illusion") and her later, and more personally relevant film work such as Stanley Kramer's "Judgment at Nuremberg". I wish there was a way for Riva to include a more comprehensive overview of her impressive film career as her amazing performances in Orson Welles's "Touch of Evil" and Billy Wilder's "Witness for the Prosecution" are ignored here.  Several interviews are interspersed, most notably with Dietrich's daughter Maria Riva, but also with colleagues and admirers such as actress Hildegard Knef, director Volker Schlndorff, close friend Rosemary Clooney (who duetted with Dietrich on the comical song, "Too Old to Cut the Mustard" - a personal favorite of mine), and Burt Bacharach, who was her musical director in the 1960's while he was churning out the century's best pop tunes. Jamie Lee Curtis narrates unobtrusively, and there is even a Dietrich vocal impersonator who reads personal correspondence. Even if you feel you know who Dietrich was, this lovingly done documentary is certainly unique and personal enough to make your viewing a worthwhile experience.     