 Senator Robert Byrd (D-West Virginia) certainly gives new meaning to the expression, "giving the Byrd (sic)", but this is not a simple diatribe leveled against the current administration. His book is filled with biting truths interlaced with frequently bombastic political rhetoric. At the heart of all this is Byrd's cogent and substantiated argument that President Bush has severely abused the separation of powers and damaged our nation's founding concept of checks and balances, as documented by the U.S. Constitution. And unlike many outside observers, most prominently Michael Moore, who has positioned his documentary "Fahrenheit 9/11" along similar lines, Byrd has the insider's knowledge, the clout of credibility and certainly the sizable ego of a man who has been able to survive 45 years in the U.S. Senate. He is a man intent on doing us a public service, and on that basis alone, he succeeds admirably.  Much has been made of Byrd's association with the Ku Klux Klan in the forties and his support of the Vietnam War in the sixties, but here is an unapologetic man who stands by the truths of the Constitution. Another difference from "Fahrenheit 9/11" - Moore often uses humor and irony to get his points across, but Byrd is a man enraged, plain and simple, as he points out with great clarity the arrogance of the Bush administration in disregarding the public's opinion. Interestingly though not surprisingly, he was considered too inflammatory even to be a speaker at last month's Democratic National Convention. But out of fear lies his truth, and it would be difficult to invalidate his position - that we bring back the Constitution as the only proper guide to running our government.  At times, Byrd's enthusiastic prose can overwhelm his extensive historical perspective, and he goes at length to support his arguments without being that much more enlightening. However, within the greater context of his points, this can be forgiven. As evidenced by the eight speeches that conclude the book, he is a fiery, "old school" speaker filling his speeches with relevant quotes in history dating back to ancient Rome. A simpler, more straightforward political treatise could have been written, but certainly not by Byrd. And perhaps such an objective piece could have gone further in reconciling the various factions at odds over this book, but I doubt it. Senator Byrd's passion is exactly what we need to remind us of our right to free speech and our privilege in expressing our individual feelings about the way our government is currently run. This is one case where conciliatory discussion is pointless. This book is essential reading.     