 New Yorker columnist Malcolm Gladwell has a gift of turning the seemingly mundane into an organic series of findings that have universal application.  His entertaining and enlightening book is really about making connections and how ideas become trends not by gradual insinuation but by a singular dramatic moment. Like a scientific researcher, he breaks the process down into three basic rules: (1) the direction provided by the perpetrators or as he calls it, the Law of the Few - the Connectors, Mavens and Salesmen; (2) the qualities that make the ideas resonate - the Stickiness Factor; and (3) the impact of the environment in spreading these ideas, or the Power of Context. This is all very intriguing conceptually, but where the book really takes flight is Gladwell's acute ability to apply his logic to a wide variety of historical and cultural settings. He allows us to revise our thinking about familiar events to fit his theorems and not feel that we are at all being manipulated, no minor feat.  I doubt if I have ever read a more compelling case supporting the power of networking than his account of Paul Revere's legendary ride. Tasked with the same mission, William Dawes rode to alert the countryside that night with the same message. However, he didn't know the right people to alert, and though he visited as many villages as Revere, the villages he visited only turned out a few people in the morning's battle. Gladwell's hypothesis is that Revere has become part of our folklore because he had the persona of someone who knew all the right people to alert in each town, and had the salesmanship power to convince them of the urgency of his message. In a more obvious iteration of the three rules, the author asserts that the holocaust would not have happened without the driving leadership of Hitler and his minions, a clear example of the Law of the Few. The Stickiness Factor came in the form of existing prejudices and jealousies ruminating for the past two millennia in Europe, heightened by the total humiliation of the nation after WWI. The Aryan purity espoused by the Third Reich certainly reflected the Power of Context in sustaining Hitler's regime until Germany's defeat in WWII. In a completely different context, Gladwell makes a compelling case for the endurance of "Sesame Street" and the popularity of "Blue's Clues", two mega-successful examples of children's television, both designed to make lessons stick through a combination of fantasy characters and relatable humans using repetition and narrative to encourage children to pay attention and remember. He even documents an average GPA increase of 0.25 among high school students who did watch "Sesame Street" regularly as children.  But Gladwell is not one who is buried in the details, nor does he seem intent in changing the reader's perspective. Instead, he gives us a big picture and asks us to look at the familiar in different ways and acknowledge an alternate perspective and an opportunity to reframe. He is not insistent but almost nonchalant with his findings by leaving the reader the choice to apply the patterns he outlines to other situations. As with "Blink", his more recent book about trusting one's first impressions and snap judgments, Gladwell is expert in introducing new ideas in a most reader-friendly way and offering his own interpretations so that that the reader can make his or her own judgment.     