 Exhausting. This film is so desultory that it's hard to care about the characters and what they go through in this film. Perhaps that was the intention of director John Curran and screenwriter Larry Gross, that marriage can reach a point among people so unaware of themselves that adultery becomes a matter-of-fact, negotiation ploy rather than a source of betrayal and heartbreak. This nihilistic view permeates the whole film, and that is both its chief asset and its worst failing. The benefit is that we are not given a lot of pumped-up drama about guilt, which would have been the more predictable route to take here. The film feels honest in its treatment of two couples, who happen to be within convenient proximity for two of them, Jack and Edith, to start an affair and the other two, Hank and Terry, to do the same as if they are expected to. The problem, however, is that we are not given much in way of a back story for us to care what happens to the relationships, either the marriages that are crumbling or the affairs that develop in the emotional void of their lives. There are no showy Edward Albee-esque scenes, no moments of great revelation that draw us closer to the characters, and the result is that we are indifferent to their fate at the end of the film.   Fortunately, the acting partially compensates for the relentlessly enervating tone. In the least interesting role, Peter Krause credibly plays Hank, the frustrated, emotionally detached college professor, who at first seems like a pathetic womanizer but then gradually reveals himself to be the catalyst for all that occurs in the four people's lives. At times, he seems near catatonic, I assume to show the depth of his character's emptiness. Naomi Watts plays his wife Edith as rather flirtatious and manipulative at first, but then she starts to reveal the same hollowness that Hank has, showing little concern for what the consequences would be should her affair with Jack be disclosed. I think Watts is the least credible of the quartet of actors perhaps because she is developed as the most cryptic in motivation. This is also unfortunately a case where her youth and beauty work against the exhausted character she is playing. Their characters' marriage seems so dead at the beginning that it is difficult to assess who was more responsible for the state it was in, and frankly it's hard to care what happens to them.   Mark Ruffalo, so good in Kenneth Lonergan's "You Can Count On Me", plays the de facto emotional core of the film, a seemingly more conscientious husband than Hank but likely the most emotionally stunted of the four. As Jack, he is a passive-aggressive husband who cannot come to terms with the state of his marriage and can only justify his affair through the condescending view he has of his wife's drinking and messy housekeeping. It's a tough role, but Ruffalo does capture the fulcrum of emotional frustration. Unfortunately what he sacrifices is a lot of the sympathy that should have gone his way as the story evolves. Top acting honors have to go to Laura Dern in a brave performance as Terry. She gets under the skin of her character with enveloping intensity as she desperately clings onto her self-esteem and tries hard to avoid becoming the harridan that Jack wants her to be to get out of his marriage. Her character is the only one capable of honest confrontations, and Dern seizes every moment given to her with piercing intelligence. It's Terry's sensibility, not the emotionally drawn out scenes between Jack, Edith and their respective children, that almost saves the end of the film but not quite. Despite some strong acting, this is a disappointing downer of a film no matter how you slice it.     