 Not since the last time John Madden directed her in "Shakespeare in Love" has Gwyneth Paltrow done such sterling work as she does here as Catherine Llewelyn, the daughter of a legendary mathematician and a pained woman on the verge. The vast challenge Madden faces here is cinematizing a play about intellectuals discussing the decidedly non-visual subject of mathematical proofs. He only partially succeeds in opening up the play by effectively using real-life locations at my alma mater, the University of Chicago, as well as interweaving moments that occur in the past and present with surprisingly seamlessness.  What Madden does less well is make the math interesting to the viewer, which Gus Van Sant did to better effect in "Good Will Hunting" and Ron Howard with more visual style in "A Beautiful Mind". The fabled proofs of Catherine's father Robert are discussed but not shown to any illuminating effect for the viewer, and consequently we are not engaged in the characters' extensive discussions about them. Instead, we have to relay on the credibility of the actors discussing them, a big dramatic presumption on the part of Madden. The literate plot revolves around Catherine's obsessive perception that she is descending into madness like her father before his death, and in particular, the mystery around the authorship of a breakthrough proof, i.e., whether Catherine or Robert came up with it.  Anthony Hopkins portrays Robert with his trademark bluster, but since his character consists of flashbacks in Catherine's mind, we really don't get a chance to understand his perspective on his own dementia. As Catherine's controlling sister Claire, Hope Davis proves again to be among the more chameleonic actors around as her character's narrower mindset cannot begin to fathom the creative genius of her family. It's really a thankless, two-dimensional role since Claire simply observes and provides an unwelcome myopia to the situation. Unlike his Brokeback role, Jake Gyllenhaal truly does play a supporting role here as Hal, a protege of Robert's who is so impassioned by mathematics that he pores through Robert's notebooks for days on end. While sincere and engaged, the actor hardly looks like your typical math geek and must additionally carry through the somewhat preposterous romantic situation that occurs in the middle of Catherine's mental incapacitation.  On the whole, I think this piece should have been left onstage given the reams of dialogue here. I don't feel the screenplay by David Auburn (the original playwright) and Rebecca Miller (Arthur's daughter and a better writer than a film director judging from her 2005 film "The Ballad of Jack and Rose") is entirely successful in translating it to maximum effect for the screen.  Nonetheless, Paltrow's galvanizing performance and the dramatic intensity of key scenes will reward the more patient among us. The DVD has relatively little in the way of extras, though it does contain a generally informative audio commentary track by Madden. There is a brief, making-of featurette that allows Madden and the actors to provide some valuable insights into the play and the characters. There are three deleted scenes, one actually an alternate to what was finally used, all understandably excised from the film.     