 For the melodramatic premise it looks like it's going to present, this movie shouldn't have worked. But leave it to veteran director David Cronenberg to defy expectations and capture lightning in a bottle with a searing exploration of violence and duplicity. The movie opens with a chilling scene of the aftermath of a harshly bloody act that leads inevitably to another shocking act, but then it shifts gears to a pastoral, Thornton Wilder-like town. The story then focuses on Tom Stall, an upstanding citizen and owner of the local diner. He's been happily married for twenty years to Edie, still a knockout and now a successful lawyer, and they have two children. An unexpected incident in the diner makes Tom a media hero much to his chagrin, and it also brings the attention of some obvious mobsters who think Tom is someone else.  While the vigilante set-up sounds like a tribute to the Warner Brothers film noir crime drama of the 1940's, the 2005 film is surprisingly a thoughtful and downright chilling meditation on the causes of violence and the unexpected, almost inevitable ramifications. To say anything more would ruin the plot, but suffice it to say that the movie haunts and resonates with flashes of unflinching violence that only Cronenberg can do graphically without being gratuitous. The foreboding title signals the necessity of the violence, though the shots are relatively subdued from the man responsible for the memorable head explosions in 1981's "Scanners" and the gooey transformation in the 1986 update of "The Fly".  A gallery of superb performances brings out the wired intensity of the characters starting with the always underrated Viggo Mortenson who is ideally cast as Tom. Looking almost like Gary Cooper but with a dark edge, Mortenson powerfully plays the role right on the balance between decency and denial. Even more impressive is Maria Bello, who simply electrifies as Edie especially as the revelations transform her existence. The stairway scene with Mortenson and Bello elicits a visceral energy that scorches the screen. Ashton Holmes is terrific as their teenage son Jack, who unexpectedly taps into his own anger with a high school bully.  In smaller parts that sometimes threaten to broaden toward stereotype, Ed Harris taps into the feral side of his screen persona as Carl Fogarty, a one-eyed mobster who is convinced he knows Tom, and a surprisingly ferocious William Hurt holds his ten minutes of screen time as Richie Cusack, as he provides the key to the unraveling plot. Based on a graphic novel by John Wagner and Vince Locke, the film is ultimately a parable about violence as much as Paul Haggis's "Crash" (not Cronenberg's film with the same title) is a parable about racism. However, the major difference is that Cronenberg and screenwriter Josh Olson do not layer contrivances to hammer down on obvious points in their story, and the ending is effectively and hauntingly open-ended. This is a gripping cinematic work strongly recommended.  The DVD package is excellent with one of the best making-of documentaries I have seen for a major release, an hour-long feature called "Acts of Violence". It is divided effectively in eight acts with particularly thoughtful comments from Cronenberg, Mortenson and Bello. Cronenberg also provides terrific commentary on an alternate audio track, and there are actually two extras related to a deleted fantasy scene that reflects the more typically gory side of Cronenberg's style. The only feature of lesser interest is a featurette tracking the film to the Cannes Film Festival.     