 If you need evidence on why David Daniels has been rising so fast as the leading countertenor voice today, you need only listen to this wonderfully recorded disc of Handel's oratorio arias, which captures him at full vocal power with amazing coloratura. Although the countertenor voice is generally described as androgynous and often effeminate because of the high range, Daniels has an intensely passionate style that actually sounds warmer and more masculine than one would think possible for such a voice type. Consequently, he is playing a pivotal role in broadening the audience significantly for not only countertenors but also Handel's wondrous music.  Daniels' first solo recording for Virgin Classics in 1998 (strongly recommended) focused on Handel's Italian operas, while this one focuses on his English oratorios composed specifically for the concert stage. Except for the language difference, the distinction is not all that meaningful since both fully use Daniels' amazing interpretative powers to their maximum. On "The raptured soul" from "Theodora", for example, it's amazing how through his sheer virtuosity and deeply textured tessitura, he can make the repetition of six simple lines sound so compelling over an air that lasts nearly nine minutes. Speaking of which, it's quite satisfying to have four airs from "Theodora" recorded here for posterity, as an aural reminder of his stunning performance as Didymus in Peter Sellars' legendary 1996 Glyndebourne staging of this oratorio (now available on DVD and also strongly recommended).  Starting with a scale-swooping "Destructive war" from "Belshazzar", the entire program is mesmerizing with special mention going to "O Lord, whose mercies numberless" from "Saul" and "He was despised" from "Messiah". Conductor John Nelson and the Ensemble Orchestral de Paris accompany Daniels beautifully and unobtrusively with modern (versus period) instruments, a smart decision giving the pieces a more contemporary feel. The end result is a recital to play again and again...at least until you have the opportunity to hear him live.     