 What a grand, old-fashioned story that author Vicki Constantine Croke tells of widowed socialite Ruth Harkness, who threw caution to the wind in 1936 and came back from the wilds of Tibet with a baby panda she dubbed Su-Lin. In what can be described as a hybrid of "Gorillas in the Mist" and "Lost Horizon", this would indeed make a great movie as Croke describes Harkness as quite the non-conformist, an environmentalist well ahead of her time. Her husband Bill set out to find a panda in the fall of 1934 only two weeks after they were married. He was gone for eighteen months and died in Shanghai. Harkness decides to carry on for her husband, teaming not with her husband's intrepid partner but with a 22-year old Chinese explorer named Quentin Young.  In romance novel fashion, they fall in love despite their age difference amid daunting mountain passes and dense bamboo forests, but their interracial relationship causes a scandal. Together they find the elusive panda, and Harkness focuses all her attention in getting the panda out of the country despite virulent opposition from the Chinese government and jealousy from Smith who later claims that Harkness had stolen it from him. However, she persevered and ultimately transformed the way wild animals were perceived around the world by presenting Su-Lin to Chicago's Brookfield Zoo and subsequently bringing record attendance numbers there. Croke tells Harkness' story with real flourish, especially in her vital descriptions of Shanghai and the Chinese wilderness, but also with an abiding respect for her now-forgotten subject. This is probably best reflected in the way she compassionately shows Harkness' post-expedition problems, primarily her increasing alcoholism and an inability to fit back into American society once she fulfilled her destiny. With a touch of Barbara Cartland and a heavy Hemingway sensibility, Croke's book provides a penetrating portrait of a fascinating woman, and it is also rather simply - one fun read.     