 I honestly have not read a David McCullough book since his masterful biography of Truman about a dozen years ago, and I just read Joseph Ellis' solid biography, "His Excellency: George Washington" last year. So I had some sense of McCullough's literary approach and subject matter before taking on this entertaining book. Although I was initially surprised that this was not more of a panorama of the American colonies during the year of the title, McCullough continues to be a remarkable historical writer simply by refusing to interject his speculation and keeping true to his subjects by allowing them to speak for themselves. Like few other authors, he realizes that the participants' original words back in 1776 convey a personal historical experience far more eloquently than contemporary voices pontificating on what they believe happened. Such explanations are not necessary here because McCullough has the temerity to take a back seat and let the documents he has meticulously researched speak for themselves.  What he does by his method is deconstruct a lot of the mythologies that have fossilized around the gallery of familiar figures during the American Revolution, in particular, Washington as an army general. Like Ellis in his book, McCullough makes Washington life-sized by describing a patrician hero who learned to accept the morally dubious lot of men who came under his command. He persevered through humiliating defeats to the British on Long Island and at Fort Washington until he famously crossed the Delaware to achieve a victorious counterattack in Trenton at the end of 1776. The book basically ends there but not before divulging the personalities of unknown soldiers in Washington's army, for example, William "Billy" Tudor, an officer who had been with Washington since Boston where they were laying siege to the British forces in 1775. His loyalty to Washington is captured in a letter to his wife: "I cannot desert a man...who has deserted everything to defend his country". McCullough also makes human the villains we have come to identify, chief among them King George III. A young man at the time, he was well-liked among at least a third of his subjects in the American colonies. Another third labeled themselves as agitated rebels, and the middle third stood indifferent to his monarchy and the outcome of the war. He was also an idealist as McCullough paints a picture of George not as a despot but as a confused ruler who truly felt being a British subject meant to be free by definition.   But what "1776" is about is the painful struggle and suffering of the people like Tudor, who fought with and against Washington. McCullough is refreshing in allowing his perspective to extend to all the players during the war, including the young British officers who urged for peace to the foot soldiers and generals who saw the battles through. Some historical aspects you would expect to be covered comprehensively, like the development and signing of the Declaration of Independence, are given short shrift in the book, but McCullough's intention is not to cover all the monumental events of that year but rather delve into the otherwise anonymous personalities that fed into our struggle for independence on the battlefield. In that respect, the author has been most successful.     