 Co-authors John J. Miller and Mark Molesky have written an extremely polarizing book about the lengthy history of America's derisive relationship with France. It is also a surprisingly thought-provoking, meticulously researched assessment on a most delicate subject and one that needs greater concentrated attention than it has in the past. Problems between the two countries started long ago, and Miller and Molesky begin their book 300 years ago chronicling the American Revolution and in particular, sharing the eye-opening story of the Deerfield massacre of 1704, when a group of French and Indians massacred settlers in northern Massachusetts. Ever since that epochal moment, France has provided one obstruction after another to the U.S., whether it was the decision to side with the Confederacy during the Civil War or Charles de Gaulle's decision to leave NATO during the Cold War or Franois Mitterrand's denial of French airspace for U.S. warplanes on their way to Libya in 1986. Nations take self-serving stances all the time but not developed countries with economic dependencies on others. That's why France remains unique in maintaining its political vacuum executing a series of decisions and acts that have either hindered or simply not helped the U.S. This is perfectly illustrated by current French President Jacques Chirac's words of gratitude toward American heroism at a D-Day celebration contrasted days later by his derogatory comments of American imperialism in Iraq. The French mindset, according to the book, finds the inconsistency in viewpoint perfectly reasonable, and therein lies the problem.  The co-authors have really done their homework in detailing all the historic events, as well as sharing some fascinating soundbites from figures as wide ranging as Benjamin Franklin, Mark Twain and Winston Churchill, all of whom shared anti-Gallic feelings at one time or another. There is certainly overwhelming evidence to support Miller and Molesky's treatise, yet there are some statements which go over the line such as France's purported accountability for WWII: "The Second World War was as much the product of French intransigence and vengefulness as it was the result of Hitler's lust for domination." There should have been more discussion of French suffering and the resistance movement to counterbalance that remark. One could also argue that although French imperialism had a long-term damaging effect to the native people in Indochina, the same could be said of the American presence during the Vietnam War. Regardless, the co-authors make a compelling case for France as an unreliable ally, a nation unlikely to come to our defense voluntarily any time soon. Clearly France does not pose a threat like North Korea or the al-Qaeda, but it is a country against which we have to be hopelessly and justifiably guarded. If you are still filled with romantic images of Gene Kelly dancing along the Seine in "An American in Paris", then you may not want to absorb the litany of betrayals documented here. But if your mind is geared toward freedom fries and jokes about Jerry Lewis' comic genius, then this may be one of the most educational and unexpectedly entertaining reads you will have all year. Highly recommended.     