 Wealth management is on everyone's mind, and there are certainly a number of reference books of varying quality you can chose from on the bookshelves of Borders. This one is a particularly strong entry into this crowded field because the author has not only worked with successful clients at investment management firms but also has the pedigree to be a convincing evangelist. A Harvard MBA, Stuart Lucas is a fourth-generation heir to the Carnation Company fortune and consequently an expert on multi-generational estate management. What makes this book interesting is that it is not simply a by-the-numbers guidebook into wealth but a generally well-rounded tome that addresses the emotional concerns and giveback issues once investing decisions are made and implemented.  Using his own family background for key examples of his philosophy, Lucas manages to avoid an elitist tone and balances in-depth financial guidance with his own tips on negotiating financial decisions when it comes to retirement planning. He is obviously in a good position to give advice on how to manage wealth received through inheritance, and in turn, he shows how to make sure the next generation can manage the wealth they receive. As an investment professional, the author does not shy away from the details behind various investment options and is generous with quantifiable information. While not that enlightening on its own, the data is essential in his presentation. However, it's the more holistic picture where Lucas excels as he provides helpful guidelines around the following areas:    --Taking charge early  --Aligning family and business interests around wealth-building goals and strategies  --Creating a culture of accountability --Capitalizing on the family's combined resources  --Delegating, empowering and respecting independence --Diversifying while maintaining focus  --Oversimplifying on investment decisions and keeping them in check  --Developing future wealth leaders within the family  Lucas has produced an eminently readable how-to book which certainly does not err in the direction of being too dry on the subject. He uses his own wealthy subsistence as a means to share the wealth, sort of speak, even if the reader is just starting to think about retirement. I think the book is best targeted to his fellow investment professionals, but there is enough here to appeal to the future-challenged layman. Highly recommended.     