 There is a bit of sitcom-level smugness in celebrity reporter-turned-war correspondent Chris Ayres's account of nine days on the front lines in Iraq. After all, nine days is hardly enough time for a personal transformation regardless of the amount of carnage he witnessed. At the same time, his firsthand experiences provide a vividly personalized stamp on the events we see every day on CNN. In his sometimes comic, sometimes provocative account, he tells how he ended up on the front lines, riding toward Baghdad with three Marines in a Humvee and making palpable the amount of firepower the U.S. troops have to sustain the conflict. The Marines were there not only to safeguard Ayres but also to look for base sites for long-range artillery - hardly a cozy assignment.  Embedding journalists with the troops was a new one when Ayres went in 2002, and the press was not enamored with the liability much less the journalistic effectiveness of placing reporters so close to the action. Unlike Ayres, more experienced correspondents who provide most of the news coverage were placed at strategic points around Iraq such as the northern Kurdish area or in Baghdad. The precarious position of traveling side-by-side with the troops is a far riskier move, as was unfortunately seen with the recent injuries sustained by ABC news anchor Bob Woodruff and cameraman Doug Vogt, and from the perspective of military brass, unlikely to yield anything positive other than PR. Because of the constantly mobile front lines, the so-called "embeds" have turned out to play a valuable role in documenting the progress of the war. Consequently, Ayres lends an unexpectedly bird's-eye view into the perils of combat.  On the surface, Ayres seems like the anti-correspondent with no physical prowess or military acumen to get around by his wits. This is the source of most of his comedy as he really oversimplifies his perspective on the war for the sake of gaining reader sympathy. As a self-professed coward, he has been coddled by the intellectual elitism and metrosexual lifestyle of his self-contained milieu. But during his brief adventure, Ayres gets reflective on his own myopic existence and does so by smartly eschewing politics and any examination of whether the war was justified. Instead, he focuses on the absurdity of life on the front lines. As a most unlikely marine, the author is at his most honest when he writes of the soldiers upon whose protection his life depends. It's the journal of an insulated snob brought down to earth by what he has only seen on TV - not overly meaningful but valuable nonetheless.     