 There is something comforting about having a big paperback volume of movie information at your fingertips whether it comes from Leonard Maltin, Roger Ebert or any number of video guides that line the movie book section of Borders. I used to pore through a tattered of Danny Peary's "A Guide for the Film Fanatic" last published in 1986 because I prefer a more eclectic viewpoint. This volume is a bold attempt at something unique based on what must be quite an impressive video emporium in Seattle, Scarecrow Video, which holds over 70,000 titles in a single store.  The book itself contains capsule reviews of nearly 4,000 of those films organized primarily by genre and category such as famous directors. It's a great concept but somewhat challenging to use if you are not prepared to absorb the whole of the book. While I like the idea of such an informed volume, the usability of the book feels compromised when you are relegated to the index for an alphabetical listing to look for a film of interest. As with any such movie guide, each entry includes the film's running time, director, a brief cast list, and usually a combination of a plot summary and an appraisal by one of the book's contributors. This brings up the book's other shortcoming, the lack of a singular perspective that Maltin, Ebert or even Peary provided in favor of an editorial staff of 67 reviewers. Consequently, there is a variable quality to the entries - some feel trivial and truncated, others reflect more meandering viewpoints.  On the upside, there are numerous essays on topics as diverse as anime, Roman Polanski's work, early film music and prolific sex filmmaker Joe Sarno. There are also fun lists such as "Most Depressing Movies" and "Movies You'd Have to Be Kind of an Asshole to Hate". There are even sections for sexploitation, TV series and gay cinema. In the right light and if you have more than a few minutes to kill, this guide can be quite fun, but beware if you are looking for a film to rent fast.     