 Sorry to say that this airborne psychological thriller feels like an overextended episode of "The Twilight Zone" without the irony and with the additional burden of spiraling plot convolutions that amount to a constant decrease in altitude. Jodie Foster is always watchable, and here she pulls out her vast arsenal of pent-up talent to play Kyle Pratt, an aeronautics engineer who is grieving over the week-ago accidental death of her husband in Berlin. She decides to fly back to the states with her young daughter Julia in the expansive jumbo jet she helped design. About three hours after take-off and having awoken from a nap, Kyle discovers Julia is missing, and the plot turns into her frantic search against escalating odds - a disbelieving crew, angst-driven passengers and an alternately sympathetic and dispassionate air marshal. The stacked deck set-up sounds Hitchcockian, a modern-day update of "The Lady Vanishes", but the movie actually feels more like a derivative take on M. Night Shyamalan's "The Sixth Sense" with a Michael Bay-type mindset.  For a movie that clocks in at 93 minutes, it feels unnecessarily long, and the search scenes drone on for quite a while without much emotional payoff. When the twists finally come to light, it becomes even more disappointing for the haphazard way it has all been presented. Director Robert Schwentke provides visual and aural interest but stumbles considerably on not only pacing but also providing a clear line of thought with the characters, their motivations and the subsequent actions. Some of the blame belongs to screenwriters Peter A. Dowling and Billy Ray, who seem more preoccupied with layering the perceived plot developments as a means toward justifying a climax high on octane but devoid of reason. Contributing to the problem is a middle section that reminds me of the worst attributes of the "Airport" disaster movies of the 1970's. There is a potentially interesting scene involving post-9/11 paranoia, but even this angle is botched due to its exploitative nature.  In what amounts to a retread of her "Panic Room" role, Foster manages the balance between desperation and tenacity with her trademark intelligence intact. The problem is that despite the new setting, the performance is unsurprising, and her unbridled strength doesn't resonate simply because we already expect her to be resourceful and uncompromising before the movie starts. Had her character upended Foster's persona, the movie would have been far more interesting. Another surprising disappointment is the generally reliable Peter Sarsgaard, who unfortunately falters quite badly as the air marshal. He seems too cerebral a presence to take on a role of such passive inconsistencies. Even though his role seems the most predictable, Sean Bean fares best as the conflicted plane captain who sympathizes with Kyle's plight but grows hesitant and wary over the mounting contrary evidence. Other fine actors are simply wasted such as Erika Christensen as an unobservant flight attendant and Greta Scacchi as an unctuous therapist.  The DVD has a surprisingly robust package for a recent release with a five-chapter, 40-minute making-of documentary, "The In-Flight Movie: The Making of Flightplan", and a less interesting 10-minute featurette, "Cabin Pressure: Designing the Aalto E-474". Both do their job of making the film seem better than it truly is, though be forewarned that the plot is completely divulged in the former. Schwentke provides informative, sometimes quite insightful commentary on an alternative track. His remarks, especially around the ending sequences, show careful thoughtfulness about certain story elements, though the necessity of retakes proves not enough attention was paid to logical connections and emotional payoffs.     