 This first-time work by director/writer Joshua Marston is impressively unadorned in a way that surprised me because of what I perceived to be the predictable elements involved. For a low-budget indie, the 2004 film also has surprisingly first-class production values, most specifically the very crisp camerawork by Jim Denault, who captures the realism of the various locales - Bogota, New York City, Jersey City - without jittery stylization. The straight-ahead story focuses on seventeen-year old Maria, pregnant and in a dead-end job picking thorns off roses on a Columbian plantation. Tired of her presumed lot in life, she breaks up with her thoughtless boyfriend and connects with a friend who leads her to a drug lord. He offers her a job as a "mule", which means ingesting 62 pellets of heroin and traveling to New York to make the delivery.  The stacked-deck set-up sounds like the plot would spiral into issue-oriented melodrama and "Scarface"-like bloody confrontations. Instead, Marston uses an almost matter-of-fact approach to the escalating complications that Maria faces in taking the job and her ensuing experiences in the U.S. There is a naturally spontaneous quality to the unexpected storyline that propels it with candor and emotional resonance. It helps that the filmmaker found the ideal Maria in big-screen rookie Catalina Sandino Moreno, whose plaintive presence and realistic acting provide the film a genuine soul at its core. The rest of the unknown cast seems incidental by comparison, though there is solid work by Moreno look-alike Guilied Lopez as Lucy, the more experienced mule facing inner turmoil about her decision; Patricia Rae especially powerful in her few scenes as Carla, Lucy's estranged sister living in New York (her no-nonsense but sympathetic character reminds me a bit of the roles Frances McDormand usually takes); and Yenny Paola Vega as Maria's clingy, foolhardy friend Blanca.  As expected, the pellet ingestion scene is painful to watch, and there is some overly convenient wrap-up toward the end that seems to oversimplify the problems Marston painstakingly presents. In fact, at certain points late in the film, I did start to get concerned that he was going to turn the movie into a don't-let-this-happen-to-you parable, but luckily my worries were not realized. Regardless, it's a wondrous debut for both Marston and Moreno, and clearly both are well poised to do great work in the future. There is an informative commentary track by Marston on the no-frills DVD package.     