 Has there been a more dashing swashbuckler than Errol Flynn in the late 1930's? As this 1938 classic attests, Robin Hood is the role he was born to play. Wearing his green tights, speaking medieval dialogue, and brandishing a sword with equal aplomb, Flynn is at his charismatic peak in one of the liveliest adventures filmed during Hollywood's golden era. Hands down, this is the most definitive version of the legend of Sir Robin of Locksley, and much of the credit needs to go to veteran director Michael Curtiz and his predecessor, William Keighley.  In successive turns (due to an astute studio decision), Curtiz and Keighley bring the fanciful tale to vibrant life with breathless pacing, elaborate sets and costumes, memorable dueling sequences and a clever script written by Norman Reilly Raine and Seton I. Miller. For all these virtues, the most lasting impression one has in watching the film now is the amazingly rich Technicolor courtesy of the sharp cinematography by Tony Gaudio and Sol Polito, and from my perspective, even more hue-saturated than the camerawork in the following year's "Gone With the Wind". The colors pop vividly, especially in the ornate costumes designed by Milo Anderson and sometimes a bit too excessively as in the Hawaiian Punch color of the wine pouring out of the damaged barrels.  Set in 12th century England (though filmed outside Chico, California), the story focuses on Robin's outlaw attempts to thwart the usurper Prince John's dastardly plan to take over the throne from his absent brother, Richard the Lionhearted. Loyal to the true king, Robin collects every Saxon peasant he can find to create a resistance movement, and with his band of merry men, he must face not only John but his crafty henchman, Sir Guy of Gisbourne. As if this wouldn't keep him busy enough, Robin falls for Maid Marian, a Norman royal ward who is at first resistant but quickly succumbs to his charms and courage. This is not the type of movie where you think too deeply about character motivations or the veracity of plot developments because this is escapist fare of the highest order.  Casting is perfect even beyond Flynn. The 21-year old Olivia de Havilland is spirited and luminous as Marian shimmering in period costume and looking most breathtaking sans headdress in a diaphanous gown as Robin bounds up to her balcony. Basil Rathbone brings roguish swagger to villainous Sir Guy, and he and Flynn amaze in their climactic sword fight when they move fluidly offscreen and are replaced briefly by their dueling shadows cast on a huge stone pillar. In a severe pageboy wig that must have been the envy of Joan Crawford, Claude Rains plays a rueful Prince John with a mocking malevolence that marks his best performances, "Casablanca" and "Notorious" included. Others fare equally well, including Alan Hale Sr. (his look-alike son was the Skipper on "Gilligan's Island") as a rascally Little John, gravelly-voiced Eugene Pallette as a portly Friar Tuck, Patric Knowles as an erudite Will Scarlet, Herbert Mundin as comical Much-the-Miller's-Son and Una O'Connor as Marian's multi-married lady-in-waiting Bess. Erich Wolfgang Korngold wrote the heroic music score with fervor. This is superb entertainment.  The two-disc DVD set is chockfull of extras, in particular, two hour-long documentaries. One is an informative making-of 2003 feature, "Welcome to Sherwood Forest: The Story of the Adventures of Robin Hood", and the other is the even more interesting "Glorious Technicolor" which explains the color filmmaking process, ideal given that the film represents one of the best uses of the process. Also entertaining is film historian Rudy Behlmer's enthusiastic audio commentary and a Leonard Maltin-hosted replication of what the 1938 movie-going experience was like, including a trailer for "Angels with Dirty Faces", a newsreel, a musical short and a cartoon. There are two more Robin Hood-inspired cartoons, ancient outtakes and bloopers and trailers for 12 of Flynn's films. This is one of the more impressive DVD packages on the market.     