 An obvious space-phile, journalist Andrew Smith has a fascinating idea at the heart of this book - what was going through the minds of the Apollo astronauts as they were hovering over and landing on the moon and how have their lives been affected by such a momentous event. In an ambitious attempt to provide something of a partial sequel to Thomas Wolfe's "The Right Stuff", Smith ventures forth to detail the experiences of the surviving lunar astronauts within the context of the political and cultural environment that produced the space program. For those of us baby boomers who lived through the extensive television coverage of the space flights in the late 1960's and early 1970's, the subject makes for often enlightening though sometimes rather mundane reading about the evolving lives of the astronauts.   Unsurprisingly, all have been and the survivors continue to be space enthusiasts with some like Apollo 11's Buzz Aldrin pushing heartily for renewed investment into space exploration. The author finds interesting common factors among the astronauts - Type-A personalities, either the first or only son in a family, overachievers when it came to scholastic and academic recognition. However, for all their notoriety at the time, they all met challenges once they literally came back to earth. Like an episode of VH-1's "Behind the Music", their rock star-level fame plummeted as government backing diminished, and the effects were devastating for some with accounts of mental breakdowns, divorces and alcoholism detailed. Among the trio that makes up the Apollo mission, Smith also notices a clear distinction between lunar module pilots and the other two personnel on board, the mission commanders and command module pilots. The former tend toward the broader picture of what the missions mean and what may be the metaphysical nature of the journey. Aldrin, for example, shows himself to have a mystical side as a Freemason. When he was on the surface of the moon, he made statements about God and celebrated the Sacrament of Holy Communion. Apollo 14's Edgar Mitchell has an intense interest in consciousness and paranormal phenomena and even conducted unauthorized ESP experiments on the moon.  The commanders and command module pilots, on the other hand, are focused on the mission so completely that they show little evidence of any personal impact. In some cases like Neil Armstrong, there persists a cloud of anonymity about what it is like to be the first man to step foot on another entity of space. In the case of the command module pilot, the lack of an encompassing spirituality obviously has to do with the fact that he does not get to share in the lunar landing experience. For all the insight the author provides on these men, Smith seems just as intent on personalizing his research to the point of sharing his own personal journey with us. This is where his various detours become a bit frustrating and make the narrative feel meandering when it should have greater momentum. Regardless, the extensive interviews he conducts with the surviving astronauts and intimate family members yield some intriguing findings. His eminently readable book provides interest for anyone who has a vivid memory of the adventure and glamour associated with the space program.     