 It's been years since I read John Dean's personal account of Watergate, "Blind Ambition". I was always struck by his courage and ongoing fortitude in identifying Nixon's role in the Watergate scandal. Perhaps there was some self-aggrandizement in his book, but I didn't question his veracity since he went to prison (granted for less than Martha Stewart's sentence) and contributed significantly to Nixon's unprecedented decision to resign the Presidency. The bottom line is that as former White House counsel during the Nixon administration, Dean knows what it takes to bring about grounds for impeachment. Similar to Senator Robert Byrd's charges in his excellent tome, "Losing America: Confronting a Reckless and Arrogant Presidency", Dean takes dead aim at Bush for violating the Constitution by making the executive branch the most powerful arm of the government at the expense of Congress. The difference is that Dean is no gerrymandering enemy of the right but someone who has experienced the fallout of executive duplicity at his own personal sacrifice. This is an important read, well written and comprehensively documented.  The first half of the book focuses on the startling similarities between the Bush and Nixon administrations, especially on the level of secrecy in the Oval Office. But the most interesting finding he provides is Dick Cheney's unprecedented amount of power showing how the country is actually run by the Vice-President (or "Co-President", as Dean says) exhibiting far more authority than a Hillary Clinton could ever dream of exerting. Dean then presents a legitimate case for impeachment based on Bush's purported deception in bringing the nation into a pre-planned war motivated by still-unfound weapons of mass destruction. But Dean presents his greatest indictment for the Bush-Cheney administration's stealth disregard for environmental issues. With legitimate evidence on his side, Dean charges that Bush sacrificed the environment to benefit special interest corporations, which have led to "potentially fatal" consequences, this coupled inextricably with Cheney's in-bed secret relationships with the major oil companies. After hearing Bush give a desultory laundry list of  his environmental accomplishments, I have to say that Dean is right in identifying this as Bush's worst crime.  Dean minimizes the conspiracy theories espoused by many Bush-bashers by providing, as any good lawyer would, a steady stream of data supporting his vitriolic claims against the current administration. This is essential reading before the election, as Dean paints a foreboding picture of how these deceptions will multiply to no end during a lame duck Presidency. It's easy to imagine what legacy Nixon would have left had Watergate not soiled him irreparably....a world leader who ended American fighting in Vietnam and improved relations with the then-Soviet Union and China with personal visits. It's harder to imagine what Bush's less assured legacy will be since the  response to 9/11 was more a civic accomplishment than a national one. That's why an Iraqi war and assumed victory was necessary to him at any cost. Dean proves this point in spades. This book stands tall alongside Senator Bob Graham's "Intelligence Matters" and a senior CIA officer's account in "Imperial Hubris" in portraying a fearsome administration.     