 Co-authors W. Chan Kim and Renee Mauborgne, two esteemed professors from France's leading business school, INSEAD, have written a sharply insightful book about value innovation in a most readable manner. They lucidly explain that the blue ocean is the unstructured demand that is all around us yet due to lack of proactive definition, remains not served. The blue ocean strategy is about delivering a new value proposition so compelling to these unacknowledged buyers-to-be that companies dedicated to such a strategy will not have to deal with head-to-head competition. Their contention is that because established markets in the developed world are saturated, such competition cannot bring attractive returns. This is the dog-chasing-the-tail concept of red oceans, which encompasses most of existing industries where markets are well defined and heavily populated by the competition. Within this schema, it is about confronting an opponent and driving him off the competitive battlefield. Needless to say, competition is fierce, but because the battlefield is a finite territory, profits are minimized and growth is limited.  To write the book, Kim and Mauborgne exhaustively studied 108 companies and found an overwhelming majority, 86%, of new ventures were actually line extensions with the remaining 14% which could be considered enterprises that are creating new markets or industries. To their point, while the 86% generated 62% of total revenues, they accounted for only 39% of total profits. Conversely, while the 14% group produced 38% of total revenues, they generated 61% of total profits. It is this latter group that the co-authors identify as value innovators, those who combine value with innovation as part of their core proposition to the market rather than more superficially in their mind, a marketing position. The authors highlight Cirque de Soleil as one such innovator. The circus troupe has grown its revenue 22-fold over the last decade, despite a spiraling decline in the circus industry. Cirque du Soleil made the competition irrelevant by moving outside the boundaries of the existing industry where the likes of Ringling Brothers have dominated for over a century.  Alternatively, the remaining companies, the 86%, focus on value creation on an incremental scale. The sources for their innovation generally come from technology drivers or overreaching the need that economic buyers want and making products and services for which they are not ready to pay. The most valuable insight that Kim and Mauborgne provide is on the other end of the spectrum, that an excessive focus on the customer is detrimental to long-term profitability. Only when companies align innovation with utility, price and cost positions do they more accurately balance the costs of delivering the value proposition with what the buyer values. Instead of compromising the value wanted by the customer because of the high costs associated with delivering it, costs are eliminated or reduced if there is no or less value placed on the offering by the customer. This is the epitome of a win-win resolution that creates a truly compelling proposition, i.e., customers get what they really want for less, and sellers get a higher rate of return on invested capital by reducing start up and/or operational delivery costs. The co-authors base their entire strategy on the leveraging of these two forces.   At the same time, the focus seems somewhat limited. For all the thoughtful conclusions Kim and Mauborgne provide, the one area that seems to compromise the validity of the blue ocean premise is presuming that a successful strategy will invite competitors and consequently start creating the inevitable red ocean. The co-authors seem to feel an innate incompatibility exists between blue oceans and uncontested markets. The reality is that once the blue ocean company has invested significantly to create a new market, then it will be an easy target to attack and dislodge. That is a sign of the new millennium, as Thomas Friedman concludes in his book, "The World Is Flat: A Brief History of the Twenty-first Century", and it seems idealistic to think that competition as a concept could be irrelevant. The reality of any blue ocean strategy is that business cycled at a much slower rate this past century and such a possibility will be unlikely in the 21st century. Given that any productive blue ocean will inevitably fill with competitors, this leads to a glaring omission on the part of the co-authors, the power of an effective marketing strategy. Without it and the strong execution of one, there can be no successful blue ocean strategy today since it invaluably helps increase market share and provide defense from the competition. Otherwise, the water gets shark-infested very fast indeed.     