 This is not quite the rediscovered masterpiece some have asserted, but there are pleasures to be had with the river-as-life metaphor, which frames and drives master filmmaker Jean Renoir's 1951 film about the waning years of British colonial life in India. As experienced by Harriet, a young, impressionable British girl, the story is essentially one long flashback whose unseen narrator is really the grown-up version of Harriet. Based on a novel by Rumer Godden, her nostalgic descriptions of her early childhood in Bengal conjure up the images presented here of a time long past, when her family lived along a tributary river bank of the sacred Ganges.   There is little in the way of a plot as the movie drifts at a leisurely pace from one episode to the next with the insertion of National Geographic-style documentary scenes, in particular, focusing on the traditional Diwali festival of lights and ceremonies praising the  goddess Kali. The main storyline involves Captain John, a dashing American war veteran who has lost his leg and a sense of purpose, as he shows up and becomes the center of attention for not only Harriet but her flighty friend Valerie and a half-caste friend named Melanie. Along the way, Harriet creates a Hindu-based story to get the captain's attention away from the alluring Valerie, Melanie is on a search for her own identity, and Harriet's mischievous brother becomes drawn to a deadly cobra in the woods. It's fair to say that the plot strands sort themselves out in predictable fashion with death followed by birth to emphasize the continuity of the river that sustains them and the villagers. With the exception of a few British veterans like Nora Swinburne as the mother, the cast is comprised mostly of children and amateurs (including an affecting Patricia Walters as Harriet), which further feeds into the documentary feel of the film. Thomas E. Breen, a real-life amputee, plays Captain John admirably after appearing in only minor roles in a couple of Hollywood movies. Neither Walters nor Breen made another film after this one. Fortunately the lack of experienced actors does not detract from the film's innate exoticism, brightly-hued scenery, and authentic regional music, which provide the idyllic setting for Renoir's exploration of the fragility of human existence. Renoir's nephew Claude produced the luminous Technicolor cinematography, which is captured well though not exceptionally in the Criterion DVD package.  Extras with the Criterion package include a 13-minute 2004 interview with Martin Scorsese, who was instrumental in pushing forward the restoration effort. As a champion for film restoration, Scorsese talks about the film's impact on him as a child and explores in some detail the techniques Renoir deployed in his quest for authenticity. Renoir himself is captured in a brief video introduction for the film, as he discusses the circumstances which brought him together with florist-turned-fledgling producer Ken McEldowney to make the movie. An intriguing, uncompromising man, McEldowney himself is interviewed in just audio format as he discusses his mission to make the movie against seemingly insurmountable odds. The best feature of the package, however, is the hour-long documentary, "Rumer Godden: An Indian Affair", produced in 1995, which traces in visually stunning detail the life of the novelist as she returns to the India of her childhood and revisits remembered sites and memories long past.     