 From Selena to Cheb Mami to Shakira, one can grow wary of the number of overcooked attempts to assimilate into the American pop mainstream, a direction guided generally by pure commercialism rather than a natural extension of the artist. Yet, when I was in Bangkok three years ago, I heard Utada Hikaru's mournful and evocative ballad, "Final Distance", at a local record store and was immediately entranced. Accompanied by a haunting piano, Utada displayed a deep, emotive voice and clear diction that crossed easily between Japanese and English. Her tone reminded me of an interesting mix between Toni Braxton and Kelly Evans with only a hint of J-Pop to make her truly unique.  With that memorable introduction in mind, this new disc genuinely disappoints me. I hardly recognize the voice on this recording, as it is supported by vapid dance grooves and rife with insistent, contrived pop hooks (sample: "You're easy breezy...I'm Japaneesy").  Her apparent soulfulness has been replaced by a rather trendy bombast that reminds me more of a Britney Spears knock-off by way of Evanescence. Utada recruited some top producers like Timbaland to help with her crossover effort here, but the overall result seems so far removed from the talent that originally impressed me. For example, "You Make Me Want to Be a Man" may sound like it would be a provocative song about sex roles, but it's meaningless pop dreck about miscommunication redeemed slightly by the Far Eastern accents. Only one track, "Kremlin Dusk", touches upon the lugubrious pop sensibilities of "Final Distance" with a nice harpsichord-like backbeat. Given Utada's tender years, I am not overly concerned about the emotional vacuum of this CD, as I still hear traces of the fulsome voice that mesmerized me before. However, I think she and her marketing-centric advisors need to rethink her crossover strategy if they expect her to lead the J-Pop pack stateside as there seems to be an over-saturated market of dance pop princesses already. This recording is for her hardcore fans only.     