 Given the lengthy list of unauthorized celebrity biographies and assorted tomes on Hollywood film genres he has written, author James Robert Parish certainly has a passion for the movies and a meticulous perspective on insider information that borders on dishy. These interests serve him well for this mildly addictive book about major movies that failed miserably at the box office. He chooses fifteen particularly egregious cases, each one warranting a chapter of around twenty pages more or less, beginning with Joseph Mankiewicz's 1963 version of "Cleopatra", which led 20th Century Fox to near oblivion, and ending with the head-scratching comedy widely considered to be the biggest box office disaster of all time, 2001's "Town & Country" starring the combined confusion of Warren Beatty, Diane Keaton and Goldie Hawn.  What Parish proves with ample evidence is how studio heads are no different than corporate executives who violate cardinal rules of business on the slim hope of generating a financial hit. When one considers that 1997's "Titanic" generated nearly two billion dollars worldwide on a potentially disastrous budget of $200 million, then the unrelenting optimism held by artistically clueless CEOs seems to outweigh the budget mismanagement related to ego-driven actors and directors. There are lots of interesting nuggets in Parish's book. For instance, 20th Century-Fox was banking quite a bit on having Elizabeth Taylor play the title role of "Cleopatra" as she earned the first million-dollar paycheck for one film, a big deal at the time. Yet, she was beset with pneumonia, meningitis and a failing marriage to Eddie Fisher. On the other hand, she indulged herself in a red-hot affair with co-star Richard Burton and caused a tabloid frenzy that probably helped the picture. However, her star wattage was not enough to come close to recouping the $42 million budget ($260 million in today's inflation-adjusted currency).  Taylor was not an anomaly as a mercurial, unreliable star, as Parish tells of Richard Gere's prima donna rantings on the set of 1984's "The Cotton Club", as well as producer Robert Evans' drug-dealing money. There is also John Travolta's Scientology obsession gone stratospheric with 2000's "Battlefield Earth" based on a pulp novel by his idol, church founder L. Ron Hubbard, as well as the one-two punch of Kevin Costner's epic misfires of megalomania, 1995's "Waterworld" and 1997's "The Postman". The other infamous flops Parish delves into are 1966's "The Chase", 1969's "Paint Your Wagon" (with a warbling Clint Eastwood and Lee Marvin), 1975's "The Wild Party" (amazingly a Merchant-Ivory film), 1980's "Popeye", 1986's "Shanghai Surprise" (with Madonna, enough said), 1987's "Ishtar", 1993's "Last Action Hero", 1995's "Cutthroat Island" and "Showgirls". A financial flop doesn't necessarily mean a bad movie, though judging from the oddly noteworthy list, the correlation seems pretty high. One still wonders about glaring omissions like "Hello, Dolly!", "Hudson Hawk" and "Heaven's Gate", but it doesn't matter since Parish provides enough dish here for a sequel.     