 The daggers will likely come flying for superstar soprano Rene Fleming and her latest recording, a surprisingly assured turn into pop ballads that has been narrowly marketed as her foray into jazz. That's too bad because she acquits herself well here. I was fortunate to see her at the Metropolitan Opera in December playing the demanding title role of Handel's "Rodelinda" and exhibiting a full, dramatically fiery voice with a thrilling legato underlined by an amazing coloratura. What she does here is harness her immaculate technique into more intimate interpretations by lowering her range a full octave (she sounds amazingly like a dusky mezzo here) and creating the illusion of a smoky nightclub with Fred Hersch on piano and the masterful Bill Frisell on guitar. The net effect is often enthralling, sometimes contrived, but nonetheless a notable venture for a gifted singer. As vocal comparisons will be inevitable, I will add mine: Fleming sounds like a throaty amalgam of Anita Baker and Phoebe Snow with a pervasive Streisand pop sensibility. It would be a stretch to label her style here as truly soulful, as she is just too immaculate to achieve gut-wrenching incandescence. In fact, the most recognizable aspect of her familiar singing voice is the sometimes pinched delivery that belies the sauntering material.  The moment she opens her mouth on the opening title track by Howard Dietz and Arthur Schwartz, once you get over the shock, it becomes clear that Fleming is not trying to transport her preternatural opera voice to an ill-fitting setting. In fact, the most refreshing aspect of Fleming's singing here is the languorous quality she achieves even on the most unlikely arrangements for some songs I would have considered untouchable by anyone but the original artists. For example, she averts disaster on Joni Mitchell's classic, "River" (from the stunning "Blue" album), by exhibiting vocal conviction while gently evoking the wishful Christmas-in-LA spirit of the song, though it's marred slightly by Hersch's Vince Guaraldi-style "Jingle Bells" tinkling.  Even more audacious is her one-two covers of Stevie Wonder's "My Cherie Amour" and Lennon-McCartney's "In My Life". With the former, she lacks Wonder's free-spirited romanticism from the outset, but Frisell's guitar bridge is wonderful and she attacks her la-la's with sculpted fervor. In comparison, her take on the Beatles ballad is more full-blooded, and this time, Hersch takes center stage with the piano bridge. It compares favorably to mezzo-soprano Anne Sofie von Otter's rendition of Lennon-McCartney's "For No One" off her Elvis Costello collaboration. Fleming's take on Jimmy Webb's "The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress", however, is far too slow and deliberate for such a delicately written song, and Linda Ronstadt's plaintive 1982 version remains the most definitive. On the upside is her two-stepper, "When Did You Leave Heaven?" with Frisell lending welcome swing to his strumming. Perhaps as a concession to her label, she does not completely abandon her classical oeuvre. She effectively sings a dramatic Mahler lied, "Liebst du um Schnheit", which seems out of sync with Frisell's guitar as sole accompaniment, but there is a more honest beauty in her rendition of Villa-Lobos' sadly yearning "Cano do Amor". It does make me wonder what these two tracks would sound like in her regular soprano voice with a symphony orchestra. There is also an excerpt from "Wozzeck" that opens her happy hour rendition of Hersch's swooning "The Midnight Sun".  A certain sameness does creep into the album by the time the smoky melding of "My One and Only Love" and "This Is Always" appears. The arrangement is virtually identical to the one for "You've Changed" earlier on. But there is a salvation of sorts. Even in a lower pitch, Fleming's old self can be felt in the French art song, Emile Paladilhe's "Psych", and she ends the recording with a poignant, subtly churchy rendition of a Stephen Foster spiritual "Hard Times Come Again No More". I think she could have added a few more up-tempo songs, done a bit more scat, but I applaud Fleming's performance here. Part of me is still torn by the fact that one of the world's leading sopranos would submerge herself so completely and effectively into a pop chanteuse, but I'm also willing to admit the identity reconciliation problems may be all my own perception and not Fleming's problem at all.     