 I thought "Me Talk Pretty One Day" was definitive Sedaris, and I am constantly amazed how he can mine his life with each succeeding book for more nuggets of comic revelation. It's funny how his books remind me of all things, "The Mary Tyler Moore Show", where Mary succinctly explained to Rhoda once in the midst of preparing for an inevitably bad date that she has spent her whole life trying to avoid humiliation. Obviously she didn't succeed, and neither does Sedaris.  The difference with Sedaris though is that he honestly embraces the way life embarrasses him. For that viewpoint, I am grateful and in certain ways empowered by the 22 brief essays on display here.  For sure, Sedaris does not disappoint as he finds more material in his North Carolina childhood, for instance, the TV-less Tomkeys whom Sedaris likes to observe for anthropological reasons since "friendship would have taken away their mystery and interfered with the good feeling I got from pitying them". In fact, writing about his family is also a way of simultaneously expressing his affection and getting even with them, though he's not quite ready to admit it to himself or to his sister Lisa, who is justifiably worried that everything she says will be fodder for his next book. In the chapter "Repeat After Me", he debates with a parrot and faces the uncomfortable realities of using his family members' lives for material. Even more bittersweet is "Put a Lid On It", about a visit to his sister Tiffany, whom unrescued by her family, struggles to get by as an adult after an adolescence spent in reform school.  She's the one who calls him the politically incorrect yet dead-on moniker of "Fairy Poppins" over the phone to their brother.   These remembrances no matter how funny and skewed show Sedaris is getting more introspective and achieving more emotional resonance this time around. In one of my favorite stories, "The Ship Shape", he wistfully recalls a childhood visit to a summer house that his father had promised to buy but could not. In the most honest way, he clings onto the vivid memory that they were once a happy family. In a seemingly odd non-sequitur called "Possession", he captures the typical American obsession for prime real estate when he visits Anne Frank's house in Amsterdam in the midst of his own apartment-hunting. He does not memorialize the memory of the Holocaust but rather unapologetically goes on about what a great place she and her family had during the war from a realtor's perspective. It's a risky move, but he pulls it off because he knows we all have inappropriate thoughts during life's most solemn moments.  But lest you worry that he is on a self-help bender, the key elements of all his other books are still here - the confusion of childhood and the embarrassments of adolescence, the difficulties of connecting, the sense of being a perpetual outsider, the pervasive biting humor. As his family grows to become mine, and as his adventures produce more than just laughs but an oddly tingling sense of dj vu, I look forward to what Sedaris will remember next.      