 I feel something of a kinship with author Kazuo Ishiguro, as I am also Japanese-born and was raised in a culture far removed from it. I sense about Ishiguro the same lingering Japanese sensibilities around contained emotions and delayed self-fulfillment in the way he develops his stories despite the fact that he has been raised in England since age five. In his latest novel set in late-1990's England, he continues to be a poet for the emotionally inarticulate. As with his masterful book, "The Remains of the Day", it takes a while to understand this self-realization gap and even longer for his protagonists to grasp it about themselves. Since it's the nature of Ishiguro narrators to postpone a full reckoning of their place in the world, all we know in the early going is that we don't quite know what's going on. The story focuses on Kathy H, a woman who recalls her strange childhood and how certain interconnected circumstances of her upbringing become foundational to her adult life.  The premise sounds like a new millennium variation on Aldous Huxley's "Brave New World", but what grounds Ishiguro's book is how he details his characters' emotional situation in meticulous detail, that Kathy is struggling to achieve clarity and contentment in a confusing world that seems disinterested in her fate. Very much like what author Mark Haddon did in creating his autistic protagonist Christopher Boone in "The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time", Ishiguro uses Kathy's identity to work out intricate ways of showing the isolated world she has created. Through her navet and laser-sharp deductive reasoning, it appears that Ishiguro is telling us that what makes us human makes us individuals and that the idea of human beings as products programmed to pick up "personhood skills" is a science fiction that may be closer at hand than we realize. Sometimes too clinical, sometimes utterly tedious in its detail, Ishiguro's flawed masterwork still resonates with the deeper questions of what makes us human. Provocative reading.     