 Unfortunately, the current Hollywood big studio practice of remaking TV series of yore into big-budget feature films has reached yet another nadir with this 2005 overblown cartoon of a movie. I should, however, give the movie credit for being perfectly clear on what it is, my backhanded way of saying some movies are deceptively marketed only to disappoint expectations (key example - the dismal update of "Bewitched"). This movie is what it is and nothing more. The source material was certainly not substantive, as the early-eighties series inspired by the movie was simply about two good ol' boy cousins named Bo and Luke Duke, who went on high-speed chases in their souped-up Charger named the General Lee. They were surrounded by stock characters like the nefarious Boss Hogg and aided by their moonshine-concocting Uncle Jesse and their shapely cousin Daisy in cutaway jean shorts.  Despite the inane, derivative nature of its premise, there was some semblance of sincerity in the TV show that has been jettisoned here in favor of cynical bombast and teenage-oriented raunch. There is some hint of a plot involving Bo and Luke's plan to repair the General Lee and win the big road rally in time to stop Hogg's scheme to strip mine Hazzard County. However, nothing has been developed much beyond the premise. Casting poses a problem as well.  As the cousins, Johnny Knoxville and Seann William Scott are not very convincing as good-natured rednecks, as they seem more like MTV party-animal personalities masquerading as Southerners. Jessica Simpson is certainly an eyeful as Daisy, especially in a hot pink bikini, but she is hopelessly stilted when she is called on to say anything. It also seems a shame to waste Willie Nelson rather apathetic as Jesse save for his series of rim-shot redneck jokes, though the most embarrassing moments clearly belong to Burt Reynolds looking surgically altered and somewhat anesthetized as Hogg.  Director Jay Chandrasekhar and screenwriter John O'Brien don't seem to have an ironic sense of the absurdity of the story (like director McG showed to some degree with the first big-screen update of "Charlie's Angels") and miss an opportunity for satire by simply poking fun at Hollywood-based Southern stereotypes. Even a genial ribbing of the TV series could have helped here, but it's obvious the studio executives prevailed as the tepid, by-the-numbers result confirms. Luckily for fans of this genre, there is an abundance of technically impressive, emotionally vacuous car chases. There are loads of bloopers and deleted scenes with the DVD package, some designed to be titillating with the "unrated" label, but the silliest extra may be "Daisy Dukes: The Short Short Shorts", which has the film's costume designers explaining how they made the (in)famous jean shorts. I'm serious.     