 Yesterday I bought a conically-shaped plastic measuring cup called the Perfect Beaker. I like the concept behind the shape because its aesthetically pleasing design combines the function of a standard measuring cup with a tablespoon and fluid ounce measurement all in one container. Silly, I was thinking to myself, but the product actually reflects the tenets of this insightful book by  three academics - Craig M. Vogel from the University of Cincinnati and Jonathan Cagan and Peter Boatwright from Carnegie Mellon. Separately, they are each experts in design, engineering, and marketing, and together they propose an integrated approach to design that combines everything from chaos theory to fantasy fulfillment. Their concept is deceptively simple but like all good ideas, complex to execute, which is why the book is helpful beyond the examples of innovation provided here.  According to the co-authors, each successfully innovative product exhibits a discernible value which fulfills wishes and meets expectations of fantasy. Users of such products see the value as a way to augment their lifestyles. Toward that objective, companies should take seven considerations into account when innovating - emotion, ergonomics, aesthetics, identity, impact, core technology and quality. While the categories may sound like marketing-speak, they resonate clearly when seen as parts of the whole equation. More specifically, the trio asks the innovator what fantasy do people expect from use of the product (emotion), how easy and intuitive is the product to use (ergonomics), how sensory is the product for a user (aesthetics), how compatible is the product to the established brand (identity), how will the consuming public will accept the product and influence each other to buy the product (impact), how does the product function for best performance (core technology) and how long the product will last beyond the initial purchase (quality). Consequently, innovation is a synthesis of these seven considerations and not simply a good idea, as there is a network of decisions that depends on others to fulfill toward a successful product.  Given the number of like innovations in various stages of development, the trio provides helpful guidance on the different kinds of patents available to innovators. Some product designs can be subject to personal interpretation. Design patents have been developed to protect the effort to create aesthetic innovation by protecting the form of an article of manufacture, i.e., a violation occurs if another design looks like the one drawn in a figure that is patented. For products in an even more nebulous state, there is a trade dress, which provides trademark protection for the look of a product or service that associates the product with the manufacturer. In either case, design patent or trade dress, as long as one can use it, one can maintain it. Finally, there is a provisional patent, which gives a company a year of protection at a reasonable cost before it needs to invest in the more expensive full patent. These nuances help motivate what could be a long gestation period before a product is ready to launch.  Seeing what is not obvious to others is what it takes to succeed to innovate. While this is not exactly a ground-breaking conclusion, the co-authors offer a strong stepwise tome to ensure the journey toward fruition is a thoughtful one. As another fine book from the Wharton School, "Making Innovation Work: How to Manage It, Measure It, and Profit from It" states with compelling evidence, the future of competition is innovation and creativity. By refining products with insights into what consumers want, companies will gain a market edge in the new millennium. The Perfect Beaker is a good example of this trend, as it conveys a sense of delight to me, which is the core of pragmatic innovation.     