 I took one look at this amusing book and immediately understood why only the Japanese would revel in these wacky inventions which they call "chindogu". As a Japanese-American myself, I understand the high value placed on self-sufficiency and time-efficiency in their daily existences. After all, these are the people who came up with sleeping tubes and subway passenger pushers. Designer and author Kenji Kawakami and translator Dan Papia promote 200 of these funky devices that range from the conceivably helpful to the hysterically absurd. The humor comes from not only the devices but also the straight-faced photos of the devices in action and the accompanying text that captures the pure huckster cheese of an airline mail-order magazine. Kawakami provides the top ten tenets of chindogu to set the stage for what follows. He considers a chindogu a failure if it is slightly useful, a success if it captures the spirit of anarchy. They cannot be invented simply for humor. They must exist as a prototype but never be patented or sold. Kawakami understands that there is no gadget so unuseless that somebody out there would not buy it if offered, and in this regard, the Japanese have shown more discretion than Americans who would submit their patent applications on a dime.  Expect to giggle quite a bit perusing this book, and here are a few of my particular favorites: * Diet dishes - rice bowls cut in half with a mirror inserted to make them seem like full bowls, marketed with the tagline "Satisfy your hunger with a culinary optical illusion". * Portable subway straps - straps hung on a suction cup that you would place on the ceiling of a particularly crowded subway car. I could easily see using this on BART during rush hour. * Hay fever hat - a chin-strapped ring hat with a toilet paper dispenser mounted on top to allow you to sneeze without incident. * Stormy sky tie - an updated variation of the clip-on tie that doubles as a collapsible umbrella in front. * Baby mops - a sleep-suit quipped with mop-heads so that when the baby is on the floor, he/she can mop the floor at the same time. There are the similarly functional duster slippers for cats. Why not put your toddlers and pets to use on your household chores? * Portable zebra crossing - a rolled-up piece of plastic mimicking a crosswalk pattern so one has the inarguable right-of-way on busy streets. * Self-portrait camera stick - a 57-cm telescoping pole which allows young and apparently shy couples to take pictures of themselves without having to bother passing strangers. The only sacrifice is the constant appearance of the pole in every shot.   The last two actually reflect the Japanese tendency to "save face" by not intruding on others' lives for their own convenience. Consequently I don't think these would translate too well overseas. This is truly a big bento box of fun for those who enjoy the silliness that results from inventive minds focused on the immediacy of their own environments. However, the book also illustrates how close we are in realizing much of this type of seemingly trivial inventions with what we see in Sharper Image and Brookstone catalogs. That may be the primary allure of this pink tome, the fact that we end up laughing at ourselves for ideas we may not have been creative or motivated enough to make real.     