 With its Saul Bass-inspired graphic on the cover, this superb 2006 disc by musical experimentalist extraordinaire Elvis Costello has a pervasive throwback feeling that embraces much of his non-rock work of the past two decades. It's a live recording of the artist's concert performance with Metropole Orkest at the 2004 North Sea Jazz Festival held in The Hague. Unlike others of this ilk, this one has a surprisingly lush sound with the ideal blend between Costello's familiar raspy vocals and the versatile jazz-classical fusion orchestra. In spite of a few moments of audacious failure, the recording provides many aural pleasures for those who appreciate Costello's more experiemental side.  The eclectic program includes new material to Costello as well as jazzy reinterpretations of his classics like "Almost Blue" and "Watching the Detectives". In the former category is the lively opening track, "Hora Decubitus", a swinging Charles Mingus composition for which Costello wrote life-affirming lyrics at the request of the jazzman's widow, while we were in the throes of 9/11. Another high-voltage track is "That's How you Got Killed Before", a bubbling number that comically warns against the dangers of adultery. From Costello's "Trust" album and reflecting the most drastic transformation, "Clubland" is a nostalgic blend of Latin mambo beats and bluesy swing that suddenly turns into a circus-type atmosphere. It's more odd than fun. Percolating beats dominate his almost unrecognizable retake of "Almost Ideal Eyes" complete with the singer scatting away in the opening and a free-for-all jam at the end.  Costello brings back a couple of the more melancholy songs from the Brodsky Quartet sessions, "Put Away Forbidden Playthings" and "Upon a Veil of Midnight Blue", the latter especially well tinged with an elegant supper club feel. I particularly like the angry clash of sounds and words on "Episode of Blonde", which originally came from his "When I Was Cruel" CD. Slower, mood-setting numbers are sprinkled throughout - "Favourite Hour" with its majestic opening of horns; the more classical-sounding dirge, "Speak Darkly, My Angel", written for mezzo Anne Sofie von Otter (but not included in their 2001 collaboration disc); and the swooning title track which seems to cry out for Sinatra's vocals. The one song he leaves alone is his pop masterpiece composed with Burt Bacharach, "God Give Me Strength", from the wondrous 1998 "Painted from Memory" disc, which appropriately ends this recording.  The seemingly polite audience can only be heard in between the tracks an editing trick that certainly benefits the rest of us. The recording as a whole reflects a masterful performance from the most eclectic, surprising and enduring of performers.  There is a bonus CD to give further proof of Costello's versatility as a composer, a streamlined version of his "Il Sogno" suite, a "story ballet" set to Shakespeare's fantasy comedy, "A Midsummer's Night Dream", for a full symphony orchestra. For those like me who already own the 2004 recording, it is obviously not a necessary addition, but it does make a solid thematic companion to the primary CD. Somewhat flawed by an overreach toward conflicting musical styles, the net effect is more cinematic than symphonic, but the playing is exquisite with Michael Tilson Thomas conducting the London Symphony Orchestra. The centerpiece, "Oberon and Titania", reflects what I mean by clashing styles starting with a gently medieval-sounding oboe, which leads to the complementary sounds of clarinet and strings, but then switches abruptly to a lengthy jazz passage complete with Ellington-like riffs that sounds unfortunately like George Benson's version of "On Broadway" cross-pollinated with Bernstein's "West Side Story". Other tracks are more seamless, but the hodgepodge effect lingers throughout.     