 Suffice it to say that the movie version of "Rent", nine years after it exploded on Broadway, delivers the goods in late 2005. That in itself is no small feat since its then-topicality brings the story a somewhat tainted 1990's time capsule feel. Credit needs to go to director Chris Columbus, who has the audacity to bring back six of the eight original cast members and does surprisingly little to alter the story structure for the screen. The late Jonathan Larson's energetic, hook-heavy music is what made the show so memorable to me when I saw it during its first year in New York, and the now-familiar score still maintains its searing drive as it flows through the episodic story of almost starving artists living in the squalor of Manhattan's Alphabet City in 1989 with the AIDS epidemic running rampant (currently the neighborhood is going through significant urban renewal). In fact, four of the eight main characters are HIV-positive, and this makes the story resonate as much as the vital music does today.  Having the cast return to roles they originated nearly a decade earlier when they epitomized twenties angst is a risky move as the characters would seem to be less compelling inhabited by actors now in their mid-thirties. As it turns out, age is not the issue versus the ability of the actors to generate the excitement they did onstage. Their contributions at minimum are solid and effervescent with some standing out, for example, Anthony Rapp as Mark Cohen, the geeky documentary filmmaker who records the lives of his friends with candor and regret. Jesse L. Martin - he of the dazzling smile and honey-coated baritone - seems genuinely liberated from years of button-down civility on "Law and Order" to play computer programmer Tom Collins smitten with drag queen Angel portrayed with unbridled pride and poignancy by Wilson Jermaine Heredia. Martin's and Heredia's giddy duet, "I'll Cover You", is full of such romantic fervor that other more traditional couplings can only aspire to such dizzying heights.  Idina Menzel plays the bisexual performance artist Maureen Johnson with real brio though she seems a bit over-the-top even when not performing her supposedly avant-garde work, "Over the Moon". Despite nailing his passionate solo, "One Song Glory", Adam Pascal looks somewhat lost in his portrayal of Roger Davis, the tortured singer-songwriter who begrudgingly falls for Mimi Marquez, the borderline junkie/exotic dancer downstairs. With her saucer eyes and flirty demeanor, Rosario Dawson replaces original Daphne Rubin-Vega as Mimi, and she turns out to be an excellent choice, showing off unseen singing and dancing skills within the context of the most screen-savvy performance of the cast. She does an appropriately saucy turn on the showstopper, "Out Tonight". Rounding out the principal cast are another newcomer, Tracie Thoms, a belter who plays Maureen's lover yuppie lawyer Joanne Jefferson (and consequently wails with immaculate bravura the bridge to the show's most famous song, "Seasons of Love"), and Taye Diggs, who manages to make the most of the relatively thankless role of Benny Coffin.  No matter the variability of the acting, everyone sings with glorious power, a fact made clear at the outset by Columbus, who smartly has them sing "Seasons of Love" in the manner it was introduced onstage with spotlights on a darkened stage. He also takes cinematic liberties which work in some of the numbers retranslated into the film, such as "Light My Candle", "Tango: Maureen" and "Take Me As I Am". Some like the centerpiece ensemble, "La Vie Boheme", work almost the same way they did on stage with its sheer exuberance intact. Some scenes don't work as well, for example, "What You Own" where Roger is literally living out the symbolic lyrics in Santa Fe. With its more naturalistic tone in spite of the numerous breaks into song and dance, the movie reminds me less of Robert Wise's and Jerome Robbins' adaptation of "West Side Story" than of Milos Forman's take on "Hair". Be forewarned that those who loved the stage version are the ones who will most be in thrall over the film version. That would include me.     