 It's been a scant sixteen years since Nick Park introduced us to his intrepid characters - befuddled inventor Wallace and his stoic dog, Gromit, in the now comparatively primitive short, "A Grand Day Out". Yet, Park and his collaborators - Steve Box, who also co-directed, as well as Bob Baker and Mark Burton - continue to astound with their meticulous craftsmanship, expansive imagination, coherent and clever storytelling and mostly a genuine love for the characters and the eccentric world in which they live. Both "The Wrong Trousers" and "A Close Shave" had similar set-ups to this feature-length film with a nefarious villain lurking about and Gromit ingeniously commandeering a nick-of-time chase finale. The consistent structure is perhaps the only predictable element of this wonderful film.  This time, Park and company tweak the notion of a werewolf movie with a gigantic rabbit that terrorizes an English village in its ravenous search for oversized vegetables. In the dark of night, it lays waste to the neighborhood gardens, and all the stock characters come out to theorize about its origins and next move, including a skeptical, test tube-headed policeman and a Sam Jaffe-like vicar who spouts all kinds of mumbo-jumbo about the beast within. Wallace and Gromit are now running a new business aptly named Anti-Pesto, based on yet another of Wallace's wacky machines, the Bun-Vac 6000, which literally sucks invasive rabbits out of their holes in a humane, cruelty-free way. They run an especially booming business in a community obsessed with the upcoming 517th Annual Giant Vegetable Competition.  The contest sponsor and bestower of the prized Golden Carrot, Lady Campanula Tottington, is intent on using the services of Anti-Pesto to have the beast humanely removed before the competition. However, complicating matters is her caddish, toupee-challenged suitor, Victor Quartermaine, determined to destroy not only the rabbit but Wallace once his affections for Lady Tottington become known. The material is rich with smartly observed parody replete with cheeky references to "King Kong", "Jaws" and "Jurassic Park", as well as the Hammer horror pictures of the sixties and the Ealing comedies of the fifties. Peter Sallis' voice as Wallace is becoming as familiar as Mel Blanc's as Bugs Bunny, and his pixilated tone brings a welcome note of consistency to the production. He is joined by Ralph Fiennes, who has never been so animated as he is as Quartermaine, and Helena Bonham-Carter almost unrecognizably upper-crust as Lady Tottington.  No Wallace and Gromit adventure would be complete without the creators' weakness for puns - cheese lover Wallace's library contains book titles such as "East of Edam", "Fromage to Eternity" and "Brie Encounter"; there's a jar of Middle Age Spread in the kitchen; and a naked Wallace covers his privates with a candy box with the telling label, "May Contain Nuts". All of this is clever, but the real magic of the film comes from the fact that such mercurial facial expressions and fluid bodily movements can be made painstakingly from clay and wood. Somehow it all feels more vital and alive than anything from a computer. You can even see fingerprints on the models, a touch that curiously makes the characters even more magical. Even with no voice to call his own, Gromit is an amazing creation with just his stuffed-animal eyes and furrowed brow. There is an unfettered joy in watching the unerring visual invention show up with each new movie adventure, and I am happy to report that the newest installment is further proof of the magic they make out of their meticulously molded love and care.     