 Writer-director Thomas Bezucha has assembled such a strong, surprisingly compatible ensemble cast that you root for him to produce a holiday classic blending family comedy hi-jinks and soap opera pathos. However, his mixed bag screenplay does not quite hit its marks, especially the predictable fish-out-of-water set-up that dominates the first half of the film. Set mainly in a wintry New England household right out of a Hallmark Christmas card, the story revolves around the Stone family's holiday preparations, which focuses on the arrival of oldest son Everett who is bringing his intended fiancee Meredith with him.  The decidedly raffish Stones are a close-knit, exclusionary clan who have an immediate discomfort with the tightly wound Meredith, an obsessed prig of an overachiever who does not like to be touched or cajoled into situations where she doesn't have full control. Everett's need to look and act perfect is the reason why he is drawn to her, but the family sees an obvious mismatch, especially the salty, take-no-prisoners matriarch Sybil. Everett's snappish sister Amy already hates Meredith from a previous encounter, but laid-back brother Ben is oddly sympathetic to Meredith's outsider status. Meredith seeks emotional reinforcement by begging her sister Julie to come join her. There is also Everett's pregnant sister Susannah with young daughter in tow, as well as Thad, the ebullient youngest son who happens to be deaf, gay and trying to adopt a child with partner Patrick.  That's quite a few characters to track over the course of a 102-minute movie, and one of the main challenges for me is to feel engaged enough with their individual dilemmas. For a holiday film, I do like how the Stones are portrayed not as pretentiously convivial but more as a dynamic, temperamental family unit. Bezucha provides one surprisingly powerful dinner table scene where Meredith makes an unfortunate comment about Thad that she fruitlessly tries to justify to an increasingly enraged Sybil. This oddly insular 2005 film could have used more scenes with the emotional honesty of that exchange, but it unfortunately defaults to well worn comedy elements to ensure the viewer is not put off. Even the poignant ending feels slightly disingenuous for the stacked-deck approach to the inevitable fate of one of the key characters.  The acting is mainly solid, though in a few cases, quite predictable, and in one case, affecting to the point of transcendent. As Meredith, Sarah Jessica Parker seems to overplay her unlikable role toward stereotype. Besides, her straight-laced character's transformation is just a little too jarring to be believable, as she first channels Miranda and then shifts to Carrie in a flash. Dermot Mulroney seems to be stuck in a rom-com rut playing the handsome leading man yet again, though as Everett, he does manage a few moments that delve more than skin-deep toward the end of the film.  As comic foil Ben, Luke Wilson seems to be doing a parody of his brother Owen. Back in "Mean Girls" mode, Rachel McAdams makes a vivid impression as the vitriolic Amy, while Claire Danes, despite an introductory pratfall of no consequence, is called on to be either supportive or smitten as Julie. It's good to see Craig T. Nelson again (even though we certainly heard him in "The Incredibles") as he plays family patriarch Kelly with sympathetic aplomb, but it is the redoubtable Diane Keaton who makes her moments count in likely her best dramatic part since "Marvin's Room". In what could have been a stoically masochistic role, she provides sharp bite and torrents of mother love with honest fervor.  The DVD has a surprisingly robust set of features starting with two commentary tracks - a spotty, anecdotal one by Parker and Mulroney, and the other a somewhat more informative one by Bezucha, producer Michael London, editor Jeffrey Ford, and production designer Jane Ann Stewart. There are also three featurettes - two brief Fox Movie Channel specials focused on the casting and the movie's premiere, a Q&A session with much of the cast, a rather dull gag reel and relatively worthless deleted scenes. There is even a recipe for Meredith's wholly unappetizing strata included.     