 No one can claim New Zealand-born Samoan bass-baritone Jonathan Lemalu of being too reticent. With his ebullient personality, he tackles a wide-ranging repertoire here that is all the more impressive for a relative newcomer only in his mid-twenties. While his youthful, precocious vigor at times belies the weight of some of the material, Lemalu has a powerful chest voice and exhibits a surprisingly assured technique that brings much more variety than I would have expected from his vocal range.  He certainly has a strong affinity with Mozart as his music constitutes nearly half the program. Lemalu gracefully portrays the love-searching bird-catcher Papageno from "Die Zauberflte" with two of his comical arias, the merry introduction "Der Vogelfnger" and the ode to unrequited love, "Ein Mdchen oder Weibchen". He is equally at home singing Leporello's challenging catalogue aria from "Don Giovanni". But his Mozart highpoint has to be his troika of roles from "La Nozze di Figaro (The Marriage of Figaro)" in which he dexterously tackles arias by all three of the work's low male voices: Figaro, Dr Bartolo and Count Almaviva. The best is the latter's wrathful tirade at Susanna and Figaro, "Hai gi vinta la causa!...Vedr, mentr'io sospiro". Comedy characterizations appear to be Lemalu's strong suit. Listen to his confidently accelerated passages hitting each staccato note with glee as the pompous Dr. Bartolo spewing venom at Rosina in the comic aria, "A un dottor della mia sorte" from Rossini's "Il barbiere di Siviglia (The Barber of Seville)", or how Lemalu conveys the girth and bravado of Falstaff as he belittles the concept of honor in "Ehi! Paggio!...L'onore! Ladri" from Verdi's "Falstaff".  At the same time, the singer appears adept at roles requiring a high sense of drama, roles he apparently has yet to tackle on the stage, such as Prince Gremin's aria from Tchaikovsky's "Eugene Onegin" in which he sounds like a mournful foghorn at the end. Or the two arias where he plays the sinister Mephistopheles, the first is the moonlight serenade mocking Marguerite, "Vous qui faites l'endormie",  from Gounod's "Faust", and the second right afterward as Lemalu captures the same character's melodrama confronting Faust complete with devilish whistles in Boito's "Mefistofele". He concludes the program as the condemned Dutchman mourning his plight on "Die Frist ist um" from Wagner's "Der fliegende Hollnder (The Flying Dutchman)". I can only imagine what he will be able to do with these heavier roles once he is required to unearth the vocal nuances within a full-fledged production. The recording took place in New Zealand's capital Wellington, where Lemalu is accompanied by the full-sounding playing of New Zealand Symphony Orchestra, under the expert baton of conductor James Judd. Lemalu may look like a professional wrestler, but his impressive set indicates a bright future and an amazing talent to watch.     