 David Sedaris has a voice like no other. His observations seem random but somehow produce compelling autobiography on its own idiosyncratic terms, even if it isn't a straight-through chronology of his life. This book moves quickly through signposts in his life, as he evolves from an effeminate boy with a lisp...to a guitar-strumming college dropout...to an aimless writing teacher in Chicago...to a self-proclaimed no-talent performance artist...to an American living abroad with his partner Hugh in France. What ties these different stages together is his constant sense of the absurd and an acute ability to include himself in that world, not as an observer but as someone who creates an existence that is simultaneously at odds with yet strangely compatible with the world around him. Sedaris seems as much an eccentric as everyone else in the book, especially compared to his family, even compared to his deliciously wacky sister Amy, but he still stands out as a character without alienating the reader, no mean feat. Sedaris does not use cheap sentiment, and I like how he takes me on his journeys no matter how bumpy.  The second half of this book focuses on his adventures settling into the Gallic world, where his boyfriend owns an 18th century house in the French countryside. Sedaris does not take the easy way out by ridiculing the French but hilariously describes the quixotic nature of language barriers. The chapter, "Jesus Saves", is a great illustration of how he captures the quirkiness that befalls all sorts of international students trying to make sense of the French language on their terms by having everyone explain what Easter is.  But I have to say my favorite section is earlier on when he discusses his succession of pets and the sadness he felt when someone brought up "euthanasia" for his aged cat Neil, in the aptly named chapter, "The Youth in Asia". Sedaris brings up a cherished memory for me by remembering "Fatty and Skinny", the Japanese movie that showed up periodically on Saturday mornings with Kukla, Fran and Ollie in the sixties. His vivid recollection of this movie completely embraces me, as his memories match mine completely, especially when Fatty climbs the pole to the cruel taunts of his schoolmates and then cries out his friend's name for forgiveness of his failure, "Komatsuuuuuuuuuu!". I had the privilege of meeting David Sedaris at a book signing this past summer where I could share this with him, and so in my copy of this book, he signed.... "Komatsuuuuuuuuuu!" How funny and dear this man is, and what a wonderful read this book  is.     