 When I finished reading this book, I was aghast for many reasons, amazingly the least of which had to do with her advocacy of limited racial profiling of male Arab-Americans. As a third-generation Japanese-American, I just had to pick up the book once I saw the inflammatory title and side-by-side mug-shots on the cover. As I started reading the book at the store, it started deluding me with cogent, almost matter-of-fact statements. Author Michelle Malkin was compelled to raise a valid debate between national security and civil liberties, but her book is based on a centrally flawed premise - that racial profiling is perfectly acceptable and that limited implementation of such programs is possible and can be quite effective in warding off terrorism. To some degree, I can appreciate her willingness to take on the more politically incorrect position here, and it's good to put the wartime treatment of the Japanese-Americans in perspective. There are certainly enough pages of annotation to make one think she has the evidence to support her convictions.  However, Malkin's book is not useful as a history lesson, as it remains ignominiously a polemic that relies on overstatement and an unfiltered chain of arguable findings. Much worse though, she exhibits neither the courage nor integrity necessary to address the controversy of this book. Malkin makes it clear that she supports "narrowly-tailored and eminently reasonable profiling measures". So why does she take the onerous burden of defending the wholesale eviction and detention of an entire ethnic group from the West Coast during World War II? If the paranoia raised by the Magic intercepts is the basis of her rationale, how reasonable would it be to try segregating suspects from an ethnic group through her recommended profiling measures now? If as Malkin states repeatedly, Japanese-American internment was justified, then she would have far more credibility if she supported the wholesale internment of Arab-Americans now. Instead she weakens her own argument for fear of facing a greater scope of rage. Too bad she is incapable of being consistent on the one pervasive point of the book.  Malkin's perspective seems eminently logical but with no sense of historical lessons learned. By identifying facts equally, by carefully selecting statistics that lack a larger context, she manipulates the readers by tapping into their greatest fears of the next terrorist attack and mobilizing the government to take steps too simplistic for such a complex problem. What Malkin fails to acknowledge is that terrorists come in all colors. There would be no end to the type of persecution she advocates. The disturbing core of this book is that Malkin makes a series of findings however arbitrary look as if it poses for historical truth. Malkin claims to set the record straight, when in reality, she is distorting selected facts to fit her political position. The same can be said for Michael Moore, but at least Moore advocates using the democratic process to rid us of the current administration. Pushing one's agenda would be fine if one can discern a viable course of action to address the wrongs he or she highlights.  Instead, her impossible recommendation shows she is not interested in developing a realistic solution but racist paranoia, the same that led to the original decision for the internment camps. I'm sure many - including Malkin - will discount my opinion because I am Japanese-American and apparently incapable of reading this book with objectivity.  She just proves the adage that those who don't learn from history are doomed to repeat it. Sadly she expects us to spend twenty bucks to validate her ignorance. No thanks...I returned the book and instead bought Senator Robert Byrd's "Losing America", so I could read an author who at least has the courage of his convictions.     