 Very much in the vein of the original Tolstoy novel upon which it is based, as well as the two extravagant movie versions, this production of "War and Peace" is epic in every sense of the word. It is a magnificent staging of Prokofiev's massive opera, directed with great emotional sweep by an American, Francesca Zambello. There are 43 listed roles, though there are dozens more that make up the chorus and background scenes. The scenic design, as you would expect, is impressive. It is no wonder this is rarely staged and consequently ideal for DVD, especially for the four-language optional subtitles (it is sung completely in Russian) and digital sound.  So big is the thirteen-scene, 3 1/2-hour production that it's split into two discs - the seven scenes of Act I, "Peace", are on the first and the remaining six on the second, Act II, "War". Among tastefully opulent sets, "Peace" depicts the carefree, luxurious life of Russian aristocracy focusing on the love story of Natacha Rostova and Prince Andrei Bolkonski, including a lovely and rather complicated ballroom sequence. The disc ends with a stunning choral epilogue that builds from Pierre's response to the news that the French have entered Moscow. It's an effective juxtaposition of the original production where this piece actually began Act II when war is declared between France and Russia. With impressive battlefield details laid out in dark shadows, the second part depicts various events of the war highlighting the two opposing commanders, Kutuzov and Napoleon, and including the battle of Borodino, the climactic scene between Natacha and the dying Andrei, and finally the triumphant liberation of Moscow. Not a moment is wasted, and Zambello made some significant edits, especially in Act II and probably to the consternation of purists, to ensure the dramatic intensity of the piece remains unabated throughout. She succeeds admirably and even achieves a very clear sound onstage, amazing when one considers the scope. The clarity seems particularly critical in light of Prokofiev's music - powerful, often beautiful and effectively mood-changing to match the flow of life and death throughout the piece.  Zambello has assembled an excellent cast of mainly Russian performers in order to remain true to the libretto. As Natacha, soprano Olga Gouriakova is radiant and youthful with a stunning coloratura that amply conveys her character's passionate spontaneity. During Act II, Kutuzov is sung very well by bass Nikolai Anatoli Kotcherga, and he gives a strong reading of the Field Marshal's big number. As his larger-than-life counterpart, Napoleon, baritone Vassily Gerello is splendid without being overwhelming. In exception, two Americans play the pivotal roles of Andrei and Pierre. Baritone Nathan Gunn is ideal as the prince - handsome and dashing in appearance, appropriately brooding when it comes to his conflicted love for Natacha, and a powerfully masculine voice of warmth and openness. With their voices beautifully intertwined, Gunn and Gouriakova handle Andrei's death scene with a wondrous intimacy unexpected in an opera of this scale. Tenor Robert Brubaker (who bears a striking resemblance to Elton John) sings the role of Pierre with surprising intensity, even when he shows the vulnerable side of his character. His approach works in highlighting Pierre's strong intellectual curiosity about life and society. The chorus is used effectively throughout to intensify major scenes, in particular, the ending to both acts.  Filmed at the Opra Bastille (Paris National Opera) in 2000, this is a stunning achievement photographed with cinematic flair and performed with singular beauty by all involved. Music director Gary Bertini conducts the French orchestra with a fitting balance of epic drama and emotional depth. An impressive achievement given how sprawling Prokofiev's music can be here. Kudos also to the impressive sound and dramatically effective lighting, especially during the "War" section. It is no wonder the ending bows and curtain calls seem endless. There is an accompanying documentary on both discs, which runs about eighty minutes in total. In surprising detail, Zambello shares how she coordinated this effort, and it is eye-opening to see the intensive rehearsals and personal interviews with the cast. Strongly recommended.     