 Master film auteur David Lean was at a transitional point when he made this 1955 film classic. He was just ending his period of smaller, more intimate British films like "Brief Encounter" and "Hobson's Choice" and just beginning his phase of international widescreen epics such as "The Bridge on the River Kwai" and "Lawrence of Arabia". Unsurprisingly, "Summertime" has elements of both types as it is really a character study of an American tourist in the throes of passion in Venice, photographed in all its visual splendor by Jack Hildyard. Never has the floating city looked more enticing on film, and it goes much deeper than a postcard tableaux to an enriching view of the natives she encounters there, whether it is the worldly owner of the pensione or the street urchin or the antique shop proprietor. All would be prime material for romance-novel stereotypes, but Lean makes them far more interesting than that (though unfortunately the Americans staying at the same pensione are more of what you would expect from a "If It's Tuesday, It Must Be Belgium"-type comedy).  At the center of all this is Jane Hudson, a fortyish self-described "fancy secretary" from Akron, who has saved up for this once-in-a-lifetime three-week vacation in Venice hopeful that life there will open doors to fantasies she has harbored since she was a young girl. Even though Katharine Hepburn is among the most dialogue-driven of actresses, her entrance into Venice is hushed, and Lean intelligently uses a lack of dialogue to capture her awestruck reaction to Venice when she first arrives and her hesitant responsiveness in Piazza San Marco to the seductive gaze of the married shop owner, Renato de Rossi. Of course, Hepburn expertly captures Jane's loneliness, sexual repression and need for social acceptance with her typical defiance. Her classic, accidental back-flip into the dirty canal water is evidence of that backbone even on vacation. She has a couple of wonderful scenes where she first describes why she came to Venice to Signora Fiorini and when she confronts her deep-seeded sadness as she sits alone on the back terrace of the Pensione Fiorini after everyone has left for their dinner engagements. Her character's evolution is relatively quick as she understandably melts under the oppressive beauty of the city and Renato's suggestive overtures. Even though Rosanno Brazzi played a number of similar lover-types throughout the fifties and sixties, he deepens Renato into more than a standard Continental charmer (probably necessary since Hepburn does not suffer fools gladly even at her most romantic), and it's not hard to understand Jane's quivering appetite for his attention in spite of her initial protest of his married state. Their burgeoning love affair is subtly enveloping for the obvious deflowering of Jane and the elimination of years-old protective layers in front of the too-romantic-to-be-true Renato. The ending is inevitable, and Hepburn makes Jane's heartbreak and self-realized liberation palpable. Amid exotic settings, Lean is among the most humanistic of filmmakers, and he makes Hepburn (in one of her best performances) and Venice dynamic co-stars worthy of repeated viewings.     