 One can be grateful that Cary Grant and Audrey Hepburn co-starred at least this one time during their illustrious careers since they were likely the two most sophisticated, urbane stars to grace the screen. Just saying their names together and the chemistry between them seems assured. They were supposed to appear together in "Roman Holiday" and "Sabrina" (according to Marc Eliot's recent biography on Grant), but in retrospect, it's probably a blessing that they waited until 1963 when both were at the peak of their abilities exuding a confidence that is deceptively casual. Stanley Donen, who had worked with both actors before, has expertly directed a supremely entertaining thriller juggling suspense with a romantic comedy sensibility.  Although many consider this film derivative of Hitchcock, in particular, "North by Northwest" (also strongly recommended), I have to say that Donen sets up Grant much more convincingly as a potential villain than Hitchcock did in "Suspicion". It's also obvious that Donen adores Hepburn (consider "Funny Face" and "Two for the Road", the latter especially recommended), and in this, arguably the least of their collaborations, she is far more interesting and provocative than the usual damsel in distress. Perhaps liberated by her then-recent Holly Golightly in "Breakfast at Tiffany's", she is surprisingly forthright sexually with Grant. Much of the credit also needs to be given to screenwriter Peter Stone, who penned a clever script revolving around a young wife in Paris named Regina Lampert, whose husband is mysteriously murdered, and then is besieged by a gallery of unsavory characters, her husband's old WWII Army buddies (a Texas-twanged James Coburn and a scarifying George Kennedy among them). Providing protection, sort of speak, are a solicitous U.S. intelligence agent named Bartholomew, played with characteristic dryness by Walter Matthau, and of course, Grant, debonair as ever under various pseudonyms starting with Peter Joshua. Twists and turns abound amid the glamorous Paris settings, Hepburn's smart Givenchy clothes and several comedy set pieces like the rolling orange game in the nightclub, some steamy nuzzling in an interpreter's booth and Grant's impromptu "drip dry" shower.  Even though the ending is never really in question, the journey there is quite enjoyable as it hinges on whether Grant will ever inspire Hepburn's trust and on all of the characters getting their hands on a stash of money left behind by Regina's dead husband, the form of which provides one of the more intriguing plot turns. I particularly like the climactic, much-imitated chase scenes through the Paris metro and ending on a stage with a tic-tac-toe trapdoor awaiting the fate of the villain. The Henry Mancini score certainly sustains the suspense and romance topped off by the familiar title theme. If you can get your hands on the Criterion Collection DVD, the film transfer is exceptional, and Donen and Stone provide insightful, often quite funny commentary on an alternate track. This is one classy thriller and great fun.     