 From Lonely Planet to the Rough Guides, location-specific guidebooks generally seem so transient since a purchase generally depends upon an upcoming trip and soon afterward ends up in a storage box collecting dust or on craigslist for sale. There is no incentive to return to the book once the trip has ended. However, while on vacation having breakfast just last weekend in the Chelsea neighborhood, a complete stranger asked to borrow my copy of this guidebook because he wanted to give his dining companions an instant visual cue to some of the top sites to visit in New York. Rarely have I seen a book so constantly used and displayed in public without hesitation as I have with this one. I happen to be a long-time fan of the series of Dorling Kindersley's Eyewitness Travel Guides as I find them unique in the travel resource field.  The Eyewitness Travel Guides are terrific both as a backpack resource and as a keepsake afterward. I have about ten of their books on my shelf, and the New York City guide is a particularly strong entry in the series since there is such a robust amount of information to cover. Thanks to its pleasing graphics and intuitive organization by neighborhood, this is one guidebook I use often even though I am quite familiar with Manhattan. Of particular use are the detailed pictorials showing animated aerial shots of neighborhoods and cut-away floor plans of heavily visited buildings like the Empire State Building and the newly renovated Museum of Modern Art. It also helps make geographic sense of neighborhoods that allow you to navigate easily through them by pointing out recommended sights.   The first part of the book presents a brief history of the city that is both interesting and useful, as events are cross-referenced to sights you would want to see there. There is a well-presented survival guide toward the end of the book that highlights important travel information as well as recommendations on where to stay, shop and eat. Moreover, there is a comprehensive street finder for Manhattan, which helps you navigate without the inconvenience of fold-out maps plus the all-important subway map. All this information is contained within a user-friendly, laminated paperback format that slips easily into backpacks and holds up well against inclement weather. By no means is this the end-all guidebook for New York City, but it does provide a solid foundation as you scoop up your copies of the New Yorker and Time Out to see what is current and worth seeing.     