 I have got to believe Thomas Jefferson would be the first to laugh at the foreword he supposedly wrote for "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart Presents America: A Citizen's Guide to Democracy Inaction". Our third President purportedly asserts "You moderns have a tendency to worship at the altar of the Fathers," but "he" ends with a vital description of the Constitution as "a living document based on principles that transcended the times we lived in...a blueprint for a system to endure." Well put, as Jefferson was a true Renaissance man, a constant inventor and unequivocally a founding father in the history of democracy in this country. His ideal for the way this country should be run is as relevant now as it was back then, and I'm so glad Thom Hartmann's comprehensive and eminently readable book vouches for that fact in lucid terms. At a time when the Bush administration flagrantly disregards the Constitution and the ideals expressed in the Declaration of Independence, Hartmann reminds us that we were founded on noble and then innovative principles that once protected the civil rights of its citizenry.  More than coincidentally, Hartmann focuses on why we so clearly need to separate church and state and the reasons why Jefferson was so passionate about this issue from witnessing the ramifications of a tyrannical clergy in England. In his day, there was a powerful movement to make the Ten Commandments the basis of American law, but Jefferson recognized how easily the alliance between church and state in England has led to unprecedented fraud among the judges who were appointed to uphold it. Clearly, the conservative right has been amassing power in more subtle ways today but to the same inevitable conclusions. Jefferson's thoughts on freedom of speech turn out to be equally prophetic, as Hartmann explains that fairness and accuracy in reporting has been torpedoed by the major broadcasting companies more interested in their bottom line than upholding government regulations on speech. The author is particularly effective in responding to the ideals set forth by the conservative movement, as articulated, for example, in Russell Kirk's seminal work, "The Conservative Mind". One of Kirk's claims is that a right to property is a prerequisite to freedom, because without property other rights are meaningless. Hartmann rightfully claims property to be the result of other more basic rights since Kirk's logic builds in a financial value that produces inequity in its foundation. This is a terrific history book made relevant by Hartmann's intensive data collection and insightful observations. It will motivate you to do what you can to uphold the democratic principles that were meant to ensure us civil liberties and individual freedoms. Strongly recommended.     