 Dressed in form-fitting Halston outfits and sporting her Louise Brooks pixie cut, fresh-faced Liza Minnelli, all of 26, takes center stage at Broadway's Lyceum Theater in a live recording of a 1972 concert show staged specifically for TV by director Bob Fosse. Their collaboration still impresses with its sheer exuberance and dazzling choreography. At the time, Minnelli was just coming off her accomplished performance in Fosse's film version of "Cabaret", and the world was her oyster. He shows an innate understanding of what works for her, and in turn, she delivers the goods in full razzle-dazzle mode backed by an impressive set of Fosse-stylized dancers. The eclectic program is a mix of show tunes by her mentors John Kander and Fred Ebb, then-contemporary pop songs and cobwebbed showbiz standards.  The opening number, Kander and Ebb's "Yes", quickly establishes the show's momentum with its driving rhythm. Minnelli's preference for dramatic story songs is well served by Charles Aznavour's sonorous "You've Let Yourself Go" and Kander and Ebb's comical "Ring Them Bells". The "Cabaret" medley is inevitable but spectacularly performed with her smoldering take on "Maybe This Time" the particular standout. I'm surprised how well she handles songs I would have thought were ill-suited for her, such as Billie Holiday's "God Bless the Child", Joe Tex's "I Gotcha" or Ronnie Wilkins' "Son of a Preacher Man". While there are more definitive versions of those songs around, Minnelli covers them with true showbiz brio and a minimum of contrivance.   The high points of the special have to be the two oldest songs performed - a pull-all-the-stops version of Al Jolson's "Mammy" with Minnelli enthusiastically going on one knee like her legendary predecessor and the Fosse-finessed, white-gloved song-and-dance ensemble of "Bye, Bye Blackbird". I had the pleasure of seeing a recreation of this number in "Fosse", the Broadway tribute musical, but the superb choreography of the original now surpasses my memory of the later performance. The sound is quite good thanks to the painstaking restoration efforts of producer Michael Arick, though I have to admit it takes a while to get used to the graininess of the 16mm filming, which gives the special a documentary-verite visual style. Minnelli and Fosse have produced an astonishing 52-minute performance, and it's one well worth experiencing.  The 2006 DVD has an abundant set of extras beginning with Minnelli's enthusiastic commentary track. Now at age sixty and sounding like someone's dotty aunt going through a family album, she is so energized by the special's revival that she selflessly pays tribute to everyone who worked on it and giggles over her youthful zeal. Her exuberance really comes across in the 40-minute Q&A session after a showing at the Toronto Film Festival. Also present on the panel are Arick and restoration producers Craig Zadan and Neil Meron. Giggly and chatty, Minnelli takes a while to calm down enough to listen to the questions and even shows her mother's zingy wit by the end. Separately, Minnelli conducts a nostalgia-filled interview with Kander (Ebb passed away in 2004).  There is an excised number from the special pieced together by Arick - "Mein Herr" from "Cabaret", the choreography of which looks nearly the same as the number in the movie. Of more recent vintage is Minnelli's poignant performance at the 2005 GLAAD Awards of Aznavour's "What Makes a Man a Man" after Minnelli received the Vanguard Award. It shows her vocal strength somewhat diminished but not her interpretative skills. Also included is the 84-minute A&E "Biography" special of Minnelli's life and career from 2004 with a generous amount of archived stills and film clips and snippets of interviews with Minnelli, Chita Rivera, schoolmate Marvin Hamlisch and a most surprising fan, Mary J. Blige, among others. As if that was not enough, the package also includes a CD of the TV special soundtrack.     