 "Quirky" doesn't begin to describe this alternately capricious and thoughtful look at the intersection of lonely souls in this low-budget 2005 film. Directed and written by performance artist and first-time filmmaker Miranda July, it has been reaping a bevy of awards and even made Entertainment Weekly's Top 10 film list for 2005. At the same time, it is an acquired taste with some offbeat moments of true originality and a pervasive banality that can get frustrating over the course of its ninety-minute running time. In her idiosyncratic way, July seems to be trying for the sensibilities of a film like Paul Thomas Anderson's "Magnolia", but she doesn't really get beyond the abject loneliness of her characters.   The plot plays out in a string of odd episodes focusing on Christine, an aspiring performance artist moonlighting as an "Eldercab" driver (i.e., driving senior citizens around), and Richard, a shoe salesman and father of two reeling over his wife's decision to leave him. Based on a randomly insightful comment Richard makes to Christine in selling her some pink shoes, she boldly attempts to initiate a relationship, but this is only one of several plots strands that the film covers. The others involve Christine's persistent plea to have her work accepted by the curator of the local contemporary art museum, Richard's struggles in being a single parent, the pathetic obsession that Richard's co-worker Andrew has for two pubescent girls, the sexually deviant chatting that Richard's sons conduct with a grown woman online and a young girl's precocious need to organize her dowry. There are scenes so eccentric that they actually work, for example, the oddly elliptical conversation Christine and Richard have as they stroll to the end of the block or the scene with the goldfish hanging onto life on the hoods of moving cars. However, the tone gets wearing as the film's episodic nature doesn't lead to any resounding conclusion or satisfying epiphany.  July herself plays Christine amateurishly though with a realistic awkwardness as I imagine her fictitious and factual selves are interchangeable. As Richard, John Hawkes brings a palpable desperation to his role that is probably the most realistic aspect to the film. The rest of the cast feels like indie-film regulars, though six-year old Brandon Ratcliff steals his scenes with his plaintive manner and nonchalance in developing an Internet relationship with an older woman. In fact, his scene in the park near the end achieves an ironic poignancy that the rest of the film sadly doesn't accomplish. The irritating carousel music that serves as the score is by Mike Andrews. The DVD's only worthwhile extras are six deleted scenes, all as eccentric as the film itself. You can certainly sense July's aspiration to achieve something transcendent here, but bottom line, this film is definitely not for everyone.     