 Anyone who has taken an introductory film class knows Thomas Ince was a pioneer filmmaker who could never live out of the shadow of D.W. Griffith. Part of this has to do with talent and the other part with his fast lifestyle. This film barely touches on either aspect, but it does venture forth a theory on how he died in November 1924. One-time wunderkind director Peter Bogdanovich has made an intriguing historical fiction by surrounding Ince with a gallery of larger-than-life characters aboard publishing mogul William Randolph Hearst's yacht. The occasion is Ince's birthday party, and the story ends with his death. How his death occurred is a matter of speculation, but Bogdanovich, along with screenwriter Steve Peros, has fashioned a period murder mystery focused on the volatile love triangle of Hearst, his mistress Marion Davies and Charlie Chaplin. According to this version, Chaplin is constantly on the make for the alluring Davies, and Ince is more than willing to spy on them for Hearst so that the mogul will fund his failing movie-producing career. Chaplin finally makes his conquest after a huge drug-and-sex orgy, Hearst finds out and then a series of tragic consequences occur.  At first, Kirsten Dunst seems an odd choice for the vivacious Davies, as the actress is too young to be a credible magnet for two such powerful men (though ironically, Chaplin preferred the company of much younger women). But she actually grows in the film until she finally captures the world-weariness of her character in the final scenes. Edward Herrmann plays Hearst like he played FDR, full of bombast but this time, with a decided sadness and made all the more pathetic by the vast age difference between his character and Davies. British comedian Eddie Izzard makes a credible Chaplin, though he seems relatively constrained by the role, as does Cary Elwes who plays Ince with just enough desperation to make his fate seem less than criminal. Out of  "Ab Fab" mode, Joanna Lumley is quite effective as writer Elinor Glyn, who narrates the story, but Jennifer Tilly is grating as the clinging gossip columnist Louella Parsons, the only one to benefit from the scandal and become a Hollywood power doyenne for thirty years. It's an interesting story told competently but not all that memorably, but this one is definitely up Bogdanovich's alley as he enjoys Hollywood history like no other filmmaker.     