 Although Thomas Jefferson was the great Renaissance man among US Presidents, Abraham Lincoln was the great conciliator, a defining trait that became invaluable during the nation's only home-fought civil war (so far). Presidential historian Doris Kearns Goodwin makes this very clear with her meticulously researched, thoroughly readable volume on Lincoln's presidency. Beyond his plain-spoken manner, his uncommon gift was for reading people instinctively and persuading them to work together in following his vision. That vision, as anyone with any memory of an American history text book knows, is eliminating the expansion of slavery into federal territories.  Beating out three high-profile national candidates - William Seward, Salmon Chase and Edward Bates - for the Republican nomination for president in 1860, Lincoln enacted the unthinkable - he made all three competitors key members of his cabinet: Seward as Secretary of State, Chase as Treasury Secretary and Bates as Attorney General. Staying true to his vision, Lincoln managed by cleverly playing on their egos and senses of duty and persuading them to serve in his cabinet, even though the appointments meant ignoring political debts and other partisan imperatives. What made this executive decision all the more impressive is that the nation was at that moment polarized over the issue of slavery - with abolitionists in the North, secessionists in the South and compromisers from Missouri to Maryland making and breaking deals of convenience. With the aid of those three key players, Lincoln had to negotiate between radical and moderate Republican leaders, who were often far apart on the issues, while attempting to win support from War Democrats and loyalists in the seceding states.  This is not to say Lincoln was nave in his approach. In fact, Goodwin describes an extremely bumpy ride along the way, as Lincoln's presidency was marked by confrontation and controversy. In fact, he was sometimes incapacitated by depression perhaps brought on, as Goodwin asserts, by an abusive father. Nonetheless, his melancholic nature did not prevent him from relying on his defining instincts on the political scene back then - a self-taught wisdom, generosity, shrewd judgment and a trust in America's nobler impulses and instincts. But beyond the noble characteristics was Lincoln's uncompromising nature, and as Goodwin observes with acuity, he frequently overstepped the traditional bounds of executive power. For example, he issued executive orders suspending habeas corpus, imprisoned opposing government officials, and ordered the arrest of a number of publishers. In his steadfast way, he also refused to make any effort at compromise with the seceding states. That is hardly the behavior of a man of the people, but it is one aspect of the man that Goodwin confirms heartily with her research.  Given his impulses, Lincoln could be egregiously wrong on some issues, for instance, the case of General George McClellan, for whom Lincoln permitted delaying attacking the Confederates and giving the South time to strengthen their forces. Even in this situation, Lincoln's resolve paved the way for McClellan to win the Battle of Antietam when the North's losses had become severe, and he used the victory to unveil the Emancipation Proclamation. Such timing of events, as Goodwin shows, was just as intentional in the 1860's as it has been in recent administrations when public support starts to flag. Only a month after the victory, Lincoln did what he should have done in the first place - fire McClellan.  The guiding principle for Lincoln was not to encourage differing factions to use their energy to work against each other but rather to encourage them to confront their differences head-on by having them work together closely. The antagonistic voices will naturally moderate and countervail each other. Parallels between Lincoln's wartime presidency and recent administrations would be contrived, and Goodwin thankfully makes no serious attempt at them. In nearly 800 pages, most of which feel essential in telling the full story, Goodwin vividly evokes Lincoln's internalized struggles to avoid war, his singular resolve to fight hard once war became inevitable, and his unflagging effort to hold the fragile union together. That part of Lincoln's story is to be expected given Goodwin's credentials as a historical writer. What she does with immaculate skill is show how a conflicted man paradoxically trusted his conciliatory nature to fulfill his vision. That's the true history lesson that resonates with her exemplary book.     