 This is a jewel of a novella from a master writer, Gabriel Garca Mrquez, producing his first work of fiction in a decade. The book is only 96 pages, but it's the humanity that Mrquez brings to a decidedly unconventional love story that makes this work transcendent in the same unique way that the author has been able to conjure in his previous masterwork, "Love in the Time of Cholera". The story focuses on a solitary ninety-year old newspaper columnist who seems resigned to the fact that all his life, he has had to pay prostitutes to be intimate with him. He even insisted on giving money even to the nonprofessionals, urging them to throw it in the trash if they were insulted. For his birthday, he treats himself to an adolescent virgin, all of 14, to be provided by a brothel madam he has known for years. She becomes his muse as his life begins to have more meaning, but his growing obsession torments him in ways he did not expect so late in life.  Even though one expects Mrquez to follow the path of Vladimir Nabokov in his classic book "Lolita", the drama presented here isn't as prurient in nature because the potentially pedophiliac aspects do not interest him. In fact, various complications, whether they be hallucinations, murder or inclement weather, keep delaying the moment of inevitability. Instead, the author focuses far more on the impact of love on a man's chaste existence heretofore filled with art, books and music. The emotion induced by the presence of the girl makes the writer's carefully cultivated bachelor habits seem pretentious and trivial, exposing himself to be rather dysfunctional in his world. Rather than representing an antagonist in the story, the girl is merely a vehicle by which these self-revelations occur. The distance Mrquez provides between the old man and the girl is what makes the story far more tantalizing than the shocking prospect of a romance between them. Filled with the author's lusty prose as well as his emotional truths, this book is a highly recommended read.     