 There's a great scene on the beach between Jack Nicholson and Diane Keaton, which seems almost improvised, where they talk about his reputation for non-commitment and her supposed non-date with his doctor. Ironically it feels like a scene from "Annie Hall", and this mostly charming movie could have done with more seemingly spontaneous moments like this. But director/screenwriter Nancy Meyers ("What Women Want", the "Parent Trap" remake) is borne out of the packaged Hollywood filmmaking that finds double-takes and double-entendres suitable replacements for insightful wit in a formulaic romantic comedy. Luckily, as embodied by the two veteran actors, the characters do not come off as menopausal stereotypes like some pre-"Golden Pond", sunset-gazing couple. True, there are some serious sitcom lapses in Meyers' script, and it does lack the uniquely quirky perspective of a James Brooks in the similar feeling "As Good As it Gets". For the most part, however, this is quite a step up for Meyers, a refreshing look at the emotional complications that come with love among the more mature set. What is particularly nice is how sex is treated as an emotional release rather than just an act of pure passion.  Nicholson plays womanizing record producer Harry Sanborn like most of his late-career roles, i.e., with a sense of eye-rolling panache that somehow gets dismantled when his character reveals too much of his vulnerability. It's probably the unsurprising aspect of his acting that allows Keaton to steal the movie from him. Looking svelte and unapologetic for her age, she brings a lovely sense of gravity to her role of successful playwright Erica Barry, a familiar type who lives in a Pottery Barn-furnished world and has rationalized love out of her life. Keaton has a great honest moment when her character reveals her true feelings outside the restaurant where she catches him on a date after their own tryst. The film somehow loses footing after this scene, as this last portion feels like the story is marking time until the plot strands eventually sort themselves out to the inevitable ending.  The film looks good in a "Metropolitan Home" sort of way, and the supporting cast is quite capable and serviceable. Keanu Reeves is surprisingly believable as the lovelorn doctor smitten with Keaton's character, but he is given short shrift by the script and comes off ultimately as a plot device. On the other hand, Amanda Peet comes across as alternately bright and flighty, a fetching combination, as Erica's daughter. Sadly underutilized as usual, Frances McDormand steals all her scenes as Erica's sister. Someday she will hopefully repeat her success with "Fargo" and get a meatier role deserving of her smart talent and saucy sense of humor. And even more hopefully, perhaps this movie will provide a springboard for other older-skewed romantic comedies given our country's aging demographics...but who am I kidding?     