 With his latest masterful novel, Philip Roth has written a very personal story about his pre-WWII childhood in Newark, NJ. The twist is that the world he paints is significantly different from what was then reality. Charles Lindbergh, dashing American hero for piloting the first transatlantic flight a dozen years earlier, has defeated FDR in his bid for a third term in 1940 to become the 33rd President of the U.S. The Republicans are in charge, and Lindbergh's sole charter is to keep the U.S. out of WWII. An isolationist in real life, Lindbergh was known for his anti-Semitic sentiments, and Roth creates a revisionist history by building his case for an America that turns against its Jewish citizens. He has meticulously assembled archival materials, such as Lindbergh's actual radio address in which he accused the British and the Jews of trying to force America into a foreign war. The result is a world that seems at once outlandish and logical and what ensues seems as horrifying as it does eerily plausible. Roth could have developed a more standard political thriller with his "Twilight Zone"-like concept and painted a broad landscape of a democratic people altered by fascist leadership.   But this novel is no simple polemic about the dangers of a fascist America and its consequences on current generations. It is much more a remembrance almost like Woody Allen's "Radio Days" or Barry Levinson's "Avalon", complete with colorful relatives and local neighborhood characters with names that come out of comic books. The seven-year old Philip has a brother he idolizes even as the brother slowly turns into a Lindbergh-abiding Fascist, a proud father who is being eroded personally and professionally by Jewish persecution and a stoic mother who can only stand by and observe in fear. The fictitious political atmosphere does not engulf this family as much as it insinuates itself into their lives through unexpected acts of fear and desperation. Nonetheless, the book does make a profound statement about the reduction of civil liberties for the sake of national security, an issue that confronts us today when one considers the various tactics being weighed to fight the war on terrorism within the boundaries of our country. If anything, Roth has written a book that slams such means as racial profiling to eliminate supposed undesirables, as conservative extremist Michelle Malkin would have us believe to be the only option in her salacious treatise, "In Defense of Internment". "The Plot Against America" is a serious-minded, often lugubrious novel by a master author who writes in such a natural, detailed style that his alternative world reverberates with a deep sense of his own identity. Following Roth on roads not taken will challenge many readers, roads so painfully pot-holed that they refuse to believe would ever exist, but I can assure you the journey is revelatory albeit an often troubling one. This is ultimately a triumphant novel that will not disappoint fans of Roth. Highly recommended.     