 With the growing number of celebrity "chefs" on the Food Network and related lifestyle cable channels, it has become prosaic for anyone to have extensive culinary training when a telegenic personality is considered far more indispensable. Fortunately, Julia Child's posthumous memoir, co-written with her grand-nephew Alex Prud'homme, reminds us that it all comes back to what you learn from the masters and how essential it is to impart that wisdom to willing students with enthusiasm and precision. What the book captures with clarity is Child's pure joy of cooking and how it grew exponentially when she moved to France in 1948. Over the next fifteen years, with endless trial and error, she gradually became one of the leading authorities on French cuisine.  True to her salty, non-condescending personality, she admits complete ignorance at the beginning of her story, and it is her natural curiosity that leads her to collaborate with master chefs who have earned a rarefied expertise in their field. The eminently readable book details her meticulous preparation toward joining them in their ranks, including a painstaking apprenticeship at the Cordon Bleu (which reminds me of the comical cooking lesson sequence in Billy Wilder's "Sabrina") and the creation of her own cooking school with life-long friends and unsung colleagues, "Simca" Beck and Louisette Bertholle. Her professional work culminated in the monumental book, "Mastering the Art of French Cooking", published in 1961 after many fits and starts. It's fascinating to read how Houghton Mifflin, the book's eventual publisher, rejected the book under the presumption that the 734-page volume was too encyclopedic for American women wanting simple, how-to recipes, even though at the time, First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy was espousing the finer points of living through her ongoing fascination with French culture.  Much to their chagrin, the book became a best seller and remains in print as a seminal resource for cooking. Child's no-nonsense approach led her to challenge alleged purists whom she felt held onto outdated culinary rules. While the book catapulted her into an early 1960's TV celebrity as the French Chef, it is her earthiness and integrity that made her a small screen fixture for four decades. Child and Prud'homme also do a nice job of filling in her personal history. In what amounts to a love story between kindred spirits, we learn that her husband Paul worked for the US State Department, and it was he who spurred her interest in fine cuisine and his transfer to Paris which began her legacy. Tellingly, the book comes full circle with her first meal in France of Rouen of oysters, sole meuniere and fine wine. There is a breathless spirit about this book, a charming mix of culinary exploration and emotional fulfillment that I find infectious. I certainly hope Child left further notes for a sequel and that Prud'homme is the one to translate them since he does such a fine job of capturing her most idiosyncratic voice here.     