 Now whenever I see Bush and Blair at their parallel podiums in their mutual support for the war in Iraq, I wonder if people in the forties perceived Roosevelt and Churchill just as cynically. Author Jon Meacham, the managing editor for Newsweek, has done some extensive research to build a supremely engaging story of the burgeoning friendship between Roosevelt and Churchill during World War II. They actually had a lot in common - turbulent private lives, long-lasting marriages, problem children, and medical problems (Roosevelt paralyzed by polio, Churchill's purported alcoholism). They sought each other's company for reasons that went well beyond the struggles of the war, yet their relationship imbued their respective leadership roles with a human quality that seems sadly missing today.  Before the advent of e-mail, these two leaders exchanged an astounding number of messages, nearly two thousand. The author seems to have gotten access to a great many of them, including the papers of Pamela Churchill Harriman, as he pieces together a friendship alternately devoted and tenuous. And the two men often met secretly in many different locales, and Meacham was able to interview the few survivors who were in Roosevelt and Churchill's joint company. The combination of accounts sheds fresh light on the characters of both men as he engagingly chronicles the hours in which they decided the course of action for the Allies toward victory in WWII. The introduction of Joseph Stalin caused an odd triangle that brought out Churchill's insecurity and his exclusion from strategic discussions. Meacham shows how the frailty of the human ego is no different when it comes to world leaders and the fate of their countries. As we know, Stalin's intrusion ultimately led to the U.S. and Russia being the emerging superpowers, not England. When Roosevelt died in the spring of 1945, even as he was making plans to travel to England, Churchill was crushed; he could not bring himself to come to the funeral to say goodbye. Such was the depth of their male bonding, and Meacham's book demonstrates that leaders are not made of stone, that they still need a connection with someone who can empathize with their challenges as they discriminately wield their power. In certain ways, the author has written the historical equivalent of a buddy picture. A surprisingly entertaining read not just for WWII fanatics.     