 I found this book fascinating, familiar and obviously quite biased all at the same time. The Great Divide between the so-called "Metro" and "Retro" America is really nothing that new in concept, as national election results have fallen along these boundaries when there was no clear victor, as obviously was the case in the last election. What is particularly interesting is the positioning of this book, which is really about how the Democrats can regain footing as the dominant political party through an adjustment in their marketing strategy. What the five co-authors do is provide an interesting treatise on the importance of branding and targeting your audience, basic marketing principles upon which the Democrats have failed to execute.  I don't disagree.  The authors consist of three economists, a political strategist and John Sperling, a multi-millionaire Democrat and founder of the privately held University of Phoenix. They appear to have the credentials to back up their claims, and they certainly present their data with enough easy-to-understand graphics to fill a college textbook. Most of the findings are quite illuminating and well worth discussing in a larger political forum. For instance, in the last decade, Metro America, representing 65% of the population, produced almost 70% of the U.S. gross domestic product annually and paid 71% of the federal taxes. Retro America, on the other hand, received $800 billion more in federal payments than it paid in taxes. This lopsided equation has fed into an economy that is not moving us forward, yet the imbalance has provided the Republicans an opportunity to forge a solid identity upon which they have succeeded in building an effective presidential and congressional majority.  For that, they should be lauded, but Sperling and company sometimes get a bit didactic when it comes to accusing conservative evangelicals and fundamentalists for taking the nation backwards. The tone frankly undermines the important messages the authors are trying to convey about the need to address the needs of both sides of the divide, as well as the critical energy discussion in Chapter 5 that ties us inexorably to the Middle East.   As a marketing handbook and economic study, this book provides great value, though I am not certain whether either party can take heart to the recommendations presented by the authors. The Democrats appear emboldened to build national security based on multi-lateralism, substantiate an intact Bill of Rights and provide a clear separation of church and state, since all three appear missing from the current administration. That's why I understand why Sperling and company feel the Democrats have more of an incentive to build a new conceptual framework. But at the same time, there is no denying that thus far, the Republicans have actually proven to be the better marketers. And frankly, the waters have become so muddy between the two parties that only time will tell us who will get us to this new framework. Let the real marketing begin.     