 Composer William Bolcom has pulled together an impressive musical feat with this sprawling song cycle set to the mystical poems of William Blake. Lasting nearly 2 1/2 hours, the aggregated piece took more than a quarter-century to complete and seems to encompass the major musical eras and styles of the 20th century. This could easily have been a mess in lesser hands, but Bolcom manages to make the disparate elements come together into an expressive statement about American music in all its textures. Like the poems that inspired it, Bolcom's piece shifts tone wildly, as the subject matter requires. His multi-cultural mix of idioms includes Glass-like atonal modernism, Mahler-like romanticism, traditional folk songs, country music, ragtime, Broadway, soul, and it all ends with a setting of "A Divine Image" to a reggae beat.  The use of such completely different styles is matched by Bolcom's skill in providing surprising though compatible transitions between the selections. He also keeps the orchestral and choral textures fresh, varied, and always interesting by combining elements one would think would come across as contrived, such as a harmonica floating over a sparse string arrangement. The vocal soloists are a varied lot and of superior talent. Standouts include soprano Measha Brueggergosman, who does an impressive turn on "The Lamb" with difficult leaps and runs. Fellow soprano Ilona Davidson's comparatively higher timbre is shown to great advantage in the alternately discordant and soothing "The Angel". Baritone Nimon Ford shows strong vocal power on "Hear the Voice of the Bard". Also worth noting are Joan Morris' cabaret approach to her brief numbers, Thomas Young's supple tenor, Christine Brewer's affecting soprano and Nathan Lee Graham's focused baritone. Even Peter "Madcat" Ruth's bluesy twang ekes out an effective rendition "The Shepherd".  No matter how bold or ironic, though, the various elements never seem forced or gimmicky. On the contrary, they feel exactly right for whatever level of his multi-tiered message Bolcom is trying to get across at any given moment. Leonard Slatkin does ample justice to Bolcom's artistic vision and inner ear by leading the University of Michigan School of Music Symphony Orchestra. A remarkable, challenging recording, well worth repeated listenings to get the full dramatic effect Bolcom was seeking.     