 Political activist Michael Moore has certainly honed his craft as a documentary filmmaker and concurrently raised a firestorm of extreme feelings about the Bush administration. Since receiving boos at last year's Academy Awards ceremony for calling Bush a "fictitious President" who was leading us to a "fictitious war", he has fast become a touchstone not only for the agitated left but for all those who have felt increasingly alienated by the imperial hubris of the current administration. Whether you like this film or vehemently hate it will depend far less on the quality of the filmmaking (which by the way, is excellent) as it does on how you plan to vote in November's election. Ignore this film at your own risk, as it is a powerful indictment creatively executed. Better to view it and discuss its implications, as it won't go away thanks to Moore's constant and savvy media campaign. He was fully aware of the coming firestorm and given his history, I'm sure he welcomes it as his agenda leaves no room for historical context or an analysis of facts or debate. It's a brilliant blame game and frankly quite a convincing one at that. As a filmmaker, Moore has become far less didactic than he was with "Roger and Me" or even "Bowling for Columbine". Instead, he has become an almost subtle alarmist and a first-rate filmmaker.  Mercifully, Moore is far less visible in this documentary as his first-person rantings and attempts at ridicule can get tiresome even if the treatment was deserved. The one exception is his admittedly humorous attempt at the end of the film to get U.S. Congressmen to enlist their children for Iraq on their way to work. Otherwise, his presence is felt in the calm yet pointed narration. The film starts with a compelling argument for the illegitimacy of Bush's election. This was actually the most revealing sequence, as we go beyond the chad controversy into all the odd connections and situations that appeared jerry-rigged to ensure Bush's victory. I dare anyone to watch this part and justify not voting in the next election. Moore then goes into the murky, under-the-table relationship between the Bush and the bin Laden clans before he became President, especially the suspicious way the FBI decided to fly the entire American side of the bin Laden family out of the U.S. two days after 9/11 without holding any of them for questioning. Whether his conjecture about the triangulation among the Saudis, the Bushes and oil is true or not, it has credibility in the way it is presented. This sequence catapults us into the grim reality of war, showing dying Americans and Iraqis, and speaking with a few of the thousands of casualties at U.S. hospitals who feel betrayed. There is a shocking sequence that follows a Christmas eve interrogation of a seemingly unsuspicious Iraqi family, as well as another one with U.S. troops ridiculing hooded detainees near Samara (sadly paralleling the humiliations that occurred at Abu Ghraib).  Finally, Moore does bring the conflict home with a sadness quite familiar to anyone with recollections of Vietnam, when the heretofore devoted military supporter Lila Lipscomb reads a letter from her son who was killed in Iraq, noting: "He got us here for nothing whatsoever." It is probably the most predictable moment in the film but also its most personal.  What resonates most in the film are images most of us never got to see on the news, like the series of African-American congressional members being turned away for their pleas of invalidating the Florida election results; or Marine recruiters manipulating small-town, low-income teens in Flint; or most infamous, the time-lapsed seven minutes as a slightly perturbed Bush reads "The Pet Goat" in front of a Florida kindergarten class. Praise or vilify Michael Moore, but it is difficult to deny that much of what he does claim is at minimum strangely coincidental and at worst immoral. A perfect example in the film is the passing of the U.S. Patriot Act, where at least some of the material in the USA Patriot Act had nothing to do with 9/11, and instead involved long-sought items on the FBI agenda which had previously been unable to pass Congress, but which were enacted by Congress under Bush administration assurances that they were essential to fighting terrorism. It is hard to stomach that kind of logic.  Moore has grown significantly since "Roger and Me" in 1989 and not just around the waistline. Believe it or not, this is not the most damning film that he has done, just the most publicized and certainly the best timed in light of the upcoming Presidential election. Moore places less emphasis on espousing his opinions this time around and more on facts, figures, quotes and actual footage from real events that actually make the viewers decide for themselves. The film is not perfect, not nearly, but it is important viewing. My recommendation is to see this film, then read John O'Neill's grudge-laden "Unfit for Command: Swift Boat Veterans Speak Out Against John Kerry" and see which one you find least objectionable to lead the country.     