 World-renowned soprano Leontyne Price can be an intimidating presence on any stage but not on this live concert recording. She lends a warm, lovely presence and of course, her unparalleled voice, to this eclectic program, which amazingly at the age of 38, represented her Carnegie Hall recital debut in 1965. It's hard to imagine her sounding any better than this at any point in her career, and just as importantly, the program reflects her heightened awareness of what serves her powerful voice best. It's a wonderful record of an obviously triumphant evening, and in what must be one of the recording industry's most monumental oversights, it languished in the RCA vault for thirty-seven years.  Price starts with three opera arias from Handel, all very clean in delivery and one especially noteworthy, "Pianger la sorte mia" from "Giulio Cesare in Egritto". She is simultaneously opulent and regal while displaying a strong sense of pathos as Cleopatra contemplates her fate. The ten-minute Brahms "Zigeunerlieder, Op. 103" is stunning for the freshness she provides with her flexible quicksilver tones, all delivered in her very expressive German. The four Poulenc selections are delivered in a such a delicate manner that it can only be described as buttery, and as such, perfect for the Gallic verses. And her big opera moment comes with Giordano's "La mamma morta" from "Andrea Cnier" sung with her requisite passion. Regardless though, Price really soars with the American selections where her voice takes on an added dimension of humanity. She begins this portion with three stellar selections from Samuel Barber, all shimmering showcases for her voice: the haunting "Nocturne, Op. 13 No. 4", the light and airy "The Daisies, Op. 2 No. 1" and the near spiritual "Sleep Now, Op. 10 No. 2". These segue seamlessly into two lush pieces by the relatively unknown Lee Hoiby, who wrote specifically for Price. For me personally, the high points of the entire recording are the four spirituals, which she sings with an unearthly combination of roof-raising conviction and clarion tones. She concludes with classic arias from Puccini and Cilea and of course, her definitive version of George Gershwin's "Summertime". This is as fulfilling a recital as you could possibly hear from this wondrous singer. Essential listening.     