 There is an everyman quality that Dave Matthews has nurtured with great intention as he and his band continue to evolve as a combination rock/jazz ensemble. It's a sharp outfit with Carter Beauford on drums, Stefan Lessard on bass, LeRoi Moore on tenor sax, Boyd Tinsley on violin and of course, the raspy, radio-friendly Matthews on vocals and piano. The new album is not likely to change opinions about them...it's still very much their sound albeit with periodic political commentary and persistent jazz chops lending some edge, though honestly not enough to make anyone think they have hardened into a statement-spouting protest band. Even on the most overtly political track, "Everybody Wake Up (Our Finest Hour Arrives)", the drum-heavy groove and repetitive chorus supersede Matthews expressing his disgust of the Iraqi conflict as he waxes serious with lines like "See the man with the bomb in his hands". The same rhythmic infectiousness infiltrates their sidling "American Baby" about the political landmines they see infiltrating the country.  The disc's nicest surprises come unexpectedly. The tender piano-driven ballad, "Out of My Hands" is deepened by Matthews' soulful piano playing and Beauford's military-style drumming. The soulful "Stolen Away on 55th and 3rd" seems to float easily on Moore's sax riffs and Matthews' cracked whispery vocal delivery. "Hello Again", "Smooth Rider" and especially the funk-fest "Louisiana Bayou" perfectly illustrate Matthews' pop mastery draped in a heavy Southern drawl. Some songs, like the closer "Hunger for the Great Light" seem more ambitious for its Beatlesque brio than memorable. All fourteen tracks were produced by Mark Batson, who has produced for the likes of 50 Cent, the Game and Eminem. Rather than recording the band together, Batson take a novel approach here. He met with each band member individually to tape each one's instrumental ideas. These solo turns were then assembled into a recording with a clean sound over heavy overdubs and tight, unobvious editing.   The DualDisc package contains all the songs in standard audio format on the CD side of the disc. On the DVD side is the full recording in enhanced stereo though it wastes the visual element possible (for instance, Bruce Springsteen includes scrolling lyrics on his DualDisc in order to better use the medium). There is also a making-of featurette that is more self-congratulatory than revealing about the genesis of the music, though it contains a generous amount of video of the band in the recording studio.     