 In this sermonic book, Senator Zell Miller (D-Georgia) has a dinosaur-sized bone to pick with the Democratic Party, but at the same time, he seems quite resigned to the buzzards circling overhead and devouring the current leadership of the party. Since deciding to throw his support behind Bush and consequently not seeking reelection this year, Miller is the mouse that roars. His book comes across as a diatribe from a man embittered by his party's treatment of southern Democrats and the continuing proliferation of special interest groups that he feels has diminished the party's power and values. Miller minces no words in explaining how the Democratic Party lost the South as well as many moderates and conservatives elsewhere. He has reason to be angry, and his perspective is well-earned given his significant legislative achievements and his guiding hand in helping Bill Clinton in his first Presidential campaign.  However, the problem with this book is that Miller would rather express frustration than provide a real solution for the Democratic Party's salvation. He outlines key positions on important issues, but his conservative agenda does not embrace the diversity of the party and more importantly, he fails to give a realistic game plan for his ideal vision of the Democratic Party. Whereas Senator Robert Byrd's book, "Losing America: Confronting a Reckless and Arrogant Presidency", trashes the Bush administration, at least he provides a guidepost for reform in the US Constitution. I see no such foundation in Miller's words. This is not to say Miller's book is not without merit, as I think the chapters on Carter and Clinton, "How Carter Ran And Won-Once" and "How Clinton Ran And Won-Twice", provide a credible history of the Democratic Party's failure in winning the South substantively.   I respect Senator Miller's opinion on many issues, and I have no doubt that he wrote the book as a wake-up call to current Democratic leadership. Certainly in light of his resume, few can challenge Miller's right to state his utter disappointment in the state of his party. But I find the assertion of Miller's refusal to abandon the Democrats rather suspect given his endorsement of Bush prior to Kerry's nomination as the Democratic contender. It is this sort of lapse that makes one feel his abandonment may have already occurred. He also wants the reader to feel that he has been abandoned by the party, hardly an empowering statement from a man who was able to achieve so much in education against great odds in Georgia. The book's tone is unwaveringly didactic much like Miller's fiery keynote speech this evening at the Republican National Convention. If you are interested in a more objective assessment of the South's abandonment of the Democratic Party, you should read John Sperling's "The Great Divide: Retro Vs. Metro America", which at least pulls together a data-based marketing and branding strategy for the Democrats to reverse this trend. Had Miller taken such a more proactive approach toward saving the Democratic Party, I would have better appreciated the case he presents here.     