 Many CEOs speak of the need for innovation in their companies, but few know how to sustain such a nebulous culture especially during economic downturns. There is a commonly held perception that allowing such creativity necessitates a laissez-faire atmosphere, but co-authors Mark Epstein, Robert Shelton and Tony Davila offer the counterintuitive belief that a culture of innovation requires focused leadership, creative but viable metrics, an emphasis on business models rather than individual products and an incentive program that rewards the high-stakes innovation that is lacking within a company. It's a relatively daring concept but a vital one well researched and succinctly presented by this trio - Epstein and Davila are academics teaching at Stanford and Harvard and Shelton is a managing director of Navigant Consulting's Innovation practice.  What becomes clear from this treatise is that innovation is a process that only starts with creativity, which includes idea generation, prototyping, experimentation and idea selection. But it needs to end with value capture, which encompasses project management, market planning, manufacturing, and commercial rollout. Often a company is good at either end of this spectrum - creativity or value capture - but not both. Epstein, Shelton and Davila assert that it is not an either-or proposition that companies need to pay attention to both to succeed in the long term.  The co-authors credibly attribute one of the failures to sustaining innovation to what they call "rampant incrementalism". How they define this concept is the idea that people get so focused on incremental innovation that they cut off the bigger, more revolutionary ideas that could reap bigger rewards. The key is to have the right balance in the product portfolio - enough small projects to bring in steady revenue in order to support riskier projects that have the potential to produce the huge profits if they succeed. The fulcrum will be how much risk a company is willing to take and for someone to push the envelope to realize that optimal balance.  The co-authors go as far as anointing a chief innovation officer, whose role is to stimulate the desired behavior companywide and eliminate constraints by integrating the technology and the business-model thinking. The new "CIO" can help the company focus on three particular aspects of the innovation rules: -- Networks that link the internal and external partners in the collaborative activities required to bring about innovation -- Balance in the processes that deliver creativity and capture value, from idea generation to commercialization -- Metrics that provide feedback and guidance to management  The third element is the most intriguing component as it is essential in ensuring innovation thrives given that true innovators must be rewarded. Deciding what to measure is the most critical step. For example, many companies only measure whether projects are on time and on budget. But proper measurement has to occur at the company-wide level. The co-authors stress that heretofore nebulous factors need to be quantified, for example, measures around questions such as "Am I having the right type of ideas, selecting the right portfolio of products, and delivering on the innovations and the ideas that the organization is coming up with?"  Many companies measure results in the traditional sense by using finance-based metrics. But Epstein et al state convincingly that non-financial measures are preferable because they give better real-time, granular evaluations of progress and likelihood of success. Creating the right innovation model and measuring its performance are crucial.  The best advice in the book is reserved for the CEO, who has to take a good, hard look at the company and assess the innovation inputs, processes, outputs, and outcomes needed to meet business objectives. The CEO then needs to populate those four categories with measures that make sense for the company's innovation portfolio, at which point the creativity and value capture, culture, and overall business strategy will follow suit. Epstein, Shelton and Davila have convinced me that innovation has to start at that fundamental level to succeed.     