 As evidenced by "City of God" and now with this feature, Brazilian filmmaker Fernando Meirelles may make the most visually arresting movies today and is certainly not afraid to take on seemingly untouchable subjects that are infused with life and death. This time he transposes the plot from his native Brazil to Africa where he captures the kinetic vibrancy of that world with equal lan. Similar to his previous film though, where I still feel he is lacking somewhat is developing a core heart around his characters that makes us care about their fates. This gap seems more pronounced this time since the plot is essentially a love story as much as a political thriller.  The story focuses on Justin Quayle, a reserved, mid-level British diplomat based in Kenya, and Tessa Abbott, the politically obsessed woman who complicates his life immeasurably but of course, excites him to no end. The development of their romantic relationship is given short shrift for the sake of the movie's time-bouncing structure, but this is not due to the lead actors who are quite compelling. Ralph Fiennes captures the exterior cool and interior fire of Quayle that motivates his intense politicization toward his wife's causes, the primary one being the purported abuses by multinational pharmaceutical companies testing radical experimental drug on unsuspecting Africans who are willing to receive free treatments. Looking and acting uncannily like Kate Winslet, Rachel Weisz has less screen time as Tessa, though she makes her moments count as her character has to remain somewhat of a cipher to move the thriller aspects along effectively. The relationship between Justin and Tessa is unsurprisingly volatile, but Meirelles leaves the actors alone to convey whatever romanticism may be underneath.  As is true with most John Le Carr stories, this one contains several characters who do not seem to be what the appear - Tessa's colleague Arnold Bluhm may or may not be having an affair with her; Quayle's boss Bernard Pellegrin may be in cahoots with the drug companies; and Quayle's best friend Sandy Woodrow may turn out to be a backstabber worthy of Shakespeare's Iago. Bill Nighy - most familiar to me as the comically aging rock star in "Love Actually" - certainly does an effective about-face as the malevolent Pellegrin, and Danny Huston (John's youngest son) does an adroit job in portraying a man who has been robbed of his conscience. A grizzled Pete Postlethwaite shows up late in the movie as a doctor who explains some of the loose plot threads and conveniently summarizes the situation with the Africans. Changing locations with dexterity from London to Berlin to Nairobi to remotest Kenya, Meirelles propels the storyline with fury and unique style aided immeasurably by Csar Charlone's vibrant cinematography and Alberto Iglesias' original, authentic-sounding music score.     