 Even though there are heavily melodramatic moments as well as trivial, excisable ones (note the runaway pig), this 1927 masterwork by German expressionistic filmmaker F.W. Murnau is still an impressive piece of silent cinema released just days before the arrival of the breakthrough talkie, "The Jazz Singer". It does seem a shame that the sound revolution made films as expressive as "Sunrise" obsolete just as film auteurs like Murnau, Chaplin (1931's "City Lights") and Carl Theodor Dreyer (1928's "Le Passion de Jeanne d'Arc") were reaching their artistic peaks. "Sunrise" is essential viewing for anyone who wants to understand how emotionally resonant silent cinema can be when directed by a master of the form.  Adapted by Carl Mayer from a German short story, the fable-like plot revolves around three unnamed characters - a farmer, his wife and a woman from the city. Feeling stagnant in his marriage, the farmer embarks on an affair with the city woman who is on holiday in the country. The melodramatic elements of the story fall into place as the woman suggests the farmer kill his wife and sell his farm to move with her to the city. He nervously goes through the steps to take his wife out on a boat in order to drown her in what he will design as an accident. His true feelings for his wife intervene but not before his wife, realizing his intention, runs away into the city. He chases her and makes amends, and together, they have a spirited, romantic adventure in the city. With their marriage solidified, they encounter a storm when they take the boat back to the farm, and then fate takes its hand on the three characters.  The most startling aspect of the movie is the visual element which carries through the same stylized exaggeration of Murnau's German classics, "Nosferatu" and "The Last Laugh". Far more than the simple storyline or even the acting, the shimmering cinematography by Karl Struss and Charles Rosher and the impressive art direction headed by Rochus Gliese are what resonate today, as they all serve to add emotional weight to what is essentially an anti-adultery parable. The most impressive sets are of the realistic-looking city captured with all its pervasive impatience and scarifying traffic, and in particular, the Luna Park amusement park abuzz with futuristic rides and hedonistic crowds. A couple of impressive scenes involve the farmer and his wife oblivious to the traffic as they rekindle their love amid honking horns and piling vehicles.  Overall there is an impressive use of deep shadows and exaggerated set pieces to mirror the inner feelings of the characters. Even though it is a silent, the soundtrack on the DVD has the original orchestral score and effective sound effects to help bring another dimension to the story. Just twenty years old, Janet Gaynor uses her innocent manner and porcelain look to strong advantage as the wife, but it is the little-remembered George O'Brien who turns in the film's most powerful performance as the farmer, especially in his guilt-ridden plea for forgiveness outside the church where they witnessed a wedding. To her credit, Margaret Livingston plays the other woman with relative subtlety even though she is dolled up as a Louise Brooks-look-alike flapper.  The 2003 DVD has a terrific set of extras starting with informative commentary by cinematographer John Bailey, a protege of the film's main cinematographer Struss. He also contributes remarks to ten minutes worth of outtakes that have been miraculously saved in the studio vaults. There is a forty-minute partial reconstruction of Murnau's 1928 lost film with Gaynor, "Four Devils", made up completely of stills and drawings and a narrative track. Production stills and the original trailer for "Sunrise" complete the extras.     