 One would hope an unjust war viewed 35 years later would resonate with the broader context of what lessons could be applied to a similarly brutal conflict in Iraq. That's why it seems ironic and rather sad that the most recent focus on Vietnam has taken the shape of a "Rashomon"-style media game where competing factions insist they know the truth and have the right to state it. Certainly the right for authors John O'Neill and Jerome Corsi to state their truth is something we should all cherish regardless of their perspective. But where things go awry in this book is when I realized that I was not going to learn anything from the comprehensive review of the swift boat incident that will have any application to our future...except the didactic message that we should not vote for Kerry based on his purported behavior on March 13, 1969. To be fair, a similar approach was taken on the other side of the spectrum about Douglas Brinkley's earlier book, "Tour of Duty: John Kerry and the Vietnam War", where there is another single-minded purpose but an equal mix of clouds.  Reading this surprisingly concise book made me feel that I was being given a telling condemnation of John Kerry as the next Commander-in-Chief. What proves more revealing, however, is how much the authors push their agenda at the expense of revealing the subject himself. The end result leaves me uneasy because I am not left to draw my own conclusions from the carefully segregated facts they present. The book certainly appears as meticulously reported and carefully documented, complete with eyewitness accounts and hefty annotations. What does seem odd is the timing of this publication and what is not raised but seems equally pertinent - that memories fade and change 35 years after the fact. This would require a level of awareness that the authors seem either incapable of or unwilling to share. There is no doubt that personal memories often harden over time, especially if what circulates in public view runs counter to how you remember events. I do agree that Kerry has some accountability for not addressing this sooner. What happens is that old recollections fade, new mental pictures take over and then a whole new personal history seems to materialize.  That's why the book feels like some fraction of the real story and loses credibility from its relentlessly matter-of-fact flow of one arguable testimony after another. The authors identify facts equally, carefully select people who will support their viewpoint and then quote them without providing the larger context of what the war meant to them. It seems rather contrived to find that everyone with damning evidence about Kerry would be available to make such comments without some sense of their own guilt over their participation in the war. It is also a shame that O'Neill has already undermined his credibility by having already exposed his long-standing resentment toward Kerry. Much of his anger has to do with Kerry's subsequent anti-war activities covered in the book's second half. But given the deeper hindsight we have now, Kerry's post-war position illustrates someone who went through a significant crisis in conscience and felt a need for the country to learn from his mistakes. If one chooses to read "Unfit for Command", then one should read "Tour of Duty" to balance the two perspectives out there. But frankly the combination would still not make the reader feel enlightened since neither seems entirely credible skewed as they are by the altered realities they both create. Having also read Senator Robert Byrd's "Losing America: Confronting a Reckless and Arrogant Presidency", I am left with a queasy sense that the American public will fulfill the adage of choosing between the lesser of two evils. Integrity issues abound with both candidates, and the choice is ours as far as whose truth we want to believe.     