 There's definitely a lot of James Taylor, a little bit of Norah Jones and a pervasive Bill Withers vibe when you listen to former elementary schoolteacher Amos Lee's auspicious debut recording. But the melding of those influences does not make him a derivative singer and composer. Rather, an original voice has arrived that has an unforced delta-rooted soulfulness that seems to sway in the breeze. I first heard Lee on "All Things Considered" on NPR where he shyly talked about his "country-fried soul" as a combination of the "undressed-up" output of his observations of everyday people and the unfettered use of his falsetto voice which allows him to balance the soul and folk halves of his musical persona. The result is an inviting mix that runs all too briefly at little more than 35 minutes on this disc, eleven relatively short songs really.  But almost every song is a jewel, starting with the alternately jaunty and laid-back "Keep It Loose, Keep It Tight". "Give It Up" showcases his more soulful side in what sounds like a tribute to mid-seventies Stevie Wonder, circa "Fulfillingness' First Finale", while "Bottom of the Barrel" brings out his more folksy side with some mandolin and bass giving the song a kind of lazy, back-porch quality. Lee evokes a bit of Al Green with the sweet-sounding "Colors" (that's Norah Jones providing backing vocals), and there is almost a spiritual quality to "Black River" that lends gravity to the salvation-seeking, alcohol-soaked lyrics. My favorite tracks are "Soul Suckers" with an unexpected string arrangement counter-pointing the bluesy melody, and especially "Arms of a Woman," which stirs the senses slowly in a manner that will remind you a bit of Otis Redding sitting on a certain dock. The disc closes with the longest song at 4:18, the anthemic "All My Friends" with a prominent drum beat by Fred Berman that really doesn't go anywhere. At moments like these - and there are a few of these - there is a feeling of overproduction as if the record executives lacked confidence in the sometimes sparse accompaniment of Lee's own guitar plus his small combo, but somehow his performance transcends the risk-averse tactics. A fine, relatively modest debut well worth a listen.     