 Nothing irks me more than a blown opportunity for rejuvenating a fondly remembered sitcom that evokes instant nostalgia among baby-boomers but somehow misses the point of why the original show was so beloved. It appears director and co-writer Nora Ephron, along with her co-writer and sister Delia, got caught up in their own cleverness. They start with an only-in-Hollywood conceit, focusing the story on the effort to remake the "Bewitched" sitcom rather than trying to update the odd goings-on at the Stephens household for the new millennium. I applaud the originality of the concept, but the execution falls so flat that I was sighing at what should have been. There is some mild amusement with the show business sequences, such as the poolside negotiation, the auditions, the cartoon opening refocused completely on Darrin, and Samantha's on-set witchcraft. However, the love story, in particular, in the last half-hour, nosedives into predictability compounded by the lack of chemistry between the leads.  An otherwise stellar cast has been set adrift. As Isabel Bigelow, a real witch tapped to play Samantha, Nicole Kidman is inarguably beautiful but oddly disjointed doing a breathy Meg Ryan impersonation. Kidman is an actress who depends on her fierce intelligence to maximize her effectiveness in roles, but she seems so preoccupied with being child-like and vulnerable that she often comes across as a graduate of a special education program. What she most lacks is the sense of bemused irony and saucy knowingness that Elizabeth Montgomery naturally brought to the role, but frankly that would have been an impossible task anyway. Will Ferrell steals the picture as fading star Jack Wyatt, but it's a petty crime at best. The character is such a complete jerk that one wonders whether Isabel just enjoys being a victim. While quite funny at times (especially as Isabel's witchcraft mangles his dinner scene on the sitcom set), there is an air of desperation in his antics as if he was the after-dinner entertainment on the Titanic.  Standing in for Agnes Moorehead, Shirley MacLaine has a role that consists of a series of grand entrances and unfortunately due to the role-within-role she plays, there is not much for her to do besides some empty canoodling with Michael Caine, who plays Nigel, Isabel's erudite warlock father. In separate sequences that seem to function as pure nostalgia, Carole Shelley lacks Marion Lorne's genuine befuddlement as pixilated Aunt Clara, and Steve Carell does a merely adequate Paul Lynde as jokester Uncle Arthur. And the movie unforgivably wastes Amy Sedaris as nosy Gladys Kravitz. In new roles, helium-voiced Kristin Chenoweth fares better as Isabel's man-hungry neighbor Maria, as does Jason Schwartzman who captures the requisite oiliness of Jack's sycophant manager Ritchie.   The 1960's sitcom was really not that great, just silly fun with a sharp cast, but this movie makes it seem as profound as Shakespeare. Scenes from the show's first episode are interjected to remind us of its legacy, and Montgomery`s Samantha is deified absurdly in an animated glossy. Watching this movie at a sneak preview among a sea of giggling children, I was overcome with the depressing feeling that this movie was hobbled together by committee driven by the studio's profitability demographic profile. Unlike an Alexander Payne or even a David O. Russell, Ephron simply does not provide any distinctive point of view here that could have made it more memorable. It could have been either a sharp post-feminist tract using witchcraft as a proxy for female empowerment or a social comedy about discrimination or mixed marriages. Instead, the film is a synthetic and forgettable waste of talent. I pray there is no sequel in the works.     