 I have to admit I was taken aback by the dazzling literacy of David Mitchell's last book, "Cloud Atlas", which successfully interweaves six unrelated storylines whose only point of consistency is the author's conceptual audacity to use reincarnation as the basis of his dark vision of the world. This one surprised me with its simplicity and almost nostalgic tone of a fictional adolescence during Thatcher-era England. Set in 1982, the plot focuses on thirteen-year old Jason Taylor, painfully cloistered in the small enclave of Black Swan Green in Worchestershire where he is victimized by peer pressure but set free by his vivid imagination. Creatively separated into thirteen discrete chapters, the book follows his day-to-day adventures in initially fragmented fashion. Ultimately, the threads of his tribulations and growth experiences coalesce into a cohesive memoir of that certain period in history when the British were heavily engaged in the conflict with Argentina over sovereignty of the Falkland Islands.  Each chapter has a distinct character filled with Mitchell's memorable prose and etched with fascinating characters like Eva van Outryve de Crommelynk, a character first introduced in "Cloud Atlas" and an erudite expatriate whose knowledge and history are not entirely trustworthy. However, the most impressive aspect of Mitchell's novel is the unerring way he captures the voice of his pubescent hero without resorting to patronizing observations or wiser-than-thou commentary. With his involuntary stammer and multiple imaginary selves, Jason comes across as a normal, self-absorbed youth only touched tangentially by the broader events around him. He calls himself Hangman when he stammers since he feels strangled by his inability to speak at the more opportune moments. There is also the Unborn Twin, who constantly belittles him for being weak and childish, and then there is the mischievous Maggot which allows him to respond to the tit-for-tat cruelty of his friends. In alternating strokes of colorful scope and minute detail, Mitchell accurately shows Jason to be a struggling artist finding his way through his abundant imagination. It's a tantalizing read, and even though the Anglo orientation may alienate some readers, I find the author's approach continues to be most universal in nature.     