 I still fondly remember the silky smooth cover version of the Beatles' "Fool on the Hill" that Sergio Mendes and Brasil 66 performed on the Tonight show back in the 1960's. Fusion has been part of the veteran musician's oeuvre since the beginning of his long career, so I guess it shouldn't be too surprising to see him team up with will.i.am, the front man of the Black Eyed Peas, and an eclectic potpourri of celebrity performers for this release. It's a decidedly mixed bag of pleasure and contrivance based mainly on what role Mendes' instantly recognizable sound plays on each track.  Things start on a rather unpromising note as will.i.am's raps drown out Mendes' bossa nova and sambas rhythms on the first two tracks, "Mas Que Nada" and "That Heat", the latter even featuring luxuriant vocalizing from Erykah Badu. The imbalance is a persistent problem throughout the recording, as will.i.am cannot seem to help dominating the proceedings when given the chance. All is not completely lost though thanks to the roster of talent here. John Legend's quiet storm vocals on "Please Baby Don't" are velvet smooth, although granted the ballad sounds more like a Stevie Wonder throwaway track with its over-repetitive chorus. Speaking of which, Wonder shows up with his trademark harmonica on the intoxicating "Berimbau/Consolacao", as Gracinha Leporace sings with a seductive samba-inflected phrasing reminiscent of Lani Hall's work with the original Brasil 66.  Other guest stars showcase their characteristic styles, for example, Mr. Vegas' reggae-infused rhythms on "Bananeira", Jill Scott's lighter-than-air cooing on "Let Me" and India.Arie's jazzy flights of fancy on the title track. Justin Timberlake melts in the background of his own composition, "Loose Ends", while Pharoahe Monche's rap dominates with samples taken from Mendes' 1966 song, "So Many Stars". Easily the best tracks on the recording are the most innately Brazilian-sounding ones - "Samba de Bencao", which features a more compatible rap from Brazilian MC Marcelo D2; "Lamento (No Morro)" with the lightning fretwork of the Maogani Quartet; and especially "E Menina (Hey Girl)" where Mendes is blessedly free of other musical influences.  The weakest track is likely the last one, "Yes, Yes Y'All", a simmering rap session featuring Black Thought of the Roots, Chali 2na of Jurassic 5, Debi Nova and will.i.am - a good session but I am hard pressed to figure out what Mendes' contribution is on it. By the end of the hour-long recording, I got the feeling there may have been confusion as to whether this recording was designed to be a Santana-like something-for-everyone comeback or merely a tribute album given some of the transparency of Mendes' performing. Unfortunately Mendes' recording suffers for the lack of clarification.     