 I would have never thought those comprehensive Lonely Planet guides would be ripe for parody. However, this book is hilarious, an observant mock-guidebook to a fictitious Eastern European country named Molvania, which sounds like a cross between the Marx Brothers' Freedonia from "Duck Soup" and the duchy of Grand Fenwick from "The Mouse That Roared". So backward is this new backpacker destination that "visitors can share a glass of locally brewed zeerstum (garlic brandy) while watching a traditionally dressed peasant labourer beat his mule". Sadly the country suffers from "bleak post-war cities and deforested hills", but at least the adventurous traveler can revel in the capital city of Lutenblag, where one can enjoy a traditional Molvanian puppet show or use the particularly unique female urinals installed all around town. Surely any book that provides the complete list of asbestos-free restaurants has to be considered essential preparation reading.  What I enjoy most about this book isn't so much the imaginative and rather sadly destitute world the co-authors created, but the way they capture the condescending tone that mimics accurately the smugly conveyed expertise of the writers behind the Lonely Planet and Rough Guide books. For example, in explaining the complexity of the Molvanian language, the co-authors state in pseudo-helpful prose: "There are four genders: male, female, neutral, and the collective noun for cheeses, which occupies a nominative sub-section of its very own. The language also contains numerous irregular verbs, archaic phrases, words of multiple meaning and several phonetic sounds linguists suspect could represent either a rare dialect or merely peasants clearing their throat." Priceless stuff here. The aptly named Jetlag Travel editors apparently have an entire library of upcoming titles, which sound equally amusing. I can't wait. So pack your toilet paper and bring those water filter tablets, as the good, dentally challenged people of Molvania will welcome you with a hearty "Zlkavszka!". Just make sure you read the instructions on how to leave before you get there. Bon voyage!     