 For years, author Michael Crichton has been producing so many fully loaded, fast-paced thrillers that I always look forward to his newest work no matter how pulpish his books have become. He certainly ups his ante quite a bit with his latest book by taking on the controversial notion that environmentalism is a religion borne out of faith, not facts. The author extols that environmentalist misinformation costs lives and money and uses real scientific data and the political ramifications to propel the twists and turns of his story.   With Crichton's typical storytelling conviction, the book starts breathlessly in Paris where an American physics graduate student, studying ocean-wave dynamics, is murdered after he demonstrates his research to a mysterious woman. In Vancouver, a boatyard owner renting deep-sea submarines is also murdered, as is a man in London purchasing a half-million feet of guide wire for anti-tank missiles. Near Kuala Lumpur, a man who claims to be an Alberta geologist buys technology with the power to liquefy solid rock. These seemingly unrelated events seem to hover around a multi-millionaire environmentalist named Gregory Morton, who gives $10 million to an environmental non-profit foundation that he subsequently thinks may be funding a radical eco-terrorist group. This leads to revelations that mainstream environmental beliefs like global warming might be dangerously wrong. The author keeps the suspense rolling at a fast clip, but he bogs down periodically in an off-putting didactic tone by sharing lots of scientific sermonizing about the falsity of environmental causes. Lengthy screeds of undigested explication, covering topics like the melting of the polar ice caps and the elimination of DDT, are shoehorned into characters' mouths as if they sound like natural dialogue. Instead, they feel like soundbites from a junior scholastic film and stop the momentum of the story significantly. The character of turncoat MIT professor Kenner, in particular, seems contrived simply to be a mouthpiece for Crichton's perspective. He is working on a hush-hush federal project and soon faces down what looks like global catastrophe but not before meeting a fatalistic end.  Even with his didacticism, Crichton can be a terrific pop-fiction writer, as he more than proved with "Jurassic Park" and "Rising Sun", thrillers that careen with the verve of theme-park rides. What separates him from his brethren is his impressive depth of scientific curiosity and knowledge coupled with a stern moralism. Sometimes the combination works brilliantly here, but more often, I felt like Crichton was writing two different books that he somehow failed to turn into a cohesive story. Granted his material is strongly presented, thought-provoking  and deserves to be read, but it is severely compromised by the scientific disruptions, robbing readers of a grade-A thriller they have come to expect from Crichton.     