 It's a daunting task to rejuvenate such a familiar work as this one, but musical director Ren Jacobs has pulled together such a stellar cast and a magnificent production that it would be hard to believe that this is not the definitive version of Mozart's classic opera. In the comprehensive but eminently readable, multi-lingual booklet that accompanies the three-disc set, Jacobs describes his approach as "neo-Classical", which basically means using period instruments to stay true to his interpretation of what Mozart envisioned. Given that the production is a scrupulously complete version of the score, it's hard to imagine Mozart disapproving of this animated recording of his comic opera about the upcoming nuptials of Figaro, valet to Count Almaviva, and Susanna, maid to Countess Almaviva. Add seven other major roles, and you have a complicated mnage full of deceptions, revenge and symmetrical situations. In response, the almost three-hour performance is full of quick tempos, effectively economic ornamentations and dramatic recitatives that are simultaneously theatrical and realistic. Actually the most impressive aspect of Jacobs' production is the crisp articulation of the voices and instruments, whether in the solos, ensembles or the musical interludes, in particular, the brilliantly devised (and very familiar) overture. In fact, everything is so clearly enunciated that even the continuo (pianoforte), played fluidly by Nicolau de Figueiredo during the numerous recitatives and underlining the various arias, becomes almost another character. Initially, his playing is expectedly ornamental, especially in the orchestral passages, but by Act III, it becomes an efficient vehicle to emphasize the doubts expressed in the Count's recitative.  The performances are superlative. Baritone Simon Keenlyside makes a passionately angry Count Almaviva, appropriately colored with darkened tones and sharp trills, especially in his showcase Act III aria, "Hai gi vinta la causa!...Vedr, mentr'io sospiro", where he expresses his wrath toward Figaro and Susanna. It's an aria that brings out the best in a well-cultivated baritone voice as proven recently by Jonathan Lemalu's version on his 2005 "Opera Arias" CD. Soprano Vronique Gens cuts a young, passionate figure as the Countess. Her high points are her poignant "Porgi amor", which opens the second act, and the exquisite "E Susanna non vien!", which expresses her forlorn disenchantment with the Count as she willingly masquerades as Susanna. Speaking of which, soprano Patrizia Ciofi is wonderfully coquettish in the pivotal role of Figaro's betrothed with her character's romanticism finally upending her constant insouciance in her fourth act aria, "Giunse alfin il momento". Ciofi has had quite a run of stellar performances on disc recently, especially under the direction of Fabio Biondi - a solo performer on their 2004 recording of Vivaldi's "Motets" and with her Idapse on the wondrously elaborate 2005 recording of Vivaldi's "Bajazet". Bass Lorenzo Regazzo has a rich, luxurious voice for the soon-to-be-wed Figaro, which only begins with his well-known Act I cavatina, "Su vuol ballare, Signor Contino", when he resolves to get he better of the Count.  Even the smaller roles are filled out expertly with mezzo-soprano Angelika Kirschlager especially sharp and articulate as she gives shape and meaning to every phrase of Cherubino's music, especially in her Act I aria, "Non so pi cosa son" and her Act II arietta, "Voi che sapete." Soprano Marie McLaughlin plays the role of housekeeper Marcellina beautifully, and tenor Kobie van Rensburg is equally adept in the dual roles of music-master Don Basilio and magistrate Don Curzio (he just played an effectively dastardly Grimoaldo in the Met production of Handel's "Rodelinda"). Bass Antonio Abete's Bartolo and soprano Nuria Rial's Barbarina round out the amazing cast which does not contain a single weak link. All of the music is stunningly performed by the Jacobs-led Concerto Kln with the animated horns and woodwinds a particular treat throughout. Special note needs to be made of the beautifully designed package with an enlightening essay by Jacobs and all the lyrics documented in four languages. A must-have for Mozart lovers and anyone who appreciates great Baroque opera.     