 Author Yann Martel has come up with a fanciful tale that revolves around faith, and the story seems to challenge and deepen with every turn of his far-fetched plot. There are two distinct stories told sequentially and book-ended by the recollections of an older version of the main character, the son of a zookeeper in Pondicherry, India. What makes Martel's novel especially compelling is how the two stories tie together through his theme without pontificating about it either way. He first deals with faith directly as a question of identity for the teenaged Pi, who concurrently embraces three different religions in order to encompass how he views God in all the different forms presented to him. Martel uses subtle humor as well as personal insight to get his points across.  Then in an interesting turn, Martel masterfully feeds the second story with the first one by arguing against "anthropomorphosis", a concept that ascribes human emotions and traits to animals. Pi instead believes animals are creatures of habit and content to repeat their daily routines once all their needs are met. Baby boomers will recall this to be the same tenet Joy Adamson was espousing in "Born Free", but the point this time around is not to humanize and sentimentalize the animals inhabiting his story. Rather, this concept proves to be an indispensable survival tool when his family decides to move from India to Canada aboard a Japanese cargo ship, which sinks and forces Pi to share a lifeboat for the better part of a year with a Bengal tiger named Richard Parker. But the story is not so much one of persisting against all odds, as one would expect, but rather it is much more focused on confronting unrelenting challenges to one's beliefs in the face of extraordinary circumstances. Martel then goes further by challenging us at the end to disbelieve it all, thus enveloping the reader into his overriding question of faith. Despite the use of some literary conceits, such as having the older Pi tell his story to the writer, this is a wonderfully creative book that deserves the praise heaped upon it.     