 Filmmaker Don Roos brings a unique perspective to his films, and this omnibus 2005 film exemplifies his idiosyncratic style quite well. Even though it doesn't work in its entirety, it has a great ensemble cast and some really sharp observations about a loosely connected group of people who have in common a certain disassociation with the inner truths in their lives.  In fact, the deceptive nature of the characters is the movie's leitmotif, and Roos crosscuts their interactions with helpful title cards that often explain their inner motivations for their actions.  There are three basic stories that constitute the film, which recalls the multi-layered, somewhat enervated spirit of Robert Altman's "Short Cuts" especially given the LA-based ennui both films portray with accuracy. The first story deals with step-siblings Mamie, who as a teenager, had an affair with her stepbrother Charley that leads to an unwanted pregnancy. Years later, Mamie is ironically an abortion clinic worker, while Charley is gay, partnered contently with Gil for five years and running their long-dead parents' last remaining restaurant. Mamie meets Nicky, a grungy filmmaker who blackmails her into participating in a film about meeting her now-grown-up son whose identity he holds from her. In order to control the spiraling out-of-control situation, Mamie convinces Nicky to make a film instead about her intermittent lover Javier's massage practice and how he has mastered the practice of "happy endings", one of the reasons for the movie's title.  The second story revolves around Charley's obsession with the paternity of a son which their lesbian best friends have just conceived. He is convinced the son is Gil's which leads to unexpected revelations that backfire on Charley. The third story focuses on Otis, a closeted teenage drummer who works at Charley's restaurant and has a crush on him. Otis meets Jude, a vagabond singer who favors Billy Joel ballads and beds Otis in order to have a place to crash. Once established in the palatial home, she attaches herself to Otis's divorced father Frank, and her deceptions eventually expose themselves. It all sounds complicated and sometimes feels quite erratic, but Roos makes the film intriguing to watch.  The acting certainly helps. As Mamie, Lisa Kudrow again shows how she can use her somewhat flaky persona in an arresting way that can be funny and heartbreaking. Steve Coogan effectively brings out Charley's neuroses, while Jesse Bradford is convincingly suspect as Nicky. Laura Dern doesn't really have much to do as one-half of the lesbian couple (Sarah Clarke is the other half), while Bobby Cannavale gamely brings out the swarthy gamesmanship of Javier. Jason Ritter (the look-alike son of the late John Ritter) plays Otis with the right amount of confusion and anxiety. As the bonhomous Jude, Maggie Gyllenhaal (Jake's sister) gives a shrewd performance that never borders on the obvious, while Tom Arnold surprises with a subtle turn as the comparatively innocent Frank.  The DVD has an alternate commentary track with Roos, Kudrow and cinematographer Clark Mathis, as well as ten deleted scenes of varying quality and three scenes that constitute the lacking gag reel. During the final film's lengthy 128-minute running time, there are scenes that seem to drift with no reason and character motivations that go unexplained. Regardless, the film is definitely worth seeing.     