 Having enjoyed his first recital disc released in 2004, I was looking forward to his follow-up of French and Italian arias from the prodigious Maltese tenor Joseph Calleja. Fortunately, even with a rather pompous title, my expectations have been exceeded by this discriminating collection which plays to his strengths as a lyric tenor with a bright tone and silvery vibrato. His recordings are crossing over quite a bit with those of Mexican tenor Rolando Villazon, but their voices could not be more different. Villazon offers a comparatively heavier, darker tone than the younger Calleja, who offers a more delicate sound with alternating currents of intense fire and plaintive poignancy.  The Italian bel canto selections provide the ideal showcase for his voice here starting with his sonorous performance of Verdi's "La mia letizia infondere vorrei" from "I Lombardi". He covers four Donizetti selections with great passion with my personal favorites being his vibrantly heroic take on "Deserto in terra" from "Don Sebastiano" and the heartbreak he captures fully as Nemorino on "Una furtiva lagrima" from "L'elisir d'amore". There are two Bellini selections included, one of which is a moving and often spectacular duet with soprano Anna Netrebko on "Son geloso del zefiro errante" from "La sonnambula", their ethereal voices intertwining perfectly in their upper registers. Inviting a direct comparison to Villazon on his recent and equally superb "Opera Recital" disc, Calleja affectingly covers Nadir's mournful arousal over the priestess Leila in "Je crois entendre encore" from Bizet's fantasy opera, "Les Pecheurs de perles".  The French offerings are not as dramatic a showcase but still quite pleasing to hear in this context. The two Massenet selections are quite touching - "Pourquoi me reveiller" from "Werther" and a duet with soprano Tatiana Lisnic on "Instant charmant...En fermant les yeux". But the best of this group is the open yearning he expresses so freely in the familiar "Ah! leve-toi, soleil!" from Gounod's "Romeo et Juliette". The accomplished Carlo Rizzi leads the dexterous playing of the Academy of St. Martin in the Fields and always seems to find the proper balance between voice and instrument. This is a jewel of a recording and proof that a sophomore slump is not the fate for this young tenor from the Caruso school of singing.     