 So many business books focus on the quality of a company's leadership, but few discuss what occurs to the employee base as a result and often trivialize the impact as a domino effect of said leadership. The three co-authors - David Sirota, Louis A. Mischkind and Michael Irwin Meltzer - are all consultants who have studied organizational effectiveness intensively and recognize with great acuity that employee morale is a constant concern and festering problem in the modern workplace. The co-authors state that unfortunately, the most common practice is for management to cater to the lowest common denominator, even if that means just the 5% of the employees who have been identified as "allergic to work".  The consequence is that managers invoke disciplinary codes for minor offenses, police ten-minute coffee breaks and generally behave as though employees have to be made to work and need to be disciplined otherwise. What happens is that the treatment evolves into a self-fulfilling prophecy, and in about six months, a pall starts to come over nine out of ten employees after their "honeymoon period". The enthusiastic employees become discouraged or disillusioned, and this has a serious impact on their performances at their jobs. One can conclude that poor management practices are to blame. According to the co-authors, it is management that kills enthusiasm.  Sirota and his colleagues back up their findings with three decades of research reaching out to over 2.5 million employees in 237 private, public and not-for-profit organizations located in 89 countries. Their analysis is sound if at times a bit overwhelming, and they go further to provide practical guidance on how to maintain enthusiastic employees. They assert that the personal success that employees strive for is based on three factors - equity, achievement and camaraderie - and that employees seek to satisfy these three important needs to remain motivated. Basically, what this means is that employees want to be treated fairly, have a sense of achievement at the end of a working day and desire ongoing camaraderie in the workplace. When these goals are satisfied, Sirota and his colleagues believe the result is an enthusiastic workforce. The current reality, as we all have experienced, is that most employees face obstacles to a job well done, such as bureaucracy, poor cooperation and conflict.  From a management perspective, probably the most difficult barrier to overcome is not to treat people as expendable during periods of cost cutbacks. Only ten percent of American companies follow the model of talent retention and instead prefer the paternalistic decision-making process that most executive management teams feel is easier to implement. Yet, for every one hundred companies like Charles Schwab or Sony, there are exceptions such as Southwest Airlines who ride out economic downturns such as the devastating impact of 9/11 without layoffs. While many companies devise pay systems that recognize and reward individual performance as some percentage of the employee's compensation, Sirota and his colleagues go much further and assert the use of "partnership" models of management. This is based on the tenet that a company's workers should be treated as responsible adults who are an intrinsic part of an organization and have its best interests at heart. The co-authors hypothesize that such changes in approach would boost employee performance by 30%-40%.  There is no denying that companies have sapped many of their employees of their natural drive especially in economically challenging business cycles. Sirota, Mischkind and Meltzer have taken an overwhelming amount of research data and turned it into guiding principles toward a positive cultural shift within an organization. What I particularly like I show each of the three lends an individual perspective that consolidates into the same conclusions - Mischkind has the psychological perspective, Meltzer provides insight into the legal aspects and Sirota looks at the organizational impact overall. Nothing in the book is particularly earth-shattering, but they jointly do an excellent job of delineating specific practical applications of the information they have gathered and providing insights that lead to constructive action.     