 I have a certain nostalgic fondness for this silly but entertaining movie, as I recall seeing it at least three times in the summer of 1978 when it was first released. Let me itemize the reasons. First, the late director Colin Higgins had instant cachet with me for writing the screenplay for one of my favorite movies, the 1971 cult classic "Harold and Maude". Second, at 32, Goldie Hawn was just blooming into a full-fledged comedy star and gaining a level of maturity that was most becoming at the time.  Third, Chevy Chase just quit after his first and only season of "Saturday Night Live" and was showing off his capabilities as a strapping leading man. Fourth, there is that damnably catchy Barry Manilow ballad that opens the movie. All these elements congeal into a featherweight concoction that is really a comic homage to Alfred Hitchcock's most famous films from "The 39 Steps" to "North by Northwest".  Higgins pieces together a contrived story around a freshly divorced librarian named Gloria Mundy who decides to pick up a hitchhiker only to find him dead later when they meet at the movies. This starts a domino effect involving a killer albino, a couple of unrelated dwarfs and ultimately a conspiracy to kill the pope at a performance of "The Mikado" as a political statement against organized religion. She goes through several incredible episodes that challenge her dwindling credibility with the police except for the detective who is falling in love with her. It all ends with an unexpected karate match between two unlikely opponents, a series of careening vehicles maneuvering through the hilly streets of San Francisco and a backstage shootout while the opera is in progress. Even though there are really no genuine thrills, there are laughs along the way, for example, a rather blue Scrabble game between two senior citizens and a Japanese couple who think they are being filmed for an episode of "Kojak". It's all done with breakneck speed, which is a good thing since it doesn't give the viewer time to notice the numerous plot holes.  Fortunately, there is genuine chemistry between Hawn and Chase, even though in hindsight, Chase seems constrained by the straight-man detective role he is playing. None of his later smarmy "National Lampoon Vacation" personality is evident here, and there is a pratfall wedged into the movie just so we know it is indeed Chase. On the other hand, Hawn is, by turns, relaxed, resourceful and dizzy as the blonde in distress. In his first American movie, a hilarious Dudley Moore predates Austin Powers as a frisky Englishman who gets entangled with Gloria, first in a classic seduction scene in his porno-and-sex toy-filled apartment and then at a seedy massage parlor. Burgess Meredith dexterously plays Gloria's kindly landlord, and in an early role, Brian Dennehy makes a strong impression as a fellow detective.  Twenty-seven years later, the movie feels dated and the stacked-deck approach of the plot never really generated that much suspense. But it has an antiquated charm that is still hard to resist. The DVD - which just came out at the end of 2004 - unfortunately has no extras.     