 With the recent deaths of Teresa Wright and Virginia Mayo, it gives a compelling reason to revisit one of the finest of American films, a deserved classic that focuses on the challenges faced by returning WWII veterans. Directed by William Wyler, a master at capturing the spectrum of human behavior no matter the size of his canvas, this poignant 1946 film focuses on three men, all affected deeply by their wartime experiences. Ostensibly a period piece, the film's emotionalism continues to resonate and even takes on a burnished quality because of its uncommon honesty during a time that could have easily been made rose-colored by the Hollywood studio system.  As the oldest of the trio, Fredric March portrays Al Stephenson, an Army sergeant, who comes home to his picture-perfect family - a loyal wife (Myrna Loy in her typical role) and two well-adjusted children. Even with such an idyllic life awaiting him, he becomes conflicted about how life has changed during his absence from the home front. Perhaps released too soon after Billy Wilder's blistering classic about alcoholism, "The Lost Weekend", the film dances around Al's heavy drinking which could have been an interesting angle to explore. Although March won his second Oscar for this role, I feel the film's most impressive performance actually comes from Dana Andrews, who plays Air Force bombardier Fred Derry caught between a loveless marriage to good-time gal Marie (Mayo) and a growing attraction toward Peggy, Al's fresh-scrubbed daughter (Wright). The third man is sailor Homer Parrish, portrayed in an honest, unaffected manner by real-life double amputee Harold Russell. Although it looks like the movie will focus primarily on Al's situation, Wyler cleverly shifts the story to Fred in the second half since he is the one who faces the most uncertain future. Homer's story is interspersed throughout. But what brings the film together is the palpable sense of disquiet experienced by all three in trying to assimilate into their former lives. Homer has the most obvious challenge as he faces others' discomfort in handling his disability. There is a heartbreaking scene where Russell smashes his artificial hooks through a window out of sheer frustration and terrifies his young sister to plead for forgiveness.  But the most powerful scenes belong to Andrews who faces the humiliation of going back to his pre-war soda jerk job, then slowly realizes how superficial his wife is and what he must do to build his life again, perfectly symbolized by his halting walk through a massive, desolate graveyard of junked WWII airplanes.  The irony of the movie's title refers to the irretrievable fact that many servicemen experienced their best years in wartime, not in conforming their lives to peacetime as they get reacquainted with their loved ones.  It's a significant distinction treated gently by Wyler and screenwriter Robert E. Sherwood. The almost-three-hour running time goes by quickly, as one feels a true sense of empathy for all the characters, even Mayo's floozy who has more under the surface than one would suspect. Special mention needs to be given to Cathy O'Donnell's touching performance as Wilma, Homer's innocent and accepting fiance.  Sterling work from a bygone era.     