 With the Turner Classic Movies channel in the middle of a month-long tribute to the screen legend, it seems like a good time to peruse Charlotte Chandler's breezy biography of Bette Davis. Based on a series of interviews the author held near the time of Davis's death at 81 in 1989, the result is a readable mix of the star's professional accomplishments and personal recollections. The drawback is that it is hardly revelatory given the number of books already on the market about Davis's life and career including three autobiographies. At the same time, it provides an opportunity to revive interest in one of the most distinctive actresses of 20th-century American cinema.   Where Chandler's book differs somewhat from the other books is the tone of almost wistful regret she seems to capture in Davis's recollections as the actress was facing her own mortality. Like her contemporary, the equally enduring Katharine Hepburn, Davis was made of defiant Yankee stock and took no prisoners when it came to her work. But even more than Hepburn, Davis thrived on conflict and became infamous for eliciting fear and loathing among colleagues like Joan Crawford and Miriam Hopkins. Her screen persona seems to substantiate such speculation as she portrayed nasty women with unerring conviction, for example, as slatternly Mildred in "Of Human Bondage" and imperious Regina Giddens in "The Little Foxes".  But she also played more sympathetic characters with steely intelligence and uncompromising spirit such as the headstrong heiress in "Dark Victory" and the luminous Margo Channing in "All About Eve", her two best roles. Chandler captures all this in cursory detail, but she also delves into Davis's estranged relationship with her father and her four failed marriages. Davis's disappointment with men seems to be a running theme in the book, for example, she fell so hard for director William Wyler that he felt overwhelmed and would not consider marrying her. Not all the recollections are tragic as Davis recalls a blind date in college with Henry Fonda when both had yet to embark on acting careers and also when she had a torrid affair with Howard Hughes that she knew would sputter out of exhaustion.  Given the actress's close though tension-filled relationship with her own mother and compounded by her failing health at the time, the saddest portions of the book unsurprisingly deal with what Davis deems her daughter B.D.'s betrayal with the publication of a tell-all tome of their tempestuous relationship. This is a woman who clearly remembered every insult leveled at her and made no bones about standing her ground. This comes across well, but I just wish Chandler could have gone beyond dishy gossip and self-serving remarks to produce a revitalized portrayal of the artist and woman at the core. It seems Davis already beat her to the punch.     