 If you have read Kenneth Pollack's penetrating book about the current political malaise in Iran, "The Persian Puzzle: The Conflict Between Iran and America", you will have some idea of what writer-director Stephen Gaghan is attempting to portray in this tightly paced, atmospheric but ultimately confusing thriller. The movie's social commitment is impressive, but the narrative is so fragmented and some actions so vaguely motivated that the result is unfortunately something of a muddle for much of its 126-minute running time. By traipsing the globe in brief scenes one after the other, Gaghan attempts to peel the layers off the complex and often corrupt relationships among American oil companies, intelligence agencies, the government and the ruling class of the oil-rich Persian Gulf. With its shaky hand-held camerawork and lightning-quick pacing, the movie bears a striking similarity to Stephen Soderbergh's version of "Traffic" (he is an executive producer here) but not in terms of its dramatic resonance.   There are at least four separate stories that intertwine through the various locales, most intriguingly in a fictional Arab country where one of two sons is about to become the ruling emir. Which one is selected has direct bearing on a high-profile merger between two oil companies in Texas. There is another subplot focused on a Pakistani oil worker whose frustrations with the oil companies lead him toward drastic measures. None of these strands are very clear at the outset, nor how they are interrelated. I kept hoping there would be a more lucid portrayal of the volatile Middle East situation amid the military forces and oil companies. Instead, like what Fernando Meirelles does with "The Constant Gardener", which has a similar disregard for the major pharmaceutical companies in Africa, Gaghan seems to be going for a more visceral tone to drive his story, and on that level, it works.  What also works is the stellar acting even if the characters are so elliptical in motivation that you need a playbook to keep up with their stories. The three leads are quite effective. As Bob Barnes, a rogue CIA operative respected for his experience but alienated by his entrepreneurial approach to his work, George Clooney appears to be evolving nicely into character roles that stretch his skills. Through soulful gazes and some brutalizing scenes of torture, he is able to convey his character's conscience with a minimum of fuss. Matt Damon is ideally cast as Bryan Woodman, a derivatives trader and global finance expert who provides guidance to the "good" son, a progressive Arab prince who really wants to restructure his country's economy for lasting benefit to its citizenry. Jeffrey Wright continues to impress as Bennett Holiday, an ambitious Washington lawyer ordered by his boss to not only vet the oil merger but rubber stamp it. Intriguingly, all three characters have been given more personal profiles - Barnes has a college-age son with whom he feels estranged, Woodman goes through the loss of a child, and Holiday has a resentful alcoholic father - but none of these dimensions are explored with any depth.  Gaghan has certainly assembled an extensive cast, and there are solid contributions from Alexander Siddig as the reform-minded Prince Nasir Al-Subaai, Chris Cooper as one of the oil company CEOs, Christopher Plummer as Holiday's corrupt boss, Jayne Atkinson as the poker-faced CIA division chief, and Amanda Peet as Woodman's inconsolable wife. In even smaller roles are stalwarts such as William Hurt, David Clennon and an emphatic Tim Blake Nelson. Despite the film's intentions and often powerful execution, I just wish the film was far less convoluted and the storyline more streamlined within its framework. By the way, one of many unexplained details is the title, Syriana, which is a Washington insider term referring to the notion that the US can recast developing nations in our own image.     