 The power of University of Michigan Professor C.K. Prahalad's fine treatise lies in the wealth of valid case studies he provides to prove his point that poverty can be overcome through corporate profitability, a seemingly ironic cause-and-effect that he argues with conviction. Since 1997, with the exception of a brief and unsuccessful stint within the dot com bubble, he has been evolving his ideas about how firms should focus on the bottom of the pyramid, which he euphemistically calls the BOP versus the wealthy at the TOP. He wholeheartedly believes there can be a win-win relationship between business and the poor, and he's done his homework to support his claim. According to his statistics, there are 4-5 billion people living on under $2 a day, which in aggregate, represents an economic opportunity he values globally at $13 trillion a year. The win for the poor seems obvious, being empowered by choice and being freed from having to pay a "poverty penalty", a practice that appears widespread in certain developing countries like India. There, the poor pay a premium on everything from rice to credit-often five to 25 times what the rich pay for the same services. He argues that driving down these premiums can make serving the BOP more profitable than serving the top, but the challenges inherent in implementing BOP economics are daunting.  Prahalad divides his book into three main sections. The first spells out his BOP theories; the second provides twelve case studies; and the third presents specifics from these case studies via video clips contained on an accompanying compact disc. This last section is particularly valuable in recording how the poor themselves feel about the impact of BOP economics. Otherwise, Prahalad can sound somewhat pedantic in expressing his abstract thinking, even though he makes a lot of valid points along the way. For instance, he strongly feels the traditional top-down thinking on aid by management in both public and private sectors is vehemently wrong-headed because there is an inevitable attitude of charitable giving. The poor are seen as victims who need help, not as people who can be part of the solution, so their help often creates an unwarranted dependency. Prahalad also does not have much confidence in corporate social responsibility (CSR) programs of many corporations, which he views as more a public relations ploy. Philanthropy, he asserts, cannot be at the root of helping to eradiate poverty, and the BOP markets must become integral to the success of the firm in order to command senior management attention and sustained resource allocation.  Simple applications of TOP marketing and distributing strategies will not work, so Prahalad outlines new tactics to reach the BOP through his case studies. There will be a more diverse set of stakeholders involved - governments, nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), and BOP consumers themselves. Engaging the BOP consumers directly will be essential by means of the products produced there. The accompanying CD is a huge plus here, as it effectively shows the individual cases that fortify Prahalad's argument. There is a three to four-minute video clip of each study, each one a mini-documentary filmed in various locations in India, Peru, Mexico, Brazil and Venezuela.  Once I digested all the facts presented, I still feel Prahalad does not quite recognize the full extent of involvement it will take corporate leaders to buck current traditions to establish the right positioning and right fulcrum toward change. Moreover, there is a need to allocate resources to more fully-developed solutions toward the attendant environmental problems that BOP economics will inevitably create. Realistically, it will take the optimal mix of BOP and TOP to eradicate poverty through profit and that the real benefit is in understanding fruition is actually superior to profit. However, Prahalad raises strong points here well worth continued investment, and I look forward to more of this thinking in the next chapter of Prahalad's studies.     