 After seeing this DVD, it does make me wonder if it truly makes sense to present an opera in a cinematic context with facial close-ups, kinetic cameras and actual locations. The preservation of a basically theatrical experience is one thing, but what director Barbara Willis Sweete does here is something else altogether, admirable and even enthralling in some respects but somehow out-of-kilter in others. Filming Gounod's "Romo et Juliette" is a smart marketing decision given the immediate familiarity of Shakespeare's fatalistic love story and its many iterations over the years. The music itself is stunning and nicely orchestrated.  Having two superb singers in the title roles is an aural treat, especially since soprano Angela Gheorghiu and tenor Roberto Alagna are in peak vocal form. Gheorghiu's powerful voice threatens to overwhelm her character at the beginning, but its inarguably luscious tone envelops the growing tragedy quite effectively. Alagna does not display as much variety in his range, but he maintains a masculine, radiant quality and generates a fiery romanticism throughout. However, the camera can be unkind, as these two veteran performers, married in real life, were in their late thirties when this was filmed and hardly the adolescent lovers they are supposed to be portraying. Both are photogenic and move well, but Gheorghiu, in particular, looks too mature to get away with the adolescent behavior she needs to display, especially early in the film.  The other aspect that will disappoint purists is that the five-act, nearly three-hour opera has been condensed to a 73-minute film of aria and duet highlights with supporting roles reduced almost to walk-ons. On one hand, the daunting length of operas has alienated non-aficionados in the past, so clearly condensing the story to Gounod's musical high points will inevitably generate greater awareness of opera as a more commercial genre. On the other hand, artistically, this film feels like the Cliff's Notes version of the story, as the young lovers are entranced with each other within the first five minutes. Besides which, there is little time to absorb the dramatic impact of the music since the film goes from one aria to the next with little break.  Shot entirely on location in and around a 13th-century Czech castle, the film effectively contrasts the pastoral setting of the woods and the adjoining lake with the dark, Hamlet-esque interiors of the castle. The castle itself has a rather scrubbed look that makes it look more appropriate for a Disney theme park, but Sweete has a good feel as to how to use the various locales for her shots. Where she goes awry is when she introduces symbolic elements like the solemn, gray-clothed chorus looking as if they walked off the set of Ingmar Bergman's medieval allegory, "The Seventh Seal". Sweete also makes the fight scene between Tybalt and Mercutio look particularly contrived as she stays true to the exaggerated staging rather than reinvent the action for the camera. Personally I think the film is a good step forward in integrating opera into more of the entertainment mainstream, but I also think it will take someone of the artistic caliber of a Baz Luhrmann or a Rob Marshall to be able to understand how to harness the powerful music within the medium's given constraints and visual possibilities.     