 There is no way one can satisfy the whole of opera aficionados with a single volume, but as a primer, Matthew Boyden has done a solid job of compiling the most critical information about the history of opera. I have been familiar with the Rough Guide series for years as I have purchased their country guides but never tried any of their music guides. What I discovered is the same easy-to-read layout and slick, often informative writing as their travel series. Chronologically ordered, the hefty but digestible volume book is divided into eight chapters covering 132 composers, a few quite obscure at least to me. Each chapter introduces a musical style, and each composer has been slotted into his artistic and historical milieu. Each composer's major works are described in sometimes painstaking detail, including dates of composition and premiere, the name of the librettist and a plot synopsis. The inevitable drawback is that some important works have been omitted rather arbitrarily, a fact that comes to light in the sections on Handel and Vivaldi. At the same time, the section on operas since WWII is surprisingly robust and quite informed.  The net result is not as contrived as it could be and in fact, given the gargantuan scope of the subject, the book makes it easier to recognize the historical significance of the music. Boyden includes his recommended recordings of each of the works described, usually 2-3 per entry, but again, there is no way he can provide an exhaustive list to make everyone happy. To his credit, he does seem to recognize the most honored commercial recordings, and the third edition (published in August 2002) provides some more up-to-date references such as the 2000 Christopher Hogwood production of Handel's "Rinaldo". There is a brief and useful glossary of opera terms (helpful when you read the more comprehensive opera reviews elsewhere), a directory of opera houses and thumbnail biography entries for a select group of stellar singers and conductors, historical and contemporary. This is quite a useful reference guide for anyone interested in understanding opera at a basic to intermediate level without the condescending tone provided by other volumes out in the market.     