 I have only recently become an opera enthusiast partially because I realized I needed to be old enough to appreciate it and also because of my intimidation of those who are quite knowledgeable about it. That's why I heartily endorse a subscription to "Opera News", which I find to be by far, the most reader-friendly of magazines dedicated to opera and classical music. It is probably not as comprehensive as others are, but it makes for educational and entertaining reading at a level that would make sense to anyone interested in learning more about opera. Published monthly by the Metropolitan Opera Guild, it naturally places primary focus on the Met's performances, but it also does an excellent job in covering performances at venues around the world. The layout and graphic quality are as polished as any popular entertainment publication.  The feature articles are consistently informative and well-written, especially in their efforts to broaden perspectives on opera relative to other performing arts (e.g., Broadway, early movie musicals) and spotlighting historic performances. Generally showcased as the cover stories, there are in-depth profiles of the leading performers - rising, established and legendary. There is also a comprehensive section devoted to reviews of recordings and performances available on CD and DVD, which I find very helpful in prioritizing my own purchase decisions. In fact, I was lucky enough to travel to New York last month to see the wondrous Stephen Wadsworth production of Handel's "Rodelinda" at the Met, and the December 2004 issue (with star countertenor David Daniels on the cover) gave me all the information I could use to heighten my anticipation of that superb performance. If you are a long-time opera aficionado or a neophyte like myself, it would be difficult to find a more worthwhile publication on the newsstands. Also worth noting is the accompanying Web site (www.operanews.com) that includes online exclusives of particular reviews, easy access to archived issues and daily news updates in the opera world.     