 The inarguable victory of this 2004 film adaptation of Andrew Lloyd Webber's record-breaking stage hit is the artistry behind the elaborate sets, which can be credited primarily to art director Anthony Pratt and set decorator Celia Bobak. Otherwise your enjoyment of the film will depend on how much you love Lloyd Webber's music and the rapt romanticism at the heart of the old Gaston Leroux story. Personally, I much prefer the sheer musicality of Rodgers and Hammerstein, the razzle-dazzle of Ebb and Kander or the incisive witticism of Sondheim before giving a listen to Lloyd Webber's mostly overwrought work. His personal stamp is so indelible here that director Joel Schumacher's chief role seems to be to not get in the way with his own well-known commercially driven and often artistically deprived instincts.  Regardless, I have to give credit to Lloyd Webber for his original inspiration to transform a standard horror story with Freudian implications into a swooning romantic operetta. On that level, the story succeeds in both live and filmed versions. Unfortunately, the journey from stage to screen is far more problematic beginning with the 1980's-sounding musical arrangements which severely date the movie. Surprisingly, no effort was made to update the sound of several musical numbers that have insistent electronic drum beats more fitting in a Studio 54-type venue. Another problem is the black-and-white framing device set in 1919 that Schumacher uses to treat the 1870-set story like a memory flashback. This technique is overused not only at the beginning and the end but at various unnecessary points throughout the film. Moreover, the movie feels overlong at 143 minutes, as Schumacher's storytelling feels lethargic and oddly underdeveloped, especially when compared to a live performance. There is a feeling of endlessness during the final stretch that proves exhausting despite the melodramatic resolution.  Casting is also a challenge here but not because the three leads, all talented singers, are relative newcomers to films. Gerard Butler has the unenviable task of attempting to eradicate Michael Crawford's legendary stage performance as the Phantom. He is a rather lunkish presence for such a dashing, shadowy figure, and as a singer, he is somewhat of a shouter unable to display much emotional nuance. Butler becomes more effective in the final act but merely because he seems liberated after his character's unmasking. As the pursued Christine, Emmy Rossum is a lovely presence with a bright, bell-like soprano singing voice. Interestingly though, she is more successful as an actress than a singer here since her arias feel somewhat vacuous and worse, start to feel repetitive as the movie goes on. Patrick Wilson - memorable as the closeted Joe Pitt in Mike Nichols' "Angels in America" - has the looks and voice to play Raoul effectively, but he seems misguided here as his character alternates between heroism and vengeance in a mercurial fashion that should be reserved for the Phantom.  Far more effective in supporting roles are  Miranda Richardson as Madame Giry, the woman who seems to know all the secrets; Ciarn Hinds and Simon Callow as Firmin and Andre, the new owners of the Opera House; and Minnie Driver at her most flamboyantly comical as the reigning opera diva Carlotta speaking a most unrecognizable Neapolitan accent. Ultimately, the Baroque nature of the film's story, coupled with its gothic setting, still feels at odds with the Broadway-style musical numbers with the exception of the lovely rooftop duet between Rossum and Wilson on "All I Ask of You", as beautiful a ballad to come from Lloyd Webber as any of his other hits. At the same time, those who were enthralled with the stage version should find enough to please them with this version. For me, it was simply an underwhelming experience.     