 Since I am such a visual person and an aspiring globe trekker to boot, the idea of a book about color - not how to use it but how it has evolved over time and from sources often faraway - fascinates me. British journalist Victoria Finlay doesn't let me down with her exhaustive, entertaining tome, as she explores the physical and historical makeup of colors, as well as the social and political meanings that different hues have come to represent. While I realize color has taken on certain significance in other cultures, what Finlay does here in a most compelling and conveniently consolidated fashion is open my eyes to how inextricably connected color is to people and that they value. Chapters are broken down by color - ocher, black, brown, white, red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo and violet - and each has a vivid history beyond what stimulates the eye, even through its symbolism causing death.   The author has literally traveled the world to find these connections and unearth their histories, and she has come up with a treasure trove of stories and anecdotes that will make you look twice at colors you have taken for granted, even explaining common color-oriented imagery we use every day. For example, Finlay shares with us that bureaucratic "red tape" literally comes from ribbons dipped in a safflower-red dye that were used to tie bundles of legal documents in England. She is also quite the adventurer, as her travels took her to Afghanistan to the Sar-e-Sang mine three days after the Taliban stronghold of Kandahar fell in 2002. Prized by Osama bin Laden, the purest blue lapis on earth comes from this area, and ground to powder and mixed with oils, it renders the perfect azure of the sea, the Virgin Mary's robes, or heaven. Finlay can come across as quite the renaissance person, as she shows why red ocher is sacred among Australian Aborigines, then jumps quickly over to Renaissance Italy to muse on the unique blood-orange varnish that Stradivarius used to anoint his violins.  Some facts she presents are just interesting trivia - that carmine is made from the blood of cochineal beetles harvested on plantations in Chile, and today used as an additive in cosmetics, soft drinks, paint and many other products; or that the remains of Egyptian mummies produced a brown pigment called appropriately mommia, or "mummy" back in the 19th century but now has been superseded by what can be extracted by a lump of coal tar. But toward the end of the book, Finlay is understandably melancholy when she visits "Color King" Lawrence Herbert, whose New Jersey company, the well-known art-supply standby Pantone, has catalogued more than 15,000 shades of basic colors. But Herbert reveals sadly he's in the process of replacing his vivid color descriptions like barn red and sulphur spring with a generic, functional numbering system. The transition does indeed take the life out of the colors, but at least through Finlay's comprehensive study, the reader will discover stories of corruption and murder commensurate with any Shakespeare play and hopefully reawaken to their possibilities.     