 I was completely unaware of author George Orwell's inextricable ties with Burma until I read this fascinating history by "Emma Larkin", a pseudonym for a female and Caucasian journalist based in Bangkok, who speaks Burmese and has been visiting the country for the past decade. She decided to make it her destiny to retrace all the steps Orwell took as a young police officer in the British colonial service there and expand upon her research to claim his experience gave birth to a trilogy of classic books, the first being "Burmese Days" followed by his classics, "Animal Farm" and "1984". Orwell, then known as Eric Blair, spent five years in the country in the 1920s before trading his Billy club for a pen. It is Larkin's contention that Burma today may be the most Orwellian place on earth.  What the author manages to do extremely well is balance her obsession with Orwell with a skillful and often moving depiction of a militarized country in turmoil run by the ironically dubbed State Peace and Development Council. Her ability to interweave the past with what she sees in contemporary Burma makes both accounts resonate more especially as she wanders looking for dissidents or people who knew Orwell. In penetrating detail, she finds remnants of the Orwell legacy - his old home, a street named for his mother's family, and people with dim memories of "Uncle Eric." Within this context, the author paints evocative pictures of a vibrant culture - Rangoon, Mandalay and the Irrawaddy River, nighttime markets twinkling with fairy lights and old, somewhat dilapidated colonial mansions.   However, she also captures the dampened spirit of individuals. In one encounter, she talks to an impassive old woman who suddenly breaks down and tells Larkin she has no hope for the future. In another, the author joins in with a little group of Anglo-Burmese spinsters who meet for tea to talk about the current state of affairs. One can immediately see a place where the principles and practices of "1984" are not the unrepentant fantasies of the upper-middle-class in the UK but simply dictatorial business as usual. Almost every other person is a spy for the government -- or could be. The author is dexterous in conveying this pervasive sense of paranoia amid an unfulfilled country rich in resources that should be as wealthy as its neighbor Thailand. In a powerful, eminently readable style, Larkin draws back the bamboo curtain just far enough for show us the brutal tyranny behind it. Superb reading.     