 Despite my reservations, I'm glad this film will finally be released next month in US theaters, as I already saw it on a United Airlines flight in November. There is much that is worthwhile about director Mike Barker's adaptation of Oscar Wilde's classic play of manners, "Lady Windermere's Fan". With his trademark cleverness and sophisticated characters, Wilde wrote a shrewdly observant and trenchantly funny story of jealousy, hypocrisy and social acceptance in Victorian London. First-time screenwriter Howard Himelstein updates the story to the 1930's placing most of the action on the glamorous Amalfi Coast in Italy, and it certainly makes for a great excuse for a beautiful setting and period-authentic fashions.  The film sticks with the basic outline of Wilde's play, as the plot focuses on Mrs. Stella Erlynne, a scandalous socialite who has been run out of New York for using wealthy, married men to allow her to live the high life to which she has become accustomed. In Italy, she latches onto young Robert Windermere, a successful American businessman who is still a blissful newlywed with his demure wife Meg in tow. About to celebrate her 21st birthday, Meg herself attracts the not entirely unwanted attentions of notorious playboy Lord Darlington, who discovers that Robert has been paying Mrs. Erlynne a generous allowance. Complications ensue until a surprise ending (at least a surprise for anyone who doesn't know the play) uncovers the true facts behind the payments. The brittle wit of Wilde's words remains intact, but the zestful spirit seems missing given the lack of an appropriate emotional context for Wilde's shrewd observations to resonate. Ultimately it all feels very civilized but too tepid to make the story relevant to a modern viewer.  Casting is part of the problem. As Mrs. Erlynne, a skeletal Helen Hunt seems miscast despite her best efforts at being scintillating. Her appeal comes from her contemporary, down-to-earth sensibilities, so her portrayal of a predatory bon-vivant feels off-kilter, especially as her character shows moments of vulnerability. The omnipresent Scarlett Johansson looks right as Meg, but she also seems at sea with Wilde's dialogue and the character's evolution. Even so, Mark Umbers is comparatively lackluster as Robert. Faring better are Stephen Campbell Moore as Darlington (spewing my favorite Wilde line as he describes America as a society "that's gone from barbarism to depravity without bothering to develop civilization in between") and, in particular, Tom Wilkinson, who plays Mrs. Erlynne's not-so-love-blind suitor, Tuppy, with the panache that the rest of the cast seems missing. All the externals are fine - Ben Seresin's sun-dappled cinematography, John Bloomfield's fanciful costumes, Ben Scott's Mediterranean-feeling production design. However, it all comes down to Wilde's incisive wit, and the movie is worth seeing just to listen to that.     