 Apparently Machiavellian politics are alive and well and thriving in Bush's presidential campaign and at the heart of it is senior Bush advisor Karl Rove. This hastily produced and released documentary may have the earmarks of a hack job, but it is actually a fascinating look at the man behind Bush...not co-President Dick Cheney but the political advisor often called the other co-President. Maintaining a relatively low profile but on the pulse of everything essential in Bush's campaign, Rove is presented as the 21st century reincarnation of Shakespeare's Iago, advisor and supposed confidante to the title character of "Othello". The parallels are eerie but seem prescient. Both Shakespeare's play and this documentary focus on men who are concurrently political nightmare and strategic genius, using skullduggery and deceit to become all the more powerful. So ruthless is the portrayal of Rowe that he purportedly views the Iraq war as little more than a marketing device to improve Bush's approval ratings.   Because the focus is not on Bush himself, whom one can give too much credit for the current political malaise, this film seems more credible than Moore's treatise on the subject, "Fahrenheit 9/11". Based on a book by Texas journalists Wayne Slater and James Moore, who followed the 2000 presidential campaign, the documentary is compelling, amusing and at times, quite poignant. In particular, there is a brief sequence near the end where the filmmakers discuss the Iraq war through the story of Fred Pokorney. But this seems like a deviation from the film's point as this is not an examination of Iraq but a primer on what one man will do to ensure victory in November. Rove is credited with perfecting "junkyard dog" politics, where one attacks an opponent with everything possible via whisper campaigns. The tactics seem appalling and frightening, but the filmmakers do not take a completely unilateral stance in revealing them. They actually include readings from an actual Rove fax disputing all the "facts" presented, so you get a sense of his reaction to the claims made by the original book's authors. It doesn't make for a balanced perspective, but it does provide some sense of Rove's perception of his own behavior. Let's hope for Bush's sake that Rowe does not completely replicate the fate of Iago in the life of Othello - after all, Othello kills himself after realizing how his trust in Iago was misplaced. Recommended viewing before the election, a moot point afterward.     