 Even though this film won the 1940 Best Picture Oscar, it does seem a shame that master director Alfred Hitchcock's adaptation of Daphne Du Maurier's classic mystery is hardly mentioned in the same breath as his later works like "Notorious", "Rear Window" or "Vertigo". I'm not sure why but it may be because at the time, it was a film more associated with David O. Selznick in the afterglow of "Gone With the Wind" than with Hitchcock who was making his first picture in Hollywood. Sixty-five years have elapsed and diminished the perception of Selznick's then-powerful influence. Suffice it to say that "Rebecca" survives as one of Hitchcock's most atmospheric masterworks, beautifully filmed by George Barnes and with two superb lead performances by Laurence Olivier and Joan Fontaine. Major credit needs to go yet again to the Criterion Collection for restoring the original beauty of the black-and-white film from a pristine print and resuscitating a clear soundtrack. The result is well worth revisiting even if you have already seen it in earlier forms.  The full-blooded plot is intricately based on the way Du Maurier sets up the two main characters. At the center of the story is a nave, unadorned young woman working as a hired travel companion for the selfish Mrs. Van Hopper. Because of her testy employer, she ends up on the French Riviera where by chance, she meets Maxim DeWinter, a brooding, wealthy widower. DeWinter is energized by the young woman and decides to marry her on the spot. The newlyweds return to DeWinter's residence, the foreboding estate called Manderley. The young woman's insecurity is heightened by the cold housekeeper, Mrs. Danvers, who takes an immediate dislike to the new Mrs. DeWinter. Mrs. Danvers's adoration is reserved strictly for Rebecca, Maxim's first wife. At first, the new wife is completely intimidated by the manipulative Mrs. Danvers, but over time, she takes stock and becomes a more formidable presence until a revelation threatens to destroy her marriage. As the film plays itself out, the young woman discovers the real cause of Rebecca's death and gains strength in providing support for her tortured husband.  In her first important role, the 23-year old Fontaine captures the right mix of deepening anxiety and innocence in portraying a woman so insecure as to not have a name in the story (she is referred to as "The Second Mrs. DeWinter" in the credits). Fresh from his equally ominous turn as Heathcliff in William Wyler's "Wuthering Heights", Olivier plays older, and it suits his polished manner much more as a well-bred man trapped by his personal demons. In a role that has been parodied endlessly ever since, Judith Anderson expertly plays the implacable Mrs. Danvers with a foreboding chill with her overly modulated tones. I do have to admit there are some moments -especially as she holds the candles near her tersely twisted face - when you almost want to laugh from the overemphasized dramatic effect.  Smaller roles are filled expertly by familiar faces - George Sanders, a full decade before his acerbic Addison DeWitt in "All About Eve", plays a far more bald-faced scoundrel but with the same smarmy panache as Jack Favell; the befuddling Nigel Bruce and a relatively sympathetic Gladys Cooper expertly portray Maxim's brother-in-law and wife; and in the early going, Florence Bates makes a wonderfully wicked Mrs. Van Hopper. Once the center of the mystery has been exposed, the film does move quickly toward its conclusion running somewhat counter to the pacing Hitchcock uses in the story set-up. Regardless, many of his touches are on full display, especially the distorted camera angles and creative use of lighting. It all makes for grand entertainment.  The Criterion DVD is a wonderful two-disc set with expert commentary provided by film historian Leonard Leff, the author of "Hitchcock and Selznick". It's obvious that he has studied this film intensely and come up with some golden nuggets of insight regarding the film machinations and the treatment of various plot developments. The second disc for true aficionados with an in-depth Du Maurier biography; numerous Selznick memos (for which he was most famous) on the ongoing production; more recent interviews that Leff conducted with Fontaine and Anderson; and most interestingly, archived footage of screen tests with actresses far more established than Fontaine at the time - Vivien Leigh, Loretta Young, Margaret Sullivan, a seventeen-year old Anne Baxter. Except for Baxter, who brings a touching Oedipal twist to her audition, it becomes clear how hopelessly wrong these beautiful actresses are for Fontaine's role and instead would have been ideal as Rebecca. The first disc is a must-see; the second is for devotees only.     