 The dark humor comes pouring out figuratively and literally in Gary Shteyngart's new novel skewering post-Soviet culture, American imperialism and the mixed blessings of capitalism in one fell swoop. The story's focal point is the grossly overweight Peter Pan-prototype Misha Vainberg, the son of the 1,238th richest man in Russia, who is desperate to return to the U.S. where he went to college, spent several years of penthouse life in New York City, fell for a trash-talking Bronx girl named Rouenna and engorged himself on the full spectrum of American cuisine. The comic and slightly surreal premise lends insight into what sudden exposure to democracy can do to a person's spirit and reason for living. Stuck in St. Petersburg (or as he likes to call it, St. Leninsburg), Misha has one dream - to attain a visa from the US consulate, but he fails to make headway with the governmental bureaucracy. His last remaining hope is going to Absurdistan, a former Soviet republic rich in oil, where he can get his hands on a Belgian passport that will allow him to get to the states.  Political instability, however, overtakes the tiny country and a most absurd civil war breaks out in a way that reminds me of Peter Sellers' first film about the Duchy of Grand Fenwick, "The Mouse That Roared". Mired in corruption where billions in petro-dollars are at stake, Misha is appointed the minister of multicultural affairs. Whether fighting for his life or discovering new love with the daughter of a local warlord, he finds he cannot escape his Russian past with ease. Shteyngart's unique gift is painting a panorama rich in cultural observations and personal chaos. The author also does not shy away from politically incorrect stereotypes because he shows them through Misha's jaundiced perspective of entitlement. Shteyngart challenges us to sympathize with an insensitive, often repellent glutton living in relative luxury, and he amazingly succeeds because Misha's journey toward self-awareness engulfs the reader in the absurdities faced by our reluctant hero. In what could be seen as the flip side of "Doctor Zhivago", the author illuminates the clashes between capitalism and socialism in highly inventive and shrewdly observant ways, showing us what a comedy of errors it has become to assimilate into a world so dominated by commercialism.     