 In her youth, the woman had a thing for flowing evening gowns, elevated walkways, and thematic song medleys, but she always knew what worked for her. And she still does. What a treat to be able to see Barbra Streisand's first five network-TV specials, in this deluxe DVD package. Not only are the programs in pristine condition aurally and visually, but they provide a compelling, often sparkling record of her stage prowess when her legacy was starting its breathless ascendancy. Well before her expansive filmmaking efforts and even more encompassing political activism, Streisand was simply one of the best song stylists around. While you can see evidence of this in her more recent millennium concerts, these five specials showcase her talent when she was still proving her worth. What is refreshing about these performances four decades later is how she displays the polish and energy level that justify the mythic status she has among her fans.  Signed to a long-term contract with CBS to produce hour-long variety shows, an almost extinct format nowadays, Streisand was all of 22 in her first special, 1965's "My Name Is Barbra". At that point of her career, her notoriety was limited to a handful of best-selling albums and her successful Broadway run in "Funny Girl". Filmed in crisp black-and-white, the program is divided into three distinct parts. The first segment cleverly shows her growing up from childhood through numbers as diverse as "Make Believe" and "I'm Five". The second part takes place at the chic Bergdorf Goodman's store where she is elegantly costumed and singing "I've Got Plenty of Nuthin'" and "The Best Things in Life Are Free" with comic irony. The third is a straight-ahead concert which includes a "Funny Girl" medley and ends with her classic, melancholic take on "Happy Days Are Here Again".  In then-revolutionary color, 1966's "Color Me Barbra" follows a similar format to its predecessor - three segments with unique concepts. The first takes place at the Philadelphia Museum of Art where she roams the galleries and becomes part of the artwork through song; the second in the studio where she interacts with animals, including her beloved poodle Sadie, in a circus-like setting; and the third again a concert when she sings some chestnuts, "Any Place I Hang My Hat Is Home", "Where Am I Going?" and "Starting Here, Starting Now" among them. The juxtaposition of locale and song is even more effective than in her first special, and she again spotlights her talent for comic monologues full of silly non-sequiturs. My favorite moment in the special is when she transforms into a dead ringer of Queen Nefertiti while singing a haunting rendition of "Where or When".  An idiosyncratic departure from the first two specials, 1967's "The Belle of 14th Street" is a full-fledged tribute to turn-of the-last-century vaudeville of which Streisand is one of several performers on hand. Not seen since its original airdate, the program is not nearly as bad as its reputation claims. All the period detail, including the audience, has been recreated with surprising authenticity, and the overall tone is actually more nostalgic than satirical. This may be part of the problem viewers had with the special at the time since there is no context provided for why vaudeville would be relevant for a contemporary audience. Regardless, she performs some rare standards beautifully, such as "Alice Blue Gown", "I'm Always Chasing Rainbows" and a lovely medley of "My Buddy" and "How About Me?". The downside is that the other participants, who include a game Jason Robards and a bevy of overweight women, prove rather distracting, and there is an overlong though enthusiastic 11-minute version of Shakespeare's "The Tempest" which seems more intrusive within the scheme of the show.    A live-performing Streisand is showcased to often thrilling effect in 1968's "A Happening in Central Park" (actually filmed in June 1967 but held back until September of the following year to coincide with the release of the movie version of "Funny Girl"). There are no unique concepts, just straight-ahead singing and consequently, it represents essential Streisand. Performing outdoors before 150,000 people, the program is full of her classics including her obligatory anthem "People", unfamiliar gems such as "Love Is Like a Newborn Child" and "Natural Sounds", and sizzling interpretations of standards like "Down With Love". She even sings an oddly appropriate "Silent Night" in the middle of summer. I have to admit that some of the comedy is a bit forced, for instance, her irrelevant introduction to "Value" and the very dated "Marty the Martian".  Streisand goes back to her three-act concept structure with 1973's extravagant "Barbra Streisand...and Other Musical Instruments", which revolves around the basic idea that music is a universal language. By this time, Streisand had catapulted herself into a movie career, and her music evolved into a broader terrain of pop beyond her standard repertoire of torch songs and show tunes. She surrounds herself with a 100-piece orchestra including a musical saw, exotic instruments from around the world (highlighted in the whirl of color and costumes on the extended "I Got Rhythm" medley), then-current data computers and tuxedoed men operating electric household appliances. The highlight is her segment with Ray Charles, where he effortlessly sings "Look What They Done to My Song, Ma", duets mighty prettily with Streisand on Buck Owens's "Cryin' Time Again" and then accompanies her and his Raylettes on her churning medley of "Sweet Inspiration" and "Where You Lead". Granted her choreography is a bit awkward and her bell-bottoms somewhat distracting in this number, but it still works. Her best performance comes a little later with Harold Arlen and Truman Capote's "I Never Has Seen Snow".  Similar to her career anthology box set, 1991's "Just for the Record...", there is a deluxe, color booklet with photographs and synopses on each special. In many respects, television is the ideal medium for Streisand since she has forced the elephantine contours of her movie persona around some inappropriate vehicles. With these specials, she just proves that her greatest gifts are wrapping that amazing  flexo-flyer of a voice around great songs and being her self-deprecating comic self. This is a stunning record of a legend in her prime.     