 I am among the last of my friends to have bought a digital camera as I held stubbornly onto my 35-mm Canon Rebel no matter how unwieldy my camera bag got. My wait turned out to be inadvertently wise, as I think the SONY DSC-T1 is really the digital camera made specifically for me. Granted the price seems steep, but the quality of the photos have truly been a relative shock to my traditionalist senses. On a recent trip to New York, it was sheer bliss to have such a high quality camera that I could carry in my shirt pocket all day, every day. The slim size and barely-there weight are ideal for ultimate portability. And there are a variety of settings that make for some great point-and-shoot pictures, whether it's using the 5M pixel camera at 3M pixel resolution, the amazing Smart Zoom feature, or the 5 MP mode, all produce excellent results. I also like the Photoshop-like extras such as the in-camera cropping of images, and in-camera image resizing for e-mail purposes. Although I barely use it, the movie mode is top-notch, easily comparable to the high quality digital-video tape camcorders I have tried in the past, 30 frames per second at 640x480 pixel size image.  Whether using the static or movie settings, the quality of the imagery is easily comparable to the results I get with my traditional Canon Rebel. I am amazed at the color quality, saturation and preciseness in image detail, having now produced a number of 8x10" photos suitable for framing. Reading the 100-page instruction book is essential to maximize the features of the camera, and allow time to practice before using it for special occasion shots. And you should buy a few high cost high speed 256MB or 512MB memory cards to avoid frustrating capacity issues. I will still use my hefty Canon Rebel 35-mm camera with the even 300-mm zoom lens attachment, as I am used to the shoulder camera bag when I travel to far-away places, but the SONY DSC-T1 will serve me in a pinch whether it's taking a picture of an unexpected sunset or being backstage at the Metropolitan Opera waiting for my favorite singer or even documenting a fender bender for insurance purposes. After all, the camera one can take everywhere is truly the best camera to have.     