 In an odd way, this is the flip side of soprano Rene Fleming's 2004 autobiography, "The Inner Voice: The Making of a Singer". Whereas Fleming takes the high road in showing the business side of the opera world, oboist-turned-journalist Blair Tindall goes the more explicit route providing lurid details of her sex life and drug abuse.  With its provocative title, her tell-all narrative also reflects a crisp, frank writing style, as she discusses with some bitterness her childhood in an intellectual home and life as a high school student at North Carolina School of the Arts in the mid-1970's. From there, Tindall describes her obsession with securing classical gigs once she arrives in New York, rushing from rehearsal to performance to tour and back again.  This portion of the book takes on a bit of a Jacqueline Susann flavor as Tindall displays pinball machine dexterity between her unbridled ambition and her somewhat indiscriminate social behavior. She takes freelance jobs, frequently falling in love and lust as she hustles jobs and plays with such prestigious ensembles as the Orpheus Chamber Orchestra and the St. Luke's Orchestra. Tindall relays a lot of scenes that point out the irony of her life versus her art, for example, when she describes a visit to a seedy apartment where students are snorting cocaine while listening to Wagner's Ring Cycle. Gradually, she realizes that the big break is not coming her way. In fact, by 1990, she compromises her own artistic aspirations by playing more stable jobs in the orchestra pit of long-running Broadway musicals like "Phantom of the Opera" and "Les Miserables". For such a personally revealing book, I would have appreciated a greater acknowledgement from Tindall on what her own  limitations were as a musician. For instance, she discusses almost too objectively how she played a wrong note three times during an audition - even after a member of the audition committee suggested she look hard at the music. It is at these moments that I would have expected a greater sense of self-indignation over the audition, as Fleming does in her book as she discusses her approach to discipline and technique in singing.  By 1999, deeply unhappy about her career, she leaves New York to study journalism at Stanford University. This is where Tindall's book becomes truly revelatory for a greater audience discussing the  many real ills in the classical music business. The resulting insights are fascinating. For example, her discourse on arts funding is engrossing, and people who were previously just names on buildings or CD covers become characters. Tindall details music's place in American lives with great respect and a clear understanding of the world outside the classical bubble. On a more personal level, many of her shrewdest observations revolve around the balance of power in the one-on-one relationships fundamental to learning and working in music. At the mercy of teachers, freelance musicians rely heavily on personal connections for jobs and recommendations. Consequently, Tindall provides a refreshing look at a segment of the arts world that has been historically beyond reproach. The world of classical music has heretofore been seen from the outside as a rarefied temple of self-importance, but the reality varies little from other businesses. She points out how the more renowned conductors are pulling down sizable six-figure salaries, as well as the huge pay disparities between management and the rank-and-file talent. If you can get past the cathartic accounts of her personal hedonism, you can get a glimpse into the classical music business like no other.     