 Immersion reporting, especially to expose social injustices, has been a long-standing tradition in journalism. One only has to think back to Laura Z. Hobson's "Gentlemen's Agreement" (or Elia Kazan's classic film adaptation) where a Gentile journalist poses as a Jew, or John Howard Griffin's "Black Like Me" where the author, a white man, disguised himself as a black man for a year. The idea of gaining a perspective alien to one's experience produces insights that cannot be discerned as acutely when studied objectively. Such is the compelling, though hardly groundbreaking idea behind freelance journalist Norah Vincent's decision to disguise herself for 18 months as "Ned", i.e., to understand firsthand what the true gender divide is all about.  Vincent's tone is thankfully not conciliatory. Rather, she provides a series of sociological observations that enhance our awareness of what separates men and women. We have been manipulated by years of Hollywood movie cross-dressing (consider films like "Some Like It Hot", "Tootsie", "Yentl" and "Victor/Victoria") that push us to surmise that the so-called battle of the sexes is one that can be overcome by simply putting oneself in the other's shoes. What Vincent finds - and perhaps the most penetrating insight she provides in the book - is not an unacknowledged commonality between the sexes but instead a gender gap that is even wider than anyone cares to admit. Fortunately, she does not use this revelation to produce a feminist tract, as she shows how women can be as presumptuous as men when it comes to understanding motivations and behavior.  Vincent points out that the mutual ignorance has been especially evident of late since the expectation of women has come with the feminist movement. In fact, from Ned's perspective, Vincent learns that men are trapped by their own patriarchal prejudices and that women are not remotely inclined to learn men's language. Not only do men have ways of communicating that women don't understand, but men are further burdened by not being proactive social animals among themselves. For example, she discovers that men will rarely stare at other men unless as a provocation to fight or as an unwanted homosexual advance. Instead, if men's eyes meet for more than a moment, one or the other would look away immediately never to look back. Such are the unspoken rules of behavior for men to ensure their self-inflicted independence.  The other aspects that Vincent shares are somewhat more predictable as they have to do with more obvious acts of sexism. Taking on a job that involves her working closely with an all-male sales team, she hears the inevitable sexist comments and naturally needs to support and participate in such macho revelry. However, Vincent recognizes that these displays are really hiding emotions compartmentalized by machismo-centric custom. In turn, she idealistically encourages a liberation movement to free men from their isolation. Of course, Vincent discusses the perils of dating as a man and claims to be surprised at how much sexual power women have over men and in what manner they display it, often with an unblinking coldness that seems to be a response to their disempowerment in other areas of life. As Ned, she is not lacking for confidence or entitlement to authority, but it becomes a strain to keep up the faade of arrogance to reflect Ned's innately manly attitude.  The intriguing twist of the book is that Vincent is a lesbian, so her accounts of dating have a double-edged sense of irony, especially when an attraction to a woman named Sasha leads Ned to divulge her true identity and surprisingly does not meet resistance. Of less interest are the strenuous efforts Vincent takes to encompass the full male experience - joining an all-male bowling league, ordering lap dances at strip clubs, participating in male bonding retreats, spending three weeks in a Catholic monastery. While the experiences provide some amusing anecdotes, they really don't add any resonance to her findings. At the same time, Vincent provides an enjoyable, sometimes revelatory read with her clear-eyed reportage.     