 All the elements of a great musical seem to be evident in this 1953 movie, but for some reason, it just doesn't gel as well as other MGM musical classics of the era such as the Hollywood talkie-craze satire, "Singin' in the Rain", or even the lightweight expatriate romance, "An American in Paris". Directed by the masterful Vincente Minnelli, the movie centers on a fading star named Tony Hunter, a once protean movie star dancer trying to make a comeback on Broadway in a misbegotten musical production of "Faust". That he is portrayed by the legendary Fred Astaire goes a long way to make this a wonderful viewing experience. His singing, especially his rendition of the melancholy "By Myself", is charming and relaxed, and his dancing is beyond dazzling.  The problem is that Astaire is called upon to play a temperamental has-been, but his dapper elegance seems at odds with the requisite edge to make him entirely convincing in the role. The other problem is his leading lady, Cyd Charisse, a phenomenal dancer but a blank slate as an actress.  As a star ballerina looking for a broader audience, she makes line readings sound like Sunday school recitals. The supposed fight between their characters once they are introduced never seems more than a contrived plot device. However, when they dance together, nothing else matters. Two of their numbers are classics of the genre - the conciliatory and stunning "Dancing in the Dark" pas de deux on the MGM-only Central Park set (mimicked memorably to comic effect by Steve Martin and Gilda Radner on a "Saturday Night Live" skit years later) and the long, Mickey Spillane-inspired "Girl Hunt" ballet sequence toward the end with Astaire as a private eye and Charisse a slinky femme fatale. Astaire also has a wonderful number near the beginning, "Shine on Your Shoes," where he dances with an effortless partner in Leroy Daniels, a real shoeshine man who sang and danced as he worked and the inspiration for the number. These three numbers make the movie worthwhile to see.  The remainder of the film is about that would-be "Faust" musical and all the stages of writing, casting, production, choreography and rehearsals, including failure on the road, that finally make it a Broadway hit though in a completely altered format. Some of this is sharp and clever, while the rest is just tired and clichd, especially in the often forced banter between the unctuous Nanette Fabray and the eternally dour Oscar Levant, who are acting the parts of the screenwriter duo of Betty Comden and Adolph Green. In properly pompous fashion, British stage star Jack Buchanan plays Jeffrey Cordova, the musical's director-producer-star with enough artistic pretensions to make Andrew Lloyd Weber blush. I don't feel the other famous musical numbers have aged well - the oddly discomforting "Triplets" number with Astaire, Fabray and Buchanan prancing on their hidden knees and the ending "That's Entertainment" seems bereft of true energy. I can only guess that the fluctuating tone of "The Band Wagon" may be a case of a veteran filmmaker who is too familiar with the musical genre and defaults to by-the-numbers direction when not inspired. Compare this to the frenetic energy and youthful casting of "Singin' in the Rain" where you have a fresh newcomer named Stanley Donen out to set the world on fire. See this movie for the unparalleled dancing but be aware that the acting by the two leads and the backstage plot do not match up to the magical dance interludes.  The new two-disc DVD set includes several extras. Liza Minnelli and singer Michael Feinstein provide overly effusive and not always relevant commentary on an alternate track, and there are trailers for eight of Astaire's movies also on the first disc. On the second disc, there is a new 35-minute, making-of documentary with the surviving cast members (including Charisse and Fabray), as well as the Vincente Minnelli installment of "The Men Who Made the Movies" series produced by film critic Richard Schickel. Also of interest is a deleted number - which has already shown up before in "That's Entertainment Part III" - with Cyd Charisse lip-syncing to India Adams' voice and dancing as a mulatto in "Two-Faced Woman". It was understandably cut but recycled for Joan Crawford looking even more foolish in "tanned" make-up in her musical drama, "Torch Song".     