 Director Sydney Pollack has pulled together a movie that teeters precariously between brisk, complex thriller and serious-minded political drama. The 2005 result has several effective scenes though a sometimes muddled storyline that strains credibility toward the end. Despite a few pyrotechnics, there is no pumped-up music or over-extended special effects, and I am grateful that Pollack keeps the tension at a human-sized level. In fact, there is a pervasive old-fashioned feeling about the whole venture perhaps because Pollack has done a similar-feeling thriller back in 1975 called "Three Days of the Condor" where the protagonist gradually unravels a major conspiracy.  In this film, the mystery focuses on the protagonist herself, Silvia Broome, a native of a fictitious African country called Matobo. Working as an interpreter at the United Nations, she accidentally overhears what might be a plot to assassinate Matobo's bloody tyrant, President Edmund Zuwanie, when he is scheduled to address the General Assembly to respond to charges of genocide. Of course, she becomes endangered and is placed in the care of no-nonsense federal agent Tobin Keller, who himself is grieving over the auto accident of his wife two weeks earlier. There are two warring factions wanting to overthrow Zuwanie, and the subplots multiply until the tense and somewhat contrived finale. In his accompanying making-of featurette, Pollack says he was working without a final script in hand with no less than five writers working on the screenplay including Scott Frank and Steven Zaillian. It shows in some of the convolutions of the story that don't hang well together, in particular, the growing attraction between Silvia and Tobin after their convincingly antagonistic battle of principles.  With an especially clipped, Afrikaan-sounding accent, Nicole Kidman portrays Silvia effectively as both mystery woman and nave idealist even when she has to spout some patronizing lines about the value of the UN. She conveys her character's cryptic motivations fluidly as each revelation about her background comes to the fore. However, Roger Ebert and I had the same thought - how much more texturally interesting it could be to have a black actress play Silvia and how Angela Bassett comes to mind. Like a Method-version Bogie, Sean Penn plays Keller in a world-weary manner with moments of teary-eyed vulnerability as he thinks of his wife. It's a good turn by Penn though I feel the role is definitely below his skills, and there is an odd lack of chemistry between him and Kidman that actually works in the movie's favor until the mutual attraction becomes pronounced.  The rest of the serviceable cast is given short shrift by the story, including Catherine Keener, who still shows shades of her dry wit and quirky manner as Keller's sympathetic partner, Dot Woods. The real UN locations help considerably in lending authenticity to the story, and other scenes garner the right amount of suspense, such as the what-does-that-mean opening in the soccer stadium and the Brooklyn bus incident where several plot strands come together. Even the fictitious language sounds real even though it was apparently made up as a blend between Swahili and a native language of Mozambique. The ending comes up a bit empty, but the movie does pop and crackle when required.  Along with the making-of featurette which is as much about Pollack as it is about the movie, the DVD has several good extras. He is the sole voice on the commentary track and consequently, his informative contributions are separated by many unfortunate dead pauses. There is an alternate ending which is a more pointedly sentimental variation on the one used, and I agree with its excision since it is far more contrived. Three deleted scenes are included of which only one is of interest as it provides an interaction Dot has with Silvia and a predictable revelation. There is also an eight-minute short on the UN and how filming was handled there. Two other shorts offer genuinely interesting insight - the first is a fascinating presentation by Pollack in which he explains the difference between widescreen (which he uses here) and pan-and-scan formats, the second is about how real interpreters work at the UN.     