 Back in the early 1980's, Michael McDonald seemed to be everyone's favorite background vocalist appearing on numerous top 40 songs almost simultaneously, an observation that comic actor Rick Moranis took to hilarious comic effect on a SCTV comedy skit. I was a fan of McDonald's during that period, and twenty-five years later, I can still see why his instantly recognizable baritone with its shimmering top draws attention, as he croons his particular brand of blue-eyed pop-soul. Relatively speaking, his solo output has been sparse, and this compilation was released in 2000, thus bypassing his most interesting work, "Blue Obsession"; a Christmas album, "In the Spirit"; and his two Motown tribute discs.  Regardless, this is a strong cross-section of material, mostly self-penned, from his first four solo albums, starting with his first post-Doobie Brothers top five hit, "I Keep Forgettin' (Every Time You're Near)", still as seductively percolating as ever with a nice call-and-response with his sister Maureen.  Of course, this album includes the obligatory duets with Patti LaBelle, "On My Own" (perhaps the nadir of Burt Bacharach's career as he was co-writing dreck with his then-wife Carole Bayer Sager) and with Quincy Jones protg James Ingram on the faux-African "Yah Mo B There". McDonald soars highest when alone as he is an exceptional balladeer, even when his material borders on treacly, as it does on the plaintive "Our Love" and the yearning "Matters of the Heart". He's better when the songs have a stronger rhythmic edge, for example, the Doobie-throwback "Blink of the Eye", the jazz-infused "Any Foolish Thing" and the masterfully swooning "Take It to Heart", my favorite track. This CD also includes a surprisingly faithful cover of Stevie Wonder's "Higher Ground", a preview of the Motown covers that have led to his current career resurgence. All I am awaiting now is the Starbucks tie-in.  The one song missing from my perspective is his haunting "I Can Let Go Now" from his first solo album, probably one of the most beautifully heartbreaking ballads I have ever heard him sing. In the meantime, this CD provides the ideal overview of one of the better pop singers and tunesmiths to come out of the overproduced LA pop factory of the late seventies.     