 There are no vampires here but something equally intriguing. Even though this Anne Rice book was first published back in 1982, I must admit my interest peaked when the extraordinary countertenor David Daniels recently mentioned it would make the ideal subject for an opera that could showcase his rarefied voice type. He's right. In her inimitable way, she has recreated the artistic and musical world of 18th century Europe, in particular, Venice and Constantinople (present-day Istanbul) with vivid strokes and seeming historical accuracy. Her protagonist is Tonio, born into nobility who thanks to a cruel elder brother, is surgically altered to become a castrato so that his voice will never mature into a man's. His estranged brother returns after his father's sudden death and wants to usurp the position of heir. Disinherited and forced to join the ranks of the castrati, Tonio plans his revenge while striving to become the greatest of all singers. This portion of the book sounds very Baroque and melodramatic, and for the most part, it is but in a most irresistible way, similar to Grard Corbiau's 1994 film, "Farinelli".   The rest of the novel focuses on Tonio's success as a singer, and the nightmares that plague him for much of his life. He receives invaluable help from Guido, a eunuch who composes opera and dreams of the perfect male soprano voice to give it life. He discovers Tonio and becomes his teacher. This is exactly what truly sets this novel apart, Rice's acute ability to immerse the reader into the world of the castrati. It's clear she has done extensive research to provide the foundation and dramatic currents of her engrossing story. We are immersed into the daily life and work of the castrato student - the vocal exercises and technical lessons in composition and notation, even the castrato's uniform, a black tunic with a red sash and a black ribbon around the neck. Their soaring voices impressed courtiers and nobility, and the best ones achieved wealth and power, but as Rice illustrates with Tonio, it all comes at a significant price - living in constant fear, an unrelenting vengeance for his brother and an impossible struggle to become a "real" man. In the afterword, Rice mentions recordings of Monteverdi and Scarlatti as inspirations for several of the scenes in the book. I suggest you play some of David Daniels' stellar recordings, such as his Nerone in Monteverdi's "L'incoronazione di Poppea" or any of his versions of Handel's arias, to get you in the proper mood for this evocative novel.     