 Media pundits will have you believe that the nation is divided neatly between red and blue states, mutually exclusive schools of thought that will seek absolution before considering compromise. There is credence for this line of thinking when examining the current regime. Looking at the Bush administration, one can see a puritanical state which espouses values and dictates policies which have been co-opted currently by an ideologically extreme agenda that leans severely to the right. The success of this comparatively small group has been surprising in their endurance, but co-authors Jacob S. Hacker and Paul Pierson, both political science professors at Yale and Berkeley, respectively, contend that most of the American public is, in fact, moderate.  They explain that moderation avoids extremes at the ends of ideological and policy making spectrums and that support for progressive policies must be explained with not only good reasons but also in quantifiable terms so that trade-offs can be enumerated. This is not that revelatory, but what sets this book apart from the rest is the lucid way that Hacker and Pierson explain how the public makes trade-offs in deciding on issues. Conventional wisdom says that to stay in power, a party must appeal to swing voters and the moderate middle. If the party veers too far right or left, the laws of political gravity should bring it down.  However, as the co-authors point out in case after case, the Bush administration and the radical right-wingers in Congress continue to gut programs supported by most Americans while lining the pockets of their corporate cronies without ever facing repercussions on Election Day. The dubious strategy shows how the Republicans furthered their unpopular policies through a potent combination of centralization, misinformation, secrecy and "backlash insurance"-a variety of tactics used to keep wayward members in line while shielding them from voter outrage. One of the most common insurance policies is "catch and release," in which the leadership allows moderates to vote their "conscience" as long as it won't threaten passage of a bill.  Hacker and Pierson, however, point out that the honeymoon may soon be over and feel that Bush is already feeling the repercussions of not veering back to center. For example, the Bush administration's attempt to privatize social security, its top agenda item, has yielded to an organized movement that highlighted the horrific trade-offs of the Bush reform proposals. The co-authors identify exactly how Bush has recognized a "diminished appetite" for changing Social Security, which is the direct result of the center's expression of moderation.  In fact, there has been a growing momentum as the center is regaining some clout through the voices of potent, high-profile opponents. A key example is Senator John McCain's efforts to prohibit torture and inhumane treatment of U.S. prisoners of war. As a postscript to the book, this past Thursday, December 15, 2005, after months of opposition, the White House agreed Thursday to McCain's call to ban torture by U.S. personnel. Other cracks in the GOP facade are starting to show as almost all of the "New Power Brokers" named in the book are either under investigation or indictment - Tom Delay, Karl Rove, Scooter Libby, Bill Frist, Jack Abramoff.  Even so, Hacker and Pierson feel strongly the right won't be easy to supplant. Republicans continue to operate with impunity, as their leadership proposes to offset the cost of Hurricane Katrina by slashing $50 billion from Medicaid, food stamps and student loan programs. Concurrently, however, they continue to push for another $70 billion in tax cuts, including elimination of the estate tax. They were even able to get the Gasoline for America's Security (GAS) Act passed, a polluter-friendly bill condemned by the Natural Resources Defense Council. The GOP has perfected the art of gerrymandering to the point where one political scientist estimates the Democrats would have needed to win 57 percent of the vote nationwide to retake the House in 2004.   Responding to the Republican hegemony will be a matter of finesse. With great insight, the co-authors argue that the solution will not be to hope that the masses will wake up and suddenly take an interest in politics. A counterforce needs to be defined much the same way the labor unions wielded their leverage in the last century. In our increasingly unequal society, in which government activity is onerous and inextricably complex, the last decade has shown that individual voters are no match for a mobilized and coordinated conservative movement capable of managing the agenda and shaping and distorting the flow of information to citizens.  This is invaluable reading, and fortunately, Hacker and Pierson's book is well written targeted specifically for a concerned and educated audience. I don't believe this a progressive manifesto but rather a reference book for any conservative or progressive to read to confirm intuitions that there is a pre-existing common ground. The co-authors give us ample evidence that Americans can and often do agree, on the values that should inform policy making and on the particular polices that ought to be adopted. Strongly recommended.     