 Just as Iranian-American author Azar Nafisi does with her memoir of life in war-torn Iran, "Reading Lolita in Tehran", Afghan-American author Khaled Hosseini paints a vivid portrait of his native country covering the period from before the 1979 Soviet invasion until the reconstruction following the fall of the odious Taliban. But unlike non-fiction and the inherent accountability of accuracy in reportage, the novel form frees Hosseini to use the volatile political landscape as a backdrop for the local everyday survival of those caught up in horrendous upheavals and the destruction of their country, livelihoods and families.  The protagonist is a novelist named Amir, who receives a fateful telephone call from a man he hasn't seen in decades, which prompts him to board a plane to the Middle East. Before he leaves American soil, Amir recounts his childhood in Kabul during the 1960s, leading inevitably to the horrific crime he witnesses. Hosseini's absorbing evocation of Kabul lifts the story above the typical coming-of-age story into something quite moving and transcendent. The political events weave seamlessly throughout the narrative so that we get an idea of the effects wrought by historical milestones such as the Russian invasion, the Mujaheddin and the Taliban. Hosseini's most potent strength as a writer is that he is capable of writing very moving prose free of unnecessary sentiment, particularly about people struggling to make a life despite gross adversity. The book is particularly compelling in the middle portion when Amir and his father make an arduous and surprisingly suspenseful escape from Kabul into Pakistan in the midst of the Russian invasion. They immigrate to America, settling finally in San Francisco. In sharply rendered detail, Hosseini creates a great deal of tension and emotion from their adjustment to their new environment and its dramatically different culture, and as a result, the relationship between father and son grows increasingly dynamic and intricate.  The novel derives its name from the Afghan custom of doing battle with kites. The kite flying contests were a big annual event for Amir when he was a child, and there is one in particular which forms the turning point of the novel. Set in 1975 when Amir is thirteen, the episode is told in thrilling detail which not only advances the story but provides color and texture to the images one forms of the characters and the world in which they live. Hosseini is not afraid to paint a picture of Amir as deeply flawed and lacking in the fundamental courage that marked his father. At the same time, the author makes Amir empathetic in a truly unforced manner. Although the book can sometimes get melodramatic, it provides an extraordinary perspective on the struggles of a country that has been long ignored and misunderstood. Strongly recommended.     