 New York Times economics reporter Louis Uchitelle has written a vital, sometimes quite emtional book about the polarizing topic of layoffs. While corporate leaders have concluded layoffs to be acceptable business behavior as a means toward increasing the bottom line, the rationale behind such decisions comes into question, and Uchitelle provides a most compelling case against taking such drastic measures. He accurately views layoffs as the consequence of companies intent on nonstop expansion. A longer-term solution against a down market is not even considered, and the author provides substantive data to prove that cuts in staffing do not lead to better stock performance.  In fact, what receives much of the author's well justified ire is the myopic aspect of CEOs intent on building the perception that they are proactively responding to business performance. Employees are treated as short-term commodities, while many CEOs not only continue to pad their own compensation packages but also ignore huge non-staff costs that are comparatively more difficult to implement.  Uchitelle focuses on the area that companies refuse to take accountability, specifically the psychological fallout on employees once they no longer are employees and the broader effect on society as a whole. What I like about his approach is that it is not simply theoretical rhetoric that he espouses but empirical evidence that he presents, both historical and contemporary. In particular, Uchitelle focuses on several corporations in Cincinnati, Indianapolis and New Britain, Conn., interviewing the executives who opted for layoffs while continuing to live in luxury and researching the laid-off workers. What he finds out is that there simply aren't enough well-paying jobs with decent benefits to meet demand. Official statistics on the number of jobless omit the people who through severance packages are bought out but really exiled, as well as those who end up contracting and consequently become free agents who shift from company to company under the dictates of often substandard market rates.  He raises the basic philosophical question that needs to be answered - Will there be a return to post-WWII values when basking from victory, people feel an obligation to take care of one another, or has a new mindset developed which emphasizes the individuality and self-absorption necessary not only to survive but thrive?  The latter camp asserts that layoffs will bring about a rejuvenated economy that will ultimately lead to an even stronger era of true equilibrium with a hierarchy based on performance. This line of thinking would make sense if we have a social infrastructure that's supports it but we still live by the rules sets by men dedicated to their companies. Until Uchitelle brought it to light with this book, what remains unspoken is the shift that has occurred in who actually carries the economic burden. It's the worker, not the company. The author has me leaning toward his position, that the rampant income volatility produced by a layoff-happy business culture is creating a society of downwardly mobile, insecure workers. I have been one of them after working in a publicly traded company for a dozen years. This is strongly recommended reading.     