 That's how the incomparably magical nanny Mary Poppins describes herself with nary a boastful smirk on a revealing tape measure in this still charming 1964 Disney classic musical set in post-Victorian London circa 1910. I was five years old when it was originally released, and I managed to convince my mother to take me to see it six times. I just saw it last night for the first time in over four decades on the big screen in a sing-along version similar to what has been done with "The Sound of Music". I still feel a genuine warmth about this movie as an adult. Such was the impact of Julie Andrews in her big screen debut, as she epitomizes the title character with equal quantities of starch and sugar.  With her unyielding posture, coltish stature and perfectly clipped diction, Andrews found her archetypal role before she even blossomed as an actress, an intractable goody-goody image she sends up mercilessly 17 years later in her husband's savage Hollywood satire, "S.O.B." There is no getting around the fact that she is ideal as the indefatigable Mary in charge of Jane and Michael, the two moppet children of neglectful banker George Banks and his flighty suffragette wife Winifred. With the help of devoted friend Bert, a Cockney jack-of-all-trades and one-man-band, Mary sets out to inspire the children's imaginations while keeping a firm though kind-hearted hand on their behavior. What I notice this time as an adult is how Mary wields a similarly positive influence on George albeit after much patriarchal consternation and sexist-driven protest.  There are so many delightful scenes that it's hard to choose which to highlight, though one of the best ones has to be the fantasy animated sequence through Bert's sidewalk painting. This is where Bert dances with the penguins, Mary leads Bert and her charges on liberated carousel horses through a foxhunt and a horserace, and both sing two of the best songs, "Jolly Holiday" and "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious". Another wonderful scene is the "Spoonful of Sugar" room clean-up scene with obviously mechanized robins and a bevy of stop-action effects. Using an overemphatic Cockney accent as Bert, Dick Van Dyke - who was then starring in his classic sitcom - is an endearing presence and a dexterous comic dancer. He also clowns around in heavy make-up as the very aged president of the bank at which George works.  David Tomlinson plays George with appropriate gruffness under his gentlemanly demeanor, while Glynis Johns lends her ingratiating quality to Winifred. The children are played without affectation by Karen Dotrice and Matthew Garber. Veteran character actors fill the rest of the roles expertly in what amounts to extended cameos - Ed Wynn as the eternally laughing and perpetually airborne Uncle Albert; Elsa Lanchester as Mary's frustrated predecessor, Katie Nanna; Arthur Treacher as the kindly Constable Jones; Reginald Owen as the delusional sea captain next door, Admiral Boom; Hermione Baddeley and Reta Shaw as the Banks's constantly flustered maids; and most touchingly, the 85-year old Jane Darwell (Ma Joad in "The Grapes of Wrath") as the bird woman on the steps of St. Paul's Cathedral.  The songs by the Sherman Brothers, Richard and Robert, are truly enchanting and memorable after all these years, especially the haunting "Feed the Birds (Tuppence a Bag)", the wistful "Chim-Chim-Cheree", and the almost "My Fair Lady"-sounding "The Life I Lead". I still have a few quibbles, for example, the "Step in Time" dance sequence is exceptionally choreographed but too darkly lit and goes on a bit too long to enjoy fully. Moreover, at 140 minutes, the movie drags a bit toward the end especially as George meets with the board of his bank. Regardless, director Robert Stevenson, who made many of the live-action Disney films of the 1960's, along with screenwriters Bill Walsh and Don Da Gradi, have concocted what has to be one of the best family-oriented confections to come out of the Hollywood studios.     