 There have been several solid books recently published on how to capitalize on the evolving economies of developing nations, but this one is the most practical. The title refers to the 86 percent of the world's six billion-plus inhabitants that live in developing countries where the per capita GNP is less than $10K per year. According to authors Vijay Mahajan and Kamini Banga, much of the world's future economic growth and enduring market opportunities reside in this expansive bracket. They appear to have the credentials to be well versed in such matters - Mahajan holds a chair in business at the University of Texas at Austin and is a former dean of the Indian School of Business, while Banga is a managing director of Dimensions Consultancy Pvt. Ltd., a firm focused on helping develop economic survival strategies for companies in developing countries.  Thus far, the authors say that most companies have too often focused their marketing disproportionately on the 14 percent of the world's population living in developed economies. They look at market strategies in developing countries more broadly than C.K. Prahalad does in his recently published and similarly themed book, "The Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid: Eradicating Poverty Through Profits". Rather than focusing on just the bottom of the pyramid, Mahajan and Banga examine every level of that pyramid and identify other ways that companies need to challenge the established Western models for marketing in approaching these emerging markets.  The strength of the 256-page book is simply that the authors provide practical ideas that make good business sense. For example, they advise manufacturers to scale down the product size for bulk items to packets if possible, and they encourage providing built-in cooling for products that are best kept refrigerated. In brief, in order to succeed with the 86% segment, companies need to create mechanisms that allow products purchased by someone in a developed economy to be used or consumed by someone in a different country. This means thinking "small" in terms of not only package size but also installment pay options, and investing in products that fulfill just fundamental consumer needs versus establishing a product niche that may not be there much less appreciated.  From this change in thinking, the authors provide valuable guidance on how to build an infrastructure to develop and deliver products. Most interestingly, Mahajan and Banga discuss the creation of a "ricochet economy" that serves the needs of immigrants abroad who maintain strong connections to their country of origin. A key example cited is a Los Angeles electronics and furniture retailer named La Curacao, where a customer in the US can purchase products and have them delivered to relatives in Mexico. The formula also works inversely where countries have taken products established in developed countries and successfully adapted them to local sensibilities. For instance, MTV has a global presence that is sensitive on a localized level with Bollywood music in India, calls to prayer broadcast five times daily in Indonesia and the infusion of a "salsa flavor" into its Brazilian programming.  Another fascinating insight is the absence of legacy systems in developing countries which would have otherwise slowed them down in adopting new technologies. As a matter of fact, these countries adapt even faster than developed countries to convenience products such as cell phones because they have not invested in large-scale telecommunications systems with land lines. On the other hand, there are certain realities to consider when putting customer needs first, such as the fact that people in villages without reliable sources of electricity cannot be expected to purchase and use products without a back-up source of energy. Mahajan and Banga recognize with acuity the fact that companies need to refocus their strategies to consider customer needs specifically in order to make the headway necessary to reap the economic benefits of the 86%.  As others write of China's looming dominance and the outsourcing power of India, these authors take a constructive step toward identifying key market opportunities available to companies to offset such trends. More than Prahalad's book, this tome provides an ideal complement to Stuart L. Hart's "Capitalism at the Crossroads: The Unlimited Business Opportunities in Solving the World's Most Difficult Problems", which identifies the need for companies to move beyond transparency towards "radical transactiveness", i.e., a willingness to engage and learn from people who hold fundamentally different world views Mahajan and Banga provide smart, practical-minded reading for those seeking a fresh perspective in conquering the future global economy.     