 Writer James Frey could have taken a lesson from Truman Capote's self-marketing savvy when he started publicizing his exaggerated, Oprah-cometh-and-Oprah-taketh-away memoir, "A Million Little Pieces". Early in his research of the Clutter murders, Capote recognized that he was inventing a new genre combining journalism and fiction, the non-fiction novel, a concept which had to be shopped with critics before he could publish his book. In fact, later on, he admitted that he made up some of the scenes he depicted as true. But Capote was not vilified because his work was so groundbreaking, and his now-classic book still reflects the writing talents of a man steeped in his reportage of a vicious incident.  The author divides the story into sections - establishing how the Clutter family lived and how they were perceived in the small Kansas community of Holcomb; painting a vivid portrait of the murderers leading to the fateful night; the in-depth investigation of local authorities afterward; and the capture, trial and eventual execution of the killers. While a lesser author would have focused more specifically on the victimization of the family, Capote dares to challenge the reader to sympathize with one of the murderers, Perry Smith - abandoned as a child, brutalized growing up, uneducated due more to the lack of resources. This is where Capote uses his skill as a journalist as he quotes old letters Perry has kept and summarizes dreams and memories Perry recalls. The evidence paints a realistic portrait of a dysfunctional family background, the obvious source of Perry's irrational anger. When fellow murderer Dick Hickock ridicules Perry, it draws us closer to Perry by default given his paltry existence and abject loneliness.  This is not to say that Capote holds back on showing Perry's angry side, somehow the only viable response he had to fight his demons. The author's more inherent gifts as a novelist come to the fore in the structure of the narrative with a pervasive use of flashbacks, subjective foreshadowing and rich characterizations to make sense of the story. With a startling transformation by Philip Seymour Hoffman, Bennett Miller's recent movie, "Capote", covers much of the same ground here, but this book is essential in discerning the author's motivations in telling such a tragic story. This is masterful writing, and unfortunately other than his nostalgic short stories, provides the one showcase of Capote's gift of humanization in the guise of beautiful prose.     