 It's impossible to take your eyes off Carole Lombard. Not only was she among the most effervescent of screen comediennes during Hollywood's golden age, at 32, she was simply that beautiful in this 1941 film strikingly transferred onto DVD. This was her penultimate film, released less than a year before her tragic death in a plane crash, but it provides a nice, if not spectacular, showcase for her skills in both screwball and drawing room comedy. As Ann and David Smith, a volatile married couple who find out that their marriage is not legal due to a jurisdiction technicality, Lombard co-stars with Robert Montgomery, who excelled in light comedy but remains relatively forgotten today compared to his peers, Cary Grant and William Powell.  At first glance, it is amazing to believe that Alfred Hithcock directed this confection given the master of suspense was between two classics, "Rebecca" and "Shadow of a Doubt", but if you look closely enough, you will likely notice quite a few of his touches, including his cameo walk-on appearance in front of the Smiths' 72nd Street apartment building. There is an occasional odd close-up, for instance, of a lamp cord that Ann trips over, or subtly threatening scenes, such as when Ann shaves David with an open razor or when Ann and her suitor get stuck high above a crowd in a parachute ride - all these moments seem Hitchcokian in hindsight. However, it's really the clever though predictable script by Norman Krasna and the romantic sparring of the leads that dominates the film.   The bulk of the story is how David tries to win back Ann, who is smarting from the fact that David did not let her know they were not legally married. She finds out from the clerk who was assigned to inform the married couple of their illegal status since he is from her hometown. In the meantime, David is forced to stay at his men's club (the norm for thirties comedies), while Ann is courted by his law partner Jefferson, who is the epitome of Southern gentility. Plenty of shenanigans ensue until the inevitable ending, though the pacing of the film feels sluggish at times, which is a shame given its relatively short 95-minute running time. At the same time, I think this may have been intentional since it seems ultimately more a character-driven comedy than a situation-derived farce.  Montgomery lacks Grant's erudite manner and physical dexterity, but he has an easy, pugnacious charm. Playing the stock Ralph Bellamy, third-wheel role, Gene Raymond - perhaps best known for romancing Dolores Del Rio in the first Astaire-Rogers musical, "Flying Down to Rio" - is a surprisingly sturdy comic foil as Jefferson. Along with the original trailer, the DVD package includes an informative sixteen-minute documentary, "Mr. Hitchcock Meets the Smiths", produced just in 2004. It includes comments from directors Peter Bogdanovich and Richard Franklin; film historians Robert Osborne and Richard Schickel; Hitchcock's daughter Pat; and his granddaughter Mary. They all wax fondly on the master director's dry, sometimes caustic sense of humor and how it came in handy making this film. This comedy is not in the same league as other screwball comedies such as "Bringing Up Baby" or Lombard's cherished "My Man Godfrey". However, any time Lombard shows up, the screen simply lights up. What a tragedy that she didn't have a longer career.     