 As romantic comedies go, this is as lightweight as they come, but a surprisingly smart script by Peter Tolan and Leslie Dixon somehow maneuvers around the plot contrivances to make this among the more likeable of the current crop. Recovering from her ambitious but crestfallen attempt at portraying a period-authentic Becky Sharp in last year's "Vanity Fair", Reese Witherspoon comes back to her natural oeuvre as yet another overachiever, this time a workaholic doctor named Elizabeth in a hospital in contemporary San Francisco.  Like Meg Ryan, whose career she seems to be emulating, Witherspoon seems most comfortable in these types of confections where she is called upon to be feisty and intelligent and whose one blind spot is the man she detests at the beginning only to be smitten with him by the end. This time, the man is David, played by Mark Ruffalo showing surprising dexterity as a physical comedian and an all-around farceur. Not so surprisingly, David is also a sensitive, traumatized soul who has sublet her apartment under a most extraordinary circumstance. Having nailed this type of part since his breakout role in "You Can Count on Me", Ruffalo has no problem showing this tender side without emasculating the character.  Anyone who has seen "Topper", "The Ghost and Mrs. Muir", Warren Beatty's "Heaven Can Wait" or "Ghost" basically knows the rest of the plot except for a second-half twist that can be viewed as the ultimate Hollywood cop-out or a creative albeit molly-coddled view of euthanasia. I have to give credit to director Mark Waters for not belaboring the political implications of this topic while keeping a congenial air about the improbable romance that develops between the two leads. Luckily, Witherspoon and Ruffalo have true chemistry, and this goes a long way to make this an enjoyable concoction. Even though the last half-hour is unashamedly manipulative, the combination of the script and the performances makes the ending far more satisfying than one has any right to expect.   The supporting cast is not called on to do much beyond their standard issue roles, but the actors play the roles expertly - Donal Logue as David's wiseass best buddy Jack, Dina Waters as Elizabeth's pestering older sister Abby, Ivana Milicevic as not-as-vacuous-as-you-think neighbor Katrina, and in a bit of stunt casting, Jon Heder, in full "Napoleon Dynamite" mode, as a psychic bookstore clerk who can pick up on Elizabeth's aura. Higher expectations of life affirmation messages should be doused before you decide to view this manufactured film, but those looking for a well-turned "date movie" shouldn't be disappointed. I have to admit the movie charmed me.      