 A sliver of a tome, this one is worth having at arm's length in case you are facing one of life's challenges and your self-esteem is in precarious balance. Don Miguel Ruiz has written something quite simple yet profound based on ancient Toltec wisdom he learned from his elders in Mexico. The book explains how, as children, we're taught all kinds of things about what we must do and who we must please-and as we find out, often through expensive psychoanalysis or at least a hefty dollop of Oprah, a lot of those beliefs make us unhappy. He explains succinctly that we have become mired in others' "black magic". This problem started for us at birth when the nurturing process begins. We have chosen to believe what we have been programmed to believe, i.e., that we are imperfect, we are bad, that we depend on each other to assess our value. Ruiz explains that we can create our own earthbound heaven by reclaiming the birthright of our happiness and stop believing all the lies we've been given. But a person can make four simple pacts that will make a huge difference in his or her life.  In brief, the four agreements are: (1) "Be impeccable with your word."  Don't lie, don't gossip. Follow through on your commitments. (2) "Don't take anything personally." Don't judge yourself by how others perceive you. Everyone acts out of his or her own preconceptions. If someone asks you for a favor, you will do it only if you want to and not because you have to. (3) "Don't make assumptions." No could have, should have second-guessing. Allow experiences to be what they are, for as Tony Randall memorably said as Felix on "The Odd Couple", "Never assume...because you make an 'ass' of 'u' and 'me'." (4) "Always do your best." And you will never have to worry how you could have done better.  These are basic principles, common sense really, but taken together, it's a powerful message to anyone who questions the value of their existence. Obviously this is all easier said than done, especially when you are challenged by those who have yet to be touched by these agreements. That's what makes this particularly essential reading for the soul.     