 With the primacy of reality programming on current primetime TV schedules and the fight for ratings even more virulent with the dismantling of the networks, the vitriol and perceptiveness of Paddy Chayefsky's screenplay for this searing satire resonates today more than ever. What gives the prophetic movie its power is how the story never veers that far from the truth, even in 1976 when the film was originally released. In fact, what may have seemed excessive back then has mostly come true, and that's the beauty of reintroducing this modern classic in a bountiful two-disc DVD package in 2006.  Set in the fictitious offices of the ratings cellar-dwelling UBS network, the multi-layered story initially focuses on Howard Beale, the aging anchorman of the evening news. About to be fired and in a state of dementia, he announces on the air that he is going to commit suicide. Veteran UBS news director Max Schumacher, Beale's longtime friend and colleague, is called in to convince Beale to retract his statement. Instead, Beale goes on a rampage about the nauseating decline of American society. Ratings skyrocket, and up-and-coming programming executive Diana Christensen wants to take control of Beale's show and turn it into an outrageous infotainment show with Beale as the "Mad Prophet of the Airwaves". Schumacher and Christensen are at odds professionally but not before entering into a torrid affair which has him leaving his patient wife. The novelty of both the program and the affair, however, eventually wears off, and ratings plummet leading to drastic measures that the network decides to take.  Director Sidney Lumet certainly knows how to tell a virulent story that teeters precariously between reality and satire and uses Lee Richardson's appropriately stentorian voiceover as the perfect chorus. Lumet also gets superb performances out of a powerful ensemble starting with Peter Finch who captures the visceral rage and psychological decline of Beale in accurate detail. It's a showy role with little introspection shared about his elliptical character, but he makes it work for the viewer. In what turned out to be the best of his late career performances, William Holden guides the only moral conscience the network seems to have, even as he gives into the temptations of a younger woman who only lives for and through television.  Ideally cast, Faye Dunaway uses her cool, collected beauty to great advantage here. What's more, with barely a hint of humanity, she pierces with the sheer venom of Christensen's unapologetically Machiavellian strategies. She has a willing partner in Frank Hackett, the ratings-hungry head of UBS, played with malevolently energetic force by Robert Duvall. In smaller roles that amount to vividly etched cameos, Ned Beatty brings out Shakepearean-level bluster as corporate bigwig Arthur Jensen preaching to Beale on the power of the almighty buck; Marlene Warfield is all anger and commercial savvy as the Angela Davis doppelganger revolutionary Laureen Hobbs; and Beatrice Straight is superb as Schumacher's betrayed wife moving from fury to resignation with aching desperation. Even though the film has the visual look of a television show, it is a true masterwork driven by Chayefsky's brilliant script.  The DVD package contains Lumet's expert commentary on the first disc. The second disc has an 85-minute, six-chapter documentary produced specifically for the DVD, "The Making of Network", which includes participation from among others, Lumet, Dunaway, Beatty, producer Howard Gottfried and Walter Cronkite's daughter Kathy (who had a bit part as a Patty Hearst-like character in the movie). Produced by Laurent Bouzereau, who did similar duties on the recently released DVD of David Lean's "Ryan's Daughter", it is chockfull of interesting information about the production and a fascinating historical perspective by Cronkite himself.  In addition, there is an odd curio, an appearance by Chayefsky on Dinah Shore's daytime talk show when the film was released. He lends intriguing insight into his screenplay, his perspective on television and what he feels the movie is all about, even though Shore and guest Steve Lawrence are intrusively banal with their interjectory comments (Shore's other guest Anne Bancroft has the good sense to keep her mouth shut when Chayefsky talks). The last piece is a career retrospective interview with Lumet on Robert Osborne's "Private Screenings" series on Turner Movie Classics. While Lumet's filmmaking career is impressive, Osborne's rather celebratory questioning really doesn't lend much insight beyond a recital of Lumet's laudatory accomplishments.     