 The most immediate traits one picks up from reading Bill Clinton's autobiography are his resilience and his charm, the two attributes that most directly come across on television. This is not to diminish the scope or depth of what he has written here as he has led a most unique life. Rather these traits portend a man who knows not only how to survive against adversity but how to prevail as if his legacy has already been assured. How history will view Clinton a century from now will be interesting since so much of what makes him memorable is his ability to connect with people during these times. And even with a wife who has been elected to the U.S. Senate and earmarked as the frontrunner for the 2008 Democratic ticket, he remains the dominant Clinton in the American psyche. The man is undeniably charismatic no matter how you view the life he has led. That's why this book provides great value since it provides a foundation for his legacy steeped as it is in a great amount of detail and explanation. At more than a thousand pages, this would border on excess from anybody else, but the length perfectly defines Clinton's character as a high-minded and goal-oriented intellectual determined to tell his story his way regardless of what his pundits would want him to emphasize and edit. His comprehensive approach may wear some out, but it provides major dividends as this has to be the most thorough account of a presidency ever written, justification enough for anyone interested in what is to be learned from the most difficult job in the world. Clinton not only highlights the milestone achievements and crises but also describes in sometimes surprising minutiae how his office worked on a daily basis for the eight years of his administration. Just for the simple fact that he has endured a multitude of scandals and fielded all sorts of questions about his character and integrity makes this autobiography a very worthwhile read.  Like it or not, Clinton is a nonlinear thinker, and this reflects in his often stream-of-consciousness writing style. For instance, instead of bringing up the illicit affairs with Gennifer Flowers and Monica Lewinsky as they happened in his life, he chooses to talk about them carefully within the context of the legal depositions that followed after the affairs were disclosed. I'm sure many are frustrated by what they view as an evasive approach to his adulterous behavior, but it more reflects a man who recognizes his shortcomings but does not place undue emphasis on them. What Clinton succeeds at reporting is his public life as separate from his private demons. If the reader can get past judging his personal behavior, one can see his career shaped by a resolute determination to improve the life of his fellow citizens, an intense commitment to civil rights and the environment, and an exceptional understanding of daily life from the Oval Office.   Clinton spends relatively little time on his childhood where he had to protect his mother and himself from the abuse of an alcoholic stepfather. Yet he is greatly sympathetic toward him for what his stepfather tried to do. Even at an early age, Clinton looked inward to see the cracks in his reality, the difference between what is and what might be. It is a uniquely personal facility that would carry him forth through his Presidency. The rest of this voluminous book is really about his political career and not nearly as much about his family life or his personal dealings. That is his decision to make, and given the richnes of what he shares, I don't disagree with it. His tone is confident throughout but especially so as he recalls his presidency dealing with complex policy-making and often frightening international issues, all within the context of an aggressive assault orchestrated by his conservative enemies. By no means is this a perfect book, and certain sections could have been better edited in hindsight, but it is essential reading for anyone who wants to understand the lingering impact of Bill Clinton's political career on our society.     