 A bedeviled masterwork from Orson Welles, 1958's "Touch of Evil" is as stylish a piece of film noir cinema as I have ever seen, all the more arresting for the fact that the plot is pure dime-store pulp fiction same as his earlier classic "The Lady from Shanghai". This time, he plays Hank Quinlan, the central character, a grossly obese, corrupt police captain in a Mexican border town named Los Robles, evidently once an idealistic law enforcer who let his ego take control toward a Machiavellian sense of power over the town. For instance, when he thinks he's right about a suspect, Quinlan will manufacture evidence than uncover real facts to expedite his cases. While Quinlan's bloated physical state is an obvious metaphor for his moral decline, it is painful to watch Welles embody the character so literally knowing how his own career was in decline at the time. Yet, he is as masterful as he was in "Citizen Kane", evoking the increasing isolation of a man obsessed by power.  As a director, he remains peerless when it comes to heightening the pictorial aspects of film. No one composed shots more dramatically than Welles, and he used deep shadows to enhance the seediness of the plot. The expert cinematography is by Russell Metty. His famously lengthy opening tracking shot through the streets and over buildings is still a marvel of seamless exposition, and he did an even longer, more subtle single shot in the apartment where the incriminating dynamite is placed. Welles audaciously cast several name actors in pivotal roles starting with the leads. In between his massive Biblical epics "The Ten Commandments" and "Ben-Hur", Charlton Heston actually gives what I think is his career-best performance as Mexican narcotics officer Mike Vargas, the moral opposite of Quinlan who gets caught in the captain's web as he is honeymooning with his American wife Susan. She is portrayed by Janet Leigh, who for once, comes across as effortlessly sexy here before she is dragged through the corruption herself. Their characters are entangled in the car explosion murder of a rich contractor and his girlfriend and the labyrinth of frame-ups instigated by Quinlan to uphold his standing.  The inhabitants of Los Robles are a rogue's gallery of eccentric characters filled with some surprising star cameos. Welles provides legend Marlene Dietrich with one of her best roles as Tanya, a cynical Gypsy fortune teller who still has some residue feeling for Quinlan. Zsa Zsa Gabor stops by for about twenty seconds in a non-speaking part as a strip joint owner, just enough not to ruin the movie. Dennis Weaver, on the other hand, overplays the nervous, sex-crazed motel manager as almost a precursor to Norman Bates from "Psycho", a parallel made ironic by the presence of Leigh in a similarly abandoned motel. His character seems pitched somewhere between Anthony Perkins and Don Knotts. Russian-born character actor Akim Tamiroff is effectively greasy as Uncle Joe Grandi, a sweaty drug dealer with a terrible toupee, constantly looking like a pig facing slaughter. Joseph Calleia is excellent as Pete Menzies, Quinlan's longtime partner who has grown weary of being his pigeon. Mercedes McCambridge has a slimy bit as a leather-jacketed dyke. There are also a blind shopkeeper, a drug smuggler, a terrorizing gang of juvenile delinquents who instigate a rape, and ancillary parts played by "Citizen Kane" alumni, Joseph Cotten and Ray Collins.  The story behind the 1998 re-edit presented here is fascinating, as it reflects a 58-page memo from Welles to Universal Studios chief Ed Muhl after the filmmaker saw the bastardized cut. Master film editor Walter Murch followed Welles' instructions and reinserted scenes deleted from the original release. Much of this is chronicled in Michael Ondaatje's insightful 2002 interview book, "The Conversations: Walter Murch and the Art of Editing Film". The text of the memo and the film trailer are the only real extras in the DVD. Even with its flaws and the story's inherent tawdriness, this is essential viewing of work by a master who could never maintain the momentum of his genius in Hollywood.     