 In only her second directorial effort (after "Yentl"), Barbra Streisand proves to be a masterful storyteller with an almost exaggerated romantic sensibility and an unfettered preoccupation with psychoanalysis.  She obviously found the perfect vehicle in Pat Conroy's epic novel about Tom Wingo, a Southerner whose failing marriage and career reflect a deep suppression of an abusive childhood, the memories of which are triggered by his twin sister's suicide attempt. That the story revolves around a man's personal crisis versus a woman's may strike some as odd given Streisand's particularly female perspective, but she actually makes Tom's complex personal journey resonate with greater sensitivity as a result. In fact, the emotionalism Streisand invests in her musical performances is very much in evidence here, and her lush, almost Baroque style fits the contours of this soap opera very well.  The 1991 movie is helped immeasurably by a galvanizing performance from Nick Nolte, who captures all the layers of pride, regret, anger, sadness and humiliation in his character. He propels the storyline with the unbridled passion of an actor sinking his teeth into a juicy part as only a female director could define it. In fact, Streisand steps back to play the subordinate role of Dr. Susan Lowenstein, the pricey New York psychiatrist treating Tom's sister, Savannah. Granted, she does make herself rather beatific even in her high skirts and flimsy blouses, but such expectations come with Streisand as she basically plays Tom's savior. At the same time, it is probably her most subtle work onscreen even with the touches of excess that often detract from her performances. She also hands out plum parts to both the wonderful Kate Nelligan, who gets to age convincingly as Tom's upwardly driven mother with a dark secret, and Blythe Danner, dependably effective as Tom's conflicted wife. Both especially excel in their revelatory conversations with Tom, the dialogue insightful without delving too much into psychobabble. Credit should be given to Conroy and Betsy Johnston, who wrote the superb screenplay. Melinda Dillon has little to do as Savannah except look traumatized, which she does well. And in a not too subtle display of nepotism, Streisand's son, Jason Gould, sullenly plays the doctor's son, a musician-in-training who is coached on the finer points of football by Tom.  The movie is not without flaws. First, there is a critical scene where Tom confesses to Lowenstein (as Tom calls her) what exactly happened in his childhood that none of the Wingos have been willing or able to share with anyone else.  Because of Streisand's effective juxtaposition of the long-ago violent crime with the present-day therapy session and Nolte's superb work, this is an especially powerful sequence. It feels climactic in nature given the depth of the catharsis we have been presented at that point, but the problem is that it comes about 45 minutes before the end of the movie. It is around this point that the story shifts to an inevitable affair between Tom and Lowenstein following a tense, pretentious dinner party with Jeroen Krabbe holding court as her psychologically abusive husband, a world renowned violinist out to humiliate Tom. Consequently, we are given a flagrant detour into Lowenstein's own catharsis, which brings up valid questions about her character's professionalism in even having an intimate relationship with a patient. This part of the story is Streisand at her most self-indulgent as both director and actor, as we follow these two smitten people on gauzy romantic walks and sweaty lovemaking by candlelight. Luckily the film recovers toward the end before any serious damage is done. Special mention should be made of the beautiful cinematography by Stephen Goldblatt, who perfectly captures the burnished aura of the lowlands of South Carolina, and the symphonic, often swooning score by James Newton-Howard. It's an impressive accomplishment to translate Conroy's lengthy, often florid narrative into a cohesive movie that retains the major themes of its source material, and Streisand has done a splendid job in pulling it all together.     