 This audacious novel immediately reminded me of Mark Haddon's masterful "The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time" in taking the perspective of a child and following him on a search for his identity against seemingly insurmountable odds. In his version, author Jonathan Safran Foer is focused primarily on Oskar, a precocious nine-year old boy living on the Upper West side of Manhattan. He is the type of literary invention who writes letters to Stephen Hawking, designs his own jewelry, and wanders about New York City playing "The Flight of the Bumblebee" on the tambourine. In other words, the reality of big city life does not seem to exist in Oskar's world. Whereas Haddon uses autism as a means for his protagonist to see the truth of events others could not, Foer uses a near-Dickensian literary device of having a wiser-than-his-years child absorb the psychological impact of 9/11, aided by elders who have gone through similar brutality in their youth.   On that fateful day, Oskar discovers five urgent messages from his father on the family's answering machine - he is trapped in the north tower of the World Trade Center. The child decides to hide the messages from his mother. A year passes and one day, Oskar breaks a blue vase stored in his father's closet and finds in it a key in an envelope labeled "Black." Oskar decides that this key holds a clue to some essential mystery about his father and decides to contact every person named Black in New York City. Oskar's quest is soon facilitated by a group of caring old people more than happy to be of use. The most pivotal figure is his paternal grandmother, to whom he is close. Foer introduces another narrative thread by flashbacking to the grandmother's past sixty years prior. As a young woman during WWII, she survived the Allied firebombing of Dresden, which the author renders in vivid and appalling detail. As an immigrant in postwar New York, she runs into Thomas Schell, who had been Anna's fianc, survived the attack but became mute as a result. The two eventually marry, but before Oskar's father is born the elder Thomas abandons his wife. She doesn't hear from him for forty years, not until he shows up, post-9/11, on her doorstep.  Although Oskar's journey is the main thrust of the story, the book is ornamented with stream-of consciousness monologues and dialogues that shift the plot between the present and WWII Dresden. Foer's literary conceit allows him to explore issues such as how to love after one has endured the unendurable, how much commitment is enough to sustain a relationship, and how to forgive if at all. I can appreciate why Foer chooses this parallel narrative structure, as it would be too much to expect a child to absorb the full psychological devastation induced by 9/11, even if it meant the loss of his father. As Ian McEwan proved more successfully though somewhat more elliptically in his recent novel "Saturday", 9/11 was a malevolent, almost surreal act that turned our otherwise banal and safe world into one of seeping paranoia and immeasurable fear. But for Oskar, the idea of having such a deep revelation is nothing that would have been credible on its own, so Foer uses the old people to explain it on their terms through ruminations and letters telling of their life stories. Ultimately, the burden of maintaining this structure makes 9/11 fade into the background more than it should, and one is left with the forlorn feeling that the event has been more exploited than explored. At the same time, Foer's intense creativity does allow a certain wistfulness to permeate the narrative. It's an ambitious, flawed book from a talented 28-year old writer who wants very much to capture the sorrow, guilt and loss of 9/11 in an original way. He succeeds to a surprising extent though certainly not fully.     