 Somehow this 1967 film classic still works perhaps because it's not as dated as one would hope it would be. I was motivated to see this film for the umpteenth time since I recently saw the rather toothless partial remake, "Guess Who" with Bernie Mac and Ashton Kutcher. The plot is fairly low-key taking place mostly in the upscale San Francisco home of Matt and Christina Drayton, a crusading liberal newspaper publisher and his art gallery-owning wife. That's the set-up for their daughter Joey's surprise return from her vacation in Hawaii with an unexpected fiance in tow.  The fact that the Draytons are white and the fiance, John Wade Prentice, is black provides the focus of the plot, but make no mistake that the casting of screen legends Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn as the Draytons and Sidney Poitier - then one of the most popular stars - as Prentice alters the reality of the situation considerably. There are also several plot contrivances that seem suitable for this story but not in real-life, for instance, the increasingly imminent departure of the young couple to Geneva, Prentice's statement to the Draytons that a marriage will not happen without their approval, Joey's constant impulsiveness and her seemingly cavalier attitude toward the sensitivities of others.  Yet what continues to be surprising is that the film's glamorization of interracial romance among the wealthy does not detract from its sheer entertainment value. Despite the seriousness of the subject, especially at the height of the civil rights movement, director Stanley Kramer - in his typically socially conscious mode - and screenwriter William Rose have fashioned mostly a drawing room comedy that turns heavier and more significant with the last dramatic scenes.   Because this is more an ensemble piece, it barely feels like a Tracy-Hepburn film, especially since they look very settled as a long-ago married couple. They do have a few scenes together where you can strongly feel the natural onscreen rapport that had lasted for 25 years - the Oregon boysenberry scene, the walk through their patio as she cuts the flowers, the lasting stare between them at the end. In his last film finished a little over two weeks before his death, Tracy looks far older than his 67 years but still does masterful work as Drayton, a man who unexpectedly finds himself at odds with his values with his daughter's sudden announcement. His famous climactic monologue is the film's understandable high point, but he also does wonders listening to everyone else's thoughts and opinions.  Hepburn imbues her trademark independent spirit in what seems to be an observational role. Considering she was in-between her morphine-addicted Mary Tyrone in "Long Day's Journey Into Night" and her vengeful Eleanor of Aquitaine in "The Lion in Winter", her seemingly passive role here hardly seems worthy of her time except for the way she looks at Tracy or Katharine Houghton (her real-life niece) or in a couple of meaty confrontation scenes - the first with her bigoted gallery manager whom she tells with contained fury to "get permanently lost" and the second an ultimatum in the bathroom to Matt should he not condone the marriage.  Poitier seems comfortable portraying an incredibly accomplished man but really does not catch dramatic fire until the last half-hour when he confronts his own father about his feelings. Houghton, relentlessly perky to the point of strangulation, has a relatively thankless role as Joey as she is the catalyst for the plot machinations but has no scene which allows her character to respond verbally to the groundswell of problems the situation has caused for those around her. This may have been intentional, but it creates an odd, somewhat selfish imbalance to her character.  Beah Richards has a few quietly powerful moments as Prentice's mother, who accuses Drayton rather vicariously of forgetting what it's like to be in love. As her retired postal carrier husband, Roy S. Glenn provides bluster to his role, but his character is given short shrift especially in his non-response to Poitier's memorable tirade near the end. Not all the roles are noteworthy though - Cecil Kellaway seems to have walked in from a Bing Crosby movie as the wise, twinkly Monsignor Ryan, and Isabel Sanford  from a sitcom set as the Draytons' sassy maid Tillie. The DVD has a clean print of the film but only a trailer as an extra.     