 I am the first to admit that I am not the target viewer for this film, as it serves up crash-and-burn car chases, blood-splattering shootouts, cartoonish "Kill Bill"-inspired martial arts fight scenes and a stoic, vigilante hero. None of the contrived premise of this 2005 action thriller is original, but the rapid-fire and thoroughly preposterous execution should satisfy fans of the genre. It all focuses on unflappable Frank Martin working temporarily as the chauffeur for the son of a rising US government drug czar. Of course, the kid is the target of a kidnapping by a nasty drug lord and his gang of thugs, including a bloodless supermodel killer who looks like pop singer Pink's bodybuilding sister. The plot kicks into high gear with a by-the-numbers "deadly virus" angle which conveniently kills anyone within breathing distance from the infected. Your eyes will be rolling throughout, especially the downed plane toward the end, though what barely saves the film is a sense of humor about Martin's anal-retentive nature and super-human dexterity.  I think the film could have benefited from more blatant comedy, but sadly director Louis Leterrier and screenwriters Luc Besson and Robert Mark Kamen seem to take the ridiculous plotline pretty seriously. Jason Statham returns to the title role in this sequel, and he handles the athleticism and Clint Eastwood-like speech mannerisms to the presumed requirements of the role. Alessandro Gassman is appropriately greasy as drug lord Gianni, while supermodel Amber Valletta actually has some credibility as the mother of the kidnapped boy who unsurprisingly becomes drawn to Frank. On the other hand, Kate Nauta plays the supermodel killer as if reading cue cards. Although I like Franois Berland as Frank's cop friend, he feels merely like a convenient plot device, and I was disappointed to see Matthew Modine, apparently in a career downshift, playing the drug czar in such a predictable manner. There is a standard making-of featurette with the DVD, as well as a fitfully amusing blooper reel. I have to give the filmmakers credit for earning a PG-13 rating for all the implied violence they provide here.      