 A business professor at the University of California at Irvine as well as the publisher of a solid weekly newsletter on the economy, author Peter Navarro has written a sharp, timely tome on how executives can better manage their own businesses through economic cycles they inevitably deem unpredictable. What I like about Navarro's text is that unlike others who seem to thrive on crystal-ball methodologies, he doesn't pretend to hold all the answers to such macroeconomic turbulence. Instead, Navarro provides well-researched pointers on how to use existing economic indicators to formulate strategies to insulate firms better from the inherent volatility of business cycles.  Anyone can imagine that it has to be a daunting task to conquer trends perceived to be unforeseeable, especially since the executive teams of many well-known large corporations have failed so miserably at it. Through his comprehensive research, however, he identifies those who have indeed mastered these cycles by taking what outsiders would likely view as high-risk moves toward a less vulnerable future. Key examples that Navarro points out are those managers who fundamentally buy high and sell low, whether it means counter-cycling capital expenditures or snapping up great employees at low wages when a surrounding recession has forced competitors to lay off talented workers.  The greatest value Navarro provides here is how he unearths the hard-earned experiences of real companies that have managed not only to persevere but actually thrive during the business downturns. A particularly stellar case of a CEO paying attention to key economic indicators is Johnson & Johnson's Ralph Larsen. In anticipation of the 2001 recession, Navarro points out how Johnson & Johnson cut its capital expenditures by more than $100 million at the height of the economic boom in 2000. Building up its cash reserves, the company boomed in both revenues and earnings. At the time, market investors were moving money into defensive sectors such as health and medical care stocks, which allowed Johnson & Johnson to take advantage and be positioned to see their stock soar during a determinedly bearish market in 2001.  Similarly, the author points out how Lehman Bothers has, to great advantage, hired during recessions and how Dell Computers poured more money into advertising during the 1990-91 recession, consequently gaining customers from more established computer firms who had reactively slashed their advertising budgets. The "don't let this happen to you" end of the spectrum is best illustrated by Cisco Systems's CEO John Chambers. Ignoring the fact that oil prices multiplied and interest rate later escalated, Cisco did nothing to acknowledge macroeconomic indicators in their forecasting models, and the company stock price came crashing down as a result with unprecedented inventory write-offs and employee layoffs.   Several name-brand companies are profiled extensively and objectively - from the old guard of Proctor & Gamble and Anheuser Busch to intriguing niche players such as Abercrombie and Fitch, Gateway Computers and Southwest Airlines. Through these business cases, Navarro shows how to varying degrees of success, these companies align facets of their business strategy and operations to ride out often volatile cycles effectively, whether the focus is on production and inventory, marketing and pricing, hedging business cycle risk, or diversifying the risk. This easy-to-read book is certainly invaluable reading for those business leaders who lack consensus on their strategic plans and certainly holds interest for us investors who can assess whether companies are proactive or reactive in their approach to managing themselves in unstable markets.     