 I remember very well Corky St. Clair's first appearance on "Saturday Night Live" in the late eighties when he was providing ballet lessons to Martin Short and Harry Shearer, who were playing brothers training to be the first male synchronized swimming team to enter the Olympics. Christopher Guest has resuscitated his character, a rather effete and somewhat flamboyant choreographer/stage director, for this monumentally funny 1997 satire on small-town theatre productions. As the master of his own film genre, the mockumentary,  Guest brings his keen observational skills to a first-person interview movie, pre-dating the current glut of reality shows and capturing that strangely compelling feeling when life starts to feel more real when it's lived on-camera. Along with co-star Eugene Levy, he has written a surprisingly revealing character study of a group of people living predictable existences in the mythical town of Blaine, Missouri, the stool capital of the world. Thanks to Corky's skewed eye for raw talent and his infectious ambition, they are chosen for a musical history pageant about the town, "Red, White and Blaine", and slowly start to harbor dreams of stardom. The title refers to an influential New York theater critic that Guest is hoping will come and see the show, so they can all make it to Broadway. Far-fetched? You bet.   Guest has assembled a cast of brilliant comic actors to bring these rural, red-state characters to life. Levy plays enthusiastic newcomer, Dr. Allan Pearl, a tone-deaf dentist with coke-bottle glasses, who quickly comes out of his self-imposed shell with his stage debut.  He captures all the pride and humiliation of his character with an untimely knack for borscht-belt-style humor. Indie-film princess Parker Posey portrays Libby Mae Brown, a Dairy Queen counter girl who wins her role by performing a saucy version of Doris Day's "Teacher's Pet".  She especially shines when she talks about her idea of low-calorie "blizzards" or about "meeting guys" in New York. As Ron and Sheila Albertson, the showbiz-savvy couple who run a local travel agency, Fred Willard and Catherine O'Hara bring their familiar brio to two souls that have an unsuspecting dark side.  In particular, in the midst of exposing Ron's penile reduction surgery to the Pearls, O'Hara has a drunken scene in a Chinese restaurant that is as devastating as it is hilarious.  There are lots of wonderful actors in smaller roles like Larry Miller as the clueless mayor; Bob Balaban as the put-upon music teacher at creative odds with Corky; and Michael Hitchcock as a Streisand-loving town council member dying to be in the show. Guest himself manages to transcend the obvious stereotype of his character by injecting an oddly affecting warmth that makes Corky ironically empathetic to the viewer, especially as his dreams seem to slip away near the end. But the humor is never lost, and the coda, where Corky shows off his movie memorabilia in his novelty store, is hysterical.  The movie is only 84 minutes, so the DVD contains loads of deleted scenes - a couple of interesting scenes that show the darker elements behind the Albertsons' hapless faade; Libby using some anachronistic Actors' Studio-like Method techniques in her audition; an extended production number called "Bulging River" which actually shows off the musical talents of the cast; and a meandering driving scene that shows Corky telling each of the cast that they won parts in his show. This movie is a complete delight worthy of repeat viewings.     