 Romantic comedies don't come much lighter than this early Neil Simon confection based on the early days of his first marriage. With Broadway in such a desperate state to open a revival of the original play this past week (and to rather abominable reviews), it's worth revisiting the 1967 screen adaptation starring the youthful, fresh-faced pair of Robert Redford and Jane Fonda. They convincingly play Paul and Corie Bratter, hot-to-trot newlyweds who after spending seven passion-filled nights at the Plaza, find the everyday trials and tribulations of marriage rather rough going. Corie has secured them a sixth-floor walk-up studio in Greenwich Village surrounded by eccentric neighbors, chief among them an aging lothario, Victor Velasco. Her widowed mother comes for dinner, which Corie transforms into a blind date with the wily Velasco. In the meantime, the personality clash between the button-down Paul and the free-spirited Corie comes to a head with Paul walking out drunk and sick with a head cold. The ending for all four characters is inevitable, but the journey there generates some nice giggles. It's all pretty generic and filmed rather flatly by Gene Saks as a movie barely opened up for the movie screen.  The young leads show why they are still around nearly forty years later. This was the second of three screen pairings for Redford and Fonda, albeit they barely had any screen time together in 1966's "The Chase", a legendary bomb documented in dishy detail in James Robert Parish's just-released "Fiasco: A History of Hollywood's Iconic Flops". Luckily, they are more in their element here as Redford repeats his hit Broadway performance with rueful, self-effacing wit. He makes his staid lawyer character likable in spite of his initial rigidity and seems to regale in the liberation Paul experiences when he walks out. In what was her last Hollywood ingnue role before Barbarella and political activism beckoned, Fonda is a ball of energy as Corie, effortlessly sexy and flirtatious but surprisingly pure of intent in becoming a housewife. Charles Boyer is ideally cast as Velasco, using his well-worn boulevardier style to great effect, and Mildred Natwick plays Corie's jittery, pink-pill-popping mother with genuine warmth and crack timing. It's worth another look if only to see two stars well before they became icons. Within a couple of years of the film's release, Redford would explode in "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid", and Fonda would turn in startling work in "They Shoot Horses, Don't They?". The DVD has no extras except for the trailer.     