 Aaron Eckhart made his first vivid big-screen impression as the misogynistic Chad in Neil LaBute's scathing 1997 "In the Company of Men". Since then, he has been waffling in leading man roles, but luckily, he comes back to form as the appropriately named Nick Naylor, tobacco industry lobbyist extraordinaire, in first-time director/writer Jason Reitman's wonderfully acerbic comedy about the power of media spin around the availability of cigarettes despite inescapable evidence that smoking kills. The film's perspective is ruthlessly cynical and most of the characters morally ambiguous, but those are the primary reasons why this movie sizzles full of shrewd insights about political gamesmanship in both the public and private sectors. The zigzag plot follows Nick from the bogus, cigarette company-funded Academy of Tobacco Studies to the pretentiously Zen office of an equally pretentious Hollywood Studio mogul to a dicey encounter with a former Marlboro man to the welcoming arms of an ambitious reporter. The unpredictable journey provides Reitman an opportunity for both broad, whack-a-mole comedy to piercing, observant zingers that resonate with the truths they expose.  Reitman has recruited a first-class cast to bring his brittle satire to life starting with a superb turn by Eckhart, who alternates easily between unapologetically smug and begrudgingly likable. At their favorite watering hole, Nick's two lobbyist buddies are played with barbed precision by David Koechner as the Bush-sound-alike firearms specialist and especially the wondrous Maria Bello as the sharp-tongued alcohol representative. There are also inspired turns from very unlikely sources with Rob Lowe hilarious as Jeff Megall, the honey-voiced, Asia-obsessed mogul; Sam Elliott defiantly cagey as the Marlboro Man; and even Katie Holmes surprisingly convincing as Heather Holloway, the morally bankrupt reporter who appears to be Nick's kindred spirit. Scene stealing is quite democratic with clever turns by Robert Duvall as the tobacco kingpin; William H. Macy as the unctuous, anti-tobacco senator from Vermont looking to put a skull-and-crossbones logo on all packs of cigarettes; J.K. Simmons as Nick's immoral boss BR; and a very funny Adam Brody as Megall's obnoxious assistant.   Beginning with the inventive artwork of the opening credits, the plot goes in unexpected directions, and while the ending is a bit soft, the overall movie more than satisfies. In fact, I doubt if I have laughed harder in a movie theater since last year's "The 40 Year-Old Virgin", but the smart, provocative barbs really make you think about the persistent hypocrisy of big business and government in refreshing ways that are not remotely disdainful to the audience. Even the comparatively soft-centered scenes of Nick with his son have a nice edge, and with his translucent blue eyes, Cameron Bright strikes the right, non-judgmental notes as Joey. Reitman seems fully capable of bringing an acidic flavor to the most Capra-esque situation. This one is highly recommended.     