 Tracking Stevie Wonder's monumental career can be as frustrating as it is fulfilling. His output has been phenomenal especially from 1972's "Music of My Mind" to 1976's expansive two-disc set, "Songs in the Key of Life", which I feel is still unprecedented for the sheer versatility, musical daring and memorable hooks he composed during his most prolific period. The releases in the last quarter century have been sparse and marginal in quality as albums like 1985's "In Square Circle" and 1987's "Characters" show more of a standard-issue R&B crooner - still more creative than 95% of his brethren but the youthful revolutionary was gone. To expect Wonder to return to the career-defining peak he had in the 1970's is unreasonable, which is why this new recording is refreshing if slightly disappointing as a hybrid of both Wonder personas.  Genius that he is, Wonder is also quite generous here giving us 78 minutes of music, and the disc certainly runs the gamut of his style catalog. The anthem-like urgency of "If Your Love Cannot Be Moved", a sharp duet with the wonderful gospel singer Kim Burrell, gets the disc jumping righteously at the start. Syrupy throwaway love ballads, typically recent Wonder output, show up in "Sweetest Somebody I Know" and "Can't Imagine Love Without You". A mellow, almost unrecognizable Wonder takes control of the slow calypso sway of the laid-back, unforced "Moon Blue" with a lengthy jazz piano interlude. "True Love" follows a similar pattern but less memorably. The almost too familiar-sounding "From the Bottom of My Heart" and "Tell Your Heart I Love You" bounce on Wonder's trademark harmonica line like mellower variations on "Isn't She Lovely?". Street talk dominates "Please Don't Hurt My Baby", which sounds like a standard, ghetto-flash update of "Boogie On Reggae Woman". Much better is "So What the Fuss", which manages an edginess the rest of the recording lacks with Wonder sounding street-smart gutsy and En Vogue providing slinky background vocals.  With a nice smoky vocal style that recalls early Whitney Houston, his daughter Aisha Morris provides a capable duet partner on the piano bar ballad, "How Will I Know" (not the 1985 Houston pop tune), which immediately brings to mind the sweeping "Ribbon in the Sky" from 1982's "Original Musiquarium I". The overlong "My Love Is on Fire" and the yearning "Shelter in the Rain" are generic mid-tempo filler. However, the lovely "Passionate Raindrops", has a great title, intricate lyrics and a breathy chorus that eventually swirls in old-fashioned strings recalling "Overjoyed" from "In Square Circle". The disc's best track has to be the vibrantly catchy "Positivity" with its twangy rhythm guitars, motor-mouth lyrics mentioning everything from the late Minnie Riperton to global solidarity and a jumpy, infectious "Yeah, yeah, yeah" chorus. It's as if Wonder stepped back thirty years to recapture his youth.  On the title track which closes the recording, India.Arie duets with him on the song's epic-length nine-plus minutes, which evolves into a world music festival mixing native instruments from developing nations, a dominant use of congas, hand claps, a spoken word rap into a bullhorn and even a phone's busy signal. It's Wonder at his most aurally inspired. His reputed perfectionism delayed release of this album for nearly a year, and the pressure was certainly on him given his last studio recording is a decade old. Wonder, however, is an indisputable musical genius, and the arrival of new music from him is cause enough for celebration even if some of us still await more songs in the key of life.     