 As we are mere hours away from the opening of the polls, it is appropriate to take a good, hard look at this concise, fast-paced documentary, which serves as a history lesson on our nation's most controversial election in 2000. No film will motivate you more to vote today, and one would hope that subsequent election reforms would ensure history would not repeat itself. Michael Moore covered this ground on a cursory albeit dramatically effective manner in the memorable beginning of his documentary, "Fahrenheit 9/11". Filmmakers Richard Ray Prez and Joan Sekler, however, delve much deeper into the morass that changed the course of our leadership.  This film is a powerful indictment of the current electoral process, as the disturbing picture that emerges is fraught with suspicious irregularities, electoral injustices, and sinister voter purges in a state governed by Jeb Bush, the winning candidate's brother. We learn Jeb Bush's motivation for misrepresenting the election results corresponds with his extreme unpopularity with blacks in his state. The Republican strategy was intended to suppress the democratic vote since 93% of African Americans are registered Democrats. The documentary also goes into voters improperly removed from the rolls, with a particular emphasis on the "Felon Purge List". In one of the more shocking moments, the film reveals that more than 175,000 ballots were uncounted by Florida's voting machines. No complete hand recount was ever conducted. From there, we get into the half-hearted attempts to recount votes in certain counties, which raised all sorts of still open-ended issues. Much of the film follows this process and ends with a look at reforms and concerns for the future, with an emphasis on controversies connected to touchscreen voting. The filmmakers disclose that only a year later, when a consortium of U.S. media organizations published results of an exhaustive examination of these unread ballots, that the conclusion was reached that Al Gore received more votes and would have been our 43rd President. Granted, Prez and Sekler have a tendency toward overstatement at times and some of the evidence presented is apocryphal, but the issues raised make this one of the most important films to watch in this or any election year. In fact, considering how close the 2004 race is at this moment, I would consider this essential viewing.     