 You have to hand it to Oprah for using her considerable influence to revive an old war-horse like Pearl Buck's "The Good Earth", required reading from my own high school days. But her intuition proves valid, as this is a novel worth rediscovering not only for its study of a time and place long forgotten but also for a value system that seems to sustain a significant part of itself in the Chinese culture today. Surprisingly, "The Good Earth" has a lot in common with more recent books like Alice Walker's "The Color Purple" and Arthur Golden's "Memoirs of a Geisha". All three novels capture the breadth of a particular culture by focusing on the life of one person immersed in it and through a long series of episodes, both affirming and degrading, showing how that culture shapes the eventual fate of that central character.  The daughter of missionaries based in China, author Pearl Buck focuses her novel on early 20th century China as it moves from a poor agrarian society to an increasingly more complex one on the threshold of major revolution. The focal point of this change is embodied through the protagonist, a Chinese farmer named Wang Lung, whose land is all by which he measures his own self-worth. This impermeable connection proves to be a double-edged sword throughout his life, as his evolution from proud hardworking peasant to decadent overlord proves to be disheartening. Buck has great credibility in capturing the simple raw imagery of this land and the people who inhabit it in spite of what others perceive to be an outsider's viewpoint. Her fluency in this culture is the book's major strength because she understands how critical it is for the reader to understand how essential land is to the characters and how ancient traditions have led to certain injustices that sacrifice people for the greater good of keeping the land. As a means to illustrate Wang Lung's conflicting needs for family devotion and carnal temptation, she effectively paints two conflicting images of women in Wang Lung's long-suffering slave-wife, O-lan, and his materialistic mistress, Lotus.  Major life barriers permeate this deceptively simple saga - poverty, blight, famine, infidelity, even female slavery. Yet Buck humanizes these broad issues through each major character's evolution and in the strength that sustains them through stark conditions that we would find inconceivable. Ironically what we see at the end of the story, probably as an indication of the revolution to come, is the sad disintegration of this man and his family as they become alienated from the land and the noble values it imparted. It's not a happy ending but in hindsight, it resonates as a realistic one. This book remains a deserved classic.  You may also want to check out the frayed-at-the-edges 1937 MGM adaptation, even though thirties standards forced the casting of obviously European actors, Paul Muni and Luise Rainer, in the leads. It is a typically self-important MGM movie from that period but nonetheless a surprisingly evocative one with some still amazing special effects such as the fury of a major locust attack.     