 California in the 1970's is ripe with possibilities for a comprehensive lifestyle novel, and author Martha Sherrill has done a fine job mining them with an adept skill at rich characterization and period detail. The ironic title is not an allegorical or geophysical description of the Golden State but  the name of the family at the center of this complex intergenerational, cross-cultural story. The novel opens in 1968 with the assassination of Robert Kennedy. From that galvanizing moment, the author traces the formative years of Inez Garcia Ruin, tracing her rather dysfunctional family relationships from grade school to college. Her divorced parents are a case study in socioeconomic opposites - her mother Consuelo is a beautiful half-Peruvian, half-Mexican ex-flamenco dancer living a modest middle-class existence in the suburbs of Los Angeles, while her father Paul is a womanizing, enterprising university professor living high, literally and figuratively, on expensive Telegraph Hill in San Francisco.  At the outset, Inez is just seven years old, and over the course of the story, she inhabits several distinct worlds, as she shuttles back and forth between her parents. Sherrill regales in the contrast of these worlds by providing us a shrewdly observant, meticulously described decade of cultural chasms between Northern and Southern California. The author has Inez spending art-oriented, bohemian weekends with her father, as well as English-style horse riding and tea partying with her grandmother Marguerite. Down south, Inez's life is more spartan and pale as her mother struggles to make ends meet and her grandmother Abuelita works as a housekeeper.  Sherrill methodically introduces us to a gallery of intriguing characters, for instance, her childhood best friend is a Mormon girl whose upbeat family provides a much-needed refuge until the teenaged Inez meets the drug-addled and sexually promiscuous Shelley, a girl who would like nothing more than to take her to bed. One of the most interesting characters is Whitman, Inez's half brother, who epitomizes Inez's ideal of regality, breeding and bohemianism.  It is obvious that the author favors the father's side for her richest writing and deepest characterizations seem to reside securely up north, but one of her great strengths as a writer is how she makes use of all these very disparate, racially diverse characters as metaphors for the microcosm California represents - now as well as 1970's. As the self-proclaimed "baton of a girl" is passed around and allowed to drift between disparate locales, Sherrill sketches a deeper, more uncompromising portrait of Inez as she grows up. There are several heartbreaking moments detailed, but there is a realistic sense of hope that makes the story feel less than nihilistic. By having Inez narrate her own story, Sherrill provides a vibrant portrayal of not only an adolescent in emotional transition but a state moving gradually from a hippie-oriented culture to one greeting the Reagan era with surprising openness.     