 Of the multitude of singers on William Bolcom's recent masterwork, "Songs of Innocence and of Experience (William Blake)", soprano Measha Breggergosman stood out with her impressive solo on "The Lamb", a challenging piece that called for preternatural leaps and runs which she performed with precision and passion. Astonishingly, she is only 26 years old, yet has the powerful voice of someone at least a decade older than her years especially with her full-bodied timbre and richness in color and texture. Breggergosman puts all of this on full display in this promising recital recording. Where her tender age does show at times is a certain lack of nuance in interpretation that can only come with experience, an undefinable quality that a Karita Mattila or a Rene Fleming has in spades. With this debut, the young soprano chooses to tackle Aaron Copland, Samuel Barber and George Gershwin, an odd trio at first glance but a true American triumvirate that somehow comes together through her searing commitment to the music. A critical part of the equation here is the expert accompaniment by the Manitoba Chamber Orchestra led by music director Roy Goodman. In fact, they perform Barber's "Serenade for Strings" beautifully as an instrumental intermission within the program.  The eight Copland pieces were orchestrated by the composer himself mostly in the 1960's, and his style is unmistakable in this paean to poet Emily Dickinson, with whom he obviously shared a passion for love, nature and self-realization. It is an idyllic marriage over which Breggergosman presides gorgeously with a strong sense of the dramatic possibilities therein. Following Leontyne Price's footsteps, she handles Barber's "Knoxville: Summer of 1915" with an articulate expressiveness that somehow misses the intentional spring breeze casualness of the piece but still packs an emotional wallop all the same.  The three Gershwin selections are lovely, though truth be told, they seem to belong on another album altogether. She handles the casual elegance of "Embraceable You" with aplomb without sacrificing her focused pitch, but oddly the song stops suddenly. "By Strauss" is given a full-blown Broadway-style treatment, which she sings with requisite lightness and a welcome sense of humor in perfect three-quarter time. Breggergosman is almost undone by the elaborate arrangement for "I've Got a Crush on You", and her articulate phrasing seems at odds with the casual, playful yearning of the original song. There is a bonus track in which she sings with roof-raising conviction an unaccompanied spiritual, "Were You There When They Crucified My Lord?", without sacrificing the purity of her voice. Hers will be a talent to watch and over time, I believe her interpretative skills will become just as impressive as her voice.     