 Just as he proved with last year's soundtrack for Walter Salles's "The Motorcycle Diaries", Argentinean composer Gustavo Santaolalla has a seemingly unerring gift for evoking the spirit of a movie without the convenience of the visual element. Director Ang Lee's film version of Annie Proulx's "Brokeback Mountain" is a splendid, deeply felt work, and the accompanying musical score contributes a great deal to the haunting atmosphere of the story. Acoustic guitar-strummed instrumentals alternate effectively with fresh performances of country-western songs, both old and new. The result is not a weepy replication of the story's sadly downbeat themes but a well-rounded compass for the evolution of the movie's plot.  The usual suspects are certainly included here as far as the performers go, but the pieces gain an unusually resonance within the context of the film's soundtrack. Willie Nelson does a heartbreaking take on Bob Dylan's "He Was a Friend of Mine", and Emmylou Harris sings one of Santaolalla's new compositions (with lyrics by Elton John's longtime partner, Bernie Taupin), a wondrously tender ballad called "A Love That Will Never Grow Old", with her trademark purity intact. Rufus Wainwright lends a plaintive, campfire ballad of his own with "The Maker Makes", and he partners effectively with Teddy Thompson on a leisurely cover of Roger Miller's classic, "King of the Road". Thompson solos on another Santaolalla-Taupin song, the sweet, "I Don't Want to Say Goodbye", and Mary McBride does a nice Patsy Cline-like turn on another slow-dance number by Santaolalla, "No One's Gonna Love You Like Me".  The pace quickens with Steve Earle's honky-tonk "The Devil's Right Hand", Jackie Green's two-stepper take on "I Will Never Let You Go", the Gas Band's uncanny impression of the Charlie Daniels Band on "An Angel Went Up in Flames", and perhaps the only throwaway track, Linda Ronstadt's overfamiliar 1974 cover of Buddy Holly's "It's So Easy". Breaking away from his Latin-based rhythms, Santaolalla proves to be a gifted, versatile composer, and even with stellar vocal performances, it is really his instrumental interludes that evoke the poignancy of the story the most. Until the DVD comes out, this CD will help you remember why the movie is so amazing. Read Proulx's short story. See Lee's movie. And then listen to Santaolalla's score. The combination is transcendent.     