 Although the most commercial period of his career seems to be made up of homages to old Hollywood genres ("The Last Picture Show", "Paper Moon"), director Peter Bogdanovich's loving 1972 ode to the screwball comedies of the 1930's still holds up surprisingly well after all these years. While it's an almost complete knock-off of Howard Hawks' 1938 classic, "Bringing Up Baby", the movie generates its own pleasures away from its inspiration starting with a tanned and youthful Barbra Streisand as Judy Maxwell, a pushy, resourceful girl who falls for a socially inept musicologist named Howard Bannister at a luxury hotel in San Francisco.  The movie basically follows the same pattern as "Baby" with the exasperating Judy in constant pursuit of the beleaguered Howard much to his concurrent mortification and excitement. The semblance of a plot has four identical plaid-patterned duffel bags, each containing different items of varying value. Judy carries one with her clothes, and Howard has one with a bunch of rocks, the basis of his groundbreaking theory which he hopes will help him win the prestigious Larrabee grant. The snooty Mrs. Von Hoskins has the same bag which carries her priceless jewels, and then the fourth has top secret U.S. government documents. You can figure out what happens from the silly set-up, but it does provide a nice excuse for some still-hilarious sight gags, such as the hotel fire, the fight and shoot-out at Larrabee's post-modern apartment and most impressively, an elaborate chase sequence through the streets of San Francisco.  Even though at thirty she is a mite mature to be playing a college drop-out, Streisand is in peak comedy form here, and she has an opportunity to sing a dazzling version of Cole Porter's "You're the Top" over the opening credits and at least the opening bars of a languorous "As Time Goes By" atop a conveniently placed piano. Still looking preppy and a bit dazed from "Love Story" afterglow, Ryan O'Neal is miscast as Howard, though he tries hard to evoke Cary Grant's David Huxley character from "Baby" and sometimes makes it though sheer will. Fortunately, there are three expertly hilarious scene-stealers in the supporting cast - Austin Pendleton as the lovably eccentric music patron Frederick Larrabee; Kenneth Mars using a faux-East European accent and a persistent cowlick to great comic effect as Howard's nemesis, Hugh Simon; and best of all with a glorious lack of vanity, Madeline Kahn in her feature film debut as Howard's persnickety, bouffant-wigged fiancee, Eunice Burns.  It all moves quickly within its brief, 94-minute running time, and the script by a stellar trio - Buck Henry, Robert Benton and David Newman - is chockfull of zingy one-liners. The 2003 DVD has an enthusiastic, informative Bogdanovich on an alternate commentary track, and separately, Streisand is even recruited for about 15 minutes of rather superficial, scene-specific commentary (it's obvious she has little emotional investment in the film now). There is also a behind-the-scenes short done at the time of filming and the original trailer. Great fun and worthy of a repeat viewing.     