 As any baby boomer knows, screen legend Cary Grant was the epitome of style and elegance throughout his thirty-plus-year acting career, yet he had a down-to-earth sensibility that endeared him to movie audiences unlike other continental types like Charles Boyer. Certainly not a scathing expose, this book takes an admiring look at the two sides of Grant, as he made the not-altogether-smooth transition from Cockney-born acrobat to Hollywood star. Although he seemed to maintain a permanent veneer of calm, he was quite a rule-breaking pioneer in his prime, on one hand, redefining what creative freedom meant in Hollywood by working outside the established studio system and then on the other hand, flaunting an 11-year, openly gay relationship with actor Randolph Scott. According to author Marc Eliot, such maverick tendencies did not sit well with him at times, as he felt the studios often conspired against him, robbing him of respect and a Best Actor Oscar, a lifelong obsession. Eliot provides an insightful glimpse into a man who never really thought he had talent and felt he held onto the coat tails of great directors like Alfred Hitchcock and George Cukor to sustain his career. What a shame since one look at any of his best movies shows not only great acting prowess but a matchless and timeless charisma to which today's leading men can only aspire.  On the private side, Grant's purported bisexuality you would think would make for titillating copy, but it is presented in quite a matter-of-fact way, as I'm sure Grant would have approved had he lived during a more liberal time. Moreover, his subsequent and multiple marriages seem far less interesting than his close friendship with Howard Hughes; his WWII spy work on his then-wife, Woolworth heiress Barbara Hutton; his experimentation with LSD in the fifties; and the happiness he found in fatherhood late in his life. But honestly, the best parts of the book relate to his amazing legacy of films, many but not all cherished classics. From "The Awful Truth" to "Bringing Up Baby" to "The Philadelphia Story" to "Notorious" to "North by Northwest", he was unavoidably sublime, and Eliot does a fine job recounting Grant's experiences in making all these movies. Almost as interesting is the list of films he reportedly turned down due to professional insecurity or excessive salary demands - "Roman Holiday", "Sabrina", "A Star Is Born", "Lolita", "My Fair Lady", to name a few classics. I will always remember Grant's touching modesty when he finally accepted an honorary Oscar in 1970 after a clever montage of clips that merely proved his greatness, an episode retold in the book. This is a treat for Hollywood cinemaphiles.     