 Having just read Senator John McCain's book, "Character Is Destiny: Inspiring Stories Every Young Person Should Know and Every Adult Should Remember", I can see how Salt Lake City billionaire philanthropist Jon Huntsman can get passionate about the same subject.  Both books contain the overriding message that there is nothing circumstantial when it comes to people who achieve greatness, that in fact, they achieve greatness as a result of their own character. Whereas McCain uses a diverse gallery of 34 real people as his examples, Huntsman looks more inward toward his own experiences to illustrate the same conclusions. In so doing, he offers a "moral compass" by which business leaders and others can live.  Huntsman reflects on his childhood in Blackfoot, Idaho, where his father imbued him with the ethical standards by which he runs his corporation. He contends that children raised without an emphasis on honesty and virtue will find their truth in evasions and loopholes. Because they get away with it, they grow up to employ the same feeble excuses in their business and professional lives when they are caught doing something we knew we shouldn't be doing. We rationalize that immoral behavior is accepted practice. Shifting responsibility away from ourselves has become an art form. Parental example, whether for good or bad, is undoubtedly the most powerful influence on a child's moral and social development, especially for those not exposed to other role models or a caring educational environment.  It's a compact book, 185 pages, and the ten chapters have titles that seem more appropriate for a Gail Sheehy self-help manual. However, the truths that he espouses have great value and show Huntsman to be someone who lives by his rules. In particular, on his chapter about the obligation to give back, he is not afraid to expose Richard Nixon as someone who did not epitomize character. As his White House special assistant and staff secretary, he saw that Nixon gave only $500 to charity on a declared income of over $400K in 1971. Whether "that pittance was more onerous than Watergate" is arguable, but at least the author infers a valid point about how Nixon's alleged lack of character marked his Presidency.  Today we see leaders who willfully cast off the moral and ethical values they had inherited given the opportunity for personal economic betterment. The dissemination of acquired ethical standards may be more gradual in some cases versus others, as ambitious entrepreneurs succumb to the unrelenting pressure and intensely competitive atmosphere of modern business. Regaining public trust in the private sector, according to Huntsman, is imperative through the execution of a number of key principles - operating businesses and organizations as if they are family-owned; surrounding oneself with associates who listen to their conscience and act accordingly; and of treating customers, colleagues, employees and competitors with respect. His other points are even more fundamental - set the example; revenge is unproductive; return favors and give back to help those less fortunate.  Huntsman has certainly achieved a lot in his life to justify authoring this book, becoming one of the nation's largest philanthropists and raising a son who was recently elected the governor of Utah. Still, I think McCain's more deflective approach of using historical figures as prototypes of powerful character provides somewhat more resonance than an autobiographical treatise. I also could have done without an afterword by FOX News Channel commentator Neil Cavuto or a quote of praise from Dick Cheney. Whether intentional or not, their politically controversial presence undermines Huntsman's invaluable perspective.     