 In a manner similar to then-Senator John F. Kennedy's "Profiles in Courage" in 1955, Senator John McCain (R-Arizona) has co-written, with his regular writing partner Mark Salter, a straightforward book about 34 historical figures, both famous and forgotten, all of whom followed their conscience against seemingly insurmountable odds to achieve their sense of truth and decency. Depending on your political affiliation, the publication seems either ironic given the declining level of trust for the current administration and its leader, or timely given McCain's own Presidential aspirations. Perhaps to escape such scrutiny, McCain and Salter have targeted their book to young adults who are otherwise ignored by such politicians except in polemics such as promising increased subsidies for higher education. This decision is admittedly crafty, but fortunately, the co-authors handle their history lesson in a non-condescending way that makes it constructive reading for readers of any age.  The overriding message they want to convey is that there is nothing circumstantial when it comes to people who achieve greatness, that in fact, they achieve greatness as a result of their own character. McCain's message of being responsible for one's own happiness resonates, and he modestly assesses himself as a work-in-progress in this regard. The book is rather arbitrarily organized into seven categories - honor, purpose, strength, understanding, judgment, creativity and love - under which he identifies individuals who represent key aspects of those criteria for greatness. The expected figures are included, legendary martyrs such as Joan of Arc (under "Honor" epitomizing authenticity), Thomas More (representing honesty) and Nelson Mandela (showing forgiveness in the "Understanding" section). Four US Presidents are included - Washington, Lincoln, Theodore Roosevelt, Eisenhower - though interestingly and probably intentionally, no Democrats are on their short list.  The real value of the book, however, is reacquainting, and in some cases, introducing readers to figures with far less renown for deeds of comparable courage, such as Aung San Suu Kyi for her non-violent resistance to the repressive military regime in Myanmar; Mother Antonia, who sacrificed a privileged lifestyle to work as a Catholic sister with prisoners in some of Mexico's worst prisons; and Oseola McCarty, a washerwoman who gave away her life savings to help students get into the University of Southern Mississippi. I even appreciate the inclusion of a more controversial selection such as Charles Darwin for his curiosity even though his theories about evolution are at odds with the religious right. McCain gets more personal by including under a section on faith, the Christian guard at Hua Lo Prison where he was otherwise tortured as a POW during the Vietnam War. It's a revelation that makes the list feel more personal even though no one would argue with most of the choices here. Whatever the political motivation, McCain and Salter have done us a favor by celebrating the human spirit through the courage of these 34 individuals.     