 Any excuse to hear Handel's dramatic Italianate music is fine by me, and countertenor Andreas Scholl has aptly chosen to tackle the repertoire of the great castrato Senesino as a means to showcase it as well as works by Alessandro Scarlatti and lesser known Baroque composers. Scholl displays his trademark vocal style on this recording - a smooth, velvety technique that sometimes supplants the dramatic for the ethereal. It's certainly a beautiful voice but one that lacks the requisite theatrical fire and theatrical fervor of his colleague David Daniels to cover the performances of Senesino with true conviction.  Unfortunately the program simply demands a more vivid expression of emotional catharsis than Scholl is willing to share here, and the problem is further compounded by the sheer familiarity of the pieces within the context of the highly charged stories within the operas. A good example of this gap is his version of Bertarido's character-defining lament from "Rodelinda", "Pompe vane di morte! ... Dove sei, amato bene, which sounds far more like an angelic hymn than the melancholy plea of a deposed king. The same lack of awareness for the dramatic text mars his relatively colorless performance of "Dall'ondoso periglio ... Aure, deh per pieta" from "Giulio Cesare" where one has little idea that his character is grieving perhaps prematurely over the loss of a loved one. However, Scholl brings more fire to his rendition of "Al lampo dell'armi" from the same opera. He is also more accomplished on Rinaldo's famous lament, "Cara sposa, amante cara, dove sei?", where the more unfettered romanticism seems more up his alley.  Surprisingly, there is more variety to be experienced with the non-Handel selections - a nice burst of energy on "Stelle ingrate" from Tomaso Albinoni's "Astarto"; a regal "Del ciel sui giri" from Scarlatti's "Carlo re a'Allemagna" with an extended introduction made stirring by the powerful combination of period horns and strings; and the closing track, a truly lovely version of Nicola Popora's "Va per le vene il sangue" from "Il trionfo di Camilla". My favorite of these is "Discordi pensieri" from Antonio Lotti's "Teofane", which seems to play to Scholl's primary strength in evoking lyrical moods rather than dramatic ones. With all the non-Handel selections, he seems less saddled with preconceptions of how the role should be played since the pieces are far less familiar to contemporary audiences.  Led by Ottavio Dantone, who plays the harpsichord with expert precision, the Accademia Bizantina perform the period instruments with genuine feeling, sometimes overwhelming the singer himself. Scholl is a top-rank vocal talent, and aside from the astounding Daniels, the only one who has the leverage to expand the countertenor repertoire. That's why the tinge of "Handel's Greatest Opera Hits" in this recording gives a sense of artistic compromise that highlights Scholl's still evolving abilities for dramatic interpretation. I also think he could have benefited from following soprano Sandrine Piau's example with her stunning "Handel Opera Seria" or mezzo-soprano Cecilia Bartoli's recent masterwork, the impressive "Opera Proibita". In expanding the horizons of Baroque music, both singers chose more obscure - though equally beautiful - selections whether from Handel or his brethren. Otherwise this is simply a performance exalting in its beauty but limited by its commercial sense and lacking the resonance to linger further in one's memory.     