 Author Patricia Schultz is absolutely right - "Serendipity really is the best travel guide". But for those who need a bit more guidance on where to take their flights of fantasy, this will do in a pinch. I really like the idea behind this book - that we all need to get out of our daily localized existences from time to time to discover how incredible the rest of the world can be. For a theme as large as that, Schultz does a fine job executing upon it - the book is predictably voluminous but well organized with useful indices at the end. The monumental, almost unwieldy scope will bring back childhood memories when you would spin the globe and see where your finger would land just to dream what that place would be like to visit. By no means should this be seen as the end-all travel book since there is generally less than a page for each entry, and the print can get quite miniscule. But it provides a valuable starter to those vacations you are thinking about, especially as she adds brief logistical information including when to go, especially important for many of the event-driven entries she includes here (e.g., Pushkar Camel Fair in India, Kentucky Derby, Day of the Dead in Mexico).  There is no way Schultz could please everyone with her choices. I have been fortunate to have visited many of the sights she lists in the book, and of course as a traveler, I wonder why she would leave out equally amazing sights such as Ranakpur and Fatehpur Sikri in India or the Monteverde Cloud Forest in Costa Rica. But one could quibble endlessly on why she highlighted certain places and events and not others.  Personally, I'm excited she has specific entries for Angkor Wat, Cappadocia in Turkey and even Superdawg in Chicago, though the great places to eat would require yet another 1,000 entries if you ask me - perhaps as a sequel? She does cheat a bit by consolidating the various sights in major cities such as Paris and London into top-ten aggregate entries, though oddly, major cities like Tokyo and Bangkok do not get the same treatment. Completely forgivable. This is a book to keep, dog-ear and share with your friends.     