 As a history lesson on the American wartime mindset during World War II, this is an intriguing book that may ultimately make you feel conflicted. The story ostensibly focuses on nine American pilots shot down over the remote island of Chichi Jima. One pilot was George H. W. Bush, the future 41st President of the United States, who was rescued by a submarine. The other eight were captured by the Japanese, and disappeared. A military inquiry after the war was labeled top secret and sealed the story of the fate of these men from even their families. With painstaking research, author James Bradley has uncovered the truth behind what happened to these men. Even Bush didn't know the details of the fates of his fellow fliers, and post-war politics prevented the revelations presented here of wartime atrocities that befell the eight men on Chichi Jima.   Bradley uses this story to paint a broader canvas of how the Americans and Japanese viewed war very differently. The key difference was that Americans had a will to live and that the Japanese, true kamikazes in their souls, had a will to die. Their "spirit warrior" leaders bent their soldiers to their monomaniacal will and sent them off on a course that would ensure its fulfillment. These disclosures are vital to share now, but just as compelling is how the author presents the historic hypocrisy on the U.S. side, specifically how subjugating other peoples was ingrained in the American psyche and how imperialism was felt justified only for the U.S. While the Japanese occupation of Manchuria reflected horrendously barbaric acts, no less destructive was the air power demonstrated by the Americans. In one March 1945 firebomb attack on Tokyo alone, nearly 100,000 Japanese died, surpassing the death toll from the nuclear-bomb attack on Nagasaki. If anything, Bradley makes the reader understand how gray things truly were and why events happened the way they did between the United States and Japan. It is this thoughtful, fearless examination of the gray zone that makes this essential reading on a defining passage in our history.     