 It's been almost twenty years since I last saw this 1985 movie, but it remains Albert Brooks' funniest and most scathing in its view of the pretensions of yuppie America in the mid-1980's. In a screenplay co-written with Monica Johnson, Brooks portrays David Howard, an over-the-top ambitious, Type-A creative director at a big advertising agency in LA. Upon being bypassed for a big promotion in a hilariously biting scene, he decides to shuck it all, including a new expensive home he just bought, and convince his wife Linda to join him on a cross-country journey to "touch Indians" in a bid to capture an "Easy Rider"-type escape fantasy. In typically insulated fashion, Brooks cannot let go of all his materialistic tendencies, as he decides to do it in an oversized Winnebago with all the amenities and a nest egg of $150K. What he doesn't realize is that Linda was feeling even more trapped by their possession-oriented lifestyle and in a night of cathartic release, loses almost all their money at the roulette table at the Desert Inn in Las Vegas.  How David and Linda deal with their sudden downward mobility provides the film's funniest moments: David's ad-man pitch to the Desert Inn casino owner (played with amiably controlled ferocity by director Garry Marshall) to get his money back; interviews with a baffled drug store owner and an equally baffled unemployment counselor in the small Arizona town where they park their mobile home; David humiliated, angry and envious as a school crossing guard; and the teen-aged Der Wienerschnitzel manager praising Linda to David on her detection of frozen French fries in the deep fryer. Some of the dialogue is priceless, especially when David explains to Linda how she can never utter the words "nest" and "egg" ever again. Brooks also inserts hilarious catchphrases like "Mercedes leather" and "a hundred thousand dollars!" with comic precision. My favorite line is David's self-description to the casino boss..."I'm a high-paid advertising consultant. These are professional opinions you're getting."  As an actor, Brooks' persona is as acerbic as ever and luckily doesn't have the somewhat gooey softening that came later with "Defending Your Life" and "Mother". Still fresh off her hilarious "Airplane" movies, Julie Hagerty plays Linda with that same wonderful sense of bewilderment that fits her character here, especially in the face of David's post-Vegas meltdown at Hoover Dam as she is pressured to be the voice of reason. The one problem I have with the movie - and it's a rather significant one - is that it stops rather abruptly with the couple hauling their Winnebago to New York where he is literally chasing the job he felt was beneath him before. It just feels like there is some personal revelation missing, and instead, Brooks went for an extended sight gag. That's too bad because Brooks the filmmaker manages the difficult feat of having us empathize with this couple misdirected by ideals they never really had and expectations of themselves that were unrealistic given their value system. By the way, this also happens to be Brooks' most cinematic movie with wonderfully composed shots, especially of the mobile home traveling through the breathtaking southwest. Smart, riotous fun.     