 Business books that espouse common sense may seem to provide the least added value, but author Alfred Marcus lends an impressive scope of data to support the findings he presents in this eminently readable tome. From over one thousand companies surveyed, Marcus - a professor of strategic management and technological leadership at the University of Minnesota - looked at the top three percent and chose to examine nine companies in depth here. Each outperformed their specific industry's average market performance for the period between 1992 and 2002, but ironically none are hugely known brands outside their local markets. The companies are Amphenol, SPX, Fiserv, Dreyer's, Forest Labs, Ball, Brown and Brown, Family Dollar, and Activision. Most of the findings are quite revelatory, for example, the decision Dreyer's made to expand its distribution capabilities within the ice cream industry, a direction that a larger competitor like ConAgra could not easily duplicate.  The individual company profiles are illuminating, but where the book excels is the deeper discussion of what Marcus sees as the four success factors that are at the foundation of these companies. He asserts that of paramount importance is a well-executed niche strategy that balances the other three factors - agility, discipline and focus. They are buzzwords, for sure, but they resonate in his doctrine here. Marcus explains how agility has brought successful companies to market positions that offered unique opportunities.  Responding quickly to threats and opportunities is easier said than done but a necessity in today's economy. There will be misses as well as hits as companies need to diversify their product lines to avoid an overdependence on the tried and true. Once established, then the successful companies showed the discipline to help protect the value propositions they provide. This includes not only developing cost effectiveness programs and controlling distribution but also creating a special culture to get employees involved. And finally, focus makes it possible for them to fully exploit these positions, and a global strategy becomes imperative as a result.   The key to lasting success is addressing all four factors, according to Marcus, not just one, and in particular, it is the first strategy - not the individual circumstances - that differentiates the winners from the losers. The poor performance of failing companies is the direct result of many bad attributes, which evolves into a pattern of disadvantage resting on poorly defined market niches sustained by rigidity, ineptness, and diffuseness. Marcus focuses on ten companies that keep losing - LSI Logic, Snap-On, Panametric Technology, Campbell Soup, IMC Global, Goodyear, Safeco, The Gap and Hasbro. Obviously, some are well-established brands that have grown stale from their limited perspectives.  There are some fascinating insights into their failing patterns, for example, the high risk that the Gap places on keeping up with changing fashions, Goodyear's decision to distribute their tires primarily through discount chains versus the multitude of automotive dealers, Hasbro's inability to accommodate major retailers. Inevitably, losing companies grow stale or migrate to positions that are ultimately indefensible and duplicable, and they become rigid about not abandoning what they mistakenly consider their sweet spots. Consequently, Marcus shows in organized fashion how they became inept in defending, protecting and exploiting them. Even though he tends toward oversimplification on solutions, he provides an invaluable guide for managers and entrepreneurs, who think running a successful company is an intuitive exercise based on pure luck.     