 What a treat that this wacky 1938 screwball classic has finally come to DVD in pristine condition. Director Howard Hawks, a master of this genre as well as many others, guided this maddeningly incoherent and hilariously clever film, and he catches Cary Grant and Katharine Hepburn at their zenith in buoyant comic energy and youthful vigor. Amazingly this was Hepburn's first real foray into farcical comedy, and she already seems like a master as she makes her exasperating character Susan Vance the definitive madcap heiress. She seems to be cross-channeling the pratfall wackiness of Lucille Ball with the Fifth Avenue glamour of Carole Lombard and filtering it all through her braying, haughty New England manner. It's a blazing performance that fits ideally within her dominating personality. Grant is her match as David Huxley, the befuddled, bespectacled paleontologist, who aptly describes his inadvertent relationship with Susan as "a series of misadventures from beginning to end". Together, they keep up with the breathless pace Hawks sets with a hair-brained plot involving an elusive research grant, a pet leopard that can only be soothed by one song ("I Can't Give You Anything But Love, Baby"), a mischievous dog with a yen for a missing intercostal clavicle (i.e., a dinosaur bone) and a gallery of comic character actors who make the mistake of trying to make sense of all the shenanigans. The veteran supporting cast is incomparably stellar, in particular, May Robson as no-nonsense Aunt Elizabeth, Charlie Ruggles as the likeably pompous Major Horace Applegate and Walter Catlett as the perennially confused Constable Slocum.  What saves this piece of sheer lunacy from going permanently airborne is the crack timing of the comedy, the increasing sense of disaster with every scene and the inevitable romance between the two leads. The movie is filled with wonderful sight gags topped off by a collapsing dinosaur skeleton, and the sharp script (written by Dudley Nichols and Hagar Wilde) has an abundance of clever lines and witty asides. In fact, much of the film's sensibility seems far ahead of its time with its contemporary treatment of sex role reversals, psychiatry and marriage, even using the term "gay" in a most appropriate context. It's a film that defies common sense, but its manic sense of absurdity and humiliation gives the movie its lasting appeal.  Director Peter Bogdanovich, who paid tribute to this film with his partial remake, "What's Up, Doc?", provides insightful commentary on an alternate track.  The second DVD contains two interesting documentaries, one on Grant, the other on Hawks. A must-see classic.     