 Gravelly and more emotionally resonant than ever, Bruce Springsteen never seems irrelevant, even though his songwriting and performing style have not changed much since I first heard him on his 1973 debut, "Greetings from Asbury Park". It's this consistency in form, his instinctive use of narrative about tortured souls, that makes each new album a much-anticipated event, and the latest is no exception. He creates and sustains a subdued atmosphere of rural despair and measured hope throughout the dozen songs here, each one evocative of particular people and situations Springsteen has chosen to describe with masterfully descriptive brushstrokes. Playing with a small ensemble instead of his E Street Band, the overall effect is more intimate and driven by the spare, acoustic sounds of Springsteen's guitar and heartfelt vocals.  The title track is a soldier's letter home from what is obviously the Iraqi conflict and how his soul is challenged by its brutality. In "All the Way Home", Springsteen is back on home turf with an up-tempo song about a lonely single guy hoping for a last dance before the bar closes. The slow, moody "Reno" has an insinuating melody that builds on top of a straightforward account of a sexual encounter with a matter-of-fact prostitute. "Leah" makes effective use of Mark Pender's trumpet in a story of redemption to recapture the love he felt before. The nicest ballad is "Silver Palomino", in which a son recalls his mother's death in a summer drought, and Springsteen exhibits unfettered romantic yearning with his harmonica and a falsetto voice on "All I'm Thinkin' About". The best tracks, in my opinion, are "The Hitter" about a fallen boxer confessing to his mother about his corrupt past of fixed matches and sheer brutality for show; and the closing track, "Matamoros Banks", which follows an immigrant's fatalistic crossing of the Rio Grande.  The DualDisc package contains all the songs in standard audio format on the CD side of the disc. On the other side is the full recording in Dolby Digital Surround Side plus a sepia-tinted, shadowy video performance of Springsteen performing five of the songs in an effectively acoustic fashion and explaining what each means to him. A revealing recording and yet another milestone for the Boss.     