 It's great to see such a sparkling product of the luxuriant hand-drawn animation that the Disney studios offered in the 1950's. Such artistry has been bypassed by the impersonal cleanliness provided by state-of-the-art CGI technology, but the trademark Disney warmth seems to emanate most from the combination of stop-motion techniques and a rich color palette as displayed here. As far as plots and characters go, 1955's "Lady and the Tramp" is not the best of the Disney canon since "Bambi" and "Dumbo" have more heart and "101 Dalmatians" more savvy and humor. However, on its own, the 76-minute movie contains a great deal of charm that is hard to resist even if you are not a pre-schooler.  Set in the Midwest at the turn of the last century, the story unwraps slowly and focuses squarely on Lady, a young couple's pampered cocker spaniel who later feels usurped by a new baby. Things get worse when the couple asks dog-hating Aunt Sarah, with her Siamese cats in tow, to baby sit during an extended trip. Feeling unwanted, Lady ventures out and meets a scruffy, bon vivant mongrel who shows her the world - including a stop in the back alley of his favorite Italian restaurant where to the strains of "Bella Notte", they famously kiss over a dangling spaghetti noodle. Elements of suspense and drama are introduced with an aggressive dog catcher and a motley, rather international lot of strays at a dilapidated pound.  The movie is so lovingly executed by Disney stalwarts Clyde Geronimi, Wilfred Jackson, and Hamilton Luske that it would be almost sacrilegious to knock. But truth be told, the pacing is a tad too leisurely, and the potential opportunities for Cruella De Vil-level villainy presented by Aunt Sarah, her cats and the dog catcher are not realized. What is left is a sweet, soft-centered love story with a comic gallery of supporting dogs and a smattering of songs by Peggy Lee and Sonny Burke, the two most memorable being Peg's saucy 4-1-1 to Lady, "He's a Tramp", and "The Siamese Cat Song" performed with a seething, politically incorrect WWII propaganda-style hiss. It's far more entertaining than offensive.  The 2006 two-disc DVD package celebrating the 50th anniversary of the movie's original release date is chockfull of extras, many of them aimed squarely at children including a trivia game, a dog personality quiz and a brief primer on dog breeds narrated by comic actor Fred Willard. The most interesting extra is a seven-chapter, 52-minute documentary, "Lady's Pedigree: The Making of Lady and the Tramp", which goes in-depth into the movie's creation. There are two other featurettes of note, one covering the storyboard creation process behind Lady and the other more intriguing, a 1943 storyboard version of the movie completely different from the final product. This film is still essential viewing for classic Disney animation aficionados.     