 Although this 2005 movie suffers from its deliberately glacial pacing, I like many of the quirky touches and much of the genuine poignancy that director Anand Tucker and screenwriter Steve Martin bring to their adaptation of Martin's 2000 novella. Set in an immaculate LA that looks slightly surreal thanks to Peter Suschitzky's luxuriant cinematography and William Arnold's color-coordinated production design, the threadbare story centers on the preciously-named Mirabelle Buttersfield, a Saks sales clerk leading a mundane existence as she leisurely pursues her art on the side. At the laundromat, she meets a socially inept hyper-geek of an amplifier salesman named Jeremy Kraft. They date, but unluckily for him, he suddenly becomes a roadie for a rock band and leaves LA for several weeks. Enter Ray Porter, an erudite dot-com millionaire who is looking for a no-strings-attached relationship with Mirabelle and plies her with fancy dinners and expensive gifts. Despite the obvious age difference - which the movie thankfully does not belabor - she is swept away. All three characters experience some amount of heartache and gain some wisdom along the way toward the inevitable resolution.  Martin is an obviously sharp and observant writer, but his dialogue, while clever at times, can also get a little too glib. Interestingly, the non-verbal moments work the best in the film, especially the ones that reflect the inner turmoil of the characters. As Ray, Martin provides himself with a character that suits his non-manic off-screen persona well, and it is his most subtle work since David Mamet's 1997 "The Spanish Prisoner". The problem is that he is probably a decade too old for the role, exacerbated by his romantic scenes with Claire Danes. As Mirabelle, she lends her unique combination of gawky intelligence and offbeat beauty to strong effect, even though the emotional naivete of her character is a bit much at times. Jason Schwartzman gives the film's best performance in the challenging role of Jeremy, managing the balance between repellant and empathetic and fueling the film with much of its energy.  There are a few missteps, none fatal - the contrived scene alternating between Ray and Mirabelle speaking to others about their relationship (a rip-off of the "Annie Hall" split screen psychiatrist scene); Mirabelle's Bergmanesque visit with her stoic parents; and the low comedy provided by Saks perfume salesgirl Lisa, a blonde vixen (played with appropriate cynicism by Bridgette Wilson-Sampras) out to snare Jeremy, whom she thinks is Ray. The DVD is light on extras, though Tucker provides ebullient commentary on an audio track. I only wish Martin participated since he wrote, produced and starred in the movie. There is a standard, twenty-minute making-of featurette with the cast and crew commenting on the production. Two deleted scenes are also included, but neither is critical and most certainly would have provided further drag to a film that already moves a bit too slowly.     