 I have to admit I was a bit worried that these eight short stories about women may be too oriented toward the female perspective for me to appreciate fully. I am happy to report I was quite mistaken, as author Alice Munro is a gifted writer whose multi-layered writing style can be enjoyed by anyone. And the short story format suits her very well, as she tells amazing stories precisely but without making any compromise in character development or storyline.  In the title story, the author describes a young woman's attempt to leave her husband. Things have gone bad for the couple, compounded by the disappearance of their pet goat, Flora, has disappeared. The centerpiece of the collection is a triptych of stories about a woman named Juliet - "Chance", "Soon" and "Silence" - and her relationship with her mother and later with her daughter. "Chance" takes place in the 1960's and finds Juliet on a train as she unexpectedly discovers love. At the same time, Munro accurately shows Juliet's inner conflict as she hungers for a college education at a time when such notions for opportunity were ridiculed. "Soon" shows her as a young mother who goes to reconcile with her own parents and her ideas of faith. "Silence" picks up Juliet's story when she is an older woman estranged from her daughter and wondering what became of her life. The unexpected ending is haunting.  The remaining stories highlight aspects of youth both from a young girl's mindset and from the hindsight of an older woman. The best story is perhaps the last, "Powers", which is divided into titled sections. The first section begins in 1927. The last section, dating in the 1970s, describes a dream of the protagonist. In the dream, Munro writes that the past "begins to crumble behind her, to crumble and darken tenderly into something like soot and soft ash." It is this kind of observation that makes the author truly exceptional. She has written a lovely necklace of tales that illuminate human motive and behavior with piercing insight. Munro is a master of the small moment and how each one expands into revelations for which neither her characters nor we ever seem to be prepared. Highly recommended for both genders.     