 Nearing seventy, Robert Redford has nary a trace of his golden boy aura as he submerges convincingly into the bitter curmudgeon he plays in this well meaning but lugubrious 2005 soap opera set in modern-day Wyoming. As aging rancher Einar Gilkyson, he brings a nice grizzled quality to a role that plays well to his screen legacy, but given his renowned love of Utah and the number of frontiersmen he has played in his career ("Jeremiah Johnson", "The Electric Horseman", "The Horse Whisperer"), his performance fails to surprise for the most part. In fact, predictability appears to be a pervasive problem throughout the well-trodden material co-written by Mark Spragg (based on his book) and Virginia Korus Spragg. The other significant problem is the lethargic pacing provided by director Lasse Hallstrom to give the subject matter a greater sense of self-importance. Neither factor completely torpedoes the movie, but it certainly adds to the burden of absorbing the drama presented.  The familiar plot focuses on the unexpected arrival of Einar's daughter-in-law Jean at his ranch with her eleven year-old daughter Griff in tow. Jean is escaping an abusive relationship with an obsessed live-in boyfriend. The film's primary conflict comes from the fact that Einar resents Jean for what he sees as her culpability in his son's car accident death over a decade earlier. Meanwhile, Einar takes care of lifelong friend Mitch, who has been mauled by a bear and now lives in relative isolation in an adjacent cabin. As a rather unsubtle metaphor, the fearsome bear (played by Bart II) represents the seemingly insurmountable barriers the characters face which prevent them from moving on with their lives. We can see where all the plot developments are heading from the outset, and the story is structured in a domino-like fashion that peels layers away from characters while solving their problems in quick succession.  Fortunately, a fine cast has been assembled to support Redford starting with the redoubtable Morgan Freeman as Mitch. However, as with Redford, an overt sense of familiarity marks his performance as well, as he again plays the sturdy, philosophical sidekick like he did in "The Shawshank Redemption" and "Million Dollar Baby". More focused than she has been recently in films, Jennifer Lopez does solid work as Jean, probably her best performance since Steven Soderbergh's 1998 "Out of Sight", but it is a very similar role to the battered wife she played in 2002's "Enough". Josh Lucas is wasted in the passive role of the local sheriff, and Damian Lewis and Camryn Manheim seem only to serve as convenient plot devices as Jean's white-trash boyfriend and the supportive cafe owner respectively. Becca Gardner is the one pleasant surprise as she plays Griff in a blessedly unaffected manner.  For all its faults, including a way too pat ending, the film has moments of genuine poignancy and light humor that keep it from falling completely to the wayside. It also helps that Oliver Stapleton's cinematography captures the beautiful Wyoming vistas quite nicely. The DVD extras are pretty basic. There is an insightful audio commentary track by Hallstrom, producer Leslie Holleran, and editor Andrew Mondshein (though no one from the cast), which actually does help one appreciate the overriding themes more than simply viewing the movie. Two brief featurettes are also included - the standard making-of short with snippets of interviews with the filmmakers and the principal cast and another one focused on the training of the relatively docile Bart II to look menacing for the film.     