 In a series of erudite essays, author Alain de Botton recognizes travel to be more than the act of physically transporting oneself to another place. The travel industry is quick to tell us where to go but not how and why. It should be cathartic and emotionally fulfilling, yet many feel that once they arrive at their destinations, that the pleasures of travel takes care of itself at that point. For example, the author shares in one essay how he found himself in Madrid for the first time and admitted to the paralyzing fact that he cannot bring himself to go alone to a restaurant. His solution is to eat a packet of crisps from the hotel mini-bar. On the following day, instead of exploring Madrid, he lies in bed dreaming of his flight home. Moreover, when he decides to enjoy the sights, he decides to take a tour bus to avoid doing any research on his own.  His anecdotes raise good questions about the true art of travel - that we should not be tyrannized by guidebooks, hypnotized to see great sights no matter how personally dull, nor hamstrung by souvenir purchases as disposable reminders of exotic locales. What de Botton does particularly well is give voice and meaning to the multitude of epiphanies brought about by his own voyaging and mixing his own experiences with observations made by the great artists and writers. The author points out, for example, how we can learn the poetry of train journeys, gas stations and half-empty cafs from Hopper and from Wordsworth, we can certainly improve our appreciation of landscape. De Botton's writing flourishes when he describes the detail of images, even if his insatiable desire for revelation can get a bit wearing and trite. For example, he can look at the particular font and color in the signage at Schipol airport and see a certain level of exotica which lends insight into the culture and history of the Netherlands.  Interestingly, for all the minutiae presented, the author omits one of travel's most fulfilling aspects, people. There is much to be learned from the locals, perhaps over a drink at a cocktail bar, but this seems to be more burdensome for the author than he feels it is worth. Apart from his solitary mode of travel, the problem lies in the diversity of his subject. We all travel for different reasons, whether it be relaxation, work, adventure or self-fulfillment. He doesn't really acknowledge what motivates certain journeys for some people. Regardless, de Botton knows the fundamental fact that the pleasure we derive from travel is more dependent on one's mindset from the outset rather than the destination to which we travel. Finding the rewards from travel, no matter how much closer the world has gotten to our doorsteps, is as difficult as ever and just as rewarding.     