 I had no idea the editors of the Lonely Planet guides would have such an extensive library of National Geographic-quality photographs. After all, like other travelers, I am used to the miniscule text and overabundant data of their inevitably tattered handbooks. But this oversized coffee table book is nothing you can carry with you too easily, nor would you want to as this is not a comprehensive reference source for global travel. It's merely a staggering feast for the eyes.   The stunning images in this wonderful book provide a potent reminder of what a diverse place the world is, as it covers each of the 230 countries existing today in visually enticing two-page entries. The text for each country is minimal but creative within the following standard sections: --"Best Time to Visit" - Not only time of year but in some cases, when in history was the best time to be there. --"Essential Experiences" - A bulleted list of the top five to eight things to do in that country. --"Getting Under the Skin" - What to read, listen, watch, eat and drink in each country...what happened to "smell"? --"In a Word" - The one word or expression in the country's native tongue that epitomizes its spirit. --"Trademarks" - What you immediately think of when someone brings up the name of the country. --"Surprises" - ...which really amounts to some interesting trivia and arguable observations, e.g., under the entry for the United States - "New Yorkers love to help strangers."  Your enjoyment of this comprehensive approach will depend on what your degree of wanderlust is. Since mine is quite high, I love poring through the book to get a visual sense of each country's identity. Unless you are a geography addict, you will be surprised that many of these countries even exist. It's also intriguing to see the entries for current hotspots like Iraq and North Korea where their political turmoil is mentioned but contrasted with some unexpectedly vivid photos. Note the surcharge for delivery above as this is indeed a big book, over eight pounds. Say, isn't that the weight of the human head according to the little boy in "Jerry Maguire"? I wonder if that's a coincidence.     