 This has to be one of the most definitive books on political spin, which is indeed a sad development in the history of mass communication but one that requires the timely scrutiny provided here. As recipients of such misinformation, we the readers seem to experience a level of media manipulation that goes from bad to worse with each passing administration. Apparently, Bush and his handlers have elevated spin, or perhaps more accurately, demoralized it into a subversive art form. This fascinating book by the editors of the nonpartisan Web site, www.spinsanity.org, unmasks the tactics of deception that Bush has used to sell his agenda to the American people. In fact, Bush and his handlers have become such experts at half-truths and strategically ambiguous language that a parade of politicians and journalists have written a library of books trying to expose the truth but with their own varying degrees of effectiveness in telling their own truth. The most prominent are Maureen Dowd's "Bushworld: Enter at Your Own Risk", and of course, Michael Moore's "Fahrenheit 9/11". However, the most relevant complement to "All the President's Spin" is actually John Sperling's "The Great Divide: Retro Vs. Metro America", which explains how the Democratic Party is in need of sharpening their marketing plans to counteract the Bush administration. Both books verify what masters the Bush administration have become in using unprecedented marketing and public relations techniques to package and sell their policies and themselves to voters rather than serving them.  Twisting and distorting the facts is nothing new for those of us who lived through LBJ's patriotic justifications for the Vietnam War and Nixon's covert explanations about Watergate. What has become the greater issue now is why Bush's record of policy deception seems to escape accountability, and the authors vividly demonstrate the threat these spin tactics pose to honest political debate. It is no longer a matter of flat-out lies but a more complex web of deceit. The Bush administration is expert at "unrepresentative examples", which means they will assert one broad group will benefit from a certain Bush policy when in reality, a much smaller group will. For example, the term "tax families" was supposed to refer to all middle-class beneficiaries of Bush's tax-cuts-for-the-rich, but in reality, after all the stringent requirements were met, it turned out that only 15% of Americans in that income bracket were eligible for the tax amount advertised. The other 85% received little if any amount in tax cuts - and in aggregate, Al Gore's tax cut plan would have meant a greater relative benefit. Yet this discrepancy was never disclosed clearly to the voters. Bush's most effective spin tactic is apparently to make statements that are technically true but laced with false impressions as to what was implied. The key example is whenever Bush speaks of Iraq as a "gathering and growing threat" with "evidence" of chemical and biological weapons, which created the impression that Iraq was an imminent threat. But when confronted with this statement, Bush would backtrack by asserting that he never used the words "imminent threat". The authors of the book call it a "strategic use of language". That is putting it kindly.  The press does not escape the book unscathed. The authors take them to task for putting sensationalism over substance, for creating stereotypes of political leaders in order to help engage readers. If you follow the line of thinking in both this book and Sperling's, both major parties are now engaged in a major marketing war, and for reasons unclear, the mainstream media isn't going to help sort it out for us. Read "All the President's Spin" and Sperling's "The Great Divide: Retro Vs. Metro America" if you want a better understanding of what amounts to spin and how to discern the truth. Unfortunately, the alternative is to leave oneself vulnerable to the constant spin this campaign season, as it has become standard practice and a sad deterioration of our democratic principles. Essential reading before you vote this November.     