 There is an odd idiosyncratic appeal to this movie, but it's really not enough to warrant a recommendation from me. The concept is certainly original as the story follows Albert Markovski, an angry, questioning environmental activist as he tries to piece together a strange series of coincidental run-ins with a tall African man with the help of a couple of oddball "existential" detectives. That's only the beginning, as the detectives get involved with the huge department store chain, Huckabees, which has agreed to sponsor Albert's green-friendly program to prevent construction of a store on a marshland. This type of movie requires Woody Allen's perspective on nihilism combined with Alexander Payne's humanistic sensibilities. Unfortunately director/writer David O. Russell lets his ambition get the best of him, and he has made a movie that wants to be intellectual and funny but ends up being neither.  It's a shame because he has assembled a star-studded cast of capable actors, but in a certain way, their presence only compounds the problem since their contributions look so disjointed in what amounts to a convoluted story of self-discovery. The more central problem is that Albert, as played with enervating surliness by Jason Schwartzman, is not really a sympathetic protagonist, so the eccentric characters surrounding him do not really have anything that distinct with whom to bounce their extreme behavior. As the mind-bending duo Vivian and Bernard, Lily Tomlin and Dustin Hoffman (with an unflattering Emo Philips haircut) are as comically delightful as the script allows them to be, as they snoop to find the greater meaning of Albert's situation and spout their banal universe-is-a-blanket philosophy without irony. Their nemesis is Caterine Vauban, played with awkward remoteness by revered French actress Isabelle Huppert, who really doesn't seem like she knows what she's saying.  Caught between the adversarial philosophies is not only Albert but also Tommy Corn, an oil-hating, post-9/11-traumatized firefighter who sides with Vauban's belief that everything is meaningless; Brad Stand, the corporate climber who caves into his own shallowness; and Dawn Campbell, the Huckabees model spokesperson inevitably coupled with Brad but finding her own inner self as an Amish handmaiden complete with bonnet, overalls and dirty teeth. Mark Wahlberg plays Tommy in his familiar roughhewn manner; Jude Law struggles with a non-descript American accent as he convincingly plays the conniving golden boy Brad gone to seed; and Naomi Watts makes Dawn as air-headed and unfulfilled as her character proves to be.  These characters have a meltdown in one form or another, and that's about the only connective theme in the plot. Otherwise there is really no conclusion to derive from the shenanigans Russell has set up here and consequently no emotional pay-off. There are some interesting cameo appearances in the film - the still-great looking Tippi Hedren as the head of the effort to save the marsh; Talia Shire (Schwartzman's real mother) as Albert's cold-fish mother; Jean Smart as a religious zealot mother who has "adopted" the African that Albert has been tracing; and even country superstar Shania Twain, the subject of Brad's ongoing schmooze story about the perils of eating chicken salad.  There is a lot of smart dialogue here, but it sputters by so fast and without apparent purpose that I couldn't appreciate most of it. But what the movie lacks the most is the heart in its title as Russell seems carried away by his cleverness and his thwarted attempts to concoct a cerebral screwball farce. Nice try but it doesn't work. The single edition DVD has audio commentary by Russell, as well as some contributions form Schwartzman, Wahlberg and Watts. While it helps to hear Russell's point in creating scenes and reinforcing the messages he is trying to convey here on existentialism, it's also a chore to make such connections as you're watching the movie. It certainly didn't interest me in getting the second disc of the special edition package.     