 This is a spectacular recording of an opera that has been given scant attention in the studio except by Cecilia Bartoli in her 1999 Vivaldi Album with her rendition of "Anch'il mar par che sommerga". Aside from Vivaldi aficionados, the 2  hour opera tends to live in the shadow of Handel's masterful "Tamerlano", which tells the same story with even more dramatic arcs, and comparisons are inevitable. Vivaldi's work, however, is a "pasticcio", in which he composed all of Bajazet's arias but let other Neapolitan composers write most of everybody else's. The result is a series of wondrous arias that may sometimes over-accommodate the melodramatic storyline, but ironically it brings out the best in the world-class singers included here. In fact, I was so excited by the cast that I had ordered this disc directly from Amazon's subsidiary in France to take advantage of the month-earlier release date there.  The plot focuses on a psychological tug-of-war between Bajazet, the vanquished Ottoman sultan, and Tamerlano, the ego-driven Tartar conqueror. Others are ensnared in their orbit and become victims of their manipulative tactics. Having just seen the documentary, "Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room", the plot machinations in "Bajazet" remind me of the shenanigans in any corporate executive suite, as it looks like Ken Lay and Tamerlano have much in common. However, in this piece, there is a comeuppance of sorts as Tamerlano reaches an epiphany rather quickly at the end but not before Bajazet commits suicide. Such a masochistic moment of dark victory would have been lost in lesser hands, but fortunately the extraordinary countertenor David Daniels plays Tamerlano in this recording with elegant fury. In impeccable voice, Daniels makes the most of his four arias, the best of which is "Barbaro Traditor", where he spews his venom at Bajazet in Act III. He is especially expert on the numerous recitatives that tie the narrative together never losing sight of his character's motivations. Bass-baritone Ildebrando D'Arcangelo is not quite in Daniels' league when it comes to dramatic interpretation, but he has a strong voice and makes an effective adversary.  There are three stunning mezzo-sopranos in the cast, and each has impressive coloraturas that complement their characters. Vivica Genaux plays the much-maligned Irene battered by the manipulative actions of the two rulers. She has a beautiful aria toward the end of Act I, "Qual guerriero in campo armato," and a haunting one in Act II, "Sposa, son disprezzata." As Bajazet's daughter Asteria, Marijana Mijanovic has the rich timbre of a countertenor, similar to Bejun Mehta in tone, which she uses to great effect in her peak aria in Act II, "La cervetta timidetta." In the pants role of Andronicus, Elina Garanca does a nice job on her Act III aria, "Spesson tra vaghe rose," though of the three, she is probably the least compelling dramatically. Soprano Patrizia Ciofi doesn't have as much to do here as Idapse, but she has two grand arias earlier in the story. Worth mentioning is a wonderful albeit too brief quartetto with Genaux, Mijanovic, D'Achangelo and Daniels at the end of Act II, always a treat to hear such fine voices intertwine with one another.  The performance is led by the always wonderful Fabio Biondi, and his ensemble Europa Galante plays beautifully on period instruments.  Virgin Classics has put together an excellent package for this recording, which includes two audio CDs; a comprehensive booklet that contains the plot synopsis, relevant essays and the complete libretto in three languages; and a half-hour DVD showing each of the six soloists recording an aria with Biondi and his orchestra. The booklet is most educational in providing the historical background, though in the essay on the "The Missing Arias", I was confused by the statement that three of the arias performed are replacements for the original compositions, yet they still contain Vivaldi's text. The DVD is a wonderful extra and a great sampler of the stellar cast in solo turns in the studio. All reveal quite a bit of body language in their performances, which indicated how much they get into character when singing even in their street clothes. Some are more camera-savvy than others, as you will witness some individual gesticulations that would be less tolerable on a public stage. I only wish they included interviews or even some camera-ready scholar to discuss the work itself. Regardless, what a treat it is to have a visual accompaniment to the masterful performance recorded here. Strongly recommended.     