 A subject as vitally important as the landmark class-action sexual harassment case, Lois Jenson v. Eveleth Mines, deserves a better film treatment than the one it gets here. It has the look of a serious drama, but director Niki Caro and screenwriter Michael Seitzman disappoint by throwing in every familiar soap opera cliche possible, especially some extremely sketchy plot developments in the damaging final half-hour. Were it not for the stellar cast, this would surely be a Lifetime TV-movie for all the cardboard dialogue and faux-confrontations that occur between the characters.  The plot focuses on Josey Aimes, who escapes her abusive marriage with two kids in tow to her parents' home in northern Minnesota. Barely surviving as a hair washer, she, by chance, runs into her old friend Glory, who works at the local iron mine and convinces Josey to get a job there since she can make six times the money. As one of a handful of women working there, Josey is constantly harassed and humiliated by her male coworkers and demeaned by management to the point of quitting. Inspired by the Anita Hill case going on at the same time, Josey, with the help of settlement-oriented lawyer Bill White, decides to file a lawsuit against the mine and promptly becomes vilified by the town, especially for her purportedly loose sexual behavior.  The film's structure is familiar to anyone who has witnessed the central struggles in "Norma Rae", "Erin Brockovich" and in particular, "Silkwood", so the schematic underdog story works to a certain level that in the early going, is highly effective. The harassment scenes have a palpable realism about them. On the plus side, Charlize Theron has become one of the most vibrant, urgent actors onscreen today, and she distills dimensions of candor and heartbreak that transcend the formulaic set-up. Her stunning beauty is not as camouflaged here as in "Monster", but she manages to look convincingly worn and beaten by Josey's plight even if her Minnesotan accent drifts in and out. As Glory, Frances McDormand is as exceptional as usual, delivering the emotional grounding and gutsy sense of humor which has become her trademark. Her decline from a debilitating disease is gut-wrenching, but it happens in so choppy and cursory a fashion that it's hard to see why this particular plot point is even introduced.  Woody Harrelson has an even more elliptical role as Bill, and while he manages the balance between cynical and sincere with aplomb, he still has that wild-eyed look during the courtroom scenes that I find distracting. Given her impressive caliber, Sissy Spacek is given precious little to do as Josey's put-upon mother, but Richard Jenkins excels as the taciturn father who moves warily toward self-revelation. Sean Bean, in a surprising about-face from his usual villainous roles, empathetically plays Glory's husband Kyle, while James Cada is perfectly venal as the head of the mine.   However, for all the wonderful acting, the climax of the film is botched with scenes contrived toward actions that make no sense other than to provide the film an emotionally resonant finish, which ironically wrings hollow as a result. The sparse DVD package has one invaluable extra, a short making-of featurette, "Stories from the North Country", which lets us hear from not only the filmmakers but also the real women of the mines who inspired the film, including Jenson. There are deleted scenes, which only provide value in providing a greater sense of context for Glory's physical decent, and there is unfortunately no audio commentary track.     