 Gender lines become increasingly irrelevant as the current crop of world-class Baroque interpreters stake their territory. Just as David Daniels redefines our expectations of the countertenor voice and what a delicately beautiful sound a man can generate, Sara Mingardo is doing the same for the contralto voice and displaying how powerfully dynamic a woman can sound. This 2004 release is quite an accomplished recording of 17th- and 18th-century arias and cantatas written for women and castrati. An intensely passionate singer especially as she explores a repertoire in her native Italian, Mingardo is anything but pious in her interpretations. Her impressive vocal and theatrical abilities are on full display in the opening, "Hor ch' tempo di morire", a nine-minute lullaby by Tarquinio Merula, where the sighing, monotonously repetitive accompaniment acts as counterpoint to her expression of Mary's heartfelt sentiment for her son's well-being in both life and inevitable death. Throughout the program, she invokes a broad gamut of emotions and stills stays true to the Baroque fach.  Although the disc is billed with the three most famous composers (Handel, Vivaldi and Monteverdi), I feel her decorous vocal production seems particularly well executed on the beautifully moving works by Carissimi ("Deh, memoria, e che pi chiedi") and Legrenzi ("Costei ch'in mezzo al volto scritt'ha il mio cor"), which Mingardo seems to relish and on which she lavishes the full measure of her rich tone. The last section of the Vivaldi cantata, "Piani, sospiri e dimandar mercede" reveals her sharp technique and rhythmic control even more than the preceding Handel cantata, "Lungi da me pensier tiranno", a good but not great early piece from the master. Her duet with Monica Bacelli on the Monteverdi piece, "Se i languidi miei sguardi", provides an interesting contrast of styles as Bacelli provides the pure dulcet tones we tend to think of as typical in Baroque singing.  Mingardo's voice may lack the feminine warmth of her alto colleague Stephanie Blythe, but it's still extremely listenable and quite an impressive instrument especially when intertwined with the five players of Concerto Italiano - an ensemble of two violins, a cello, a theorbo and a harpsichord - under the often imaginative musical direction of Rinaldo Alessandrini. This is a superb recording for early music fans.     