 Author Eamonn Kelly, CEO and President of Global Business Network, a consulting firm focused on the future, has an ambitious agenda to cover in his fascinating, thought-provoking and eminently readable book about global transformation. He focuses on an intriguing line of thought he calls "both/and" thinking, i.e., thinking in shades of gray, and why he recommends that executives who regularly struggle with complexity consider ways to accommodate divergent viewpoints in their decisions. As a counterexample, he cites the glib political stories claiming that conservatives are liars and liberals are traitors, which he rightly assesses as a lackadaisical substitute for critical thinking.  On a broader plain, with contradictory forces co-existing with each other in our world today, the author has come to recognize a disconnect between the complexity and paradoxes in the world, and our tendency to default to "either/or" thinking like those political writers. Through reams of data, he is able to identify seven matching pairs of forces that try to make sense of these tensions - prosperity and decline; power and vulnerability; intangible and physical; clarity and craziness; acceleration and pushback; people and planet; secular and sacred.  Kelly explores these tensions in three scenarios. The first is the "New American Century," which assumes our nation will achieve unparalleled leadership and expand our scope of influence so that the entire world will abide by our core values and play by our rules. In charting the continued growth and influence of American-style methods for conducting business, he concludes that the prevalence of Western business models has not ensured that Americans continue to enjoy the high living standards to which they've grown accustomed. China and India offer substantial competition, but they compete in the global marketplace by playing under rules established by US companies.  The second scenario is called "Patchwork Powers", in which geopolitical and economic power is distributed among many different international bodies, regions and nation-states. Admittedly a global hodgepodge, no single nation dominates global affairs. Instead, loose confederations work to resolve global problems such as poverty, climate change, disease epidemics, and international migration. The third scenario, "Emergence", recognizes change and coherence come from the bottom up to accommodate the slow adaptation process. Consequently, interconnected networks of individuals exert more influence than do either waning governments or slow-moving mega-corporations. Digital interconnectedness allows communities to apply local solutions to water, power, and food shortages rather than rely on federal bureaucracies to provide essentials.  What Kelly foresees are profound challenges from a geopolitical standpoint - the sudden increase in catastrophic damage caused by climate change, new demographic realities in terms of the potential spread of disease, and most obliquely, the challenge of how the West will adjust psychologically to a gradual loss of leadership to Asia. According to the author, Asians have a psychological advantage in that they have a much more ingrained "both/and" philosophy. He provides a simple example to illustrate his point - in the West, if you show a picture of a fish tank and ask them what they see, they will say they see three fish, but if you show the same picture to Asian people and ask them what they see, they will say an aquarium. Even this simple distinction in perception shows how we tend to break things down and see the bits, whereas Asia has a more contextual world view.  Kelly's assertions are bold, hopeful and terrifying as he dares to envision a future guided by no single area of knowledge. Rather, he foresees a future where new and newly efficient organizations, as well as individuals, realize unprecedented power. Global transformation, as described by Kelly, is not small order, as things will only change when we get to the point of thinking radically toward collaborative opportunity. Kelly's book makes for provocative reading and will hopefully add to the collective realization that we can achieve remarkable things.     