 Film critic Roger Ebert just included this movie as one of his top favorites in his new compendium, "The Great Movies II", and you should certainly read his analysis to hear from a true aficionado. For me personally,  I continue to be surprised at how much I laugh when I see this movie. I thought that by now, surely the comic sight gags and the casting of Steve Martin and the late John Candy would automatically make this a candidate for a 1987 time capsule. Instead, I have to agree with Ebert and say this film has only grown over time, The laughs are still there, but so is a somewhat more dramatic undercurrent that I likely ignored the first time I saw it. Directed and written by John Hughes previously known for his teen angst comedies like "The Breakfast Club" and "Pretty in Pink", it's really a classic anti-buddy picture as two mismatched individuals are thrown together and of course, suffer one bizarre misadventure after another as they try to make it home to Chicago for Thanksgiving.  Although you would think it would have more in common with Neil Simon's "The Odd Couple", the plot actually reminds me much more of Simon's "The Out-of-Towners", and anyone familiar with that film will have a good idea of what will happen to them. They spend a night in a cramped hotel room sleeping in the same bed, endure customer-indifferent rental car clerks, suffer through a series of vehicle breakdowns, and watch one of their last hopes literally go up in smoke. As persnickety salesman Neal Page, Martin seems to be on a constant simmer just ready to boil at the most inopportune times. Candy plays the obnoxious Del Griffith, a shower curtain ring salesman armed with an endless supply of dumb jokes and pointless anecdotes. That both manage to make their respective characters likeable is a testament to their appeal as comic actors. Martin is able to elicit empathy for a man uncomfortable with unpredictable circumstances. Candy goes beyond the obvious buffoon to reveal a vulnerable, lonely man made even more so by the holiday season. There is a particularly touching moment when he silently expresses his character's swelling hurt as Neal berates him for his unfunny stories. But it's really the comedy scenes that make this movie truly memorable, the best one involving Del's lip-synching of Ray Charles' "The Mess Around" behind the wheel of car he is driving in the wrong direction. The ending is somewhat mawkish, but it doesn't ruin a comedy that deserves to be seen again and enjoyed. Still highly recommended.     