 This is an accomplished film for someone directing only his second film. But then again, judging from his subsequent work all the way to "Angels in America" and "Closer", Mike Nichols seems to have come into filmmaking fully understanding the frailties of the human condition and knowing how to convey them in a way that audiences could empathize. "The Graduate" is one of those films that gravitates effortlessly to its audience even now, the aging Vietnam War-era population who championed anarchy and the people who revise their personal histories so they can think they were members of the now-fashionable counter-cultural movement. It is a testament to Nichols and screenwriters Buck Henry and Calder Willingham that the social comedy aspects of this film do not seem at all dated. In fact, despite its provocative veneer, it's really old-fashioned in key ways from the hero's moralistic tendencies to his romantically compulsive motivations toward the end.   Dustin Hoffman was pulled out of complete obscurity to play Benjamin, the alienated, recent college graduate drifting amid his parents' Southern California upper middle class, swimming pool-centered ennui. As he figures out what to do with his life and faces unwanted advice from his parents' friends, enter Mrs. Robinson, a bored, restless wife, a self-proclaimed alcoholic and about as sympathetic as Lady Macbeth. It's hard to imagine what the original choice, Doris Day, would have done with this role, as it takes Anne Bancroft's formidable arsenal of skills to bring this vituperative woman to life. She gives a masterful performance. The hotel sequence where Benjamin awkwardly asks Mrs. Robinson for a drink is sharply observed and hilarious - the suspicious hotel clerk  (Henry, the film's co-screenwriter) eyeing Benjamin's every move; the reception line which Benjamin pretends to know (watch for TV veterans Alice Ghostley and Marion Lorne - Aunt Clara of "Bewitched" - make indelible marks here); and just the predatory Mrs. Robinson's business-like approach to seduction.  Complicating matters exorbitantly is Mrs. Robinson's daughter, Elaine, played with relative nonchalance by Katharine Ross. The film then turns into a revenge comedy with Mrs. Robinson trying to prevent the inevitable coupling of Benjamin and Elaine. She almost succeeds but not before a series of revelations and dramatic encounters that lead to the classic ending aboard the public bus. Some of the comedy and characterizations do seem a bit extreme, for example, Hoffman seems to amplify his character's nebbishness a few too many times, Elaine's fiance appears like a textbook 1960's TV stereotype. There are also geographic gaffes which are obvious to me since I am a Berkeley alum and a San Francisco Bay Area native: the campus scenes are most certainly not filmed at Berkeley but at USC, Benjamin crosses the Bay Bridge in the wrong direction to hunt for Elaine. But these lapses are forgivable in light of Nichols' expert direction; the witty, observant script; and Simon and Garfunkel's distinctively dulcet tones.  Strongly recommended after all these years.     