 I have to admit there is a certain time-capsule fascination with seeing a mainstream Hollywood movie deal with the then-forbidden subject of unfulfilled gay love without the specter of AIDS. Unfortunately, this 1982 film is so emotionally self-contained and overly tasteful that the soap opera storyline has no chance to breathe with real life. Unsurprisingly, it was directed by Arthur Hiller, who made the similarly antiseptic "Love Story" a dozen years earlier. This time around, working from a script by openly gay screenwriter Barry Sandler from a story by biographer A. Scott Berg, Hiller maneuvers around a romantic triangle in which the idyllic marriage of upcoming TV executive Claire and successful doctor Zack is shattered by the sudden presence of Bart, a writer of the Fitzgerald school of emotional nihilism.  The set-up is so calculated not to offend that it becomes offensive in its dishonesty, first in the external factors such as the couple's overly romanticized view of their life together and their homogenized existence and then in the hollow emotional responses that each character conveys once the illusions dissipate. The film tracks the marital disintegration and Zack's concurrent sexual awakening in excruciating detail, and the dialogue fortifies the by-the-numbers story with a condescending TV-movie tone, especially in the overly convenient use of talking-to-the-camera monologues. The acting doesn't help much, though I have to give credit to the three leads for having the courage to accept parts in a movie that must have been diagnosed with a pre-Brokeback sense of cinematic leprosy.  Everyone is sincere but transparent with nary a hint of human complexity. Just finished with her stint on "Charlie's Angels", Kate Jackson tries hard to inhabit Claire, but there is frankly little to the character beyond her adoration of Zack. The very bland Michael Ontkean is hardly detectable as Zack, which is a shame since he is the vortex of the triangle and the one going through the identity evolution. As the predatory and soulless Bart, Harry Hamlin fares somewhat better probably because his character provides some palpable friction to the proceedings. It's not too surprising that none of the three leads went on to successful big-screen careers, though they all thrived back on TV again.  Arthur Hill and especially Wendy Hiller are wasted in plot devices disguised as supporting characters. It all ends predictably with a scene pilfered from the end of "The Way We Were". While the DVD release is much delayed, the print transfer is decent although there are no extras except for a handful of film trailers. There could have been some mention of the film's role in the evolution of gay-themed films but it's probably just as well since the movie is so singularly unmemorable no matter how well intentioned.     