 At 63, multi-hyphenated conglomerate Barbra Streisand has little else to prove to uphold her legacy, which may be why she decided to go back to the well for her latest recording, amazingly her 61st. First things first, she sounds great and undiminished, her supple voice and scale-defying range as impressive as ever, astonishing when one considers her first album was recorded 43 years ago and certainly reason enough to purchase this disc. It seems anachronistic to do a sequel to an album that appears to be such a product of its time, the post-"Saturday Night Fever" disco grooves of the resuscitated Bee Gees, especially since 25 years have elapsed since "Guilty" was released.  Alas, what goes around apparently comes around, as the overall sound on this recording has an infectious, insinuating tone that overcomes its overtly retro feel and makes it ultimately irresistible ear candy. Compared to her recent discs (especially her concert recordings), Streisand sounds relaxed here, though her natural theatricality is certainly on display albeit in a more tempered form. Some past producers (including herself) suffocate her voice in overproduction, but producers Barry Gibb and John Merchant seem to embrace her flexo-flyer voice without sacrificing the distinctive Gibb style. For the most part, the program, penned mostly by Gibb with his sons Ashley and Stephen, is pure pop confection but so finely tuned that it doesn't really matter.  An odd 1950's-style opener, "Come Tomorrow" has a loping, doo-wop beat that recalls "In the Still of the Night", but Streisand croons it so expertly that she compensates for the dated feel and Gibb's rather strained vocalizing. Better is their more "Guilty"-influenced duet, "Above the Law", a catchy, swooning pop ballad with a bossa-nova beat that sounds like a more playful version of "How Deep Is Your Love?". There are tracks here that are truly guilty pleasures, derivative ear candy engulfed by Streisand's immense vocal prowess - "Hideaway" is Streisand at her most seductive with a Caribbean-flavored beat; "Golden Dawn" seems like a James Bond theme in search of a movie with swirling strings and a Spanish-style guitar; and "It's Up to You" sounds like a new millennium take on the Jackson Five's "I'll Be There". The big surprise is the diva-driven disco of "Night of My Life", which feels like it was lifted directly from the "Saturday Night Fever" soundtrack. Replete with the unmistakable Bee Gees falsetto voices swooping through the inane lyrics and insistent beat much like they did on "You Should Be Dancing", the tune has the makings of a huge club hit in remixed versions.  Streisand has found a veiled outlet for her political views with the anti-war anthem, "Stranger in a Strange Land", that builds momentum with electric guitar and soaring harmonies, and the percussive "All the Children", which carries a Middle Eastern swirl of rhythm to a song with a chugging chorus that recalls "Shadow Dancing". Speaking of which, she inserts her stentorian take on Andy Gibb's schmaltzy late-seventies hit, "(Our Love) Don't Throw It All Away", and improves it immeasurably. The two most traditional tracks here are "Without Your Love" and the closer "Letting Go". Both songs, especially the latter, showcase Streisand in full command of her interpretative skills and unique song styling talent. I have to admit I prefer her singing of character-driven show and movie tunes, but as far as pop recordings go, Gibb was probably her most compatible collaborator. It's good to see that the partnership continues to thrive.  The DualDisc contains the standard CD on one side and a DVD that repeats the whole recording in a higher resolution, digitally mastered version. While the DVD side provides a helpful song select feature, there seems a missed opportunity to present the lyrics as the song is playing (stills from the  photo shoot are used instead). The more important feature is a casual interview with Streisand and Gibb, both appearing understandably older and wizened, as they fawn over each other and look awkward in some contrived-looking recording sessions. Four songs are included for video presentation - "Above the Law", "Hideaway", "Stranger in a Strange Land" and "Letting Go" - all spotlighting Streisand looking very comfortable in the recording studio.     