 When Carrie and the girls waxed enthusiastically about "The Way We Were" in an episode of HBO's "Sex in the City", I realized what a touchstone this movie has become for many who saw it as the ultimate opposites-attract romance. Over thirty years have elapsed since its initial release, and it's easy to forget what a massive challenge director Sydney Pollack had in making this movie. Primarily he had to harness the elephantine personality of Barbra Streisand, then the most powerful female movie star, within a period movie that was designed to provide an incisive look at the McCarthy-era witch hunts. Pollack does an exceptional job in delineating the somewhat preposterous love story, and he guides Streisand to one of her most subtle and touching performances, still her best onscreen work. She was also lucky to have veteran screenwriter Arthur Laurents write such a strong, multi-dimensional character in Katie Morosky. It's quite a journey from young Communist college radical in the late thirties to glamorous Hollywood wife in the early fifties, but Streisand seems fully committed in conveying her character's idealism and blind idolatry. Matching her every step of the way is Robert Redford, who was then at the peak of his matinee idol popularity as well. He smartly underplays the lionized Hubbell Gardiner, fleshing out a character that could have remained a cipher but instead seems to understand his own limitations. It's interesting how all the other characters fade completely in the background as a result of the mega-wattage generated by the star coupling.  In essence, the movie consists of three distinct parts: the college years when they first make impressions on each other, the WWII years when they meet again and start an unlikely romance, and the Hollywood years when they are married and get mired in the studio system. The first two parts are excellent and filled with memorable moments. I particularly like the intimate caf scene where Hubbell announces to Katie that his article has just been published and later on when she cajoles him to stay for dinner and rattles on in typical Streisand rat-a-tat fashion about how she spent all her ration stamps on steaks and baked potatoes. Her look of realized humiliation afterward is priceless. She also handles her showcase scenes well, for instance, at the radio station when Hubbell concedes that the relationship is impossible to continue and later when Katie begs Hubbell to come over to help her sleep. I realize I was being manipulated by only-in-Hollywood, Oscar-baiting gesticulations, but the scenes somehow work regardless.  When the story moves to Hollywood, the movie gets a bit more problematic. The star-crossed couple is challenged by the revelation to Hubbell's studio that Katie was a former Communist, which in turn makes Hubbell, now a rising screenwriter, a target for blacklisting. What should have been the most interesting part of the film becomes muddled as to what exactly is happening to cause their inevitable break-up. Ironically though, the film's most powerful scene is in this section, the train station confrontation between Katie and Hubbell over people and their principles. But bottom line, there is no narrative connection between the Hollywood blacklist and their separation, which just seems odd given the build-up of the story to that point. I am not certain whether reinstating several crucial scenes (cut at the last minute by Pollack) would have helped after seeing some of them in the extensive and insightful documentary included as part of the DVD package, "The Way We Were: A Look Back". I have to agree with Pollack (and disagree with Streisand) that the deleted scenes don't really fit in with the pacing and emotionalism during this part of the movie even though they do provide added context. Of course the coda outside the Plaza Hotel is still classic, mainly due to the brevity of dialogue, the swooning Marvin Hamlisch music and the tear-jerking stares and gestures.  Despite its narrative disconnect in the last third, I still love this movie, and it does deserve its place among the great screen romances. The evocative music along with the overplayed title tune certainly adds to its impact. It's just that it doesn't belong in a sub-category of films that deal seriously with the Communist red scare. The DVD transfer is good though not exceptional, and for diehard fans of the movie, the well done documentary seems essential.     