 Looking diffident in her wooden swivel chair on the cover with sheet music strewn carefully on the floor around her, multi-hyphenate Barbra Streisand was riding on her first directorial triumph with "Yentl" in 1985 when she decided to go back to her roots in the recording studio. Twenty years after its release and already twenty-five years into her singing career at that point, this disc still provides clear evidence that she may have been the most effective story song stylist in American pop music in the latter half of the 20th century. High praise, I know, but her intuitive sense of character, along with her remarkably supple voice and theatrical flair, make her a perfect match for this selection of well-known show tunes.  It's intriguing that at the beginning of her career, she sang obscure songs by well-known composers like Harold Arlen, then moved into more pop-oriented fare as her movie stardom rose, and with this album, came back to show songs but this time focused on Broadway classics. Consequently, the usual suspects are here (Rodgers & Hammerstein, Frank Loesser, George Gershwin, Jerome Kern), and the marriage of her voice to this material produces superb results. She takes romantic chestnuts like "If I Loved You" from "Carousel" and the medley from "The King and I" and gives them a swooning sense of longing appropriate for the lyrics. Even potentially disastrous material like "Can't Help Lovin' That Man" from "Showboat" and the "I Loves You Porgy"/"Porgy, I's Your Woman Now..." medley from "Porgy and Bess", both with their heavy use of black colloquialism, come off brilliantly under Streisand's masterful, race-irrelevant interpretations. And luckily there is one reminder of what a savvy comic actress she was as Miss Marmelstein and Fanny Brice with her version of "Adelaide's Lament" from "Guys and Dolls".  Yet, her most successful collaborations here are in the works of Stephen Sondheim, a composer and lyricist whose keen intellect and audacious sense of dramatic arcs within songs find the ideal muse in Streisand. Compelling evidence can be found in her performances of the haunting "Not While I'm Around" from "Sweeney Todd" and the smart juxtaposition of "Pretty Women" from "Sweeney Todd" and "The Ladies Who Lunch" from "Company". Her nimble-tongued opener, "Putting It Together" from "Sunday in the Park with George", provides a witty, frenetic metaphor for the commercial challenges she faced in making this album.  Even overplayed songs like the optimistic "Being Alive" from "Company" and especially "Send in the Clowns" from "A Little Night Music" sound fresh thanks mainly to Streisand's commitment to the lyrical content, and in typical take-charge fashion, she even had Sondheim change some of the words to fit her interpretations. The only real flaws evident in this recording are the "West Side Story" selections with the heavy use of synthesizers on the pulsating "Something's Coming", which makes this version sound a bit more 1980's than it had to be. The same dated treatment makes the closer, "Somewhere", sound oddly intergalactic presumably in order to fit the universal brotherhood message she seems to want to convey, but Streisand's soaring, flexo-flyer vocals override the bombast easily. Essential listening to a superb artist who found the ideal showcase for her phenomenal pop voice.     