 The directorial film debut of television actor Zach Braff (who also wrote the script and stars) seems to be in danger of getting carried away with its own quirkiness about every five minutes. However, sheer earnestness, a keen ear for dialogue and a strong cast prevent this movie from going through the trapdoor of Braff's eccentric, heavily stylized view of his world. Inspired in part by his own life, Braff's movie tells the story of Andrew Largeman, a struggling television actor/waiter who returns to his hometown in New Jersey for the funeral of his mother. He is nearly catatonic with denial about his estrangement from his family and in particular, his father. He also reunites with some of his old friends, notably his grave-digging stoner buddy, Mark, and most importantly, meets and falls in love with Sam, a motor-mouthed Holly Golightly-type, who helps Andrew find himself again. It turns out that Andrew's psychiatrist father has been prescribing medication for him to stabilize his mood swings, one episode of which accidentally caused a deep and what seems to be an irreparable rift with his parents.  The film moves fluidly between humor and pathos, and fortunately Braff knows when to avoid making the story more heavy-handed than it needs to be. At various times, the film gets lost in its own visual style (such as the use of fast motion surrounding the static protagonist) and heavy use of symbolism (for example, the ark on the edge of a crater), making it feel a bit more contrived than it should. And the alternative rock soundtrack, while terrifically evocative, also creates that aura of creeping irrelevance. But Braff is smart enough to know to focus primarily on his characters, and that's the film's saving grace and greatest strength. Quite a remarkable cast has been assembled for such a small film. British acting stalwart Ian Holm is oddly cast as Andrew's father, but he is briefly effective in spite of the fact that most of the footage explaining his character's remoteness ended up on the cutting room floor (as seen in the deleted scenes). As pot-smoking, guitar-strumming Mark, Peter Sarsgaard proves again what a fiercely intelligent and versatile actor he is. It's hard to believe this is the same actor who played the conscientious magazine editor in "Shattered Glass" or the beguiling sex researcher in "Kinsey". Jean Smart has a funny cameo as Mark's blowsy mother, and they have a hilarious scene around the breakfast table talking to Mark's brother about his medieval castle job and speaking Klingon. As Sam, Natalie Portman is charming throughout, even though her character's random eccentricities constantly threaten to overwhelm her appeal. Braff himself seems less assured as a leading man perhaps because he sets up his character to be more of an observer until he comes to life in the concluding scenes, yet he does create a sense of good will that makes you want to know what will happen to him throughout the story.  Some of the plot strands do not work as smoothly as one would hope, for example, the burgeoning love between Andrew and Sam seems a bit jumpy in treatment and the reconciliation with his father feels fairly pat considering the painful history that preceded it. But on the plus side, Braff captures his childhood environment and adulthood angst with pinpoint emotional accuracy. At its best, the movie will remind you of the sense of isolation Benjamin Braddock felt in Mike Nichols' "The Graduate".  There is a good making-of documentary included in the DVD, as well as a series of deleted scenes that actually do help fill in some blanks left in the final film. A promising debut, rather flawed but still highly recommended.     