 This is as strong a sampler of Vivaldi's operas as one can get without purchasing entire opera recordings. Highlights from four have been selected here, each recorded in complete form on the Nave label. They are "Orlando finto pazzo", "La verit in cimento", "Juditha triumphans" and "L'Olimpiade". What the producers have chosen here is the true cream of the crop, a roster of superb, top-of-the-class performances from nearly a dozen world-class singers.  Rising countertenor Philippe Jaroussky starts the program off with an almost religious-sounding lament as Zelim from "La verit in cimento", which he sings in a strikingly ethereal manner. But the women rule the roost in this recording. Mezzo-soprano Magdalena Koena makes clear why she is moving quickly to the major leagues by singing two magnificent arias from "Juditha triumphans", "Veni, veni, me sequere fida", caressed by a clarinet-like instrument called a chalumeau, and "Agitata infio flatu", where she captures the sweeping fury of her character with stunning flourish. Contralto Sara Mingardo is another stand-out with her double-dip, full-throated voice dodging the aggressive strings on Licida's aria from "L'Olimpiade", "Gemo in un punto e fremo," and expertly riding the dramatic playing of Ensemble Matheus on Melindo's aria from "La verit in cimento", "Mivui trader, lo so". If not quite in the league of Koena and Mingardo, soprano Roberta Invernizzi and contralto Sonia Prina acquit themselves admirably with an aria each and especially when they perform the striking duetto of Megacle and Aristea from "L'Olimpiade", "Ne'giorni tuoi felici". There is also an impressive quintetto from "La verit in cimento", "Anima mia, mio ben", which for maximum dramatic impact emphasizes the disparate voices of Jaroussky, Mingardo, tenor Anthony Rolfe Johnson, mezzo-soprano Guillemette Laurens and contralto Nathalie Stutzmann. The disc ends appropriately with a beautiful choral piece, "O quam vaga, venusta, o quam decora" from "Juditha triumphans" with the Coro Giovanile dell'Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia, led by soprano Marina Comparato.  Rarely has a compilation disc sounded so seamless and without the additional burden of carrying different story contexts. Aurally it sounds like one consolidated piece, and credit needs to go to music directors Alessandro De Marchi, Rinaldo Alessandrini and Jean-Christophe Spinosi, who conducted the originally presented operas. Strongly recommended especially for neophytes to Vivaldi's operas like myself.     