 The title translates as "Balthazar by Chance", which seems apt as chance pervades the storyline and forces us to think about morality and sin in unconventional ways. To say this 1966 film is challenging to watch is to pay its director Robert Bresson the ultimate compliment, as he dares to make us care about a donkey named Balthazar, whose unexceptional existence reflects the unexceptional people around him. Thankfully there is no attempt to personalize the animal because he really becomes the cathartic vehicle by which its various owners express their emotions, whether it's the adoration of a little girl or the abuse of a baker's rebellious son.  It makes for an oddly fulfilling dynamic because throughout the movie, I find myself seeking out the slightest reaction from Balthazar to the world around him. It helps that Bresson's filmmaking style is similar to Yasujiro Ozu's - long shots, steady camera positions, narrative ellipses which move the story along by insinuation rather than dramatic episodes. However, there is something idiosyncratic to Bresson's storytelling style, for example, the use of pride as a destructive factor and a willingness to debase oneself as a means of self-protection. To me, that's what makes this particular movie resonate.  Balthazar is tied inextricably to a sad young girl named Marie, and their relationship is nothing remotely like "National Velvet" or "My Friend Flicka". One moment, she is adorning Balthazar with flowers, but in the next scene, she vacantly lets two young hooligans beat him mercilessly. As portrayed in a subtle manner by Anne Wiazemsky, Marie is an emotionally empty person, but somehow Bresson makes us empathize with her plight and her inability to distinguish between what will hurt her and what will benefit her. One gets the impression that Marie sees Balthazar as an object to be enjoyed, not a being with whom she should empathize. Marie clings to weakness and fear because that's all she knows, just as the callous Grard (played with nonchalant malice by Franois Lefarge) is sadistic not for cheap thrills - including cruelly setting fire to Balthazar's tail - but because he knows no other way to be.  Eventually, an ailing Balthazar is turned over to Grard's accomplice, a career criminal suspected of murder, and begins a new life as a guide animal, then as a circus attraction (in a funny, surreal scene where he solves multiplication problems), before being sold at auction to a miserly, abusive merchant, who in turn abuses Marie. The final scene attains a beatific quality with Balthazar old and near death, wandering into a herd of sheep--as, indeed, it began its life in such a herd. The other animals come and go, sometimes nuzzling up against it and taking little notice of their fellow animal. The circular nature of the story seems to show how we all seem to have certain destinies doomed to repeat the same mistakes when life offers no other options.  What comes across most powerfully in the movie is a sense of internalized emotional struggle. Balthazar may be the subject by default, but most of the movie deals with the people who own him, who employ and mistreat him, who are present when he is moved from one station of life to another.  Balthazar is not even used as a Greek chorus, as a lesser movie might. The Criterion Collection DVD offers a pristine print that optimizes the striking black-and-white camerawork by Ghislain Cloquet. I also like how Bresson uses music sparingly with brief Schubert piano sonatas that convey the movie's purity and austerity sometimes interrupted by the donkey's braying.  There are two valuable extras with the DVD - a recent fifteen-minute commentary by film scholar Donald Richie (he provides expert commentary on Criterion's Ozu DVDs as well) and in particular, an hour-long French TV documentary from 1966, "Un metteur en ordre: Robert Bresson", about the film featuring Bresson, Jean-Luc Godard, Louis Malle, and cast and crew members. This film is definitely not for everyone, but for the initiated, it's sublime.     