 This is the work of a master storyteller that one could fairly compare with Harper Lee's "To Kill a Mockingbird" and Carson McCullers' "The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter". Author Marilynne Robinson has written a beautiful novel, concise and poignant with only a modicum of action but a depth of feeling all too rare in today's fiction. Set in mid-fifties Iowa, the dying, 76-year old Reverend John Ames narrates a long letter to his seven-year-old son born of his much younger second wife. It is not to be read until after the death of a father, who won't be around to see his boy grow up. The old man's purpose is to provide the boy with his "begats", a family history of biblical proportions that stretches from the Civil War to the civil rights movement. Through his discourse, Ames introduces his father and grandfather, who have split bitterly over the elder Ames' sometimes violent association with abolitionists, including John Brown. The reverend then details his boyhood quest to find the patriarch's Kansas grave. Before the Civil War, Gilead had become a haven for Brown and his supporters, as it was just across the border from bloody Kansas. The biblical parallels are clear, as Gilead is the land east of the Jordan traditionally viewed as the source of a healing salve, the balm of Gilead. But in the Old Testament, this same region also carries less than peaceful associations and is sometimes described as a place of bloodshed and inequity.  With Brown, Ames' grandfather rode and once preached to his flock in a red-stained shirt with a pistol tucked in his belt. Ames tells this fascinating family history with alternate strokes of regret and pleasure.  Intergenerational conflicts provide the core theme of Robinson's story, as fathers and sons move on similar paths but are motivated by different passions. Much of the book reads like a spiritual diary, until one day, the prodigal son of Ames' best friend, Jack Boughton, returns to Gilead, and it is obvious that Ames has a divisive relationship with him. The source of the friction slowly reveals itself. Decades before, young Boughton brought disgrace on himself and his family then disappeared. But now Boughton starts visiting Ames and begins to assimilate himself within the Ames family. Ames agonizes over whether to reveal the evil of Boughton's past, but his greater good dominates. Ames' beliefs accumulate to express, with rare fullness and grace, nothing less than the divine riddle of existence. And while this revelation is spiritual in nature, the tone is far from sanctimonious thanks to Robinson's clear-eyed prose. As a reflection of the author, Ames possesses an agile intellect and an intimidating capacity for mindfulness, which one could see as a gift of his physical infirmity, but also of a lifetime of self-examination through writing and thinking.  The book covers a century from the 1850s to 1956, when Ames sets down his story. Implicitly, it looks far into the future -- Ames imagines his little boy as an old man -- and in spirit back to biblical times. Much of what Ames describes is idyllic, but he also brings up darker memories, whether it's a fire set at the Negro church or the plight of an ignorant unwed mother. Eventually one realizes that beyond a portrait of the human condition, Robinson also introduces a more specific subtext in describing the challenging quest for social and racial justice. She has an uncanny gift to point up her moral wisdom and common sense with dry humor. I have never read Robinson's much-praised first novel, "Housekeeping" but now I'm curious to read it if only to see how her writing style has evolved over the years. Strongly recommended, one of the best pieces of fiction I've read in years.     