 For those like myself who enjoyed Michael Chabon's "The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay", this is the book for you as this gives the non-fiction account of approximately the same pre-WWII burst of creativity that led to the birth of the comic book industry. As most baby boomers know, comic book aficionados fall into two camps based on the two big houses, Marvel Comics or DC Comics. Since I am firmly in the DC camp, I am happy that author Gerard Jones tackles the history of the company that brought Superman, Batman and Wonder Woman to our collective consciousness.  In alternating chapters, Jones describes the careers of founders Harry Donenfeld and Jack Liebowitz and the stories of Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster, who invented Superman. What strikes me is how relevant their parallel stories are relative to the entrepreneurial spirit driving the start-ups of today. In particular, Siegel and Shuster, as portrayed here, reflect geek culture at its purist. Siegel loved adventure movies, and along with his school chum, Shuster, began composing illustrated stories and trying to sell them. Inspired by Zorro, they came up with the story of Superman in a single night. He didn't fly in the first drafts; he jumped and now I understand the comment of leaping tall buildings in a single bound. The other basic elements were there though - the destroyed planet, the surviving baby, the powers, the secret identity, and Lois Lane. Meanwhile, the story of Donenfeld is just as interesting. A natural huckster, he started life printing cheesy magazines and pulp fiction. Later, an old client asked Donenfeld for a job for his son, Jack Liebowitz. A former socialist and union organizer, Liebowitz signed on with Donny Press as the business manager, and his financial savvy and brilliance kept the business afloat while many others went under. Together they built a commercial empire worthy of a miniseries. It culminates with taking the company public and selling it to ex-Time Warner chief Steve Ross.  The author digs into the stories behind all the Golden Age heroes, revealing such nuggets as how Bob Kahn became Bob Kane and built his reputation largely on the work of others. The author also examines the bizarre psychologist, William Moulton Marston, who turned his odd notion that "women enjoy submission, being bound" into a comic book that often featured its heroine in bondage, Wonder Woman. This is quite a combination of stories for anyone interested in the serendipitous mix of talent necessary to make a burgeoning media organization successful. In certain ways, there is more to learn here than from the likes of Rupert Murdoch and other current moguls. Highly recommended especially for those who grew up with these comic books.     