 As she more recently proved with her "Handel Arias" CD, mezzo-soprano Lorraine Hunt Lieberson is capable of such beautiful, dramatic singing that her performances feel intensely personal, not just recitative. Her burnished tone has only deepened over the years, and her interpretative skills continue to amaze. While she is a true Handelian, Hunt Lieberson proves here that she is equally at home ruminating in the Bach repertoire. Recorded at Boston's Emmanuel Church, this recording reflects the collaboration of longtime colleagues Hunt Lieberson, Emmanuel artistic director Craig Smith and avant-garde director Peter Sellars. One would think the listener is being robbed of the strong visual sense that inevitably comes with a Sellars production, but Hunt Lieberson is so masterful in conveying a wide range of emotion aurally that the stylized staging (discussed in the accompanying booklet) almost becomes a moot point. Definitely not authentic to the Baroque period, this disc overcomes this perceived lapse by making full use of Craig Smith's expert conducting of the Orchestra of Emmanuel Music. The musicians accompany beautifully with a warmth and richness in tone that comes from the perfect blending of strings and woodwinds with Peggy Pearson's playing of the obbligato oboe d'amore a particular standout.  From the somewhat religious lyrics, one would expect pieces that are more sermonic, but they feel much more like confessionals on the witness stand. In cantata BWV 82, "Ich habe genug", there is a dramatic intensity and immediacy that are theatrical in the best possible sense, filled with imaginative detail as she seems to be on suicide watch.  I love how in the final aria, she conveys an unpredictable shifting back and forth between hopefulness and anguish that brings out the true meaning of the text. I was fortunate enough to see countertenor David Daniels perform this cantata last year with the San Francisco Symphony, and his is the only version comparable to hers. Cantata BWV 199, "Mein Herze schwimmt in blut", fully illustrates her dexterity in capturing all the dark moods with ease. The singer displays a welcome bit of humor in snarling the word 'Adamssamen' in the opening recitative to express her self-loathing. She shows a more subtle side in converting her singing to almost humming at the line 'Weil der Mund geschlossen ist', which means appropriately 'for my mouth is shut', in the aria "Stumme Seufzer, stille Klagen". A stunning, affecting recording, performed with great sensitivity and maximum dramatic impact by the incomparable Hunt Lieberson.     