 I was fortunate to see and hear Rene Fleming and the astounding David Daniels sing "Io t'abbraccio" together in the magnificent Stephen Wadsworth production of Handel's "Rodelinda" at the Metropolitan Opera last week. There is nothing here that can match the ethereal quality and overwhelming melancholy of that duet performance, but sometimes this recording comes pretty close under the masterful baton of Alan Curtis. Soprano Patrizia Ciofi and mezzo-soprano Joyce Di Donato blend quite well together with Ciofi's often fiery coloratura floating easily over the verses and Di Donato's contrasting darker, fuller tone.  It's a nice idea to make a disc of just Handel duets but also a bit risky since they usually represent the major dramatic highpoints of his operas, mostly coming at the end of an act or of the entire opera. Given that fact, one would think there would be plenty of exhausting dramatic fireworks by providing one duet after another. In fact, the higher profile duets, such as the aforementioned "Io t'abbraccio" and the equally famous "Scherzano sul tup volto" from "Rinaldo", feel a bit lackluster probably because their gorgeous music crowns the end of scenes full of tension and drama. The joy in hearing two characters sing together, especially after hearing each of them express their individual sentiments, acts as a catharsis. But here the duets become lovely moments partially robbed of their dramatic impact because the organic synthesis of character and music is lost. Certainly it's not easy to deliver a recital containing only music that Handel devised for key dramatic moments. Yet, it more often does work here perhaps because there are a treasure trove of little-known gems such as "Caro, tu m'accendi" from "Faramondo", "Se mai turbo il tuo riposo" from "Poro" and "Alma mia, dolce ristoro" from "Admeto". The performances really become more like chamber music pieces, almost understated and always tasteful. Toward that end, the singing is expressive and stylish as Ciofi and Di Donato play lovers who quarrel and console in these duets. Together they bring this recording to a consistently high level regardless of the dramatic shortcomings, and their emotional availability makes their unified voices all the more resonant as they get lost in each other.     