 Even though filmmaker Billy Wilder has made a number of masterpieces in different genres in a long career (e.g., "Double Indemnity", "Sunset Boulevard", "Some Like It Hot"), 1960's "The Apartment" still ranks as one of my favorites in his canon. The film has his trademark cynical humor (Wilder co-scripted with his longtime partner, I.A.L. Diamond), but it seems to have a deeper conscience and a more open heart than many of his other films. Even as a period piece, it is brimming with subtle observations about social mores and corporate culture in the early sixties. Very little has changed since then, which is why the movie doesn't seem as dated as others. In fact, the film seems to resonate even more today as a social commentary than the intended comedy it was supposed to be at the time. A very young and energetic Jack Lemmon plays C.C. Baxter, an ambitious insurance company desk jockey looking for his rung on the ladder. Toward that end, Baxter loans his apartment to sleazy, married executives at his office in need of a place to frolic with their mistresses. His novel way of networking does yield a promotion from the head of the company, J.D. Sheldrake (initials were big as "first" names back then), played to smarmy, hypocritical perfection by none other than Fred MacMurray, who was then mired in wholesome Disney films and soon "My Three Sons". He was a last-minute replacement for the great curmudgeon of a character actor, Paul Douglas, who died suddenly before production. Wilder wisely hired MacMurray, who had not tapped into his dark side since being duped by Barbara Stanwyck in "Double Indemnity".   The complicating factor in Baxter's upward mobility is that Sheldrake's mistress is Fran Kubelik, the office elevator girl with whom Baxter is already smitten. Since Shirley MacLaine is still quite active in movies today, it's often hard to remember what a charming, effervescent gamine she was before she starred in her own elephantine movies in the sixties. As MacLaine still is, she can be a wonderful actress, and she plays Fran effectively as a beaten victim of unwise love with a palpable depth of self-loathing. It's a lovely, unassuming performance, and the first conversation between Baxter and Fran in the elevator is quite sweet. But it is Lemmon, who dominates the picture with his affable demeanor and ironic sincerity. In anybody else's hands, Baxter would have been a put-upon schnook who deserves being punished for facilitating extramarital affairs in his apartment. Instead, Lemmon injects so much of his innate humanism into Baxter that the slow recovery of his conscience in the face of Fran's suicide attempt makes you happy with the inevitable ending.  He also gives the first indication of the fine dramatic actor he was to become in his subsequent heavier films, "Days of Wine and Roses" and "Save the Tiger". Comparatively speaking, it's a modest addition to the Wilder filmography but one that does pierce the heart unexpectedly while making you laugh.     