 As he proves again and again, Tim Burton is one of the more idiosyncratic filmmakers around, directing movies that alternate between remarkable and exasperating. Even with the shadow imposed by the 1971 version with Gene Wilder, Roald Dahl's classic children's story turns out to be the ideal vehicle for Burton's singular talents. Casting his muse, Johnny Depp, as the reclusive, pixilated Willy Wonka turns out to be a masterstroke as Depp is among the most audacious of screen actors constantly upending our expectations on how he plays his roles. Pitching his character as a rather perturbed cross between Mister Rogers and Pee Wee Herman (though the parallels with Michael Jackson are self-evident from the get-go), Depp is far from endearing as he is deliberately disconnected from any reality so he can focus solely on his own childish delights. At the same time, his hubris is what ironically makes him sympathetic as his insulated upbringing has allowed his innate brilliance to give rise to an elaborate confectionary factory.  Skillfully adapted by John August, Dahl's tale focuses on a poor, good-hearted boy named Charlie, who lives with his close-knit family in a squalid cottage in a permanent leaning position. The home is just a stone's throw away from Wonka's factory. Wonka decides one day to hold a worldwide contest in which five children will win a guided tour of his factory hidden from the prying eyes of the public all these years. The children are chosen by way of golden tickets hidden in five Wonka chocolate bars, and of course, after much struggle, Charlie is one of the lucky five. Except for Charlie, each child turns out to be a brat, and their accompanying guardians show the reason why. The terrorizing children are gluttonous Augustus Gloop; spoiled Veruca Salt; ultra-competitive Violet Beauregarde; and condescending techno-geek Mike Teavee. Wonka's guided tour is the highlight of the film replete with elaborate sets by Alex McDowell, dazzling cinematography by Philippe Rousselot and what looks to be an army of artists and technicians who have created this wildly imaginative world with a unique sense of panache. Special mention needs to go to Deep Roy, who thanks to digital magic, synchronistically plays all 165 Oompa-Loompas, a herculean effort if ever there was one in film acting.  The overdubbed voice of Danny Elfman provides the Oompa-Loompas' vocalizing during the elephantine production numbers, and his genre-spanning music is a total kick. Elfman mimics various pop music styles to define the fates of the selfish children, from the blaring Earth, Wind and Fire-type horns for Violet to the Beach Boys harmonies for Veruca to the Queen overlays for Mike. As skillful as Depp is, Freddie Highmore - reunited with Depp more fruitfully than last year's "Finding Neverland" - provides the emotional focal point of the story with quiet conviction. The story takes a bit of a Freudian leap with the introduction of Wonka's father to explain Willy's oddly alienating behavior, but it all works within the context of the eccentric characters. This one is a genuine delight if not what most would expect from a children's film. The DVD is chock-full of extras with eight different featurettes highlighting various aspects of the production from Elfman's music to Roy's laborious transformation into the Oompa-Loompas, though my favorite is "The Attack of the Squirrels" which follows an army of squirrels through nut-cracking boot camp. Surprisingly, there is no alternate audio commentary track included.     