 What a wild ride this bewildering, almost maddening novel is, and what an intensely creative talent author Haruki Murakami shows here. Make no mistake, this book is a challenge to read unless you are open to mystical characters, supernatural phenomena and a willingness to avoid basic story conventions. The basic outline of the plot will give you some idea. Two main characters drive the story. The first is fifteen-year-old Kafka Tamura, who runs away from his Tokyo home. He is burdened by his father's dire prophecy that Kafka, like Oedipus, would eventually kill him and sleep with his mother and sister, both of whom fled the family home when Kafka was four. He stays alone in a cheap hotel, and after a blackout period, ends up at a shrine with no memory of the last few hours or how his clothes came to be saturated in blood. The second character is Mr. Nakata, a man in his 70s who lives near the Tamura household in Tokyo. He supplements his welfare subsidy by tracing lost cats, and his success rate is excellent because he can, literally, talk to cats. On the surface, Nakata is a simpleton, unable to read or write, since his memory has been wiped out during WWII by a paranormal incident in the local woods.  Both Kafka and Nakata find themselves in the middle of incomprehensible, sometimes shocking events. In fact, their parallel quests eventually merge, as Nakata feels his way toward realizing his destiny, which is entwined with those of not only Kafka but also Miss Saeki, a fiftyish library director whom Kafka meets on his journey, and get this, the ghost of her at age fifteen. In certain ways, the book is a primer on existentialism, but Murakami does not weigh down his story with heavy, complex arguments about the universe. Instead, he uses his surreal writing style as a means to get to the heart of a poignant question posed by Kafka, who never got over being abandoned by his mother and continues to wonder if being alone means being free. The journey that both Kafka and Nakata take is purposeful, though marred at times by Murakami's intentional excesses, such as bringing to life such advertising images as Johnnie Walker and Colonel Sanders to play pivotal plot devices. That's when the author's stylized world becomes rather contrived and the narrative even more convoluted as a result. Regardless, it's a powerful read overall for those willing to take this wild toad of a metaphysical ride.     