 Professor Stuart Hart's thoughtful treatise on sustainable and accessible economic growth provides a nice complement to his mentor's similarly themed study, C. K. Prahalad's "The Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid", which I read myself last month. Both tackle an intriguing premise, though I think Hart is more successful in developing more realistic solutions to the world's economic ills. From Cornell's Johnson School of Management, the author goes beyond standard globalization theories by recognizing the need for companies to move beyond transparency towards "radical transactiveness", i.e., a willingness to engage and learn from people who hold fundamentally different world views.  He adeptly describes how the macroeconomic shift that brings capitalism and environmentalism together mirrors his personal and not uncommon shift from distrusting capitalism to respecting its power to leverage positive social change. The "greening" revolution of the 1980s demonstrated that companies could profit by employing more environmentally benign processes, such as recycling or waste reduction. But greening, we learn, continues to be a myopic approach, and it became apparent in the last decade that reducing the environmental impact of existing business models would prove insufficient to address the imminent environmental and social crises.  Hart was among those who promoted moving "beyond greening" through "creative destruction" of environmentally and economically wasteful processes, replacing them with environmentally (and economically) beneficial processes. The primary business strategy that promises to arise from the ashes of creative destruction is the BOP ("Bottom of the Pyramid") approach of serving the needs of the poor in ways that are culturally appropriate, environmentally sustainable, and profitable. One key to leveraging the BOP market strategy is for multinational corporations to become more indigenous to the culture and people they support locally.  The example of Nike's World Shoe is instructive. The US sports shoe company saw clearly that China's consumers presented an enormous potential market for trainers priced at $10-$15 a pair. The company, however, made a fundamental mistake in choosing to use the same factories, business partners and channels used for its $150 Air Maxx. The result is that the bargain shoe never took off. At the same time, the fact that Nike made the attempt is laudable. With careful scrutiny and ample evidence, the author questions whether many multinationals have the skills to discern the unexpressed needs of consumers in distant, developing economies. Moreover, even if they have recognized the opportunity, these same companies need to transform their business models to be readily available to deliver the right products and services in these markets at an appropriate price.  Hart's penetrating book touches upon its most controversial aspect in applying his reasoning to the problem of terrorism. He considers terrorism a symptom of the more primary underlying problem of unsustainable development culminating of course, with 9/11 when terrorists used violence to attack the symbolic epicenter of capitalism, the World Trade Center. Since violence begets violence, Hart emboldens himself to ask we look to the terrorists' target, not their tactics, to solve the problem. Reforming capitalism to create sustainable global enterprise may hold the key to eradicating the underlying problems of poverty and exploitation that breed terrorism while simultaneously reversing the looming environmental crises. It's a bold premise but one we cannot afford to ignore. This is smart, indispensable reading.     