 Having just enjoyed Leif Ove Andsnes' dramatically effective playing on his recording of Schubert's "Winterreise" with tenor Ian Bostridge, I wanted to see if I could enjoy his work without the accompaniment of a voice. With this recording, I can more fully appreciate the virtuoso trills and runs and overall warmth he brings to these two Mozart concertos. The two pieces make an interesting contrast: the Ninth seems darker with an almost epic feel, while Concerto #18 is far livelier and more expressive. In particular, the middle Andantino section of the Ninth has a haunting quality, almost like a dirge, where Andsnes plays with such mournful feeling that he replaces what would have surely been a moaning voice. However, both concertos still contain a generous number of Mozart's trademark credenzas, which provide a familiar sparkle to the overall performance. The brief CD booklet lends some interesting insight into the origins of the pieces, as Mozart apparently wrote each for two different female musicians to play. The emotional, almost airy freedom and harmonic colorations expressed in #18 seems to attest to this apocryphal fact, as a blind and prodigiously pianist named Maria Theresia Paradis is said to have introduced it in Paris in 1784.  The superb Norwegian Chamber Orchestra creates a strong and fulsome sound on both concertos, melding horns, woodwinds and strings to great effect. Andsnes responds by performing with great precision and stays true to the composer's familiar musical style with a genuine period flavor. I doubt if purists would be disappointed. The recording also captures the ideal tonal balance between Andsnes and the other musicians so that neither is overwhelmed by the other, a true ensemble. In fact, the aural qualities are so perfect that there are times when I was hoping for a little more adventurousness in approach, something that would challenge our perceptions of Mozart's music. To some degree, what the disc lacks is a truly individual mark that would make it transcendent, but give Andsnes some time to hone his obviously tremendous talent into something truly memorable. As it stands though, it's a very well planned and impeccably performed recording and not to slight it, but it makes the perfect background music for a Sunday brunch.     