 With the plethora of bad talk shows on the air (Ellen and Letterman excepted), I happen to think Terry Gross stands out as one of the best interviewers around. I tune into NPR just to listen to her Fresh Air program every chance I get in the evenings, which to be honest, is not very often. That's why it's a particular joy that she has decided to transcribe verbatim 39 of her favorite interviews in this book.  Even though she excludes political figures and consequently some of her most cutting comments, she includes some intriguing people from the arts world as she culls from broadcasts going back to 1988. The result is a series of fascinating insights into celebrities who may not have struck you as all that interesting in the first place.  What really shines through these conversations is the level of preparation that Gross brings to bear on each interview. Her excellent questions are obviously the fruit of her tenacious research, and her extensive broadcast experience shows how she is prepared for any situation no matter how potentially sweat-inducing. For example, she makes mincemeat of KISS bassist Gene Simmons in spite of her best efforts to deflect the verbal sparring he was intent on displaying mainly at her expense. But others come off quite well. Jodie Foster is obviously sharp and open about the repercussions of John Hinckley's attempt to assassinate President Ronald Reagan, since he was supposedly obsessed with her performance in "Taxi Driver". Dustin Hoffman is surprisingly introspective, as are Nicolas Cage and even the eccentric Dennis Hopper. My favorite piece is with pulp novelist Mickey Spillane, who reveals how he was beaten up constantly as a child for the Buster Brown pageboy haircut his mother insisted on giving him. He explains that's why he wore a crewcut into his seventies. Some of the subjects are less well known to the mass audience, such as Mary Woronov, Joyce Johnson or Mary Carr, so they won't resonate with everyone. And I actually would have liked more of her own personal insight interspersed with the interviews themselves. Nonetheless, this is quite a fun read and highly recommended for fans of Gross.     