 It is certainly worth reading a book from someone who can translate a simple coffee experience from a modest 100 stores to over 4,000 locations and concurrently bolster one of the most recognizable brands in the retail world. In fact, at a phenomenal rate of three stores opening every day, Starbucks has the ambitious goal of having over 30,000 global locations thanks to the initial out-of-the-box thinking of Arthur Rubinfeld. As the former EVP of Store Development for Starbucks, he is probably best known for his role in that company's rapid expansion. With his impressive track record, Rubinfeld, who co-wrote the book with Collins Hemingway, manages to weave together broad general principles of retailing with valuable practical advice.  The authors separate the book into four major parts, covering conceptualization and design, strategic planning and execution, the selection of location and innovation. Pervasive throughout this primer is the value Rubinfeld rightfully places on branding, and it is this level of insight which drives the book forward with compelling credibility, as his subsequent career as a brand development consultant for Adidas and Washington Mutual can attest. From this unique perspective, it's fascinating to follow the thought process from store design to location to customer service as a unique differentiator. Every step of the way, Rubinfeld illustrates the paradigm for the value of combining imaginative planning with hard-nosed execution.  Rubinfeld's past careers as both architect and construction manager feed into his concept of using the "design touchstones" of earth, fire, water and air in each store, as they are meant to represent the sequential development of the coffee bean - growth, roasting, brewing and aroma. In fact, the design concepts led by Rubinfeld's vision worked in a way that competitors found it impossible to emulate any individual element through their store designs, much less the cohesive vision Rubinfeld displayed. We learn more granular detail such as the 80/20 rule used at each location, where 80 per cent of every new store could be fitted with a selection of mass-produced standard components with local designers then given the freedom to customize the remaining 20 per cent to meet the conceptual requirement of individuality and sensitivity to environmental factors.  In turn, the stores were being directed to areas selected by both economic and educational demographics for maximum impact. This brings up the most enlightening aspect of the book, real estate, which has arguably been as much a success criteria for Starbucks as the coffee experience itself has been within the store. In telling detail, Rubinfeld explains how the proximity of dry cleaners and video stores has been a decisive success factor for Starbucks in attracting the "going-to-work" traffic generated from people dropping off clothes at the dry cleaners on their way to work and the "coming-from-work" traffic picking up movies from Blockbuster. He understandably advocates always locating a store near other tenants who attract a more affluent customer base than one would associate with the store itself. Consequently, Starbucks avoids locating stores in close proximity to fast food chains because these restaurants generally draw a less affluent customer.  These are great nuggets of insight for any small business owner or even a larger retail chain in need of economic rejuvenation. It's arguable that the Starbucks formula can be effectively duplicated in other commerce arenas, but regardless, Rubinfeld and Hemingway have come up with a very hands-on manual for the would-be entrepreneurial retail brand builder that I would consider invaluable. Even if you are reading this tome from the perspective of a Starbucks consumer, it makes for an intriguing read on how you are being drawn to their stores in the most methodically effective manner.     