 What I like most about this 2005 film is also ironically what I don't like about it - the untidiness of human foibles within a family and how decisions trigger actions we can't predict. Writer-director Noah Baumbach fully captures the messiness of divorce that feels authentic, no surprise since the story draws on his own family as inspiration. As the son of two writers himself, Village Voice film critic Georgia Brown and novelist Jonathan Baumbach, he knows firsthand the trauma and emotional toll that divorce has on all the participants, in particular, the children. The untidy nature of the situation, however, seems to extend to his storytelling skills as a writer.  The film's premise is straightforward, even though the narrative structure often is not, as the story focuses on sixteen-year old Walt and twelve-year old Frank, the two sons of Bernard and Joan Berkman, married writers living in Brooklyn circa 1986 who decide to separate. The intellectually driven though emotionally isolated couple decides on a contrived joint-custody arrangement where the two boys shuttle back and forth between the family homestead in Park Slope and the rundown apartment the father takes across town. The dynamics causing the break-up are clear - Bernard was once a successful novelist sliding toward obscurity as a creative writing professor, while Joan is starting to enjoy success as a professional novelist. What's more and what Baumbach captures expertly with some sharp dialogue and character nuance, Bernard is an elitist suffering from wounded pride over his failure as both writer and breadwinner, while Joan is rather passive-aggressive in her emotional abandonment of Bernard and her inevitable adultery.  Baumbach has fortunately recruited two fine actors to play these roles. As Bernard, Jeff Daniels, whom I briefly saw do an execrable Richard Dreyfuss impression in the TV-movie update of "The Goodbye Girl" before his sharp cameo in George Clooney's "Goodnight and Good Luck.", is not afraid to show the unlikable nature of his ego-centric character and achieves resonance in letting us peek at the pained man inside. It's a refreshingly fearless turn by an actor who hasn't done anything this interesting since Woody Allen's "The Purple Rose of Cairo". I like to think of Bernard as an older, more cynical and severely hardened version of his Flap Horton in James Brooks's "Terms of Endearment", that is, if Flap actually made it as a writer. In the less showy but equally unsentimental role of Joan, Laura Linney once again proves she is among the top echelon of screen actresses today with her piercing intelligence coming through her often bedraggled appearance.  The two sons naturally take sides once their lives are impacted. In the difficult role of belligerent Walt, Jesse Eisenberg performs admirably as his often intolerable character shares his father's self-serving anger at his mother's success, blaming her unilaterally for the divorce. Owen Kline (son of Kevin) plays Frank in a more open-faced but sadly subversive manner, as his young character copes through unbridled gulps of alcohol and exhibitionistic masturbation. On the sidelines are a couple of surprisingly effective performances - William Baldwin (yes, that Billy Baldwin) tweaking his own superficial stereotype as a local tennis pro who plays an unexpected role with the Berkmans, and Anna Paquin - who ironically played Daniels's daughter in the family film, "Fly Away Home" - as a coquettish coed who unwisely moves into an extra room in Bernard's apartment.  Surprisingly, this is one of those films that actually feels too truncated at only 88 minutes, and consequently, there are lapses in the film that make it feel more like a series of episodes than a story that has a point to convey, especially as the ending feels abrupt and confusing. There is also one gaping plot hole regarding a song Walt claims to have composed and then sings at a school talent night. Amazingly, no one openly recognizes the song as the Disc Two opener from Pink Floyd's classic 20-million selling double album, "The Wall" until later. Moreover, the metaphor posed by the title seems to be left to the viewer to interpret, but I feel Baumbach makes the symbolism too tentative. Regardless, the acting carries the day here.     