 Having spent 23 years with the CIA becoming one of their most decorated officers, author Gary Berntsen knows something about bureaucracy. As the man in charge of coordinating the fight against the Taliban forces around Kabul and continuing the drive toward Tora Bora, he led CIA and Special Operations Forces and raised an astounding 2,000 Afghan fighters, all with the primary purpose of finding bin Laden. Arriving in Afghanistan in the fall of 2001, he played a critical role in directing the offensive that broke the back of the Taliban and scattered the al-Qaeda. More pertinently, as commander of the Jawbreaker unit, he always had the latest intelligence on bin Laden's whereabouts. In other words, the author has the credentials to provide a perspective on the war on terrorism.  This preamble is crucial in understanding the vital information Berntsen, along with co-writer Ralph Pezzullo, brings to the table with this no-hold-barred book. The revelations come with surges of adrenaline, as his book careens from CIA war rooms to diplomatic offices to mountaintop enclaves in lightning-quick passages. The result is a fulsome portrait of terrorism-infused warfare unprecedented in its scope. In vivid detail, Berntsen describes how he helped to provide coordinates for American air-strikes and collected computers from bombed-out Al-Qaeda hiding places. He had to negotiate with Afghan warlords and Taliban traitors, all the while plotting to save hostages about to be used as pawns. In the most dramatic and ultimately frustrating section of the book, Berntsen tells of cornering bin Laden in the Tora Bora mountains and what happened when he begged his superiors in Washington to block the al-Qaeda leader's last avenue of escape. Sadly, even though bin Laden was almost in sight, Franks and Dell Daily, Director of the Joint Special Operations Command, could not get approval from Washington to move on the information in order to deploy US troops for eventual capture.  The book provides the most value in assessing the CIA's capabilities especially in conjunction with the talents offered by U.S. military special operations forces. According to Berntsen, there are times when the CIA can move fast and innovate quickly given the right direction. On the other hand, as former CIA analyst Michael Scheurer revealed in his compelling treatise, "Imperial Hubris", Berntsen demonstrates how the CIA can be a faltering, risk-averse institution doomed to failure. His bottom line is that the CIA leadership at the time, George Tenet and Director of Operations Jim Pavitt, pulled the plug on the proposed operation at Tora Bora. They apparently felt there was greater potential for success in searching for weapons of mass destruction than in hunting down bin Laden. Hindsight can certainly be 20/20, but the judgment skills of Tenet and Pavitt seem particularly weak given the overwhelming evidence Berntsen provides in the book. Unfortunately, the revelation for the rest of us is a sad one - that the CIA leadership team in no different than the Ken Lays and Jeff Skillings of the corporate world when it comes to acting upon self-serving motivations. Even global terrorism takes a back seat to self-preservation of the current administration. It's a fiery, maddening read thanks to Berntsen's pugnacious prose and a most invaluable one as well.     