 On December 11, 1964, 34 year-old singing legend Sam Cooke was shot dead in an early morning altercation with the night manager at a seedy motel in Los Angeles. What always seemed to me like a sudden and useless tragedy now has some grounding and a sense of preconceived destiny thanks to music historian Peter Guralnick's thorough and often compelling biography. At over 750 pages, the tome most definitely has some overkill on the details of his life, but through it all, Guralnick makes sense of the singer's psyche in a way that makes his talent and career resonate today. On the surface, much like Harry Belafonte, Cooke was a good-looking, hugely successful entertainer popular with both black and white audiences in the late fifties and early sixties. The author paints a portrait of a supremely ambitious man who was more than willing to crossover to enjoy the level of success experienced by the likes of Sammy Davis Jr. and Johnny Mathis. In fact, Cooke was a headliner at the Copa and English concert stages, maneuvering his mellifluous voice around saccharine arrangements of dull standards geared toward white audiences.  However, this artistic dead end was countered by his own arrangements for earthier shows at venues like the Apollo and the Harlem Square Club. It is at these places that he went back to his gospel roots and fully employed his trademark vocal delivery to capture the spirit in a decidedly secular way. At the same time, Cooke became friendly with the galvanizing figures of the evolving civil rights movement including Malcolm X and Cassius Clay, as he refused to acquiesce to Jim Crow racism or to Black Muslim radicalism. Yet, the most interesting parts of Guralnick's exhaustive book relate to Cooke's upbringing and early career. Moving from Mississippi to Chicago's South Side, Cooke performed before congregations with his siblings as the Singing Children. It was training that launched his gospel career first with the Highway QCs and then with the legendary Soul Stirrers.  Not only was he a successful entertainer but also a trail-blazing entrepreneur, as he founded his own independent label, SAR, where he helped develop the careers of future stars such as Bobby Womack, Lou Rawls and Johnnie Taylor. This venture did not prevent him from struggling with his hybrid identity constantly reconciling the demands of the white record-buying public with his roots in gospel and his desire to explore new sounds. His most popular hits were deceptively simple - "You Send Me", "Wonderful World", "Chain Gang", "Cupid", "Another Saturday Night", "Shake", "Bring It on Home to Me", "Having a Party" - yet they remain memorable for their perfect blend of melody and lyrical hooks. Cooke, however, was restless to make a more meaningful mark, and one of his last songs, the posthumously released, stirring civil-rights anthem, "A Change Is Gonna Come", was clear indication of this ambition.  Even though he was a visionary and a devoted friend and brother, Cooke had his demons according to Guralnick - he was by all accounts, a philandering husband and absent father and someone who exposed a violent streak in a lightning-quick moment. He was also purportedly a sex addict whose excesses peppered and plagued his career. Consequently, his mystifying death in that motel does have roots with the numerous measured accounts Guralnick has gathered of Cooke's anger, remoteness, ruthlessness and lifelong womanizing. The author has done an excellent job in filling in a lot of the blanks in Sam Cooke's persona that made him not only a great star but a tragic figure. Fortunately, because of his obvious admiration for Cooke's accomplishments, the author does not belabor the latter at the expense of the former.     