 This may be the strangest memoir I ever liked, and I'm not even sure about the veracity of the story. The author's humor has a twisted sense that a reader can either ride with or be appalled by...take your pick. It seems a shame to take the latter route, as the story evolves in many unexpected and delightful ways. It focuses on a young boy named a little more than coincidentally, Augusten, who is abandoned by his narcissistic, aspiring poetess mother to live with her cavalier psychiatrist, Dr. Finch. From there, the book is about his journey to manhood recognizing himself as gay, but it goes into directions heretofore unknown due to Augusten's unusual sensibility. At times, it can be unsettling, especially when he mistakenly seeks out Dr. Finch for parental advice. Here's an example of the doctor's nurturing wisdom...When Augusten complains he can't get along with others in school, the doctor suggests he attempt suicide so he can be admitted to an institution and get out of school for several months.  The black humor, however, is what saves the novel from going into the trash bin. Let it be said that there are parts of this story that are pretty much guaranteed to disgust you, for example, the idea of a Masturbatorium to treat Augusten's delusional mother or Dr. Finch's study of his own feces to find the will of God. But you have to hand it to author Augusten Burroughs to take charge of this (or is it his?) painful childhood and turn it on its head for laughs and provocative thought. You can't help but smile for a boy whose greatest concern is the maintenance of his perfect Ken-doll hair and whose most vivid dream is one day to rule over his own Vidal Sassoon-like beauty empire.  Unlike more traditional books like John Knowles' "A Separate Peace", John Irving's "The Cider House Rules" or even J.D. Salinger's "Catcher in the Rye", this is no emotion-driven coming-of-age novel filled with self-revelations that are easily identifiable. Yet Burroughs' book is oddly introspective even as Augusten grows up totally lacking moral responsibility and constantly shifting the blame for his strange actions to his mother or father. In certain ways, the main character reminds me of the autistic teenaged protagonist who showed a similar lack of insight into the human condition in Mark Haddon's wonderful "The Curious Incident of the Dog at Night-Time". Only in this case, there is no literally convenient label of a medical diagnosis for Augusten. For lack of a better term, he is just plain weird. Highly recommended but read the first twenty pages to see if you are going to appreciate the uniquely creative perspective of this author.     