 This is a fascinating documentary made all the more exceptional by Errol Morris' unique filmmaking style, an uncanny ability to allow his subjects to reveal their inner truths without forcing them out. Constructed around two three-hour, sit-down interviews, this film focuses on the 85-year old Robert McNamara, former Secretary of Defense under JFK and LBJ and still very much a controversial historical figure for his purported role in escalating the Vietnam War. Filmed in 2001 but released last year, it avoids the feel of a purely "talking head" approach by including haunting archival footage and rare, unheard audio tapes, all accompanied by Phillip Glass' melancholy score, the combination of which makes for riveting, sometimes troubling viewing.  One particularly difficult episode has nothing to do with the Vietnam War. It's about his role on General Curtis LeMay's team during WWII, when the frighteningly hawkish LeMay decided to firebomb 67 Japanese cities, killing 100,000 Tokyo civilians in one night alone in 1945. Ghostly numbers appear with visuals of falling bombs, while McNamara breaks down as he describes the horror, fully realizing the extent of his war crimes had the Japanese been victorious. Even though the raids received less press than the atomic bomb drops, they took as many casualties. McNamara offers no apology, but does "empathize with the enemy", one of his eleven key lessons, even showing some personal remorse for his accountability. In fact, later under JFK, he recognized how Khrushchev wanted to avert war while saving face during the Cuban missile crisis, and consequently avoided a colder war than had existed. But McNamara failed to apply this lesson to Vietnam. When asked whether he feels any guilt about his role in Vietnam, he clams up and states that he's already said all he's going to say about it. Yet, he breaks down again when he recalls the impact of the Vietnam War on his wife and three children, all opposed to the war. He goes so far as to acknowledge that the traumas associated with his tenure as secretary may have ultimately killed his wife. It is a painful and poignant moment, but McNamara feels compelled, even when stricken with grief, to footnote that moment with the disclosure that they "were some of the best years of our life" and that "all members from my family benefited" from his days in Washington.  The film gets rather gun-shy (pardon the pun) when explaining the relevance of lesson #9 ("Never apply military force unilaterally") to the current Iraqi conflict. Morris actually goes to great lengths to point out that this comment has nothing to do with Iraq or 9/11, and McNamara refuses to make his life lessons relevant to current U.S. military policy and speak against the assault on Iraq.  Even more than his actual words are the posture and oratory style by which McNamara expresses his viewpoints and recalls events. Didactic and always in control, McNamara asserts his intelligence lucidly, and despite his age, he seems to be in perfect command of his memory. Physically, he is unsurprisingly frailer nearly forty years after the Kennedy and Johnson administrations. There are moments of honest reflection that Morris captures unobtrusively, and McNamara remains amazingly alert, articulate and at times, charming. It does seem ironic that lesson #11 ("You can't change human nature') even suggests the possibility that the previous ten lessons are meaningless. McNamara himself says, "Never answer the question that is asked of you. Answer the question that you wished had been asked of you." This seems to sum up his participation in this documentary, as he answers what he wants and ignores the rest, the same approach he has taken in justifying Vietnam. A complicated man piercingly captured by a master filmmaker.     