 It's not such earth-shattering news that there is something awry about the precarious checks and balances upon which the three branches of the U.S. government are designed to keep an eye on each other. Author Mark Levin takes on the Supreme Court with emotional gusto and portrays the judicial arm of the government as a tyranny of monopolistic power threatening the very foundation of our constitution. He sees the Court evolving into a legislative agency rather than fulfilling its intended role as the interpreter of the laws. It's an intriguing premise to take a peek behind the black robes (though not as funny as the nude centerfolds of the justices in Jon Stewart's "America: The Citizen's Guide to Democracy Inaction") but one often caught in hyperbole, no surprise since Levin is by profession, a talk show host who mistakes such tactics as passionate discourse.  To his credit, the author does bear the weight of thoughtful research when he looks, for example, at the Supreme Court's willingness to abrogate the First Amendment through upholding the Bipartisan Campaign Finance Reform Act. He provides some compelling evidence of how the Court has overstepped its bounds on many occasions, in particular, by expanding the power of the federal government vis--vis several states to enforce certain rulings. The author feels this encroaching sense of power has ignited issues such as abortion, immigration, civil rights for terrorists, religious liberty, affirmative action, pornography and election law, beyond what would have made sense within the Constitution's framework.  But the stacked deck approach he takes, dubbing the Court "radicals in robes", seems to oversimplify what he feels are the justices' directive to impose their policy preferences on society.  Levin should be commended for undertaking such a worthy effort with such vigor, and I have to give credit to him for explaining why certain cases should not have happened in light of what the Constitution says. I just wish he spent less time on what he perceives to be the problem with the current Court and more time on what he feels should remedy it. The book could have resonated with me much more if he was more solution-driven in his approach.     