 For those like me who fear a case of flop sweat when facing an inquisitive audience after a speech, this book is a helpful primer mainly for the recognizable examples author Jerry Weissman brings up to illustrate his valid points. At a brisk pace with great observational detail, Weissman covers his methodology in a clear, concise manner that makes one realize that some specific guiding principles can greatly impact the effectiveness of a speaker.  He uses legendary moments, mostly from televised debates, where the speaker did well and also those infamous situations where the speaker missed an opportunity to shine or even just to recover from an unexpected volley. The former is well illustrated by Bill Clinton's response during one of the 1992 Presidential debates to a woman who asked how the national recession affected him personally, and the latter by the senior Bush's fumbling response to the same inquiry. Weissman makes an intriguing and credible analogy between his methodology and techniques taken from the martial arts, where it becomes an almost spiritual exercise that evolves into an art. For example, he states that a speaker needs to set a time limit (or make an excuse to end the session after only a few questions); control the traffic (by raising one's own hand to ask for questions); and never personalize unless one knows every single name of that audience.  Some pointers seem so sensible that they often escape our consciousness while we are preoccupied with how we are perceived - for example, making questioners feel like you heard them, resisting the constant urge to think of the answer while the questioner is still talking (Bush's fundamental mistake in the above example), and creating a buffer between the question and how one expresses an answer, again to avoid the personalization that will ultimately alienate the questioner. Moreover, the author shows how responding cleanly to violations of these principles can be effective counter moves as well. The use of the "topspin" is a perfect illustration, and none better exemplified than Lloyd Bentsen's classic topspin using Dan Quayle's own personal comparison with John Kennedy against him by stating the classic line..."Senator, I served with Jack Kennedy, I knew Jack Kennedy, Jack Kennedy was a friend of mine. Senator, you are no Jack Kennedy."  Make no mistake that Weissman is not writing a pro-Democrat political treatise - Reagan is praised understandably as a master of this art, just as much as Clinton. Weismann also points out Gore, both Bush Sr. and Jr. and even Quayle as men who improved their debating skills considerably after exposing earlier shortcomings. The author reserves his greatest praise in the last chapter to General Schwarzkopf in his handling of military tactics during the highly controversial Desert Storm conflict in 1991.  Nonetheless, I have to admit what I enjoyed most was reliving the classic "Bob Newhart Show" episode where the meek psychologist, Dr. Hartley, was grilled mercilessly by a sadistic talk show host in sheep's clothing, the infamous Ruth Corley. The entire dialogue is reprinted here in hilarious detail, yet Weismann is smart enough to illustrate how exactly Hartley tied the noose around his own neck. A sharp, easy-to-read and entertaining book well worth studying.     