 Worried that the hype surrounding James Frey's autobiographical book was just that, I approached his Oprah-selection book with some trepidation, but I am pleased to report that this is indeed a must-read, a genuinely absorbing, often harrowing account of one man's addiction and recovery process. His idiosyncratic writing style - full of curtailed paragraphs, stream-of-consciousness meandering, punctuation and capitalization that would drive Lynne Truss up the wall - initially smacked of posturing, but it gains strength from his rigorous honesty.  His voice reminds me of Ken Kesey's "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" as if Randle P. McMurphy were narrating his own story. However, the sight of the 23-year old Frey must have been even more brutalizing. At the outset, he is missing four of his front teeth, has a broken nose and cheekbone, and there is a hole in his cheek large enough for him to stick two of his fingers through. His clothes are covered with all his internal bile, self-induced liquids that come up quite often throughout the book. His nightmares are inhabited with alcohol, crack-cocaine and crystal-meth, and when he awakens, he vomits chunks of stomach wall into the toilet.  Getting himself to a renowned treatment center (Hazelden in real life though the institution remains anonymous in the book), Frey goes through a series of medical evaluations and is told in order to live, he will need to give up a ten-year addiction to alcohol and a three-year addiction to crack. Battling thoughts of suicide by drug abuse, he fluctuates from enraged to hopeless and back again. However, the book is not entirely unrelenting, as Frey injects a biting black humor that allows him to plumb the emotional depths while letting the reader absorb his invectives as almost poetic profanity.  The recovery scenes have the raw feel of people under pressure as they are forced to co-exist with their faults fully exposed to their fellow inmates. Frey provides sharp portraits such as Miles, the weak-willed, black Federal circuit court judge; Leonard, the thoughtful mobster who does not seem what he appears to be; and most incisively, Roy, who takes an instant dislike to Frey. This is all contrasted effectively with his affluent upbringing and perfectly attired parents, who are certainly no the villains of the piece but somehow enablers nonetheless. Frey is far from a victim of neglect though as his atypically hell-bent past included torturing fellow children when he was young, forcing a girl in college to snort cocaine off his penis and almost beating a priest to death.  Although the outcome is obvious, Frey keeps the readers in suspense by convincingly putting us into his own addled, addicted mind. Perhaps most controversially to the consternation of AA and other established treatment programs, Frey reasonably scorns twelve-step programs and embraces Taoism, and his overriding honesty with himself - that he is an alcoholic, addict and criminal - gives the reader the sense a fortifying will that he claims will keep him clean. He has apparently kept up his discipline a decade later. This is a lacerating and ultimately poignant memoir of a man whose identity means nothing to us at the beginning but takes on the guise of everyman at the end. That is an accomplishment in itself.     