 The seemingly split personality between international film auteur Takeshi Kitano and TV personality/movie actor "Beat" Takeshi has intrigued me since I saw his wondrous 2000 road movie, "Kikujiro", right after one of the ridiculously dubbed episodes of his game show, "Most Extreme Elimination Challenge" (a.k.a. "Takeshi's Castle"). What appears common between the two selves is the unpredictability of his technique and his quirky sense of humor. Film critic Casio Abe has done a thorough job in examining both halves of the man in question with a series of meticulously written essays that illuminate Kitano's artistic motivations and the native culture that embraces him wholeheartedly. "Kikujiro", as it turns out, is something of an anachronism in Kitano's filmography since he is known by Westerners for developing his own film noir aesthetic with its stylized violence and narrative idiosyncrasies. You can tell from the book why his approach is revered by directors such as Martin Scorcese, John Woo and especially Quentin Tarantino, who seems to follow similar themes in his films.  As a true Japanese film connoisseur, Abe tends to get didactic in his meticulous descriptions of scenes and character motivations within Kitano's movies. For example, his comments about Kitano transcending Beat Takeshi move toward a philosophical discussion that borders on pretentious. The author's praise sometimes gets a little too effusive, but it's a forgivable indulgence since only the most serious fan of Kitano's work would read this book.  Regardless, it's fortunate that this work has been translated into English since Kitano's worldwide audience has been building steadily for the past decade. Abe includes several excerpts from Kitano interviews and paints as complete a portrait of the filmmaker as possible. Originally published in 1994, the graphically pleasing softbound book has been augmented with a series of more recent magazine articles that focus on his most recent work. This is an excellent overview of Kitano's work for those who have been lucky enough to expose themselves to his artistry.     