 Similar to an anonymous CIA officer's account of intelligence lapses in "Imperial Hubris: Why the West is Losing the War on Terror", this book is a sizzler almost told as a morality tale with sadly no ending to echo the moral the author espouses. Senator Bob Graham (D-Florida), former 2004 Presidential hopeful, has joined the growing ranks who have written well-timed books to reflect their disgust and confusion over the constant deceptions that seem to entangle the Bush administration in its bid for re-election. Graham has much in common with Senator Robert Byrd (D-West Virginia), who similarly derides the current administration in his recent book, "Losing America: Confronting a Reckless and Arrogant Presidency". That book places more focus on the President's complete disregard for the U.S. Constitution and uses historical references to back up his claims. However, Graham, joined by former Gore speechwriter Jeff Nussbaum, has a more immediate target in mind, the allegedly close and protective relationship between the Bush family and the Saudi government. The consequences of this connection, according to Graham, have now resulted in over one thousand casualties in Iraq. In particular, he assails the Bush administration for the charade that is the Iraqi war, for failing to address the real war on terrorism and for ignoring a Saudi-funded al-Qaeda network that remains largely intact here in the U.S. Damning charges but ones he meticulously backs up in this book.  This Bush-Saudi connection is the same subject that Michael Moore emphasizes during the middle portion of "Fahrenheit 9/11". In both cases, it is difficult to deny that much of what he does claim is at minimum strangely coincidental and at worst immoral. Whereas Moore is mainly flippant in his approach, Graham is quite sober and provides a perspective commensurate with a conscience-stricken political insider tasked almost impossibly with investigating the full impact of the terrorist threat. After all, he was the co-chair of the joint House-Senate panel investigating 9/11 prior to the formation of the broader commission that resulted in the phenomenal "9/11 Commission Report". Interestingly, that book claims no connection exists between the Saudis and the 9/11 terrorists. Graham, however, provides compelling evidence that proves otherwise, in particular, the funding of two of the 9/11 hijackers by the Saudi government and the abrupt movement of forces from the bin Laden manhunt in Afghanistan to the more nebulous political landscape of Iraq, a move that surprised even General Tommy Franks.  The most intriguing and explosive charge in the book is the U.S.-based support network for al-Qaeda, as the war with Iraq has provided a helpful distraction to the detection of these individuals. Even members of the 9/11 Commission acknowledge that Graham may be right when he says the FBI never fully unraveled a support network that helped the hijackers. This book, coupled with "Imperial Hubris", gives as complete a picture as possible on the whole terrorist issue. "Intelligence Matters" is essential reading as it represents a wake-up call to those from President Bush downward to respond to the crisis of poor intelligence in the face of a serious terrorist threat. No matter how you vote in November, you need to read Senator Graham's account to be more fully informed.     