 It has become all too common that a company's executive management team has not established much less agreed upon strategic priorities upon which the rest of the company can act. The company becomes a series of independent silos that make for complicated matrix management structures and ultimately the inability to have a singular direction. The result is utter mediocrity in performance with a similar reflection on the bottom line. Co-authors Peter Killing and Thomas Malnight, professors of strategy at the renowned International Institute of Management (IMD) in Lausanne, Switzerland, along with longtime strategy consultant Tracey Keys, are looking to break this cycle with this very helpful albeit rather dryly written book. Representing their credentials, they have worked with more than thirty-five management teams to help them develop strategic priorities that make sense for their business and at the same time create energy and shared commitment.  Through this concerted consulting effort, the co-authors have come up with the intriguing concept of must-win battles, known by the foreboding acronym of MWBs, of which there are many for a company to recognize and face. With a constant use of military analogies, they inevitably look beyond the battle to the overall war, or as they call it in a more pacific tone, the must-win battle journey. There are five steps to this journey: (1)--The leader decides that something needs to be done to break the status quo.  (2)--The top team reexamines the current status of the business and the organization. (3)--The top team holds an offsite to identify the MWBs and reaches joint commitment toward action. (4)--A trickle-down effect is triggered from the MWBs, and silos are dismantled to achieve victory. (5)--MWBs continue to be reassessed, and new battles are identified.  The key to success, according to the co-authors, comes down to identifying what the optimal battles are, and they make no bones about what an intensive trial-and-error process this can be for a failing company. In fact, there should be more MWBs on the table than finally pursued, and the end result needs to be tangible in the marketplace and profitable to the company.  The most compelling sections of the book have to do with the messiness of this discovery process and how it cannot be limited to the executive team to identify. Moreover, the co-authors emphasize the criticality of offering practical tools and examples to the organization so that the battles become tangible to everyone. I just wish among the three collaborators that there is a greater sense of passion over the subject since the book can feel a bit too academic to motivate significant change. Regardless, as someone who has been bombarded with ineffectual rhetoric from high above, I recognize how much more valuable it would have been to receive such concrete, stepwise guidance.     