 Unless you're an avid reader of Rolling Stone's retrospective issues, you could easily forget that the Beach Boys were once a great band comparable to the Beatles and that Brian Wilson was considered a musical genius. Certainly the copious notes included in the CD booklet here will vouch for that viewpoint. With Wilson finally completing his legendary "Smile" recording after a 37-year break, interest in the band's recognizable music will likely cause an upswing in sales, especially for this album, long considered the masterpiece of their lengthy career. Inspired by the Beatles' "Rubber Soul", Wilson wanted to make an album that thematically integrated love and even inspirational songs together. He succeeded.  With their soaring, yearning harmonies and sunny California dispositions intact, "Pet Sounds" is still great and made all the more resonant by its sophisticated instrumental arrangements and Wilson's creative musical invention. Songs like "Wouldn't It Be Nice", "God Only Knows", "I Just Wasn't Made for These Times" and "Caroline No" remain classics that go far beyond the aging Gidget set and showcase their amazing abilities as a vocal group. The title track and the especially esoteric "Lets Go Away for Awhile" unearth Wilson's talent for multi-tracking and embracing different musical styles without sacrificing the sound that was essentially the band's own. This CD contains a bonus track, "Hang On To Your Ego", which is actually an alternate take of "I Know There's an Answer", and for die-hard fans, the whole album is repeated in stereo. I still prefer the original mono recordings as they have the pop and crackle that captures a more innocent time in recording, a nostalgic postcard for a band that once had the potential to supplant the Fab Four in creative output. Whereas the Beatles retired amid inner turmoil at the height of their popularity thus assuring their legacy, the Beach Boys languished into a parody of themselves as Wilson was facing demons of his own. But at least there is this one album to treasure.     