 Baritone Nathan Gunn is a marketing dream - a rich, commanding voice that melts effortlessly over the middle and upper registers of his range; classic matinee idol looks; and in his 1999 debut recital disc, a song repertoire that reflects a panorama of American folk songs. Some of the selections are familiar warhorses from a bygone era, but with the exception of a few clinkers, most are unknown gems, a mix of old and new, that deserve a new audience to hear them. Accompanied ably by pianist Kevin Murphy, Gunn shows a great measure of talent here, much as he did in a recent San Francisco Opera production of Benjamin Britten's "Billy Budd" where he performed the title role beautifully. He is obviously capable of covering many music styles, and this recording provides a proper introduction to his talent. What's more, at a basement-priced $6.98, this has to be one of the best bargains on the entire Amazon site.  The disc opens with a haunting rendition of "Shenandoah", which pours forth Gunn's romanticism over Lee Musiker's dramatic arrangement. The song choice is not surprising but the treatment is. Compare Gunn's performance to an equally amazing version by countertenor David Daniels on his 2003 disc, "A Quiet Thing", and you see how the diametrically opposite voice types can wrap themselves around the same song in completely different ways but to the same enthralling romantic effect. Gunn does similar vocal wonders on "I Wonder As I Wander", a considerably slowed down "At the River", an almost spiritual "Long Time Ago" (these two arranged by Aaron Copland) and even the Depression-era standard, "Brother, Can You Spare a Dime?". He fares less well with the somewhat discordant Ned Rorem selections that encourage him to turn up his volume a bit excessively, and with some of the novelty numbers ("Murray the Furrier", the 24-second "Slugging a Vampire"), which seem not so much comic relief as just intrusive. The standout tracks have to be the four Gene Scheer compositions included here - the comically fey "At Howard Hawks' House" (which sounds like something that would have been sung by Ginny Simms in the Hollywood Canteen); the swooning, Sondheim-esque "Holding Each Other"; the movingly patriotic "American Anthem" (which would get my vote to replace the "Star Spangled Banner"); and my personal favorite, the serenely beautiful "Lean Away".  Gunn is on an obvious upward trajectory in the opera and recital worlds; this recording shows he could easily conquer Broadway if he wants to. I look forward to seeing what he will do next.     