 I have to admit this is an entertaining book. One simply needs to adjust to the fact that this book is not a serious treatise on the Bush administration, its policies on the economy and intelligence reform and its controversial approach to terrorism. These are all critical issues we as voters need to acclimate into our own sensibilities given that we have less than two months remaining before the election. If gaining this understanding is your priority, I suggest first reading Senator Bob Graham's sizzling expos, "Intelligence Matters", or a senior CIA officer's comprehensive insider view, "Imperial Hubris". Author Kitty Kelley's book is actually a gossipy, often lugubrious but oddly compelling study in dysfunctional relationships among three generations of a powerful family, a Lone Star version of the Kennedys without the requisite glamour and sex scandals. Reading this book gives me an overwhelming sense of dj vu not because there are identical insights into the Bush dynasty elsewhere, for example, Maureen Dowd's black-humored "Bushworld: Enter at your Own Risk". Actually what Kelley provides in contrast is a chatty, innuendo-filled writing style that is hard to resist. It's as if I'm watching some Aaron Spelling-produced hybrid of "Dallas" and "Dynasty". After all, the story contains all the standard soap opera elements - a distant, nearly pathological relationship between an elitist father and a ne'er-do-well son, a mother who is more Lady Macbeth than June Cleaver and an "East of Eden"-like brotherly competition that somehow converted the family "black sheep" into the 43rd President of the United States. If the book included a catfight in the Tidal Basin and a few scandalous indiscretions in the Lincoln bedroom, then the parallel universe would be basically complete.  This book is being marketed rather inaccurately as investigative reporting, as it really has the same insidious earmarks of Kelley's previous tell-alls on Frank Sinatra, Jacqueline Onassis and Nancy Reagan. She is definitely more at home as a celebrity biographer, so it's a big step for her to tackle an entire intergenerational saga as she does here. The bulk of the book does in fact focus on the previous generations, not the current President. She covers the first Bush's alcoholism, the second Bush's purported adultery and the entire family's elevated sense of entitlement. In piecing together a back story for George W. Bush, Kelley is credible and entertaining even though her book is admittedly an undetermined mix of legitimate and apocryphal sources. Regardless, she exhibits a good journalistic sense knowing what makes sense to include and what to avoid. The one drawback, however, is that the story does not really get us that much closer to what the junior Bush is all about, perhaps an impossible task given the amount of self-imposed spin that seems to buffer him from actual analysis or debate. For example, Kelley spends an inordinate amount of time explaining George W.'s obsession with avoiding his father's mistakes, the ones she documents as leading to his failure to be re-elected, but she doesn't really connect this emotion-based thinking with the decision-making behind the current conflict in Iraq as an affront to the war on terrorism. The much sought-after psychological profile of the President falls somewhat short of expectations as a result. Nonetheless, if you read John O'Neill's and Jerome Corsi's "Unfit for Command: Swift Boat Veterans Speak Out Against John Kerry" as a means to understand Kerry's potential shortcomings as President, then you should probably give equal time to this book to understand what drives the incumbent toward his own failed decisions. At least Kelley knows how to tell a good back story. Can't wait for the mini-series that will be shunted over to Showtime.     