 If there is a corporation intimately familiar with the consequences of communications breakdowns, it's DaimlerChrysler, the high profile merger that rocked the automotive industry in 1998. Former vice chairman and president Thomas Stallkamp - who is given much of the credit for stabilizing the unwieldy result of the consolidated company - lucidly explains his proven collaborative management principles in a crisply written book. His timing seems especially appropriate given the encroaching dominance of China as a global economic power and the increasingly irrelevant ways in which companies traditionally manage their output and people, in particular, the manufacturing and industrial sectors.  Collaboration is the key, according to Stallkamp, and the methodology he espouses is called the Score system. Although his open-communication model is based wholly within his automotive industry experience, he is quick to point out how applicable it is to any company. His model at Chrysler was an incentive program which encouraged suppliers to submit suggestions voluntarily with the goal of realizing cost reductions in doing business with Chrysler. The author goes into how-to mode with ease in describing how to monitor, measure, and track the results of a Score system. For such an idealistically conceived structure, he lends a welcome, credible realism to his perspective by not demanding that all the savings generated by supplier ideas be passed on to the company, that some should be kept by the suppliers to retain their own profit margins.  The whole point is that both supplier and manufacturer benefits from the arrangement. Conversely, Stallkamp does not respect the management arrangement of most finance departments, which work on the principle of hoarding information, rather than sharing it. Stallkamp believes that the adversarial way of doing business prevails most in those industries like retail, the airlines and steel manufacturing, sectors that have been flailing for a while in this country because the myopic perspectives taken by the industry leaders have induced a self-cannibalization effect. With so many companies viewing their supply and demand chains exclusive of their competitors, there are opportunities to expand the category and evolve into an industry leader with Stallkamp's model. The author feels strongly that management needs to work against their tendencies to focus on demanding, information-exclusive ways of working even during crisis periods when reaching out is more important than ever, especially to customers.   Much of the long-term success of the Score model depends on word-of-mouth around a specific company being a better place to do business. Only when that level of awareness occurs does Stallkamp see such a program being self-sustaining. Applying his thinking in the real world, his old company DaimlerChrysler just announced a new management model in late January 2006 which discussed process streamlining and a greater consolidation of corporate functions. A key example cited is the concept of a "project house", where engineers from different divisions work together for the benefit of the whole company and thus reducing administrative costs and escalating benchmark levels. It appears Stallkamp's legacy is assured there.     