 Former New York Times foreign correspondent Stephen Kinzer certainly has no problem putting himself out on a political limb by providing a compelling history of the U.S. involvement in government overthrows over the past century. Surprisingly, there have been fourteen instances of a U.S. President asking for public support to instigate specific regime changes. Although our middle school history textbooks would have us believe it was for the sake of preserving democracy, what Kinzer reveals is that the true motivation lies in preserving the economic interests of American corporations with deeply pocketed investments in the countries and no other recourse but military action. Consequently, in this respect, what George W. Bush is currently doing in Iraq varies little from what has been done time and again in previous administrations. Although Bush espouses the need for bringing democracy to Iraq, even disseminating known erroneous reports of WMDs and reinforcing Iraq's tenuous ties with the al-Qaeda, the real motivation comes from our economic dependence on oil in the region.  Starting with the relatively bloodless dethronement of Queen Lili'uokalani from her imperial role over Hawaii in 1893, the author takes us through a series of similar such government overthrows which often used the arguable threat of opposing political forces to cover the real reason of potential hardship for U.S. economic interests. One by one, he effectively debunks myths, for instance, that Soviet-sponsored subversion really had no impact in Iran, Guatemala and Vietnam in spite of the ongoing rhetoric to the contrary. The more tangible factors have been the valuable commodities at stake if an uncooperative government takes control of these countries - sugar in Hawaii and Cuba, fruit in Guatemala, copper in Chile, bananas in Honduras, oil in Iran and Iraq.  Moreover, Kinzer goes much deeper in his case studies by providing damning evidence that the U.S. government actually undermined democracy in pursuit of economic interests. Particularly fascinating are the comprehensive accounts of CIA-sponsored coups against leaders who were legitimately elected, such as Iran's Mohammad Mossadegh in 1953 (through "Operation Ajax"), Guatemala's Jacobo Arbenz Guzman in 1954 (through "Operation PBSUCCESS") and perhaps most notoriously, Chile's Salvador Allende in 1973 which led to the leader's suicide. For me, the most familiar chapter focuses on how the Vietnam War was sparked by the coup that overthrew Ngo Dinh Diem in 1963, a fatal turning point preceded by the unwelcome U.S. intrusion upon the 1956 elections that prevented the omnipotent Ho Chi Minh from taking power. These interventions led to a lengthy conflict which had U.S. military forces killing two million Vietnamese and the Vietnamese killing 58,000 Americans.  The inevitability of such long-term carnage is what Kinzer questions intensively in his eminently readable book, as he sees the causality clearly as short-term profits for the companies directly impacted at the time of the coups. The author would have us believe that we have the mercenary interests of Standard Oil, Texaco and Mobil to thank for the rise of Muslim fundamentalism in the Middle East and ultimately the attacks on 9/11. Indeed, he has a valid point that the smugness of the U.S. government to presume a regime change will lead directly to an amenable cultural change is hopelessly naive at best. It's interesting to go thorough the author's what-if scenarios at the end of the book to fantasize what could have happened to these countries had the U.S. not intervened. It seems clear that there would have been a lot less carnage even if some companies would have gone belly-up in the interim. It all makes for fascinating reading.     