 Influenced by the likes of Gustav Mahler and Arnold Schoenberg in his youth, German composer and later musical theater wunderkind Kurt Weill wrote his first symphony when he was 21 and full of precocious fervor. It is presented here under the masterful baton of Marin Alsop leading the Bournemouth Symphony Orchestra, and the work is a bold, often dissonant single-movement piece. Over the course of its twenty-seven vibrant minutes, you can feel Weill's innate sense of lyricism in the work, but there is also an adolescent angst that makes the work fascinating within the Weill canon.  Symphony #2, which opens the disc, is a more accomplished work in three distinct movements. He had written it in 1933, twelve years after the first, when he was living as an expatriate in Paris to escape Nazi Germany. His urgent passion is on full display throughout as if a major disaster is looming, and the music is particularly tinged with a bittersweet poignancy in the middle Largo movement.  Yet, it is really the Symphonic Nocturne for his Broadway classic, "Lady in the Dark", that provides the most vivid impression. Arranged by Robert Russell Bennett, it's an elegant suite of six movements, each familiar melody highlighting a different dramatic element of the show. It begins with the touching Andante misterioso "My Ship", which builds gradually into a swooning work, and then lights into the splendidly evocative "Girl of the Moment", the boldly colored bolero, "This Is New", and the all-out dramatic pizzazz of "Dance of the Tumblers". The work ends with a sassy, insinuating and ultimately stentorian version of "The Saga of Jenny". It's a wondrous work given its due by Alsop, who seems to understand Weill's Tin Pan Alley sensibilities as much as his earlier orchestral ones. This is yet another of Naxos's bargain-priced CDs, and like her recent interpretations of John Adams and Philip Glass, it is beautifully recorded at the Concert Hall, Lighthouse in Dorset, UK.  This recording verifies Weill's versatility and Alsop's talent in bringing them to the fore in all their glorious purity.     