 Kenneth Lonergan's script is so poignantly observant that I couldn't help but be impressed by this relatively quiet drama, one that focuses on a mostly overlooked relationship in movies, the delicate connection between brother and sister during their adult years. The story begins abruptly with the auto accident deaths of the main characters' parents, a life-altering incident that serves as the catalyst for all the failures both children experience later in their lives. Of course, the siblings become a study in contrasts. The brother Terry is a drifting ne'er-do-well who refuses to be entangled in anything resembling responsibility since it means he needs to make an emotional investment. His sister Sammy is the polar opposite, a controlling perfectionist who stayed on in their hometown to make an orderly life for herself and her son. It's the only means she knows to insulate them from complications that would force her to question her existence. She holds down a respectable but dull job as a lending officer at a bank, keeps a well-intentioned suitor at arm's length and continues to hope for a male role model for her lonely son. When Terry comes to town for a visit, the fulcrum of emotions felt by both characters seems so real that it makes the episodic nature of the film seem all the more cohesive and touching. It's a remarkable achievement for Lonergan, who makes his feature film directorial debut with this film. He even plays a small role as the deadpan local minister who seems to be satisfied dispensing advice in a vacuum.  The acting by the leads is superb. In his first major role, Mark Ruffalo captures the ramshackle nature of Terry with an effective mix of child-like innocence and restless bravado. Ruffalo provides heart to a basically unsympathetic character without compromising the emotional inertia that drains everyone around him. But I have to hand the picture to Laura Linney, who is letter perfect as Sammy. Her porcelain looks and pinched demeanor provide a veneer for an emotionally fragile woman who is conflicted about not only her brother but her entire existence as she starts to feel it unravel. The scenes between these two actors are consistently wonderful. Best among them are the lunch scene where her excitement in seeing him quickly turns to disappointment when she realizes the true purpose of his visit; the amusing pot-smoking scene on the porch when she confesses the adulterous affair she's having with her boss; and the heartbreaking goodbye when she realizes how much she needs him in her life regardless of the pain he inflicts. Rory Culkin plays Sammy's son Rudy with quiet maturity, and the interplay between Culkin and Ruffalo is well handled as it becomes apparent that the death of Terry's parents has actually made him the same emotional age as Rudy. In a supporting role, Matthew Broderick plays Sammy's boss with the smarmy, honey-toned pretension at which he has become a master, and he is the impetus behind the hilarious scenes at the bank, which take on a Dilbert-esque flavor with pinpoint accuracy. Twangy country songs provide a comic counterpoint to the illicit scenes between him and Sammy.   I really like this film and look forward to seeing what Lonergan will do next. The DVD includes a short documentary, which includes interviews with Lonergan, Linney and Ruffalo. Strongly recommended especially for those who have danced precipitously between love and anger with their families.     