 The deluxe Park Hyatt Tokyo provides the backdrop for this quirky film about the evolving relationship between Bob Harris, a world-weary movie actor in town to pocket easy money for a Suntory whiskey advertising campaign, and Charlotte, an obviously smart young wife of a thoughtless, ambitious video director. Through happenstance, these two characters come together and over the course of the film, discover they are soulmates.  This deceptively simple concept has been given a stylized and perceptive treatment by screenwriter and director Sofia Coppola, who has an obvious fondness for her characters and the setting. As a third-generation Japanese-American who has been to Tokyo a few times, I found the film was full of shrewd observations about current Japanese culture - the expansive karaoke hotel suite, the antiseptic strip club, the anal-retentive hospital waiting room, the Day-Glo Japanese talk show with the maniacally congenial host. I doubt if any other stateside filmmaker has captured the blinding lights and claustrophobic hustle of Tokyo better, much less the actual Japanese people in the way Coppola has done here without resorting to stereotypes. The scenes dealing with the communication barriers, while comically effective, actually feel authentic, not condescending.  Upon first viewing on its initial release, I think the film was overrated given its saturated airplay during the entire awards season earlier this year, perhaps as an indie-endorsing affront to the juggernaut that was "The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King".  Now that a few months have elapsed, I can appreciate the movie more for its vivid sense of imagery and atmosphere, which does go a long way to compensate for the threadbare plot. The excellent soundtrack helps as well. Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson perform their roles as Bob and Charlotte in an almost improvisational manner, effortlessly achieving a genuine chemistry. Coppola's focus on Bob still feels a bit lopsided since it ultimately makes Charlotte more cryptic than she needs to be. For all its charms, the film does not take ultimate accountability for the changes that Bob and especially Charlotte go through, which is why I think the film falls somewhat short for me. Though the much-talked about ending is lovely and seems to signal a reunion in the future, one still gets the sense that the episode was nothing more than a warm, dream-like episode in their lives. I guess I expected to see more honest character development for all the praise heaped on this film.     