 It's hard to believe that glamorous MSNBC entertainment reporter Jeannette Walls could have led such a hardscrabble, itinerant life as a child, but this phase of her life is chronicled in vivid detail in this powerful, tightly written memoir. The book starts with a defining moment when she's in a taxi en route to a party and out the window finds her mother sifting through a dumpster. Of course this is followed by a moment of epiphany in front of a mirror and a flashback to her childhood. Apparently, as she was hobnobbing among the upscale Manhattan social set, she hid her deep secret from the world, the fact that she grew up poor and led a mostly nomadic and homeless existence before she went to college at Barnard on a scholarship. You would think the book will be a modern take on a pull-from-your-own-bootstraps Horatio Alger story, but she surprises with her personal insights and reporter's perspective to produce an enriching story of courage.  Walls' parents, Rex and Rose Mary, were freedom-loving, eccentric hippies, she a hedonist who loved painting, he a brilliant alcoholic. Her father was a master at turning the most adverse conditions into something more attractive and meaningful to her daughter, even offering the planet Venus as a birthday present when he could not afford anything to give her. Often sleeping in cardboard boxes, the family made hasty getaways from town after town, whether it be in the Southwest or eventually in West Virginia where they settled. Each departure represented yet another trauma - a cat thrown out a car window, a scorpion bite, Jeanette herself hurled out of a car and left for dead in a desert, molestations by a neighbor and an uncle, a Christmas tree erupting in flames...and this seemingly relentless list goes on. Regardless, what I appreciate the most about Walls' style is that she never seems dejected, nor does she have the need to psychoanalyze the obvious dysfunctional nature of her family. She saw it all as a great adventure, albeit one that left both physical and mental scars on all the Walls kids. That they all maintained their sanity and in fact thrived afterward is an amazing testament to their resilience and fortitude. All make it to New York City, where unfortunately their parents follow them and live as squatters in an abandoned building on the Lower East Side, their fates hanging in the balance.  Walls never stacks the deck against her parents, nor does she view them with pity. Rather, perhaps because of her journalistic background, she manages to be even-handed and intensely dramatic at the same time. That combination proves to be compelling throughout the book, making her more interesting as a person today versus the dire circumstances that would have prevented a less courageous person from being as successful. A powerful read.     