 This is a genuinely fun read for those who want to experience a rather jaundiced view of the inner workings of the entertainment industry, and author Bruce Wagner has a swaggering, scabrous writing style perfect in providing this perspective. Filled to the brim with his insider knowledge about Hollywood, Wagner's novel focuses on three friends who have grown up as the progeny of legends, spoiled misfits really, and now are fully ensconced in what remains of the dream machine.  First, there's Bertie, who acts the part of a cocky pilot on a long-running "Star Trek"-like show called "Starwatch", created by his father Perry. But he is tired of what he considers hack work and tries to create his own show for HBO, an unpromising soap called "Holmby Hills". Then there's Thad, a hugely successful Robin Williams-type comic actor in his fifties, who is overshadowed by the far more serious reputation of his legendary novelist father, Jack Michelet, a three-time winner of the Pulitzer Prize. Thad's father is larger than life, to put it mildly, fulfilling his macho archetype by living a hedonist lifestyle, maintaining a high standing among the literati and being psychologically abusive to his son, whom he unfavorably compares to his dead twin in an "Ordinary People"-style twist. And finally there's Clea, Bertie's old friend and Thad's current girlfriend, who is the daughter of American screen icon Roos Chandler, who has achieved the unprecedented feat of winning three consecutive Oscars.  Clea accepts Bertie's offer of work as an ingenious alien mechanic on "Starwatch" as a way of keeping ahead of her addictions.  What Wagner picks up on quite accurately is the way everyone speaks in that cynical, campy, self-conscious language of Hollywood that you suspect real people there are really talking. It's all about one-upping the other person with a gallows humor laced with a patronizing, know-it-all attitude. They celebrate their hypocrisy when justifying why they would accept a job working on a commercial movie, even though they know they need to develop indie cred to develop the image they want. In fact, the three friends all have projects in development that they believe will stir their creative juices and bring them the respect they feel they deserve. The funniest is Clea's plan to develop a Seinfeld-type show about show business children starring herself and Thad, of course. On the other hand, Thad naturally wants to mount a one-man autobiographical show directed by Mike Nichols (just like Whoopi Goldberg). Your enjoyment of this book will depend on your interest in getting intimate with Hollywood studio politics and the lifestyles of the privileged Southern California ennui set. Despite such alienating trappings, Wagner actually makes us care about these quirky, never-satisfied characters, while giving us ample opportunity to laugh at their exploits. A great commuter read.     