 It's difficult for me to be objective about "The Producers". The original 1968 film is one of my favorite movie comedies, and I was fortunately enough to see Nathan Lane and Matthew Broderick in the smash 2001 Broadway musical version directed by Susan Stroman. She handles this responsibility for the film adaptation, her first time behind the camera, and her lack of experience in the medium shows with the constancy of medium shots and the general staginess of the whole venture. However, this doesn't turn out to be as detrimental as I worried it would be. The more critical aspect of this release is that the stage version has been captured on celluloid.  What Stroman does very well is capture Brooks' no-holds-barred comic spirit with this broad-based burlesque revue. She takes an already over-the-top concept and one-ups the original version in hammy schtick and sound decibels. The story is the same with minor tweaks - a larcenous impresario reeling from his latest Broadway failure partners with a by-the-book accountant in a grand scheme to produce a costly flop to reap the write-off in closing the show on its opening night. In a grand recreation, Nathan Lane captures much of the spirit of Zero Mostel in his rimshot-driven portrayal of unscrupulous producer Max Bialystock. He only lacks the fearless desperation that Mostel brought to the role. As nebbish accountant Leo Bloom with a fondness for his blue blanket and a tendency toward uncontrollable tantrums, Matthew Broderick is a game performer but doesn't have that saucer-eyed, slow-burn mensch factor that makes Gene Wilder particularly unique.  Also coming back in thoroughly exaggerated turns from the stage version are Gary Beach as flamboyant transvestite director Roger DeBris and Roger Bart as his mincing assistant Carmen Ghia with the snakishly long ssss. Working seamlessly into this ensemble are Will Ferrell, uninhibited and very much at home as always as the old-school Nazi Franz Liebkind, who composes the failed flop in question, "Springtime for Hitler", and Uma Thurman, again proving what a sharp comic actress she can be and also quite a singer-dancer as Ulla, the sexy Swedish secretary, with whom Leo falls hopelessly in love. Jon Lovitz even shows up with a comic Lionel Barrymore impression as Leo's stingy boss, Mr. Marks.  The production numbers are great fun even if most of the songs are not all that memorable except, of course, for "Springtime for Hitler" performed in all its gaudy, tasteless glory. Village People look-alikes show up appropriately for the typically ridiculous "Keep It Gay" number, and Stroman wisely opens up the "Along Comes Bialy" number to a Central Park setting where a multitude of old-lady investors dance in unison with walkers. However, there are some missed opportunities along the way, at least moments I thought were classic in the stage version - Beach's wonderfully fey Judy Garland tribute at the end of "Springtime for Hitler" is lost by having the camera too close, and Lane's showstopper, "Betrayed", seems to beg for some sped-up flashbacks to duplicate the blitzkrieg momentum of the song.  But there are also wonderful surprises like Thurman's triumphant solo, "When You Got It, Flaunt It", and Ferrell's hilarious reprise during the end credits, "The Hop Clop Goes On". And please stay in your seat after the credits for the fun free-for-all performed by the entire cast, "Goodbye!". If I have one complaint, it may be self-inflicted - since I have seen the original version so many times tirelessly, I just knew what every plot turn would be well before it happened. Regardless, this one is a treat even if it feels like the performers are playing to the back row of the theater.     