 If ever there was a movie that you would hope would be a masterpiece, especially given the pedigree of talent involved, it may very well be this one. Legends abound throughout the production both in front of and behind the camera. Directed by John Huston and written by Arthur Miller, this is a movie about the last of the cowboys in what apparently was the only frontier left in the early 1960's, the Sierra foothills of Nevada. The last gasp act for these desperate men is to rope wild mustangs from a speeding pick-up truck, so they can sell the carcasses for dog food. It's an intriguing, fragile premise, but the treatment here seems too vaunted. Starring three screen luminaries of towering magnitude - Clark Gable, Marilyn Monroe and Montgomery Clift, the film falls short of its lofty ambitions but not for lack of trying. There are isolated moments of great power and poignancy, but the core problem is really Miller's ponderous and rather misguided script, full of pretentious soliloquies that may work for Willy Loman but not for characters who are supposed to be inarticulate by their very nature. The net result is that you rather feel sorry for the actors as they put in a valiant effort to transcend the material. Miller wrote the screenplay expressly for his then-wife as their marriage was falling apart, and it's a miracle that Monroe ended up with a solid role that capitalized on her strengths given that his post-mortem tribute to her, "After the Fall" is a scathing indictment of her memory. But above all else, there is a morbid cloud that seems to darken the tone of the film, and one wonders if Huston was responding to the fragile state of the actors involved.  In what turned out to be her last completed film, Monroe extends on the promise she showed in "Bus Stop" five years earlier. Still stunning with an unbelievable magnetism, she was growing into a highly instinctive actress capable of conveying deeply felt emotions. With the combination of her beauty and vulnerability acting as the elusive flame around which the three men hover, Monroe uses her childlike innocence and unexpected wisdom to make her forlorn divorcee, Rosalyn, a more fully dimensional woman than she probably was on paper. It is one of the very rare occasions when she is the emotional center of the story, and she is particularly effective in reaction shots when she lets her eyes express her emotions for her. Her climactic banshee cry about the cowboys being murderers is a startling moment and a sad glimpse into what a wonderful actress she could have been given the right roles. In his valedictory role as well, Gable still has the old Hollywood star wattage and natural machismo to bring credibility to his aged cowboy, Gay, showing unexpected sensitivity in some difficult scenes. He lets the sadness come through his smiling eyes as he begins to realize his rugged lifestyle is quickly disappearing, the prospect of "wages" growing near and that everything he values is running off with the horses. Perhaps Gable was inspired by his Actors' Studio colleagues to trust his instinct in exposing his vulnerability, but it does backfire badly during his extended drunken scenes where it is discomforting to watch him overact with such broad strokes. It's also painful to see him wrangle the wild mustangs at the end with the knowledge of his looming death, but credit is due him for bringing authenticity to these challenging scenes. Clift, probably as much an acting polar opposite for Gable as he was for John Wayne in "Red River", is quite touching in the smallish role of Perce, the cowboy with the most open-hearted infatuation with Rosalyn. Poor Eli Wallach is saddled with probably the most contrived lines of Miller's script and the least sympathetic character, a mouthy braggart who is the first to meet Rosalyn and then suffers the humiliation of witnessing her growing attraction to Gay. Special mention needs to be given to Russell Metty's stark black-and-white cinematography and the excellent art direction by Stephen Grimes and William Newberry. Yet for all its virtues, this remains a deeply flawed movie and frustrating for anyone who has the right to expect more from this group of amazing artists.     