 It is inevitable that John Kerry's defeat will signal a re-examination of the Democratic Party's mission in diluting the conservative stranglehold on Washington now, and this thoughtful albeit somewhat overreaching book should be required reading toward that end. John Micklethwait and Adrian Wooldridge, the U.S. editor and Washington correspondent of The Economist respectively, have written a probing and surprisingly involving examination of the history and current state of conservative politics in America. Unlike conservative muckrakers who take for granted their opinions expressly to alienate the liberal faction, the authors are genuinely interested in explaining how and why conservatism has come to dominate America, and why that makes it unique among Western nations.   Micklethwait and Wooldridge define American conservatism as a combination of patriotism, suspicion of state power, and preference for liberty over equality. Since World War II, the movement has blended, often quite uneasily and at odds with the U.S. Constitution, libertarianism, moral traditionalism, and anti-communism. Since the end of the Cold War, anti-communism has of course turned into anti-Islamism. Similar to T.R. Reid's just-published book, "The United States of Europe: The New Superpower and the End of American Supremacy", they note how conservative America still seems to most Europeans, with the lack of completely nationalized health care and the support for gun rights, the death penalty, and tough criminal sentences. As proven by Bush's victory, America's right is far more values-based than class-based; voting GOP corresponds much more closely with church attendance than with social standing. But too much can be credit to the conservative movement, as their ascendancy is remarkably fragile, a point the authors raise but don't examine in great detail. After all, Bush lost the popular vote in 2000, even though he managed a slight majority (51%) in 2004. More pertinent, government on all levels is bigger and more intrusive, taxing and spending and regulating more than ever.  Thankfully insulated in their Eurocentric mindsets, Micklethwait and Wooldridge never show their own political cards. The authors say America has been a "50-50 Nation" since 1988, with the two main parties taking turns at the levers of state power. But the real fifty-fifty division in American life is between the approximately fifty percent of eligible voters who bother to participate in the voting process and the rest of us. The authors clearly take conservative ideas seriously, and they examine both the popular appeal and the intellectual weaknesses of those ideas. In fact, perhaps the only real victory of the conservative movement has been to provide greater media exposure to ideological activists and publicists who would otherwise been considered too didactic in our allegedly ever-decaying culture. The authors are smart enough to know that declaring any contemporary alignments of party or ideology in America will rule the future is foolhardy. The fortunes of the big parties can shift precipitously. Micklethwait and Wooldridge have written an intriguing book that is half social analysis, half history of ideas that examines how conservative ideology became such a defining feature of American life. Highly recommended for those seeking a more non-partisan take on the current political landscape.     