 Having just finished Alain de Botton's erudite "The Art of Travel", I found myself lured to journalist and author Elizabeth Gilbert's highly personal year of traveling abroad. Hers is a journal of begrudging self-discovery, earthier and less instantly revelatory but far more amusing than the high-minded guidance de Botton provides in his book. Full of shrewd observations and hilarious anecdotes, Gilbert organizes her eminently readable book into three discrete sections (one for each geographic destination - Rome, India and Bali) with each section containing thirty-six stories. Altogether, there are 108 chapters - a meaningful number since `108' is a three-digit multiple of three, a spiritual number, and it also equals the number of prayer beads on a Buddhist meditative "japa mala".  The book's title is not so much a riff on Ang Lee's "Eat Drink Man Woman" as it is a cryptic description of a meditation on love in its many forms, whether it revolves around food, language, other people, God and quite inevitably, herself. However, this is not an exercise in vainglorious self-aggrandizement but rather a thoughtful probing of how she came to choose her exotic destinations. Fresh into decompression mode, she travels to Rome to learn Italian simply because of the sensuality of the language. Gilbert loves the sound, the feel of it in her mouth and more pervasively, the sensual side of her it brings out.  She also becomes quite the gourmand, eating in a variety of trattorias, pizzerias and gelaterias with abandon and gaining twenty-three pounds along the way. Gilbert also makes some great friends, which becomes one of her greatest sources of strengths for her throughout the book, and even more importantly, she learns to treat herself well and respect her boundaries. After a lifetime of American workaholism, the author discovers the principle of "bel far niente", i.e., the beauty of doing nothing. This freedom transforms her from frazzled and anxious to relaxed and sensual but not in a romanticized way. Realizing that she needs to work on her boundary issues, she maintains a vow of celibacy and determines to sacrifice the pleasure of sex with Italian men.  With this new-found liberation, Gilbert then spends an intense several months at an ashram in India, meeting more great people but in this case, those seeking out their spiritual side. Meditation and yoga become her priorities, and in turn, she discovers and addresses her control issues. With a palpable moderation in her boundary and control issues, Gilbert ultimately looks for balance in Bali, the third leg of her global journey, as she hopes to cement all she has learned in the previous eight months. She becomes the disciple of a medicine man, befriends a single mother and falls in love with Felipe, a too-good-to-be-true Brazilian jewelry importer.  Although it is cathartic to see Gilbert so fully aware of herself at this point of her travels, the escalating drive of the book weakens somewhat in this section since her more discernible talent is in conveying the angst-ridden human condition. For instance, even while she is denying herself the sensual pleasures she finds in Rome, Gilbert writes descriptively about how the people around her nourished her soul. This witty sense of contrast with her surroundings is missing in her remembrances of Bali. Regardless, the book is a fine inward journey of a woman who felt a need to fly to faraway places to discover her inner self. I believe de Botton would approve of the author's inordinately zestful approach to her introspective hopscotch travels.     