 Anticipating the upcoming film adaptation from wunderkind director Ang Lee, I read this very short story with great interest since the film has already received the prestigious Golden Lion Award at the Venice Film Festival. At barely 55 pages, it would seem unlikely that the story merits a movie tie-in paperback, but author Annie Proulx has done such a remarkable job in presenting a poignant love story in such an economical fashion that it warrants special attention. It is ostensibly about two ranch hands, Ennis del Mar and Jack Twist, who meet and become obsessed with one another. Their story, however, seems less about coming to terms about the characters' sexual proclivities and more about their inability to articulate heretofore untapped emotions that can provide them happiness at a steep price. Even though both marry and have children, neither can fully acknowledge the love they feel toward each other and carry on in private for more than twenty years.  Rather than providing a straightforward story, Proulx gives the reader with surprising dexterity a series of narrative ellipses that make us realize what is going on without giving us all the details. She also smartly makes Ennis the protagonist instead of arbitrarily seesawing back and forth between the two. The more tortured Ennis bears the emotional weight of the story by building his own personal prison to avoid the wrath of those he chooses to judge him. Although it seems Jack is so overwhelmed with passion that it will liberate them both, he delivers the key line that you would expect Ennis to say: "I wish I knew how to quit you." As she proved with last year's excellent short story collection, "Bad Dirt", Proulx makes the ranch-land atmosphere of an economically downtrodden but physically beautiful Wyoming come to life. But what's more, she has a fluency with the speech patterns of her characters that deepens the characters without contrivance. It'll likely take you little more than a  hour to read the entire story. It's time well spent.     