 The reputation of this deserved classic rests primarily on the shoulders of master director John Huston and his two legendary stars, Humphrey Bogart and Katharine Hepburn. The story itself, penned by Huston and James Agee (with uncredited help from Peter Viertel) based on a novel by C.S. Forester, is a two-character high adventure that moves its narrative in a rather contrived manner. Yet, the resulting 1951 film sparkles in a burnished aura of Hollywood lore, as Clint Eastwood saw fit to make a film about the production itself with 1990's "White Hunter, Black Heart" and Hepburn herself wrote an entertaining memoir 36 years after the fact with the seemingly apt title, "The Making of the African Queen: Or How I Went to Africa With Bogart, Bacall and Huston and Almost Lost My Mind". Between Bogart's apparent boozing, Huston's big game obsessions, Hepburn's idiosyncrasies and the challenging African jungle, it must have been quite an unpredictable set.  Set at the outbreak of WWI in 1914 German East Africa when there was an unabated frenzy to colonize and convert the native Africans, the story focuses on Rose Sayer, the prim sister of a missionary who just died from fever and dementia after the Germans invaded and destroyed the village in which they were living and holding mass. To escape the pending return of the Germans, she joins Charlie Allnut, the boozy steamship captain who runs supplies - including torpedo shells and the makings of explosives - along the Ulanga-Bora River. She concocts an ambitious plot to use the explosives aboard Charlie's boat, The African Queen, as a means to destroy the powerful German gunboat, the Louisa, which rules the large lake at the end of the river. Charlie reluctantly agrees, and their perilous journey takes up the bulk of the film. Even though the ending is a bit far-fetched, it doesn't matter much by that point since the characters have so completely ingratiated themselves with the viewer.  What makes the film memorable is how the characters evolve from lonely souls who have given up all hope for happiness in their lives to the heroic defenders of the British Empire whose mutual patriotic dedication turns to love. Lesser actors would have been defeated by the sharp corners of the sometimes incredulous plot turns, especially Rose's lightning-quick turnaround on Charlie's charms, but Bogart and Hepburn are so completely in their element that the contrivances actually become part of the allure of the movie. Both have given more accomplished performances in their careers, but neither has appeared more winning than they do here. A Huston favorite, Robert Morley has a few effective moments at the beginning as Rose's reverend brother Samuel, and toward the end, Peter Bull brings appropriate Teutonic bluster as the captain of the Louisa.  Obviously inspired by the real-life locations he uses in the Congo and Uganda, Huston directs the proceedings with passion, and he brings genuine excitement to scenes such as their conquest of the rapids and Charlie's dredging of the boat through the mud. More importantly, he allows the two stars ample room to generate the chemistry that has made this such an enduring classic. Jack Cardiff's cinematography is appropriately evocative for the first color film by either star (or for the director for that matter), though some of the later scenes, especially the storm sequence, feel comparatively claustrophobic given that they were obviously shot inside a studio tank in London. As a true must-see among Hollywood classics, it is disappointing that the sparse, South Korea-licensed DVD package is the only one readily available, even though picture quality is relatively good. The movie cries out for a refurbished release from the Criterion Collection.     