 Celebrity biography specialist Christopher Andersen would seem to have a ripe subject in multi-hyphenated conglomerate Barbra Streisand, but the problem with his latest book is that he mistakes titillating gossip for insight. The result hardly rises above the level of a series of tabloid-level columns that appear to have a subtext based on insinuation and rumor. It's the same Pearl Harbor-like approach he took with Hillary Rodham Clinton, a similarly polarizing figure in 2004's "American Evita". That's a shame since Streisand's meteoric rise to legendary status is likely a fascinating journey if told fairly, one that mixes a staggering talent with a striking, often monomaniacal perseverance.  Her detractors, the ones who charge her with megalomania and excessive vanity, have been around almost as long as she has, which is nearly half a century in the limelight. Just as adamant are her fans, who continue to defend her as a victim of rampant sexism in an industry intimidated by powerful women. The truth obviously lies somewhere between these perspectives. The one thing Andersen does well in the book is detail Streisand's perfectionism, a trait that has alienated others as she meticulously and often mercilessly seeks to realize her visions, whether artistic or purely personal. In fact, he opens the book with a blow-by-blow description of her anal-retentive belligerence before and during her elaborate, celebrity-saturated 1997 wedding to James Brolin on her Malibu estate. I suppose Andersen wants us to be appalled by her diva behavior, but frankly I would have expected nothing less from her on such a highly personal day. It's understandable why she elicits such extreme behavior, but Andersen seems to prefer the biased recollections of former colleagues who have felt slighted by her.  The author's other preoccupation is speculating on an apparently voracious romantic life with a number of high-profile men, most already known but a few surprises. What he seems to miss is that for the most part, these were powerful men in their fields and clearly there were mutual personal and economic benefits in being linked with a bankable personality. Andersen seems to enjoy innuendo, such as his veiled attempts to link Streisand more than platonically with Prince Charles and Bill Clinton. The problem with this type of gossip-based reportage is that we are missing the subject's perspective no matter how hard Andersen tries to piece one together. Aside from the purported bedroom liaisons, there is little that is new here. Her obsession with having complete control on her projects, her fatherless childhood, her denigrating mother, her fear of live performing, her political activism - have all been well documented for years and often by Streisand herself.  Even Andersen's liberal obsession with her personal life is not as criminal as his rather bland, episodic approach to her professional life.  He seems merely to collect events in a by-the-numbers fashion and ultimately makes her astounding accomplishments little more than a chronological checklist. I understand Streisand has been at work on her autobiography for years, and I frankly don't expect her book to be any less biased as she can be guilty of selective memory. However, in the meantime, I think Andersen's biography will hardly satisfy anyone because he is incapable of finding the right tone and balance here. That's unfortunate since we end up knowing next to nothing of the psyche behind the amazing talent and idiosyncratic behavior.     