 The inescapable impact of Wal-Mart on the global economic landscape is certainly worthy of in-depth analysis, and business journalist Charles Fishman, senior editor at Fast Company, does as even-keeled a job as possible when it comes to the retail monolith. What I find particularly intriguing about Fishman's approach is that this is not a Horatio Alger mega-success story but a thoughtful account of how the company's principal imperative - maintaining the lowest prices - has had a hammering domino effect on the rest of the country. So uncompromising in its objective, Wal-Mart continually lowers prices, which means makers and suppliers of the products it sells must also cut costs. This is where the power of size and scale really comes into play, as Wal-Mart relentlessly calls for more volume and more cost cutting. The consequence is an inevitable downgrade in materials and quality, and Fishman shares images of third-world child labor as production is forced to make do with the cheapest labor available. Moreover, it's a zero-sum game. When costs cannot be cut even further, the supplier goes out of business, and Wal-Mart moves on to another.  Fishman's book is filled with examples of Wal-Mart suppliers who could not escape the squeeze. Production lines in the US close as a result and throw loyal employees onto unemployment lines. The author offers a startling milestone achieved in 2003 - there were more Americans selling things in retail than making things in manufacturing for the first time in modern history. This means not only lower-paying jobs for workers but also a national dependence on industrial capacity and skills elsewhere. And in the ultimate irony, lower wages mean that families must depend on the lower prices that they can only get at Wal-Mart. With local businesses being driven out of existence, more people will need to work for Wal-Mart to subsist. The author, however, does not paint a totalitarian economic regime, as he clearly shows that Wal-Mart is not destroying these businesses; rather, the shoppers are the ones who put people out of business. In a classically capitalist society where competition is the only acceptable driver, we vote with our wallets, and we need to take accountability for the fact that we are the ones who choose Wal-Mart over local stores. Wal-Mart, in that sense, is the ultimate model of democracy.  Nonetheless, the reality is more textural than economic theory allows, i.e., Wal-Mart's power and scale actually hurt capitalism by strangling competition and truly running the market. Fishman is best when he humanizes the Wal-Mart effect with his extensive interviews. An intriguing example is Jonathan Fleck, the inventor of the "Makin Bacon" bacon cooker. At first, he handled the direct mail orders himself at home through magazines and a promotional offer on Armour bacon packages. When Wal-Mart agreed to market the gadget in 1995, he could finally keep up with the burgeoning demand. But Wal-Mart, true to their operating principles, ordered 200,000 "Makin Bacon" machines. This forced Fleck to find financing, locate a manufacturing plant, and address increasing price pressure from Wal-Mart to sell each succeeding machine for less. His alternative is to face bankruptcy.   According to Fishman, the success of Wal-Mart's strategy still reveals vulnerabilities. A key gap is that it cannot compete on quality or service. Even among its less profitable competitors including Target, Wal-Mart falls short on presentation and the shopping experience, and Costco is stronger in the areas of employee retention and long-term community relations. Bottom line, when it's not competing on price, it can't compete; and ultimately the downward cycle, which Wal-Mart is instigating purely on price, is making it look to markets overseas. Fishman's clearest assertion is that Wal-Mart's scale has forced a new set of rules on the marketplace. After all, we cannot rely on traditional Keynesian models to cover the fact that Americans spend on average $35 million every hour at Wal-Mart, 24/7 every day of the year. The author accurately feels the transparency that Wal-Mart resists is key not only to preserving the capitalist system we value but also to ensuring fair and humane business practices. There is potential for Wal-Mart to recognize this, as the company has the power and size to change not only the way we buy but the way we think.     