 With director Elia Kazan's death last fall and Marlon Brando's death in July, it seems appropriate to revisit this film now, and owning the DVD version is certainly a worthwhile investment with all the extra contextual information provided. First and foremost, fifty years later, this film is still an absolute stunner. Kazan, with screenwriter Budd Schulberg, has fashioned a pulsating story about Mob informers amid the highly corrupted longshoreman unions on the New Jersey docks in the fifties. The focus is on the evolution of Terry Malloy, a former boxer who has been relegated to play errand boy for a nasty union boss, the ironically named Johnny Friendly. Terry's brother Charley, a crooked union lawyer, is the one who got him to give up boxing and take the menial job. Terry is satisfied with his status until a neighborhood pal gets thrown off a roof to prevent him from testifying to the crime commission. Terry is then driven headlong to his conscience by local priest Father Barry and Edie Doyle, the potential informer's sister. The interactions among these characters have great passion and feel deeply truthful thanks to the sterling cast, a virtual Who's Who of Actors' Studio top-of-the-class alumni, which was not coincidentally started by Kazan.  This movie has more in common with post-WWII neo-realism as introduced by filmmakers like Roberto Rosellini, than with other Hollywood studio-produced fare at the time. It is this hard-edged black-and-white atmosphere that Kazan depicts with passion and often sensitivity. Leonard Bernstein's symphonic score, easily among his best work, accentuates the emotions in key scenes with varied colors and swelling power. The ensemble acting is uniformly superb down to the smallest roles. The obvious standouts are Lee J. Cobb as Friendly, Karl Malden as Father Barry and in their screen debuts, Rod Steiger as Charley and Eva Marie Saint as Edie. But of course, the emotive force of this story comes from Brando, probably one of the most definitive performances ever filmed. At the beginning, his character seems too dim-witted to carry such a heavy story of redemption, but Brando's incisive portrayal immediately gets to the heart and soul of Terry's journey, his slow awakening to what he needs to do to save himself at the end. Just watch him try on Edie's glove in the park; react to her anger over her discovery of his role in her brother's death; explain himself to Edie in the saloon; stagger in his bloodied walk at the end, and most especially, confront Charley with his own disappointment in the much-played cab ride scene. All should be used as flawless examples in a master acting class. One could forgive all of Brando's later excesses and expensive star slumming for this one performance...it is simply that good.  Granted there are flourishes of melodrama heightened by Bernstein's music, but they are forgivable given the driving power of the story. Enough has been said of the parallels between this movie and Kazan's own role as an informer during the Communist witch-hunts at that time. Whether you see this film as a parable to justify Kazan's decision to name names doesn't really matter when judging the film's merits. It stands on its own as a cinematic masterpiece. It's a must-see.  The DVD transfer is very good, obviously taken from a pristine print. It contains a good featurette, "Contender - Mastering the Method", which has various people talking about the quality of the film as well as some insightful comments from Steiger himself. There is also an interview with Kazan, which is actually more revealing for what he doesn't talk about than what he does discuss, e.g., falling out with Arthur Miller, testifying to the House on Un-American Activities. Some interesting revelations emerge in these pieces, e.g., Brando's own disappointment after he saw his performance, Brando going to his therapist appointment during Steiger's close-ups in the cab scene, Kazan hating producer Sam Spiegel for pinching pennies during production. The alternate audio tracks by critic Richard Schickel and Elia Kazan biographer Jeff Young are informative though a bit on the gushing side. It is also worth noting that Kazan and Schulberg teamed up again two years later with their fascinating indictment of media celebrities, "A Face in the Crowd" (also strongly recommended).     