 Even though he is on the $10 bill, Alexander Hamilton is the most cryptic of the founding fathers perhaps because he did not go on to become President or how his life ended in the infamous duel with Aaron Burr. Author Ron Chernow fills in the blanks quite nicely with this extremely comprehensive, sometimes surprising biography, its 818 pages justified by the full and tumultuous life Hamilton led in his brief 49 years. The first surprise is that Hamilton was born an orphan in the Caribbean, which the author describes almost like a bodice-ripper pirate movie. There are some wonderful stories about his ascendancy through the ranks in the Revolutionary War when a quarrel with Washington led Hamilton to the role of field commander at the decisive Battle of Yorktown.  After the war, he was the chief contributor to the Federalist Papers, a series of newspaper pieces that would argue for the strong central government lacking in the weak Articles of Confederation and would eventually lead to the U.S. Constitution. Hamilton's sharply detailed writing is on display here to understand the man's passion and intelligence. Hamilton recognized that the country's hard-won liberties were better safeguarded ironically by a strong federal government than a fractious group of dissimilar states. At the ripe age of 34, he proved his points by establishing the Treasury department under Washington's administration, which included the first national budget system, a funded debt, a tax system and a central bank. He basically founded the modern corporation as we know it today, which is perhaps why FDR vilified his memory during the Depression while exalting Jefferson for the agrarian idealist he truly was. However, for all these lofty accomplishments in public service, I have to admit that Chernow's account of Hamilton's personal life is just as interesting. He was the Bill Clinton of his time with his own Whitewater-type scandal, which at the time extinguished any aspiration he likely had to become President. Having a sordid affair with a married woman, Hamilton confessed to money laundering, using Treasury monies to pay off the husband of the woman he was having an affair with keep quiet. Worse, the cuckolded husband insisted that Hamilton continue the affair while paying the extortion money. Of course, such high-wire behavior, along with his vituperative tongue, led fellow politician Aaron Burr to confront his long-standing feud with Hamilton with pistols.   Chernow has written a finely detailed though somewhat exhausting book. Every minor character seems to warrant a biographical digression. Rather than starting with Hamilton's birth, the author goes back a million years to the birth Nevis, the island in the British West Indies on which Hamilton was born. Chernow could have used a stronger editor since he seems incapable of leaving out any of his voluminous research, and there does seem to be an inordinate amount of speculative assertions especially when it comes to Hamilton's parentage. But Chernow excels when he discusses the inner workings of the U.S. government at the time and how things have not changed much in 250 years, nor frankly the men in the power positions. As we still scrutinize Clinton for his illicit sexual behavior, this book goes into a similarly baffling disconnect between the public Hamilton and the private man. It just makes Chernow's biography more relevant and quite intriguing. Though overlong, this book is a highly recommended for its insight into a misunderstood and underappreciated political leader.     