 Three superb singers, two established and one fast rising, are the chief sources of pleasure on this recording of composer Robert Schumann's works, part eight of an extensive Schumann series pulled together by pianist and musical archivist Graham Johnson. The centerpiece of the program is "Heine Liederkreis" given a polished and thoughtful reading by baritone Christopher Maltman, who is most familiar to me as part of an even more stellar trio on a superb 2002 recording of Benjamin Britten's "Canticles" with countertenor David Daniels and tenor Ian Bostridge. Here, Maltman handles Heine's descriptive poetry with eloquence. He is alternately powerful and plangent depending on the mood of the song, all the while providing just the right emphasis on the animated text while Johnson accompanies expertly.  Tenor Mark Padmore, whom I just saw perform the title role in a concert version of Handel's "Samson", dominates the early pieces that precede the Liederkreis song cycle. He displays fine technique and clear German diction in his performances, though Schumann's juvenilia are not nearly as resonant as his later work. To my ears, the high points of this portion are "Der Fischer", a somewhat melodramatic duet between Padmore and Maltman based on a poem by Goethe, and "Erinnerung", which flows masterfully over the slight lyrics provided by Jacobi's memory poem. The third section of songs is made up of Schumann rarities beginning with bass-baritone Jonathan Lemalu's touching performance of "Dem rotten Rslein gleicht mein Lieb" based on Robert Burns' "My love's like a red, red rose". His voice has a booming quality tempered by a genuine feel for the songs from the energetic "Der frohe Wandersmann" to the choral pieces, "Die rote Hanne" and Der deutcher Rhein". He especially shines on "Trost im Gesang", a stately ballad for a traveling knight. With his stentorian, bell-like tones, this rising New Zealand-born Samoan singer sounds even more like a native German than the comparatively experienced Maltman and Padmore. The comprehensive booklet written by Johnson tends to meander quite a bit about the history of the songs, though it is worth reviewing as you listen.     