 In what appears to be a one-man cottage industry given his prolific output in the past two years, Mexican lyric tenor Rolando Villazon continues an intractable winning streak with his third recital disc. Here he ambitiously tackles famous arias and seldom-heard pieces in four languages. Beyond the tone-perfect Italian and French that he showed on his first two discs, the singer also demonstrates a similar affinity for German and Russian. Having just heard his impassioned Alfredo on the recently released Deutsche Grammophon recording of Verdi's "La Traviata" (partnered with the beautiful, fiery Violetta of soprano Anna Netrebko), I am happy to report that he carries forth this same theatrical dexterity with this latest release of diverse arias.  Considering the complexity of multiple genres - moving fluidly from bel canto to verismo to opera buffa to grand opera - and linguistic demands, the program flows with impressive ease thanks mainly to the vocal conviction Villazon consistently displays here.  For a disc entitled rather generically "Opera Recital", the usual suspects are certainly here - a breathtaking "Recondita armonia" from Puccini's "Tosca" where he passionately compares one beautiful woman with another; and two classics from Bizet - from the warhorse "Carmen", Don Jose's confessional about the infatuation resulting from a certain thrown flower, and my favorite performance, Nadir's haunting arousal over the priestess Leila in "A cette voix...Je crois entendre encore" from the fanciful "Les pecheurs de perles". Late-period Donizetti is represented with Villazon's skillful takes on Ernesto's openly romantic serenade, "Com'e gentil" from the opera buffa, "Don Pasquale" and then on Fernando's lament of shame "Favorita del re" from the love-triangle piece, "La Favorita". All these familiar pieces showcase the singer in peak form, which unsurprisingly - and with increasing justification - invites comparisons with Domingo.  Lesser-known arias supplement the thoughtful program. In fact, the disc opens with two surprisingly propulsive arias from "Les contes d'Hoffmann" by German operetta master Jacques Offenbach. With two pieces by Friedrich von Flotow, Villazon performs in what sounds like fluent German - the more famous aria, the yearning "Ach so fromm" from the pastoral comedy "Martha", and the hymn-like "Jungfau Maria" (which sounds a bit like Schubert's "Ave Maria") from the more obscure "Allesandro Stradella". Even more impressive is his flawless Russian and adept handling of the forlorn Italianate tones of Levski's pre-duel aria in Peter Tchaikovsky's adaptation of Alexander Pushkin's "Eugene Onegin". Villazon also sings works from two more obscure Italian composers, Pietro Mascagni and Umberto Giordano, to great dramatic effect. The warm, sonorous quality of Villazon's voice is consistent throughout with his upper register especially winning on the Donizetti and Giordano pieces. Music director Michel Plasson leads the wondrous Munchner Rundfunkorchester with precision and supple skill. Fans will not be disappointed - it's a superb recording.     