 Visual invention is certainly abundant in writer-director Sylvain Chomet's bizarre tale involving the kidnapping of Champion, a Tour de France cyclist by some square-shouldered gangsters and the ensuing rescue by his clubfooted grandmother, Madame Souza, and their overstuffed dog, Bruno. What makes this 2003 film the most audacious of animated features is a fervent style that goes directly against the current CGI trend by using traditional hand drawings with a minimum of computer work. Whereas sleek CGI films like "Shrek" and "The Incredibles" go for realism in almost an extreme fashion, Chomet goes in the opposite direction creating a sophisticated, surrealistic world with plenty of idiosyncratic detail. His visual style reminds me of the work of cartoonist Charles Bragg who exaggerates facial features but maintains a relatable humanism to his characters, and there are also traces of Mad magazine's expert caricature work and the old WWII-era Warner Brothers cartoons.  The story is mainly dialogue-free (except for some incidental asides and music), and consequently, the images carry the plotline. It opens with an intentionally scratchy, black-and-white musical number meant to show the triplets of the title in their prime thirty years prior with period-authentic performances by Gypsy guitarist Django Reinhardt, banana-festooned Josephine Baker and shoe-attacked Fred Astaire. From there, the film moves to the main characters, the kidnapping and the eventual Atlantic crossing to Belleville, an elaborate city that looks like it was built like the Tower of Babel. There, Madame Souza and Bruno meet the triplets, now old hags who live in a cockroach-infested tenement and eat half-dead frogs for all three meals. They all get involved in finding the gangsters and rescuing Champion. It's all done with impressive technique, although the pacing sometimes lags, especially at the beginning when the mood is being established. The other problem is that Champion is not developed as a character, and consequently, his rescue lacks a certain emotional catharsis for the viewer.  Regardless, most of the images are stunning, in particular, the nook-and-cranny detail of Belleville (apparently a conglomeration of New York, Paris and Montreal), the Tour cycling sequence over the mountains and the breathtaking ocean crossing scene. The finale has a surprisingly violent element for a cartoon, but it doesn't distract from the fanciful nature of the tale. There is an informative 15-minute, making-of featurette which explains the creative process in cursory detail, as well as another short that shows Chomet explaining his drawing technique. Three scenes allow the creators to explain their genesis with commentary in French with English subtitles. A video of the catchy "Belleville Rendez-Vous" is also included. While not really a family film, this is an animated treat for those tiring of the more commercial Pixar and Dreamworks product.     