 Twenty-five years after the Iranian hostage crisis, author Kenneth Pollack, a former CIA analyst and National Security Council official, has written a thorough, sometimes frightening, sometimes rose-colored account of the U.S. relationship with Iran. Overshadowed lately by its war-torn neighbor, Iran is a contradictory country that supports terrorism, is building an arsenal of nuclear weapons, and with Saddam Hussein's ouster, evolving into the new key threat in derailing the interminable Middle East peace process. In fact, the author argues that the Bush administration's continued ignorance of Iran's burgeoning prominence will likely result in yet another war based on fictitious weapons of mass destruction. Perhaps still smarting from his previously hawkish stance against Iraq in his last book, "The Threatening Storm", Pollack believes containment should be our new strategy in dealing with Iran. He calls for a flexible approach that would take into account the constant state of flux in Iranian foreign policy, as extremists and pragmatists fight for internal control of the country.  Pollack provides a valuable primer on Iranian history, which is redolent of the suffocating xenophobia of Iranian leaders like Mohammed Mossadegh and the Ayatollah Khomeini. Nineteenth century European imperialism shaped a lot of the current Iranian suspicion of foreign interference in their affairs. The author also discusses the Iranian tendency to resent and resist their rulers, obviously peaking with the Shah's 25-year regime until his overthrow in 1979. And most pertinent, Pollack reviews the many traumatic encounters between the United States and Iran over the last fifty years, which of course, culminated with the fourteen-month long ordeal in the taking of the U.S. hostages. This was a defining moment in our own history, scarring the American psyche and making the U.S. look weak in the eyes of the world. Jimmy Carter's presidential legacy took a tumble as a result (the hostages were released just hours after Reagan's inauguration), and the perceived weakness invited challenges that persist today. When one sees the beheadings of Westerners like Daniel Pearl by terrorists, one cannot help speculate that the hostage crisis was the spark that led to such atrocious activity. Ironically, the author seems less thorough when it comes to looking at Iran within the context of the ongoing Iraqi conflict. One can deduce that Pollack's aversion to war has something to do with leaving a power vacuum in the region that would make it particularly ripe for a greater flourishing of the al-Qaeda network. What he does far more effectively is put America's relationship with Iran into historical perspective. This level of understanding is critical in any negotiations with the Iranians. For instance, many are still furious at the Shah twenty-five years later for a multitude of sins, from his creation of a repressive police state to his squandering of money on military equipment. Unfairly or not, they continue to blame the U.S. for being colonial allies to his master plan. Pollack is actually generous in pinning the blame entirely on the Shah, and he even forgives U.S. policymakers in the 1970's for their failure to anticipate Ayatollah Khomeini's ascendancy.  According to Pollack, Iran is at a pivotal cusp in history at this very moment. Depending on how well Iraq fares as a democracy, Iran could follow suit or continue on its path toward a complete Islamic autocracy. Just how the Bush administration deals with Iran for the next four years will be a real test of the global leadership to which the U.S. aspires and needs to define if there is going to be any inroads in thwarting the ongoing terrorist threat.  Pollack provides valuable reading, critical for anyone who wants to understand the broader Middle East political situation.     