 Countertenor David Daniels has no problem showcasing his versatility, as he joins forces this time with the seven-man ensemble Europa Galante, led by violinist Fabio Biondi, to provide a wonderfully satisfying performance of these three works by Vivaldi. Like most people who are not well versed in classical music, my only familiarity with Vivaldi prior to this recording was the omnipresent "The Four Seasons", even though he wrote over 500 concertos. That's why this disc is an important addition to any classical music library, as it represents a composer who displayed a strong sense of instruments producing sound color and musical effects of great beauty. When you add the incomparable Daniels to the mix, then the beauty of these works becomes enhanced exponentially.   The disc has the intimate feel of a chamber music recital, and the result is nothing short of a revelation. It paints a broad landscape of moods and textures ranging from the deeply melancholy and religious "Stabat Mater" to the nearly operatic "Longe mala". With the "Stabat Mater", one can almost see the Virgin Mary sitting at the base of the cross. My personal favorite is "Nisi Dominus", which Vivaldi wrote for an especially talented orphan girl to sing on the anniversary of the conservatory at which he taught, the Ospedale della Piet. This piece allows Daniels to show his dramatic flair in a heartfelt expression of emotions - vigorous awe, sorrow and joy. His uncanny combination of a rich coloratura and a warm, honey-toned timbre allows him to stand head and shoulders above his countertenor brethren.  What Daniels does so well is make an otherwise unearthly sound completely natural, and his incredibly flexible legato never feels out of control. Simply compare the ending "Amen" and "Alleluia" arias of the three pieces to gain a full appreciation of what this astounding singer can do with just one word.  To say that Europa Galante simply accompanies Daniels would be a complete understatement, as their instruments appear to be full-fledged partners to his vocals.  The coupling works beautifully, especially the string section, which appears to match his vocal intensity note for note.  The collaboration makes for a breathtaking recording and yet another impressive milestone in the career of David Daniels.     