 Author Iain Levison accurately captures the quiet desperation that comes from losing one's job in a layoff. I should know, as I have been a downsizing victim myself. It's a devastating experience, one that has a visceral and insidious impact since you are told you are no longer worth a paycheck and adding insult to injury, you're losing your job so someone higher up can keep his. Bottom line, someone has deemed you worthless so someone else can keep his/her livelihood. Levison manages to detail this feeling with fierce honesty, illustrating the rape of a worker's dignity and the dread it begats. His focus is Jake Skowran, a laid-off loading dock manager in small-town Wisconsin, not too dissimilar to the depressed world painted by Michael Moore in "Roger & Me", his documentary about Flint, Michigan. Angry, in debt and abandoned by a cheating girlfriend, Jake doesn't give in to his depressed circumstance and instead, discovers a vocational direction that is both financially lucrative and emotionally healing. He becomes a hit man to pay the bills, but it becomes much more since from his perspective, work becomes his life, and the prospect of being out of work is to lose touch with life. Jake apparently finds his calling.  What I like most about Levison's book is his matter-of-fact attitude toward the heinous profession Jake has chose for himself. He is surprisingly pensive and calm about his new job. In fact, aside from the killings, the drama is of the more observational variety where we see Jake otherwise live his mundane everyday existence with friends and family. Levison's less-is-more style works well because this doesn't become a personal revenge tale (in fact, the boss doesn't even play a role in the story) or a socioeconomic statement about the disenfranchised. In fact, Jake's emotional detachment serves the reader to help root for him to get back on his feet and feel self-sufficient again. This stark novel feels almost like a black comedy version of Barbara Ehrenriech's non-fiction treatise on the blue-collar worker, "Nickel and Dimed" in that both capture the economic hardship of working people who are not in the position to fulfill themselves in other ways. It still seems like a most timely book to read, and even as a novel, it feels more authentic in its portrayal of blue-collar workers than a lot of books who simply observe and analyze their conditions from a distance. Highly recommended.     