 Online political activism is the latest movement for articulating progressive politics to the broadest possible audience instantaneously. What the Web does not allow, as authors Jerome Armstrong and Markos Moulitsas Zuniga can attest, is an infrastructure that works fluidly with the pervasive broadcast and cable media, the influential think tanks and probably most importantly, the deep pockets of political fundraisers. Consequently, the Internet provides reach but not traction in a meaningful sense, and that's the distinction the co-authors make between the Democratic and Republican parties. With piercing accuracy within their area of expertise, they point out that the inability of the Democrats to mobilize change has less to do with the issues than with the missed opportunities in harnessing the Web for the betterment of the party.  Armstrong and Zuniga do a surprisingly comprehensive job in analyzing the success of Republican politics, which comes down to key constituents who remain decidedly Machiavellian in their objective to dominate Washington. There really isn't that much common ground among the corporate insiders, religious leaders and party ideologists that make up the party leadership, but what they have proven in the past four decades is a proven ability to sustain their coalition. Democrats, on the other hand, celebrate their differences to their long-term detriment according to the co-authors. One penetrating chapter, "The Gravy Train", points the finger effectively at self-serving Democratic consultants who continue to lose elections, as well as the disorganized, single-issue pressure groups that refuse to coalesce to present a unified, disciplined public image of the party.  The co-authors point to Howard Dean as someone who has experienced the double-edged sword of the Web. Tired of the stranglehold of D.C. power players, the former Democratic presidential candidate used the Internet to instigate a "grassroots movement" (consequently coining the term "netroots") and raise a whopping $40 million for his campaign. However, leaders within his own party turned on him when they saw he was not coddling the traditional bases of Democratic power, and a grotesque caricature arose as Dean was portrayed as a screaming, unelectable lunatic whose leftist, McGovern-esque politics worried party insiders that a repeat of 1972 could be inevitable. What brought Dean down was a concerted attack not by Republicans but by supporters of Kerry and Gephardt, and the end result was that the whole party suffered casualties. Kerry ultimately lost the Presidential election, and the Web bloggers gained strength in shaping the party leadership in uncovering the deficiencies of the successors to DNC Chairman Terry McAuliffe. With supreme irony, Dean became the chair with the blessing of the bloggers who initially gave him prominence.  Armstrong and Zuniga are merciless in their Monday morning quarterbacking of the failings of the Democratic Party, and frankly, for the most part, the treatment is justified. At the same time, they point to isolated examples of success where the Web helped immeasurably with victories in Colorado and Montana in 2004.  One is left to believe that the "netroots" movement played a key role in letting the opposition waste funds and energy, while the progressives moved significantly ahead. In fact, the co-authors are at their best when they become prescriptive in their approach to remedy the Democratic Party. They point to a loosely congregated world of progressive-thinking bloggers of which there may be upwards of five million active participants. The key to success, however, is to mobilize these untapped resources effectively so that there are broader forums of discussion and debate toward a more united stand.  The very disparity of thought that made the Internet initially attractive is what makes it a scattershot card-house of communities who rarely communicate outside their own niches. The constant disarray raises a valid question as to whether the Internet is sustainable as a unifying force by its very nature, Clearly, Armstrong and Zuniga think so since they are renowned Web consultants and bloggers who are committed to the power of the "netroots" movement. Given the paucity of alternatives for the Democratic Party at this stage, even with Bush's approval rating at its all-time low, it is well worth reading what they have to say.     