 Former GE CEO Jack Welch's forty-plus-year track record certainly speaks for itself, and he has already written a sharply insightful treatise on his own impressive accomplishments in 2001's "Jack: Straight from the Gut". Newly married to former Harvard Business Review editor Suzy Wetlaufer and no longer running a huge conglomerate, the 69-year old Welch does not seem to be mellowing with age, but he is understandably more interested in translating what he knows about business strategy into a succession plan. Welch lays out his leadership philosophy, that success is all about growing others, and outlines the characteristics of a leader who can teach. That's the focus of "Winning", and it has nuggets of his wizened perspective, including several rules per chapter which he backs up with examples from his passions, such as the 2004 World Series win of the Boston Red Sox being the result of constant upgrades to the team roster. The can-do attitude gets excessive at times, especially when he addresses topics outside his own personal experience such as the challenges faced by working mothers, but for the most part, he keeps it in check.   Where Welch succeeds most in the book is his everyman approach, i.e., he speaks to people at every level of an organization in companies of any size. His target is anyone who craves success and his mission to help them get it. Consequently there are chapters on his famed system for rating employees as A's, B's and C's; the Six Sigma quality push; motivating people and firing them when they aren't performing; how to survive when your company is acquired; and creating a culture that thrives on change. More personally to the reader, he offers his advice on how to find the right job, along with considerations of how to get promoted. Of course, his guidance is sound but hardly unique. But perhaps due to the influence of his new wife, he also focuses quite a bit on work-life balance, which he convincingly argues is the reward for being a high performer, not an entitlement to everyone. You can also tell that several of the case studies in which Welch describes as something happening to "a friend" are drawn directly from his wife's career. At the same time, I can't help but feel this book is somewhat anticlimactic and some of the material covered seems tangential compared to his other book, especially his loose-ends bonus chapter. Regardless, Welch deserves to be respected for the constant reinvention he forced on GE, his consistency in maintaining a thriving put-up-or-shut-up philosophy and his ability to look back at it all with a new chapter in his life exciting him as much as his corporate career. A man who is more than willing to admit his mistakes, he is truly the anti-victim, and his attitude - more than his own specific learnings - is where the profundity of the book can be found.     