 It's an apt comparison, but as darkly beautiful as she is, Angelina Jolie has nothing on Ava Gardner, a woman so stunning in her prime that she redefined the concept of what a screen temptress could be. When motivated by a strong director, she could be a fine actress as well. Unlike Christopher Andersen, whose recent hatchet job on Barbra Streisand reflects a bloodthirsty taste for the tawdry, celebrity biographer Lee Server does a far more thorough and fair-handed job in chronicling Gardner's turbulent life. Born the seventh child of a tobacco sharecropper in North Carolina, she was discovered in rather incredible fashion through a snapshot of her seen accidentally by a Hollywood talent agent. That single glimpse was enough for her to receive the studio build-up to become a starlet. In quick succession as her movie parts got bigger and more prominent, she married among the most powerful, high-profile and notorious men in show business - Mickey Rooney, then MGM's biggest box office draw; bandleader Artie Shaw, an intellectual elitist who wanted to transform her; and most famously, Frank Sinatra, her true soul mate in pleasure seeking. She also dallied with dozens of lovers, including Howard Hughes, Spain's leading bullfighter Luis Miguel Dominguin, and in a particularly violent chapter, George C. Scott.  However, Server describes a far more complex woman than the men obsessed with her. She treasured close friendships with Ernest Hemingway and Henry Miller, writers who stirred her thirst for greater meaning in her life. And in spite of her hatred of film work, she delivered sterling work in her thirties and forties with "Mogambo", "On the Beach", "Seven Days in May" and "The Night of the Iguana". The author provides plenty of detail regarding her love of alcohol, sex and crude behavior, for example, urinating in the lobby of the Ritz Hotel in Madrid which caused her to be banished from the premises permanently. I would be hard pressed to say Gardner led anything less than a full life, truly the stuff of legend, but Server is rather indulgent in spending a voluminous 560 pages to tell her story. Granted he has obviously done an impressive amount of research, including new interviews with intimates and colleagues, but I have to believe only Gardner's most devoted fans are likely to be interested in all the information presented here. The resulting book is an intriguing account of not only a scandal-ridden hedonist with no regrets but also a proto-feminist who lived by her own rules. Taken from that perspective, the book is an eminently readable, warts-and-all tribute.     