 A sublime, suspenseful confection from Alfred Hitchcock, 1959's "North by Northwest" has become a classic addition to the master's canon even though it lacks the risk-taking gravity of his then-just-released "Vertigo" or the blood-curdling thrills of his next classic film, "Psycho". This stands the test of time as a sophisticated thriller that is alternately clever and contrived, fast-paced and glamorous.  It is the ideal showcase for the debonair but innately accessible Cary Grant, starring as the prototypical wronged man who unwillingly embarks on a perilous odyssey away from the comfortably insulated life he led. Grant seems to thrive best when his character, a successful Madison Avenue advertising executive named Roger Thornhill, is put in inexplicable situations that build into a series of unforeseen events leading ultimately to a seemingly conspiratorial group of spies and assassins by way of a variety of locales that includes Grand Central Station, the United Nations building and Mount Rushmore. For someone used to making up the "truth" in advertising copy for marketing purposes, Thornhill is vulnerable to his own medicine at a much higher cost...his life. After getting abducted by a pair of thugs, he is forced to drink a pint of bourbon under the mistaken assumption that he is a government undercover Federal agent. A murder frame-up follows, and then he is on the run as an implicated suspect. He takes on yet another identity while confronted with even more mayhem and a world of espionage, an unbelieving mother, and Eve Kendall, a mysterious blonde, played with surprising elan by Eva Marie Saint. One wonders why she didn't play more femme fatales during her career...she seems a natural at it. Is it all a little too far-fetched? You bet. But under Hitchcock's sure direction and recognizable visual style, it is also one of the most supremely entertaining of movies.  There are a plethora of memorable scenes, set pieces really for Hitchcock to concoct some suspense in order to showcase his unique visual style. These include the wonderful crop-dusting sequence where Thornhill tries to outrun a nefarious biplane into a dried-up cornfield, the knifing of the real Lester Townsend at the UN and the final scaling of Mount Rushmore's Presidential faces to escape the villains. That's where appropriately the final salvation occurs, and Thornhill and Kendall then end up in the upper berth of a Pullman car just as they started. The film is filled with many humorous touches such as Thornhill's drunken scene at the police station (preceded by a rather politically incorrect drunk driving chase sequence), the extended seduction scenes between Thornhill and Kendall on the train, the auction scene where Thornhill is trying to get captured by the police to avoid the spies, and his unexpected marriage proposal as the lovers hang precariously between Washington's and Jefferson's foreheads. James Mason lends his particular savoir faire to the role of duplicitous foreign spy Phillip Vandamm, and a young Martin Landau is appropriately sinister as the sexually questionable henchman, Leonard. Much of the credit for the film's success belongs to Ernest Lehman, who penned the original screenplay, and Bernard Herrmann for his atmospheric score.  The DVD includes a brief, informative making-of documentary hosted by Saint.     