 Those who have already read John Sperling's fascinating treatise, "The Great Divide: Retro Vs. Metro States", will recognize many of the tenets that author Thomas Frank writes about here. The key difference is tone and context. Frank replaces the data-intensive approach that Sperling and his co-writers took with personal insight and deep-seeded passion focusing on his native Kansas as his prototypical "red state" case study. His theories smack of polemic at times, but the election results certainly heighten their credibility. The author states that conservative leaders in the Republican Party care only about promoting big business concerns, which by their nature, are inimical to those of the average Midwesterner. Recognizing an opportunity to translate their economic clout into a political power base, these leaders have cynically seized upon an unsuspecting populace and fanned the embers of a deliberate and pervasive sense of cultural grievance. The net result is that like lemmings into the sea, the constituents are fooled into voting against their true interests. For reasons known only to them, they place social issues - abortion, gun control and the like - above an adequate income and affordable health insurance. Frank's book has plenty of contempt predictably for the conservative leaders but also for his fellow Kansans. He describes them as deranged and lunatic, people who live in a dysfunctional state. They "revel in fantasies of their own marginality and persecution". Worst of all, according to Frank, evangelical Kansans are often "aggressively pious individuals", zealots who can be expected to "bark and howl and rebuke the world for its sins". These self-deniers believe that too many Democrats are hung up on the right to control one's body, the result being uninhibited access to abortion, and also deaths directly attributable to easy firearms access. The Democratic Party's support for gun control and abortion rights has been the one-two punch that has obliterated party support in the Great Plains. It is the very inflexibility that right-wing Republicans exhibit on abortion, gun control and other emotional issues that forces Kansans and the other disenfranchised to continue electing and re-electing Republicans.  This is quite a charge, and journalistic objectivity is definitely not a hallmark of Frank's writing style. In a tone filled with equal parts vitriol and heart, he expresses his dismay over the shift and tries to seek answers as to why voters faring poorly economically would vote for Republicans whose mantra is to make the rich richer. Frank sometimes overreaches such as his view of capitalism as "borderline criminality", but he provides a strong foundation for his theories. Where he veers off is not examining fully the possibility of legitimate cultural grievances. The only legitimate interests, he believes, should be economic. Frank also does not cite the superior marketing skills of the Republicans, a defining factor during the campaign that has been recognized by not only Sperling but also George Lakoff in his incisive study of political metaphors, "Don't Think of an Elephant: Know Your Values and Frame the Debate". Frank's book is a great anthropological study. Although not terribly successful at explaining the cultural divide, the book manages to exemplify it perfectly in its condescension toward people who don't vote as Frank thinks they should. The political universe is black-and-white to Frank and the bad-guy conservatives are further divided between the fools and the knaves. The fools are the Kansans, the average folks who have been driven into right-wing politics by what they see as the tyranny of the blasphemous, "blue state" power mongers. The knaves are the opportunists, the professionals who see the great right-wing groundswell as a means toward realizing their own personal ambitions. Although Frank is obviously anti-Republican, he is not so openly pro-Democrat, especially since he calls the Democratic Leadership Council a "hothouse of the right". He seems to care not so much about whom is in power as about the powerless who are hurting themselves and thus widening the unhealthy divide between the haves and have-nots. A smart, intriguing read worthy of broader discussion.     