 I was intrigued enough by Alexander Payne's movie version to read the Rex Pickett book upon which it is based. It's refreshing to know that the book and movie, while different on key plot points, are consistent in the penetrating examination of male bonding, unexpected romance and personal salvation. Like the film, the book follows Miles and Jack as two old college buddies, who travel through the Santa Ynez Valley vineyards and tasting rooms in a last hurrah victory lap before Jack ties the knot. But the book does not portray Miles as the sad sack embodied by Paul Giamatti in the movie. Rather, he is described as someone more successful in both the writing and the looks department.  And Jack is not the voiceover has-been played by Thomas Haden Church, but surprisingly, a far more successful actor with a movie career thriving enough to keep the buddies awash in high-end wine and gourmet dinners. That's because the novel has 354 pages to capture the subtleties of these characters versus the two hours of the movie. The drilldown reaps rewards for the reader, especially in Pickett's detailed descriptions of Miles' oenophilia and overall depression with his career and long-ago-ended marriage.  The background behind the two women who become entangled in their lives is also much more fleshed out in the book. Maya remains the wine-loving hostess who catches Miles' eye, and Terra is a gorgeous, sexually voracious young wine-pourer. For whatever reason, Terra is renamed Stephanie in the film and becomes more mature with a daughter. The intersections of these characters work basically the same way in the book as they do on film but with more subtle reflection in the literary form. This is probably the primary reason to read the book after viewing the movie.  The two endings are very different with the novel injecting a disheartening plot twist involving the affections of Maya. In my opinion, the ambiguity of the film's ending adds to the story's poignancy. But ultimately both the book and the film leave Miles and Jack in about the same place of partial revelation. The book is quite a worthwhile read, as Pickett passionately captures the joys of wine and seems equally enthusiastic when it comes to his characters' rants on love, friendship and alcohol dependency. If you love the movie, read the book to fill in some wryly funny, often entertaining context.     