 This one is a gem, and along with "The Best Years of Our Lives", director William Wyler's best film, which is high praise since he has one of the most impressive canons in Hollywood history. This 1936 classic has to be one of the most mature views of marriage and divorce ever provided by the Hollywood studio system, and the cinematic translation of Sinclair Lewis' novel also represents Wyler's signature humanism at its most absorbing. The story centers on the Dodsworths - Sam is a millionaire industrialist who just sold his large automotive company so he can enjoy life with his vainglorious wife Fran, perpetually restless and fearful of getting old. They sail to Europe, as they usually did in 1930's romantic melodramas, and Fran wastes no time in flirting with Clyde Lockert, a young and perceptive lothario who sees the aging Fran for the fraud she is but pursues her anyway. This turns out to be the first of three liaisons Fran selfishly pursues, as the prospect of becoming a grandmother sends her over the edge while Sam patiently waits for her to come to her senses.  Walter Huston gives one of the great screen performances as Sam, perfectly evoking his everyman demeanor in either full bluster or shades of subtlety. In a particularly brave turn, Ruth Chatterton plays his fortyish wife with palpable desperation and vindictive fervor, conveying the pretentiousness of a woman who wants to be Continental but never will be. She loses viewer sympathy with appropriate fearlessness but also with an interesting ambiguity that prevents her from being a stock villainess. In one of his earliest roles, David Niven already displays his trademark cavalier wit as Lockert. Paul Lukas plays the dapper but oily Arnold Iselin, who memorably confronts Sam's hold over Fran with a burning letter on a Lake Geneva villa terrace. Spring Byington has a nice scene as Matey, a friend back home who silently recognizes Fran's indiscretion, and in a memorable cameo, Maria Ouspenskaya shows up as the mother of Fran's new and even younger intended and stops her cold with one classic question, "Have you thought how little happiness there could be for the old wife of a young husband?". Although Mary Astor usually plays the villainous female, this time she plays Sam's new love, Edith Cortright, with such quiet maturity and infectious liberation that it makes the union between her and Sam all but inevitable. Her look of surprise at the end is a wonderfully romantic moment. Full of shrewd observations and barbed dialogue that resonates beautifully, Sidney Howard's screenplay cuts like glass at every plot turn. This is dazzling work by one of the true greats of filmmaking.     