 Brooding and tempestuous, William Wyler's 1939 version of Emily Bront's only novel, "Wuthering Heights", is a masterwork of doomed love, conflicting passions, and unbridled revenge, all set in a romantic, haunted vision of the Yorkshire moors. Samuel Goldwyn considered this his favorite among his many productions, which included "The Best Years of Our Lives" and "Dodsworth". Legendary writers Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur (of "The Front Page" fame) adapted Bronte's book by streamlining it to the first two-thirds of the novel, a point that continues to rile up purists. But frankly, the story ends at exactly the right place in the movie.  Personally, I like it for the slightly over-the-top acting that propels the melodramatic plot and defines the aching beauty of the romance at its core. After years on the London stage and in British films, Laurence Olivier was finally introduced to Hollywood with his surly performance as Heathcliff, the stable boy locked in destructive thrall with a country squire's daughter, Cathy. Though he looks a little too cerebral and sounds a little too articulate for his role (I keep picturing a young Brando in the part), it's an impressive debut nonetheless, and his feral sullenness was put to good use again the following year in Alfred Hitchcock's "Rebecca".  What Olivier does convey particularly well is the heroic tragedy of Heathcliff, as he renounces any power that denies his love with a turbulent, almost demonic sense of yearning. A beautiful woman with hidden half-caste origins, Merle Oberon plays the capricious Cathy to the best of her limited capabilities. It's a full-bodied role for the right actress (ironically it would have been ideal for Olivier's then-fiance and Scarlett-to-be, Vivien Leigh), and Oberon plays certain scenes quite well, especially those where she is not called on to speak. Unfortunately, she handles her death scene as if she was in a Cecil B. DeMille silent movie with hands aflutter, mouth aquiver and eyes widened to the point of looking palsied.  The chemistry between Olivier and Oberon works though, as much of their dialogue is antagonistic apparently resembling their real-life relationship. But their one scene of open romantic euphoria is a beauty, when Cathy rips her formal gown off to join Heathcliff up on Peniston Crag, where she has him fill her arms with heather.  The supporting work is solid though not overly demanding of the excellent cast assembled. A young and pretty Geraldine Fitzgerald plays Isabella, Cathy's sister-in-law and Heathcliff's eventual wife, as the silly, determined romantic she is, and David Niven looks understandably puzzled most of the time as the put-upon Edgar Linton. Best of all is Flora Robson, who seems to breathe the part of the haunted, devoted housekeeper Ellen Dean. Evoking the right atmosphere is critical to this kind of piece, and a huge amount of the credit needs to go to master cinematographer Gregg Toland and art director James Basevi, both of whom capture the windswept bleakness of the novel. And Wyler again shows his innate skill in directing actors toward their best work, Oberon included. The DVD package, skimpy on extras, includes an interview with Fitzgerald, the last remaining survivor of the cast, which is full of candor and wit. Her remembrances are wonderful jewels, especially of Wyler as the exhausting taskmaster of a turbulent set and Olivier as the "only actor I knew who was completely unafraid" -- both to convey the unvarnished truth of his character and to give controversial advice. Apparently, there was not much love lost on the set among the principal players, but Fitzgerald looks back with appreciation and a bit of regret on her experiences.     