 As she proved with "The Shipping News", author Annie Proulx has an unmistakably intricate, often elegant writing style. The eleven stories that constitute her latest book are testament to her talent, though the short story format seems to undermine her ability to deepen her characters as much this time. In certain ways, that works just fine since the somewhat interrelated stories almost feel like parables set in her vision of a rural Wyoming caught in a downward economic spiral. She brings a tough yet big-hearted sensibility to her stories, some more than others. But on the whole the approach balances itself out well.  My favorite of the bunch is "What Kind of Furniture Would Jesus Pick?", which despite its jokey title is actually a serious-minded distillation of the current red-state mentality. It's a compelling tale about a man who can't make a go of his ranch and what it's like to see your traditional way of life eroding on every front. Rancher Gilbert Wolfscale keeps at it, doggedly and half-hopelessly, fighting against the odds to save his land. The author writes about him with a tenderness worthy of a Horton Foote, and with a deep-seeded sympathy both for Gilbert's determination to stay on his home ground and also for his urge to flee. He receives a final blow when saline wastewater pits, the byproduct of coal-bed methane drilling on land next to his, start poisoning his own land. Ranchers are suddenly thrown together with eco-conservationists, but they get nowhere protesting against the politicians and gas company officials who favor proceeding with the drilling. Wolfscale ends up on the open road, driving for the sake of driving and not caring where he's headed. He's about the only character in ''Bad Dirt'' who receives the full measure of her love.  Five of the 11 stories in ''Bad Dirt'' are little more than comic anecdotes about the eccentrics who inhabit Elk Tooth, whose sole distinction is its three popular bars -- Pee Wee's, Muddy's Hole and the Silvertip. In fact, a sixth tale, ''The Old Badger Game,'' is hardly a story at all but an odd animal fable that some drunkard would have told in one of those taverns. The other story worth highlighting is "Man Crawling Out of Trees", which describes through the eyes of a retiring New York couple, the difficulties of being a newcomer to Wyoming. The wife bears the loneliness as best she can, while her husband delights in long drives through his new surroundings, classical music blasting from his car stereo. Through a series of revelations, a flawed marriage is exposed, and the power of place collides with their reality in unexpected ways, and  Proulx is careful not to tip her hand toward where her deepest sympathies lie. As a whole, "Bad Dirt" hangs together nicely with recurring minor characters tying the stories unobtrusively. With the exception of a couple of stories that simply seem out of kilter with the rest, Proulx's book certainly makes the ranchland atmosphere of an economically downtrodden but physically beautiful Wyoming come to life.     