 I have to admit that the hype around Brian Wilson resuscitating his long-ago aborted "SMiLE" album seems rather daunting, especially when one considers how the Beach Boys have long lost their luster as a great rock-and-roll band. I still shudder when I hear "Kokomo", as I feel that was their commercial nadir and a far cry from the heights they were able to reach with the wonderful "Pet Sounds". The soaring vocal harmonies always seem to be there, but the creative songcraft appears frittered away. That's why I had little hope that the newly recorded "SMiLE" would be anything but nostalgic prattle produced to earn a buck. But the quality and integrity of this recording pleasantly surprise me. Obviously modeled after the Beatles' classic "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band", Wilson has come up with a disc that has a similar range of songs that seem to flow seamlessly one after the other. Whereas the Beatles used the British music halls as their inspiration, Wilson, with lyricist Van Dyke Parks, has fashioned something unmistakably American moving from turn-of-the-century ditties to the more familiar surf's-up music.  Except for the opener ("Heroes and Villains") and of course, the closer (the classic "Good Vibrations"), none of the songs sounds like a breakout hit lacking the overall catchiness of "Pet Sounds". In fact, a few of the songs like "Vega-Tables" are just plain strange. At the same time, Wilson's singular musical vision is pervasive throughout with sophisticated orchestrations that deepen the deceptively idiomatic lyrics. Although his two brothers are now gone, he still manages a good semblance of those youthful harmonies with his crack backup band. Even "Good Vibrations" sounds refreshed and has more contextual resonance given the music that leads to it on the disc. Wilson's voice, though coarsened over the years, still captures an optimism and innocence that he seems to truly believe now. I will not go as far as calling this album a masterpiece (and will probably be stoned for that by most of the previous reviewers), but I can appreciate Wilson waiting 37 years to complete this project. It's obvious that musically he may have been ready a lot earlier than this, but emotionally he seems to be right on time.     