 Charlotte Simmons is as unlikely a protagonist for a Tom Wolfe novel as one can imagine, but the author has more in common with his virginal college freshman, female no less, from the backwoods of North Carolina than one would think. Like Wolfe, she is an acute observer of the life around her, and the author seems to enjoy voicing the fears and awkwardness this girl feels as she enters the prestigious and fictitious DuPont University in Philadelphia. It is rather strange to read a Wolfe book that doesn't turn on male hubris on a broad canvas of settings and lifestyles, but I admire how he gets inside the character within the confines of the campus and the life it breeds independent of the outside world. Where my admiration wanes is in Wolfe's valiant but misguided attempt to give this girl's life an epic sweep and Victorian-style pacing that would make even Henry James blush.  The focus of the multi-layered plot is on the dilemma anyone Charlotte's age faces, how to find her place in this world without succumbing to the debauchery around her. And though she makes friends with a couple of girls as lost as she is, it is unsurprisingly the boys who seem to promise salvation. Three are eager to hook up with her, each of course representing a different college archetype - Adam, the sensitive nerd who works for the student newspaper; Hoyt, the dangerously manipulative hedonist to whom she can't help but be attracted; and JoJo, the dumb jock who is the token white on the college basketball team. Wolfe seems to revel when he inhabits the male mind and frankly from the reader perspective, it is a blessed relief from Charlotte's ongoing angst among the snobs who exclude her.  The book is typically voluminous for a Wolfe novel - nearly 700 pages - but the timid, sometimes whining subject does not seem to warrant the length as it takes quite a while to get to the inevitable milestones in her small life. And for all the sometimes great, sometimes embarrassingly dated prose Wolfe spews forth, Charlotte is not all that interesting since she remains basically a cipher, even in a pivotal scene where one should feel her pain but where Wolfe, as a true journalist, characteristically keeps his distance. The author does attempt to broaden the themes of the book, but one can't help but feel that Wolfe is the wrong writer to tell Charlotte's story, that his gift for satire and pointed caricature is wasted on people who have yet to form their identities. This is an intriguing attempt at something different replete with some nicely written passages, and not as humiliating as some reviewers might have you think, but I have to say I am disappointed by the result. Yet I still believe subpar Wolfe is better than most others' best efforts.     