 Bombastic with an undeniably glossy sheen, the soundtrack to the film adaptation of the smash 2001 Broadway musical version is almost as much fun as the movie itself. With music and lyrics by Mel Brooks himself, the songs have his trademark one-liners embedded in catchy music that seems at once a tribute and a parody of Tin Pan Alley show tunes. Purists will likely scoff at the exclusion of numbers from the stage version, though the extractions are relatively minimal. They stand up surprisingly well without the visual cues of the movie, and some performers, in particular, Nathan Lane and Gary Beach, sound even better here without the distraction of their antics.  An actor who uses song as a true extension of his character, Lane as Max Bialystock dominates the vagrant immorality of "We Can Do It" and "Along Comes Bialy" with comic brio. His showpiece, "Betrayed", is especially effective here as he recaps the story in breakneck speed, even including a Bernstein-like interlude of his fictitious childhood in the Midwest impersonating his mama. The disc gratefully includes Max's big opening number from the stage version, "The King of Broadway", which Lane performs with lacerating wit (the song was inexplicably dropped from the film version). Co-star Matthew Broderick has a pleasant enough voice, though it sometimes seems at odds with the schlubby character of Leo Bloom. He handles the open yearning of "I Wanna Be a Producer" nicely and even the Gene Kelly-style duet with Uma Thurman, "That Face". However, I find his big climactic ballad, "Til Him", a bit too treacly though fortunately it is undercut by Lane's more confident vocals.  As flamboyant transvestite director Roger DeBris, Beach makes the most of the ensemble number, "Keep It Gay", and does a wonderfully hammy Judy Garland turn with "Heil Myself" in the middle of the big "Springtime for Hitler" production number, still intact from the original 1968 film version. Thurman does well vocally as Ulla, the sexy Swedish secretary, though her allure is obviously far more visual than the other characters. She handles "When You Got It, Flaunt It" with surprising panache, though her faux-accent does get in the way of her part in "That Face".  New to the film version, "There's Nothing Like a Broadway Show" has some hilariously scabrous lyrics about Broadway economics, and as delusional Nazi Franz Liebkind, Will Ferrell does a hilarious Celine Dion take-off on the syrupy, Titanic-like "The Hop-Clop Goes On". There is also a one-minute bonus track exclusive to the disc sold at Border's - Ferrell singing "In Old Bavaria" with his pigeons, cute but not a must-hear. Producer Doug Besterman has done a fine job by providing a crisp sound to the recording. I only wish the CD package included the often clever lyrics in a booklet. Regardless, thanks primarily to Brooks, Lane, Beach and Ferrell, this disc is often great fun just like the movie.     