 I hadn't thought about Paula Cole in quite a while until I found THIS FIRE buried at the bottom of a stack of CD's I had been collecting to get rid of.  I put it back in my stereo and made the decision to keep it right then and there.  In some respect, I felt like I had rediscovered her.  I had forgotten how her voice awed me.  Of the three singles from the album, "Where Have All The Cowboys Gone?" "I Don't Want to Wait," and "Me," I only one I really liked was "Me," but these songs are not entirely representative of the talent of Paula Cole. Some of the songs, like "I Don't Want to Wait," the intro to "Tiger," the screaming fits her voice reaches on "Throwing Stones" and "Nietzsche's Eyes," seem very self-indulgent, like Sting on estrogen, but if Ms. Cole wants to show us exactly what her voice can do, her song writing skills gave her a great backdrop to do just that. .... Sometimes over-operatic or over-restrained, Cole remains very intuitive and musical in her delivery of her unabashed lyrics.  She knows no bars in songs like "Tiger," "Mississippi," and especially "Feelin' Love," where she discusses her sexual experiences without reserve. "Tiger" is great for Cole's delivery of the main line, "I've left the girl I was supposed to be / and someday, I'll be born."  "Mississippi" and "Road to Dead" both display a gothic intensity.  Cole's abilities on the piano are shown on schizophrenic "Nietzsche's Eyes" and the pulsing drive of "Throwing Stones," but Cole is still no Tori Amos.  I love "Me" for its lyrics, but who knew just how sexy Cole could be until you hear "Feelin' Love."  She gives us every known sexual metaphor (pistils and stamens, the Amazon) and delivers it all with such longing and breathy awareness as to steam up a mirror.  Listen to the vocal acrobatics during the last minute and a half of the song, and a vocal sparring between her and what sounds like Sophie B. Hawkins, although there is no mention of her in the album's liner notes.  A theme in many of Cole's songs is leaving behind inhibitions to become liberated from religion, the trappings of abusive relationships, and the shackles we place upon ourselves; it just happens that Cole likes to explore the sexual aspects of these themes most often, much like Tori Amos.  The guest appearance of Peter Gabriel in "Hush, Hush, Hush," both seems appropriate to the album yet very self-conscious for Cole, like she needed his appearance to ensure the success of the album.  I feel the album would still have felt complete without Gabriel's cameo. I'm glad I didn't throw THIS FIRE away, and I have a feeling that I was supposed to find it in the bottom of that stack so I could discover the power of Cole's voice all over again.     