 The first I'd heard of Four Tet was his incredible and very sensual remix of Kings of Convenience's song "The Weight of my Words" from their VERSUS album of remixes, and I had heard another from the PAUSE album. Every song on ROUNDS is organic and melancholy.  The album reminds me a little of Bjork's VESPERTINE or Zero 7 except with an Asian feel.  Several of the songs seem to overlay a Japanese mandolin such as on "She moves she."  The song starts off with a great train-track beat which almost deceives you into thinking it's a dance song, but the quiet mood of the song quickly takes over, and much like the rest of the album, it turns into a song to be enjoyed with headphones.  The song is calming but soon the ease is interrupted by distorted cuts which detract from the previous mood but aren't forced. "My angel rocks back and forth" seems a little more industrial, but not like NIN; it too takes a turn toward quiet crystalline keyboard sounds, like Bjork's "Pagan Poetry" from her VESPERTINE album.  "And they all look broken hearted" starts with a drum solo fighting through smoky air to be heard, but the Asian melody comes through and then fades away behind the smoke as well.  "Unspoken" starts off as dynamic as the manic "Spirit Fingers" with a constant thumping beat, but even that slows down to let a sad piano melody reach the front, and at over nine minutes, the song could either lull you to sleep or make you cry. The sadness of the album is the main feature that captures me.  The music seems nostalgic almost and reminiscent, perhaps because of its folksy touches, and not folksy, say, like Cat Power, but with much the same sadness and melancholy.  Song titles like "And they all look broken hearted" continue the theme. I'm not sure who this album is for, but since I love a song that can make me cry, the entire album is satisfying for me.  The album is perfect inspiration for writing love letters that you'll never send.  The title of the last song really exemplifies the album, but not "Slow Jam" in the R&B sense, but in the sense that you can put on your headphones and slowly be taken away, maybe even a younger, more innocent state like the babytoy sound in "Slow Jam" comes to remind you of.     