 During the first thirty minutes of Magnolia, you wonder "Will this thing ever slow down?"  The movie speeds ahead at freight train pace, and a lack of attention will leave you behind, but the speed is nothing short of exhilirating.  At other points in the movie, you'll ask "Is there a point to all this?"  That question is answered in a few of the storylines, but not all.   The superb ensemble cast, including Julianne Moore, Melora Waters, Tom Cruise, and Jason Robards among others, makes this movie, along with Anderson's interesting direction.  Each storyline, none of which are "sub"plots, zoom ahead down their individual paths.  Julianne Moore's character comes closer and closer to the brink, Tom Cruise's sex-guru is slowly taken apart by a journalist and his own past, and John C. Reilly's cop character tries to find love while a move of dramatic irony shows that the woman of his dreams (Melora Waters) should be someone he needs to arrest.  Jeremy Blackman, a newcomer playing Stanley the quiz-kid, gives a great performance as a character you can't help but sympathize with. All these conflicts and intersections are finally brought together with an act of Biblical proportions that truly displays the uniqueness and innovation of P.T. Anderson and his directing. And in the words of Stanley, "This is something that happens."  While not all of the characters find happy endings, Anderson makes a genuine effort to try to make sure they all find something they've wanted (whether consciously or subconsciously) at least. With movies such as "The Green Mile" and "Titanic"  equalling the length of "Magnolia," Anderson's vision is still not quite as mainstream as these other blockbusters and therefore didn't shatter the glass ceiling of ticket sales, but I bet Anderson really didn't care if he made millions from his film.  After "Boogie Nights" and its success (which starred a few of the same actors as "Magnolia"), Anderson was finally able to explore more of his directing skills (whether they hit their mark or fell flat) and this was the satisfaction of Magnolia.  Although, I admit, I laughed so hard seeing Anderson's jaw drop, being comforted by girlfriend and fellow enfant terrible Fiona Apple, at the Oscars when he didn't win Best Director.  However, congratulations to Tom Cruise for his nomination and to Anderson for pulling this amazing performance out of him.  I expect a lot more from Anderson in the future, and he just might deliver.     