 Jonathan Safran Foer must have been one of those creative, mercurial children whose imagination got him into a lot of trouble with his parents.  As a first-time novelist, his depth, his imaginative glances at love and life, his use of language, his wit all lend to a prodigious talent. The first thing that attracted me to the book was its cover, black and white and graffiti-like, but the clincher that made me purchase the book was its glowing recommendations by some of my favorite authors: Russell Banks (THE SWEET HEREAFTER and AFFLICTION), Jeffrey Eugenides (THE VIRGIN SUICIDES), and Joyce Carol Oates, who says the most accurate statement about the author: "He will win your admiration, and he will break your heart," which he thoroughly does without fear and without trepidation. There are three main characters: the hero, also called Jonathan Safran Foer, who travels to the Ukraine in an attempt to find a woman who once saved his grandfather from the Nazis.  The story uses several Jewish anecdotes, but it does not get bogged down in Holocaust miseries.  The tone remains triumphant, even among such miseries, tears, and pain.  Alex, Foer's Ukrainian guide, is the life of the story though.  He starts out hilarious with his overly-enthusiastic thesaurus usage (exchanging "exhausted" for "fatigued"---I fatigued the phone book looking for the number---or "dub" for "call"---Do not dub me that!), but we slowly learn about his true heart and love for his family.  The sections of the novel in which Alex must translate that Foer is a vegetarian and does not eat meat are hilarious.  Finally, in a fantastical history that Foer tells in order to describe his family heritage, we meet Brod, whose father is not her father, who is the envy of her town, and who loves a man who beats her. The mood of the novel switches rapidly, through romance, comedy, tragedy, sentimentalism, self-indulgence, irreverance, wit, charm, and magic, but mostly, Oates's quote tends to be the most true: Foer will break your heart, but he will heal it as well.     