 IN THE BEDROOM absolutely knocked me off balance.  I sat on the couch, watching this film, with my hand over my mouth half the time, a subconscious response to the tragedy unfolding before me.  This film contains the same powerful force and resonance as did REQUIEM FOR A DREAM and EYE OF GOD, which coincidentally starred Nick Stahl in another tragic role.  It is very depressing to watch though; I ask myself sometimes if I am a masochist, subjecting myself to these difficult films. The performances are "pitch perfect," a compliment which has been bestowed on Sissy Spacek numerous times.  Spacek is one of the most consistent actresses present who never lets us down with a less-than-perfect performance.  Here, her rage and sense for vengeance could match even that of Carrie's.  At the end, when her character, Ruth, asks her husband, "Did you do it?" the chills you get are indescribable, like a modern-day, small-town Lady MacBeth and her own "Out, damned spot!"  Tom Wilkinson, trying on a New England accent, which you'd never know isn't first-nature to him, plays Matt Fowler, the husband.  His steely stare, his pallor, indeed, his voice all make me think that no one else could've played his role.  The casting was inspired.  Marisa Tomei, greatly undervalued due to cheesy roles in movies like WHAT WOMEN WANT, strikes many chords.  The scene where she visits Ruth to express condolences is devastating.  William Mapother, as Richard Strout, is terrifying. This movie is more about things unsaid, things kept to oneself, which is more apparent in Andre Dubus's short story upon which the movie is based.  The restraint shown in the performances and in the directing style of Todd Field makes the scenes all the more tragic.  How can a parent ever be happy again?  In the end, the feeling that Matt's actions are justified even if they are not merciful strikes the biggest chord.  When he says, "I couldn't wait any more," we all sympathize; we would've even done it for him if it hadn't meant so much for him to do it himself. When REQUIEM FOR A DREAM used nightmarish striking imagery to enhance its message, IN THE BEDROOM uses images of the everyday and mundane, images far more affecting because we see them everyday ourselves, a fishing lure, an envelope in the mail, a trip to the market, a photo on the wall.  I hope this movie brings a special significance to these mundane artifacts, to elucidate their precious nature.  Bravo to all those who helped bring this movie to the public and congratulations for the well-earned awards it has received.     