 It was the first track on this album, "Summertime," that first introduced me to The Sundays.  I heard the song on the radio, but sadly, it never caught fire, and I saw the video for the song, which was simple and not too eye-catching, but it was the song itself which caught and held me.  It was upbeat, positive, infinitely catchy, and the chorus possessed an inescapable hook when Harriet Wheeler sang "And it's you and me in the summertime."  It seemed a song built on memories of running in fields barefoot, flying kites, or singing songs around a campfire.  But, it never caught on, and I was ashamed that the US didn't grab on to this band. However, "Summertime" is not the only good song on the album.  STATIC AND SILENCE is one of those rare albums that you can play all the way through, without skipping tracks, and get the same sense of serene calm from each song.  Apart from the faster tempo of "Summertime," most of the other songs run a slower pace, except for "She" which clicks and clacks along with "...hearts pounding everywhere."  "Your Eyes" is also another faster song (faster compared to the rest of the songs) which features a flute accompaniment. Other highlights of STATIC AND SILENCE include "Folk Song" if only for its lyrics: "Dusty lane with a song in my brain / and it stoned me to my soul."  Having grown up in a small Southern town, "Leave This City" is especially poignant and notable.  "Monochrome" documents July in 1969 when the lunar landing occurred, but all from a child's point of view: "They're dancing around / Slow puppets Silver ground." The Sundays display a similar system with several of their songs such as "Monochrome," "Homeward," and "When I'm Thinking About You" when they build up to a definite climax in the song.  It also sometimes feels like they end a song too abruptly, but then the next song starts, and you feel lucky they've moved ahead and treated you to another taste of their music.  STATIC AND SILENCE is a great album and one I never get tired of listening to.     