 The Sundays are a remarkable band, and BLIND was their sophomore effort at music writing.  I have not listened to their first album, WRITING AND ARITHMETIC, but I have listened to and reviewed their third and latest album, STATIC AND SILENCE.  I must say first that I enjoyed BLIND, but I also thought STATIC AND SILENCE was better, mainly because of its more mature sound, vocally and instrumentally.  But it is still a pleasure to see a band grow from one album to the next.  I will enjoy listening to WRITING AND ARITHMETIC as well to see where they started off from. The main difference between BLIND and STATIC AND SILENCE is the mood.  STATIC AND SILENCE is much more positive and upbeat while BLIND is, as one reviewer put it, "shoe-gazey."  Some songs on BLIND appear at first to be upbeat but then turn at the end to show some remark on death, like on "I Feel" when at the end, Harriet Wheeler sings: "Open that ground up / and slip down."  Or on "Goodbye:" "Give me an easy life / and a peaceful death."  These are both great songs.  "Goodbye" makes me want to go out and buy a guitar, but the mood and tone of each song seems out-of-synch when sang in Harriet Wheeler's crystalline voice, but then again, I could think of no one else singing these songs. Other songs, like "More," when Wheeler sings of being caught in a rainstorm, seem more dramatic and sensual.  "Life & Soul" seems more experimental and less driven by voice or instrument; it is more impressionistic like a Monet painting.  "Blood on My Hands" is my favorite because it features the true power of Wheeler's reaching voice. Finally, there is The Sundays cover of The Rolling Stones's "Wild Horses," which I find draws divided debate.  I love the song; I love their cover.  I don't think anyone has covered it better, but I understand it is a departure.  Most people I find don't like it at all, but oh well, you can decide for yourself. If you want to see the progression of a band's potential and musical skill, then please, get this album before you get STATIC AND SILENCE, but if you are merely looking for a good introduction to THE SUNDAYS, get STATIC AND SILENCE first, and you will not be disappointed.     