 When Basement Jaxx's REMEDY came out in 1999, they accomplished something very few others thought possible: the gave techno music a heart and a sense of humor.  ROOTY is the next cycle in their creative vision. Odds are you've already heard a few songs off this album and just didn't know it.  Songs like "Romeo," "Where's Your Head At," and "Do Your Thing" have already been licensed off for car and clothing commercials, and when you listen to the album and run across these songs, you'll instantly recognize them as that "insanely danceable song from that annoying commercial," but no, this is not Dirty Vegas.  I even heard the lead single, "Romeo," the other day on NPR radio.  I was shocked! Some people may call this "selling out," but I disagree.  In order to get their music out into the public, some artists simply have to find loopholes, but this does not outweigh their artistic sensibilities and integrity.  As long as more and more people find out about their music, Basement Jaxx aren't the only ones who benefit; we do as well. A few of the songs are annoying, like "Down Di Di..." or "Crazy Girl," but most of the songs are head-on, straight-forward, shake-your-butt songs.  No one can accuse Basement Jaxx of being repetitious.  "SFM" is sexy and skitters on light percussive clicks and clacks to describe a "Sexy Feline Machine."  "Broken Dreams" uses a medieval sample as its accompaniment.  "Get Me Off," which was also used in an episode of QUEER AS FOLK (very appropriately, I might add) has to be one the most devilishly (and most overtly) sexy songs in years, and one of the most breathy as well.  "Do Your Thing" uses a jazzed-up piano as vocalist Elli sings "All I need is a bumpin' beat to bump away my blues." This is a great album and certainly lives up to the hype created by REMEDY.  Basement Jaxx is on their way to changing the attitude and face of techno music and, hopefully, changing how the public feels about it.  It doesn't have to be repetitive or cold and calculated or inaccessable, but if Basement Jaxx gets their way, it will at least have a heart.     