 Poe's HAUNTED is designed to be both a tribute to her late father, Tad Danielewski, and a companion piece to her brother's mammoth literary creation, HOUSE OF LEAVES, a haunted house story like no other.  It was the relationship between her album and this book that first attracted me to the album.  I was amazed by the book and then, pleasantly surprised by the album. HAUNTED starts out with several heavy hitters like the title track, "Control," and "Walk the Walk."  "Walk the Walk" rocks more than anything on mainstream radio, except maybe Sting or Bon Jovi, but it's toward the end of the song when Poe's thunder has somewhat calmed when her father's voice comes over to say: "It's a wonderful idea...but it doesn't work."  He provides certain revelations along the span of the album.  He's not talking ABOUT the album of course. It's after the 9-minute long epic "Wild" that Poe's songs become more thoughtful, but sometimes boring like is the case with "5&1/2 Minute Hallway" or "Lemon Meringue."  "Not a Virgin" is hilarious as Poe tells everyone "In fact, I've been all over town" then follows up with the statement "Tell me something dangerous and true."  "Hey Pretty" continues the sweaty atmosphere.  Is it a coincidence that the video for "Hey Pretty" features mud wrestling and some pretty suggestive car washing? Some artists jumped on the Latin explosion bandwagon and ended up failing miserably (98 Degrees' "Esta Noche"), but on "Spanish Doll," Poe crafts a successful downtempo gem of a Latin ballad in which she compares herself to a tattered doll her lover has neglected and broken.  "Could've Gone Mad" is a fun song in which Poe tells her desired "If you want a dog or a big bullfrog, I've got room for them."  "Amazed" shows another facet of Poe's personality; it sounds like a Tori Amos song with only slightly cryptic lyrics. Finally, there is "If You Were Here." A truly touching and even haunting song as Poe's father's voice comes in to have a conversation with his daughter.  It's amazing how the clips from his life fit perfectly in with the lyrics of the song. In HAUNTED, Poe has crafted a very good album filled with wildly diverse genres of songs, giving us a peek at her emotional personality.  Every song is infused with passion and strength, and she wants us to know that she got it from her father.     