 Res is an amazing new artist who blends soul, rock, and street savvy with a touch of jazz and rap.  She looks like Sade's younger sister with Lauryn Hill's dreads, lyrics like Alanis Morrisette or Fiona Apple, and an edgy singing style like another newcomer, Mystic. I bought the album upon hearing "Golden Boys," a great tell-off song with a unexpected background of strings, no less, and was pleasantly surprised to find several other great songs like "They Say Vision."  The song's driving chorus and Res's cool delivery got me ready for the rest of album.  "100 Mile Situation" and "Ice King" slow the tempo and feel of the album and add that touch of jazz while examining the two difficult relationships. "How I Do" is Res's own doing-things-my-way anthem.  The song offers one of Res's best lyrics: "To get inside this head of mine/Would take a monkey wrench/And a lot of wine."  In "If There Ain't Nothing," Res's harmonies skitter across syncopated jazz piano riffs while she tells her love she rather be alone than be his fool. However, the gems of the album are saved for last.  The trio of "I've Known the Garden," "Let Love," and "Tsunami" give the album true closure.  I think the order of the songs on the album is very fitting, especially between these three songs.  "I've Known the Garden" displays a lilting guitar and more edgy vocal harmonies.  "Let Love" is the best song on the album.  It acts as a response to Amel Larrieux's "Get Up" as Res says: "I wanna get up/Instead I give up/Sometimes life dictates what we hate."  The bridge on "Let Love" is beautiful and hopeful. Finally, there's "Tsunami."  A guitar, the rhythm section, and a deep driving cello set the atmosphere for the perfect love song as Res sings "Ride this wave of mine." Overall, HOW I DO is a breath of fresh air is today's music atmosphere. Res is genuine and heartfelt and can certainly perk up a bad mood.  The lyrics are beautiful and more concerned with feeling and emotion and spirituality rather than politics: a perfect mood-enhancer.     