 This is a remarkable books in so many ways.  As other reviews have indicated this is not intended to be a complete biography but rather information gleaned from a review of the archives of Justice Blackmun  LInda Greenhouse focused mainly on three topic.  The first is the ending of a friendship between Justice Blackmun and Chief Justice Burger.  The two men grew up together.  Burger was the leader bringing Justice Blackmun with him.   When Justice Blackmun arrived at the Supreme Court he slowly became his own man and the friendship falls apart.  In her reliance on the Blackmun papers only we can only see one side of the fissure but even that shows when old friends go their own way it often is done by small slights that in each detail is irrelevant but together are significant.  The second theme is the change in Blackmun"s  attitude toward the death penalty. In small steps the responsibilities of the Court required Blackmun to more fully understand the implications of the penalty until finally he no longer could support it.  Again the change is beautifully detailed and we feel from his writing as portrayed by Ms Greenhouse the depth of the change.  In this portion of the book we learn how difficult it is to predict how sitting on the Court will change people.  As we see the selection process for a new justices begin we should remember that people do grow with responsibilities and not to be to quick to characterize a nominee.  The last focus and the most detailed portion of the book is the identification of Justice Blackmun with the Roe decision which he wrote. Starting from the beginning of the research at Mayo Clinic the focus of the decision was the protection of doctors.  As Blackmun developed his view he became more concerned about the rights of woman.  Roe became his legacy and he worked hard and even stayed on the Court longer to be sure the case was not reversed.  The book also provides a wonderful insight on how the Court operates.  Justices that have different views are friendly.  The letters and the notes between the justices are fascinating.    The theme is the change in Blackmum as he served.  The lesson is that as we watch the Court we forget that the justices can change and that there is enormous pride in the institution.    In summary this is a wonderful book by an author who obviously respects her subject      