 Enron will live in infamy with other well known corporate scandals.   The demise of Enron was the direct causation of the Sarbanes Oxley Act which redefined how public corporations must act.  When one reads through Eichenwald's book it becomes clear why reforms were needed.  Enron was a company that was totally out of control.  The environment starting with its compensation method focused on the deal maker and did not even think about the basic elements of corporate control.  Nobody cleared transactions.  Nobody understood what had been agreed to.  All of these weaknesses are discussed in the book very well  Eichenwald clearly identified the good guys, the weak guys and the bad guys in the book.  Andy Fastow was the evil man.  He seemed completely motivated by greed and totally acting for his best interest.  He is portrayed as a liar and a crook.   Jeff Skilling is the most interesting person in the book.  He is shown to be brillant and creative.  On the other hand he seemed totally unfit to be the COO of anything.  It is hard to understand how he could have trusted Fastow in the position he was in. As Enron began to collapse it appears that Skilling becomes mentally ill.   I find it hard to believe that Skilling did not understand what was happening.  Sometimes the person who should know and turns his back on the activity is the worst.  Ken Lay the last of the big three is portrayed as a glad hander who just wanted everything to be okay but brought nothing to the party.  I am waiting for his trial because it again appears to be hard to believe.  There also are heros who stood up for the shareholders.  People who left or fought the good fight such as Jeff McMahon and Kaminsky.  The problem with this type of book is that one wonders who spoke to the author.  There may have been some special pleading.   Having said all of the above the important point is that this is a great page turner.  The style is engaging.  The author does not spend too much time trying to explain the complex financial transactions, but focuses on the human story.  It is a great read and will be the landmark book on this sordid subject.        