 I spent most of the summer reading this wonderful book.  I only read it on the weekends relaxing on my porch and was always anxious to reacquaint with the young man who would become FDR.   It is a testament to this biography that after reading almost 800 pages I was sorry to see it end.  With all this praise one might think that I understood FDR.  I finished this book no less able to draw a conclusion about the man who would lead our country through two of its greatest crisis.  Question abound in  my mind that probably can never be answered.  The first and most difficult question is what was so special about this man that he could lead.  As this book points out he was not a giant intellect,nor a hard worker or even a visionary.  Somewhat like our current President he muddled through his youth.  Most of what he accomplished was a result of his family name.  The easy answer is that polio changed him.  That is not satisfying when it is recognized he is nominated for Vice President before he got sick.  I remain uncertain and Mr. Ward does not really help in answering the unanswerable other than possibly in his prologue.   From reading this book one might come to the conclusion that FDR did not really relate to anyone.  He lived a distant life from his wife and children.  Possibly it was only Lucy Mercer who reached him.  He was dominated by his mother but even there he was independent. LOuis Howe and Missy Le Hand were totally devoted to him but it does not appear he spent much time with Missy when she become ill.  His battle with polio is beautifully told.  I take away from that his ability to be optimistic and positive against all odds.  He showed perserverance but only really when his ambition was involved.  Yet even in this case he chose to spend his time in Warms Springs somewhat removed from the other visitors and did not spend time with him family.   As the above review shows, a First Class Temperment is a wonderful book because it presents the subject in tremendous detail.  It does not draw conclusions.  Mr. Ward introduces us to FDR in transition.  We meet him and see him grow.  We see what kind of president he will be. I admire FDR.  I am not sure that I like him much.  I know I loved the journey and thank Mr. Ward for setting it out for us.  I hope that Mr. Ward will read the review and maybe indicate what he thought of his subject.  Maybe he will even write the next volume.   For me I will continue my education by rereading No Ordinary Times,  Conrad Black's biography and Arthur Schlesinger"s 3 volume set.  I doubt it will answer any of my questions but I look forward to the experience.   Geoffrey Ward thanks for the experience.     