 If it were possible to give this book a negative star rating I would as it subtracts from the sum total of human knowledge and understanding Every period in which women's status and independence have improved has seen an  increased interest in women's self defense. It has also been associated  with a backlash in which women are told that they are weak and  helpless. The late 1960s and early 1970s was such a period. Female  self-protection began to emerge for the first time since World War II. And  the inevitable backlash appeared in the form of Fred Storaska. Storaska  billed himself as the world's foremost authority on rape although he had no  credentials in criminology, law enforcement, psychology or any related  field. He offered no facts, no research, not even personal experience to  back up his opinions. One can only speculate as to his authority to speak  about sexual assault. Storaska's message was simple. Women can't fight  back effectively. They can't escape. Their only hope is to plead, beg, and  humiliate themselves in the hopes that the rapist can be dissuaded. The  book is a fairly complete list ofa all the classic rape-supportive myths  presented without evidence or analysis. Fortunately, later research has  thoroughly debunked his poisonous and disempowering theses. Every piece of  peer-reviewed academic literature on the subject (and my wife and I did a  very thorough review article in the field) has shown that yelling, running,  and violent physical resistance all reduce the completed rape rate from  over ninety percent to less than twenty percent without leading to an  increased rate of injury on the part of the resister. Storaska's beloved  strategies of passive verbal techniques and self humiliation do not reduce  and may actually increase the rate at which the crime is completed. And,  contrary to How to Say No's unsupported statements, a woman using a knife  or firearm will not have it "taken away and used against her".  That particular strategey reduces the completed rape rate to as close to  zero as the sample size will admit. He was never popular with law  enforcement. His main source of speaker's fees was conservative political  and church groups. Fortunately for women who wish to avoid rape he faded  into well-deserved obscurity with the growth of the women's self defense  movement in the early 1980s and increased academic research in the  field. This book can not be viewed as anything except an example of bad  advice presented tendentiously. Its only possible value is historical and  as evidence as to how far we have progressed in a quarter century. [The  author of this review is an adjunct professor in the Portland State  University School of Community Health, a self-defense and martial arts  instructor and state co-director of the American Women's Self Defense  Association]     