 Pat Buchanan's entire career has been one of pandering. Mostly to nativist, hard-right large-C-Christian ideologues. In this book he adds new classes to his audience - theocrats and undisguised racists. First he makes an explicit case for Christianity as the foundation of American values. And not just believing Christians but the heretic-burning Crusade launching "God Wills It" sort. It would be funny if he wasn't showing a pathetic (or willful) ignorance of American history. It wasn't that long ago that anti-Catholic sentiment wasn't just acceptable, it was very common. From the Know-Nothings and the Klan to the debates as to whether Jack Kennedy was an acceptable president because of his (and I quote) "Papism" old Pat wouldn't have been allowed in the Conservative front door for much of this nation's history. He resurrects the old shibboleths of "unassimilable" minorities who don't share our values. Strangely enough he includes Central and South Americans.  If this Father Coughlin-loving writer really believed that Christian values were the foundation of American he would welcome Latino immigrants. After all, they are, like him, strongly Catholic. And they go to Church more than Anglos. In fact, they aren't that different demographically from the Irish immigrants from whom he sprang. Except that today's "unassimilable" Catholic immigrants are more likely to have finished high school than Pat's ancestors. He can't be unaware of the venom and hatred to which his forbearers were subject. "No dogs or Irishmen", "Man wanted - no Irish need apply" and "Up a long ladder and down a short rope. Hurray for King Billy and go f**k the Pope. Down Croppie, lie down!" were common slogans until early in the twentieth century. The era of the "Yellow Peril" and the Anti-Chinese Societies is also something he must have heard about but seems to have conveniently ignored. America wasn't over run with hordes of, and again I must quote "Chinamen". And now the Chinese are considered the "model minority" by those who put labels on such things. There is also remarkable silence on the recent wave of Russian immigration.  In short, Pat isn't really concerned about immigration and the decline of the West. He is most concerned about non-White immigration and the erosion of his demographic supporters. We can do better than this. I urge all of you to spend your time and money on something more worthwhile.     