 I am amazed that a professor, a talented academic, would regurgitate myths without digesting them and would fail to do even the most cursory historical analysis of her subject. Really. Let's look at your presumption that adultery is something new among women. Yes, I'll grant you all the qualifiers, in twentieth century America among White people. Et cetera. Et cetera. Et cetera. As far back as the 1940s, according to Jared Diamond, at least 10% of babies born to married women could not have been sired by the husbands. When you consider that that was based only on primitive blood typing the actual numbers have to have been higher. A lot higher. Benjamin Franklin, a champion adulterer if there ever was one, said "One can not pluck a fair rose without risking thorns nor enjoy a fair wife without risking horns." as well as "Marriage without love leads to love without marriage". Speaking of women, women's liberation wasn't about women going to work. In this country it was about White women going to work. The Red and Black and Brown and Yellow ones had been out there earning livings for a long time thank you very much. And up until the 19th century most of the White ones had worked in family enterprises of one sort or another. Back in the 19th century it's estimated that most European and American men gave it up for the first time to prostitutes and in many circles got as much nookie in the red light districts as they did in their homes. In fact, through most of history marriage hasn't entered into for romance or sex. Partnership, the household economy, raising children, social and economic alliances, yes. "Luv"? Not really. That came later (Cue Tevyeh in "Fiddler on the Roof" "Do you love me?") Marx, cost benefit analysis and on-the-clock comments aside anything worthwhile improves with practice. And any serious relationship from professor-grad student to engineering design team to husband-wife requires team building and work. You really do get out of it what you put into it if you're lucky. The work can be fun. It can be rewarding. But if you want something that's really really good you have to work really really hard some times. Let's talk about sex, since we're talking about adultery. Any fool can figure out what to do with Tab "A" and Slot "B" - and usually does. But there's a huge difference between, say, the services of a fine hetaera and unskilled labor performed by a bored trull in a cheap motel. There's also a difference between the finest cognac and hooch brewed up in a car radiator. They'll both get you high, but the difference in craftsmanship really is worth it. Likewise there are couples who do the minimum - sex once a week, minimum of assigned chores with minimum of grumbling, kids at soccer on time. And there are ones who make the effort to be interested in and interesting to each other, who take it seriously and get a lot, if you want to go all economist about it, for their investment. If you haven't experienced the difference I'll just say that there's no comparison. It takes time, sure. But I get the world out of it - great sex, someone who will keep my secrets and guard my honor closer than her own, a friend who knows me better than I do myself, someone who will care for me when I am sick, raise my children keep my home like Hera, challenge me, guard my back, and cry for me when they put me into the cold cold ground. By what possible standard could this be bad? How greedy and grasping would a person have to be to demand more? How miserly to count the cost? Since "Against Love" is at least partly a Marxist screed let's take a closer Marxist look. Marx wasn't against work. What he despised was the separation of work from the worker, the actions of a person reduced to a mere interchangeable commodity. If a marriage or relationship is pure drudgery that's bad. If you get personal satisfaction, self improvement and the rest, then it's glorious - fruits of the sort of labor Marx heartily approved of.     