 In twenty years, it may become fashionable to ask the question, "when did you fall off the Bush bandwagon?"  just as "where were you when Kennedy was shot?" was popular in the 60s.  For me it was the two weeks that Bush didn't own up to the yellow cake fiasco, instead the administration blamed the British (our only friends), Condy Rice's undersecretary, the CIA and just about everyone else for the erroneous reference.  During that time, Tenet took the blame before the President did.    Woodward's book is an amazing, fly-on-the-wall look inside the Bush administration's war planning.  Whatever baggage you bring with you to this book will shape the way you feel when you walk away from it.  Bush himself recommends this book on his website, which says something.    For me this book showed that Bush put together a hasty and ill conceived plan for attacking Iraq, based on WMD, and convinced himself that Iraq had the WMD.  To me it shows a President who fooled himself, not just the American public, and that is more dangerous than any lie a government can tell.  Far from being an attack on Bush, this book is more a revelation.  Rumsfeld is a pushy old bafoon, Tommy Franks is a military genius, Colin Powell (at least in this situation) is an ineffectual coward or a dedicated team player, Condy Rice is a sycophant who never leaves the President's side.    Plan of Attack should be required reading for anyone who cares about America.  It's a shame that the Scott Peterson murder trial gets more coverage than the things in this book.  This book should be discussed and debated in high schools and colleges.  For me the Bush legacy will be more tragedy than triumph.  History dealt Bush a straight flush and for one magnificent year he played it beautifully, uniting America and decisively taking apart Afghanistan.  But with Iraq, he clearly overplayed his hand and divided the world.  I wasn't happy to see that, and no one should be.   Maybe history will be kinder to Bush than I have been here, and for America's sake, I hope so.       