 Pros: Very compact, low-profile, with an excellent full range of sound, Sleek, Stylish, and Surprisingly Effective Cons: Only one device input; no balance control; unidirectional speakers; Fragile; Pricey The Bottom Line An excellent bedroom CD sound system that has the potential to transform your sleep habits. Compact and Stylish, this mini-system produces a quality of sound above and beyond that of any competitor its' size. I'm almost afraid to refer to this product as invisible, as one of the things that enticed me to purchase it was its' amazingly unique style. You may have first seen this stereo alongside the bed of Tom Cruise in "Vanilla Sky." The sound you heard in the theater is comparable to what I get at home out of the JVC FS-SD1000. Expensive? Yes. But worth every penny.  Taking up almost no space; the speakers are only a little over an inch in diameter, they appear more like modern works of art than useful utilities. When I turn it on, people frequently ask me where the sound is coming from, and they scarcely believe their eyes.  The large, yet also stylish, subwoofer creates deep bass tones that resonate throughout the area, while the minimalist speakers carry the higher tones to a real full and rich sound that is rare in flat speakers.  The body itself holds one CD, through a glass cover, that slides back and forth before rising up to allow access; all to the glimmering of a bright, flashing blue light. If you are not careful, it is possible to jam the cover and lose your investment. But for those who take care of their electronics, the subtlety of the movement is quite intriguing.  Easy to convert into a home theater system, and loud enough to fill a 2000 square foot house, this system has almost no flaws. It manages to play CD-R and CD-RW but does not have the capacity to play MP3CD. This is a minor flaw, but if it gets to you, purchase a cheap little MP3 player and plug it into the back. The remote is small and simple, but the translucent white plastic matches the system nicely, even though it will likely clash with the rest of your remotes.  Overall, it is a beautiful system with true and crisp sound. You have all the volume you need without losing all of your desk space. It may be fragile, but those who purchase expensive mini-systems such as these tend to take good care of them.  Impressive to both the eye and ear, the FS-SD 1000 is a great choice for those who want crisp, clean sound; and those who want to save room or just plain look cool.     