 Pros: Solid build quality, excellent screen and keyboard, perfect out of the box Cons: Heavy, so-so battery life, features only "average" for the price Summary: I really liked the keyboard, the feel of the keys being much better than most other low-priced machines, and the screen was very sharp and bright. One thing I didn't like is the weight, over 8 pounds with the battery, much heavier than the competition.  After hearing so many stories about problems with laptops, I quickly unpacked it and fired it up. I was happy to see the solid case for the machine, it's plastic but it's quite strong. I was also very happy to see no dead pixels, something which seems to plague many or most laptops. In fact, manufacturers don't even consider a few dead pixels a defect, despite how annoying they are.  I was happy to see the on-board tutorial which makes set-up a snap. Also, back-up CD's are provided for the system, something which many manufacturers are beginning to cut corners on.  I also quickly tried out a DVD, something which many laptops stumble on. Playback was perfect, with crystal clear images and decent sound. The CD-RW capability also worked as advertised, again a stumbling point with some machines.  Overall, I'm very satisfied with the Toshiba. It is heavy, no doubt about it, and battery life is only mediocre, at just over 2 hours. Speaker quality is decent, considering it's a laptop with tiny speakers. It certainly won't rival a good 3-piece desktop speaker set, but no laptop will.  But everything works perfectly, and there are a few nice extras that many machines cut in favor of cost savings. Like the floppy drive, the CD controls on the outside of the machine , so you can play CD's without having to boot up the machine, and the volume thumb wheel on the front. This is much nicer than having to wade through menus just to adjust the volume. The Toshiba is well thought out with a solid, quality feel. It feels like they designed the computer to do a job and then priced it accordingly rather than deciding on a price and then cutting costs to meet it.     