 Pros Cheap, Indestructible, Light, Blocks out external sound really well,  Cons Poor sound quality, very poorly designed headband, Ear cups hurt my ears, Not comfortable, Too large, Cord extremely long. The Bottom Line They crank out way too much bass and not enough treble. I'd steer clear, but they are cheap and readily available The first indication should be the price: These headphones are only 19 dollars. It's hard to nail down Sony's market for these things, exactly, but judging by their appearance and "reference headphones" name they're trying to pass these things off as high output sound booth style 'phones.  The headphones have nice large earmuff style cups on them, with foam padding and a cloth cover. They fit my ears fine, and I have big ugly stick-out ears, so chances are these things won't have laws-of-physics conflicts with too many people's ears. I did notice that the headband is a little tight and it certainly isn't very flexible. If you have a melon head you may not want to wear these for long periods of time. The headband is also very hard to adjust, at least on my pair, and is so tight it feels like I'm about to break it every time I resize it. It does stay put very well, though, so it is likely a set-and-forget sort of thing unless multiple people will be using the 'phones.  How's the sound? Well, it [stinks]. But it can be fixed. Sony boasts a bass response of 12 hz for these 'phones, which is a boldfaced lie. If you did get the cones on these things to resonate at 12 hz you certainly wouldn't be able to play much else through them at the same time. As far as concrete audio frequencies go these 'phones do no better than any other cheap ones on the market, but Sony decided to "atone" for this by jacking up the bass volume on these things to insane levels. I couldn't get much else out of these headphones without creative use of a treble boost and an equalizer, and even then only at moderate volumes. It's trendy to pack entirely more bass than you realistically need these days (just check out just about everyone's custom car stereos), but in a pair of headphones it's ludicrous. If the audio gizmo you want to use these with doesn't have good bass and treble controls, tough. In that case you aren't getting much out of these 'phones.  If you can tone the bass down a bit these 'phones are average and quite suitable for non-critical listening, but professional headphones they ain't, and accurate their sound rendition isn't, but cheap they are. I personally don't like them a whole lot, but your mileage may vary. NOT RECOMMENDED!     