 Pros: Small size. Good ergonomics. Screen on back. Still photos. Compact tapes & batteries. Cons: Expensive. MicroMV format may or may not equal MiniDV. Lens could be more wide-angle.  I found the camera easy to carry, though I kind of wish it had a neck strap. I think the size is about right - not too small to handle, but still very easy to carry. One complaint/frustration was that its lense doesn't seem to be as wide-angle as I'm used to - trying to tape inside buildings, etc. I found myself constantly backing into corners and still cutting people off at the waist, etc. - I may have to look into getting a wide-angle lense for this. Of course, I was trying to tape inside 150 year old houses with small rooms, so that didn't help. As for video and still quality, all I can say is that they look fine to me - I watched for pixelization or other artifacts reported as being problems with MicroMV, but haven't noticed any even in dark areas. I will say that experimenting with the night shot and super night shot, I don't see much use for them - I could hardly distinguish what I recorded in these modes. I was impressed by the ability of the still camera and flash to take decent photos of buildings from around 50 feet away in near total darkness. I didn't expect the flash to work at such a distance, but the photos came out quite well. One reason I selected this camera was that I thought it was better designend for use in underwater housings than the PC120BT I was also considering - primarily because the screen is on the back rather than flipping out to the side (which requires a much larger housing, or not using the screen). I didn't get a chance to try the camera in an underwater housing on this trip, but I still think the design will lend itself to this application. Ergonomically I prefer the IP220, but I have lingering questions about whether I sacrificed video quality by going with this model. But that's based on others's comments on previous MicroMV camcorders - not on any problems I've seen with my own camera or video. I haven't yet loaded video or stills onto my PC for editing, so I can't comment on that.     