 I received this game as a gift from a friend of mines who works on FOX, and played this game for about an hour or two on his PS2. And after reviewing this game, I must admit that the graphics were quite stunning, the storyline was quite amazing, and the storyline itself does indeed follow the same single-day format like it was shown on Season 2 and Season 3 on 24. The only problem was that there were many times where the storyline doesn't follow the same exact order like Season 2 and Season 3, which sometimes gets me confuse with who's what...and what was I suppose to do.  Part of the reason for this seems to be that the game only focuses on the actions of the hero-type folk, like Jack and Tony. The show, on the other hand, switches back and forth between CTU, bad guys, the President and other connected characters, which essentially buys enough time for monotonous actions for each side of the law. For example, while a group of CTU folk are traveling to scene, the show would then cut to terrorists or whoever as they plot their evildoings. Cut back five minutes later and the CTU agents have arrived. As the game doesn't (or at least hasn't yet in just over five hours) cut solely to the bad guys, there isn't any of this "good guy down time" for them to cover up.  There are a couple of early examples of this in the game. In one instance, Tony and Sean, a new analyst at CTU, are cross-referencing a list of bodies found at a location and those who were supposed to be at the scene of the crime. One name doesn't match the bodies, so Tony says that they should talk to him. The camera immediately cuts to show Jack trailing someone, which lasts about 20 seconds. The next cut shows President Palmer on-screen at a live press conference, which lasts about five seconds, and then you see that Tony is watching this feed in his car as he's pulling up to talk to the suspect. In other words, it only took 25 seconds for Tony to get from the inside of CTU, into his car and then drive to his destination....which makes this game quite "odd" and "unreal."  To me, I believe that the designers are not taking to seriously of the realism of the game, but rather just wanted to speed up the pacing of the game. It does work to keep things moving, but it's a bit of a change from what you'd expect to see on the show, which is somewhat odd considering how closely other aspects of the presentation matches the program.  Despite that controversy, there are some good things about this game (obviously). The most impressive thing I found so far is how well the cut-scenes match the show's cinematography. There's a hand-held quality to them, plenty of zooms, tight focus shots and such that really match the work on the show. Some of the in-game conversations are a little more generic and videogame-like, but the preset, directed stuff I've seen so far is great. It's one of the things that makes the show seem so urgent and chaotic (which is a great thing), and the game has done well so far in matching that feel. The characters also look rather excellent and very closely resemble their real life counterparts.   But overall, to not bore you to death, this game is totally awesome, and is a must have for all 24 fans. I would definitely recommend buying this game, if not...at least renting it. It's a really cool game to play and very easy game to beat. Overall, I'll give this a 8.5/10!     