 Pros: Looks, ease of setup, picture quality, inputs, features, decent sound, Subwoofer, Styling, Plays SACD's, 5 disc DVD, DTS + Dobly, CDR+VCD readable,  Cons: Price, speakers, remote designed for looks, not for functionality, Sound Can Get Tinny During Music Or When You Need It Loud, bass too soft, need to put some lights on the remotes, lack of inputs, poor remote, limited expansion options, slow disc changer, limited amplifier controls Summary: First of all, it only took 30 minutes to setup this system. The speaker wires are color-coded to the speaker and the receiver. Under the speaker stands states where each speaker should be stationed. The subwoofer can be stationed anywhere but I would suggest you place the sub somewhere close to your couch potato seat to get the full effect of the weak sub. The wiring should be long enough. The most differentiated feature of this system is obviously the standing surround speakers. As for the system itself, the four aluminum polished-look tower speakers would be a complement to any living room. In addition, the receiver is relatively compact. In fact, it is smaller than my Toshiba and Sony VCR. It also has a silver look with glass LED and DVD tray opening. You have to give a pat in the back to the design department of Sony to fit 5 DVD changing ability into this compact box. The remote is one of the better looking remotes from Sony. Unfortunately, it doesn't have the indigo look. The remote can only control your TV and the system itself.  The coolest thing for this system is SACD. Who cares if you don't have or can't afford SACD. One day when you come across one, you can say, "heh, my DVD player is compatible of playing those discs." FYI, the cheapest SACD player from Sony is MSRP at $350! Even some DVD players cost less than that these days.  The biggest downside of this system is that it has only 2 inputs. The suggestion is hook up a quality VCR & you will gian 2-3 extra inputs from the VCR unit. Also by hooking up to the VCR, it will prevent your parents from playing with your PS2 or XBox. Overall, I was pleased with my dream system despite the cons that I stated. It's a must try!!     