 Pros: Compact size, fits on a bookshelf, with surprisingly warm, rich sound, Great Look Cons: Might want to add a subwoofer, Distortion on higher volume, incompatable with CDRW. Summary: I was intrigued by its classy round cherry-wood speakers, and its glass motorized cd compartment. The player is a joy to look at. Orange light surrounds the cd and also illuminates the sharp screen that is on front. At night time, this light can be dimmed incase the brightness is bothersome.  The unit has several features. First, it plays cd's. Unfortunately, this unit came out right before the CDRW (CD REWRITABLE) boom and will not play cdrw's. It will, on the other hand, play most CDR's. It only has one cd slot, so dont expect it to be as functional as a changer. Next, it can be used as a standard radio, and receives AM and FM channels rather well with the included antennaes. Thirdly, it as an input for a mini disc player or another external source, like even a computer or television. This is very useful. With an inexpensive cord from radio shack, you can hook up almost any audio component. It also features a nifty remote control so you can control it from across a room. The remote is layed out nicely and is easy to use. A clock and alarm clock is also built in and functions great.  As far as quality, this system is clear as can be. Although its speakers are small, they where able to pack in tiny little subwoofers to give decent bass. An external subwoofer connection is also built into the system, to enhance bass even further. On lower volume levels, the quality is great. Rap, rock, classacal, is all reproduced excellently by the speakers and can easily fill a small to medium sized room with rich full sound. On higher volume levels, the sound is distorted and stresses the speakers, so i recommend that you don't turn the volume above 30.  Overall, great quality, looks, and a brand name I trust makes this a great unit. If you need a system for a small room, get a system with class, and get the JVC FS-SD9.     