 Pros: 1.) Ease of operation. The camera is very user friendly. Just by messing around with it for 20 to 30 minutes I figured out how to operate most of the functions.  2.) Great price. I was looking at sony p7 and canon. Both of these cameras were nice and had a few more options than the Nikon but I like the Nikon's style and functionability better.  3.) LCD screen. I liked Nikon's screen better than Sony's just because it was recessed. With Sony's if you set it down on a flat surface then the screen would have come into contact with the surface Cons:  1.) My friends have reported little white spots of light on their pictures. I have noticed a few little spots on pictures that I've taken but they aren't bad. I have also noticed that these spots will occur on other cameras, even disposable. 2.) Battery life is about average. My batteries usually last 45 minutes to an hour. I have rechargable nickle batteries.  3.) The 16mb memory disc is standard but I got a 128mb one as well so that I would be able to hold plenty of pictures. This is my first digital camera.. It takes great pictures but like everything it is not perfectIt is easy to figure out how to use and the controls are well placed for its small size. But it really is small and sometimes it is awkward to handle but the small size is great for travel and is small enough to fit in a loose pocket comfortably. I would have liked a bigger memory card. I bought a 128mb card when I bought the camera. I took about 150 pics on vacation and had room for about 150 more. 64mb would be plenty. You really should buy rechargeable batteries. This camera goes through batteries rather quickly. I bought regular alkaline batteries  they lasted about 5 minutes I then bought Lithium batteries :). The rechargeable batteries die after taking about 50-60 pictures. The movie quality was pretty good and you can edit the movies on the camera. Shutter response time is slow. In low light without the flash pictures become very blurry. I would guess the shutter automatically stays open longer to compensate for low light. I have not found a way to prevent this. On high quality the write time to the card seems long, about 7-8 seconds. I would like more features that you would find on a higher priced bigger camera but I wanted this to travel with and it worked great for that. It gave me good prints and it was pretty easy to use. Overall it is a great camera that anyone could use.     