 Pros: Price, Image Quality, Compact, Sturdy, Weather-proof, Large LCD, Easy to use, Fast, Features, User friendly, Fast Shutter, Clear pictures, No frills, 5" LCD, Good Flash at nights, Captures nice outdoor images, and Rechargeable Battery.....what more can you ask???  Cons: No Viewfinder,  No sound with movies, Uses expensive xD cards, fixed aperture, blurry corners  Summary: I purchased this about a month ago from Costco and it came with a 64 mb reader card. This is only my second digital camera and I don't know much about them but for someone who is use to a traditional point and shoot 35 mm camera this seems to be a great way to go.   I was very impressed with the shutter speed, the fact that the photos are so clear and bright and ease of use. I like that there is NOT a view finder (only the nice large screen) which is really all you need with digital in my opinion. Also the screen is very clear in any lighting condition. Unlike my old HP camera where it was a struggle to even see what you were shooting on the screen in the sunlight. It has Bright Capture Technology which means it takes great photos in the dark and it is true. It has great shooting modes that are easy to figure out thanks to the user friendly on screen notes & icons. For example, there is one for documents which works great. Before this camera I never even knew there was such a thing. There is also one for sports/action photos.   I am still trying to learn what I can do with the fun software. Its very easy to load on the computer and retrieve your pictures, but I have a lot to learn and not much free time. There is always the option of just taking the xd card in to a store and printing from it as well (which I haven't done yet just to show you what a novice I am). As far as the cards being pricey I am not sure why that would be an issue since you can copy your pics from it and start fresh with the same card over and over. The battery seems to last a VERY long time and is fully rechargeable which is a huge plus since my last camera did not use rechargeable batteries and burned them up extremely fast. It got to the point where I stopped using my old HP digital camera because the batteries cost so much and it was cheaper to buy a disposable camera and order a disc with it.   Like I said, I am only a novice when it comes to digital cameras but so far this seems to be an excellent buy for someone like myself. Also, Costco told me when I bought it that if I tried it and didn't like it I could return it for a full refund. How could you go wrong with an offer like that? Go for it! And Enjoy!     