 In his book, "ULTRAMETABOLISM: The Simple Plan for Automatic Weight Loss," Dr. Mark Hyman begins the book by explaining to the audience a few alarming statistics on what America people faces today - one of them is that American children can expect shorter life spans than their parents. He believes that children's obesity rates have tripled over the past 40 years, and in the last decade type two diabetes has increased by over 1000 percent! With such a high obesity rate occurring with young children's today, Dr. Hyman reveals throughout the book the causes behind today's obesity epidemic: a) The Starvation Myth: Eat Less + Exercise More = Weight Loss; b) The Calorie Myth: You Can Control Weight By Counting Calories; c) The Sumo Wrestler Myth: Skipping Meals Helps You Lose Weight; and d) The French Paradox Myth: The French are Thin Because They Drink Wine and Eat Butter.   Understanding how our bodies run is essential to achieving ULTRAMETABOLISM. He utilizes the word `ULTRAMETABOLISM' as a groundbreaking concept called nutrigenomics -- the science of how food is information that "talks" to our genes. His concept is simple: by learning how to work with our bodies instead of against them, we can ignite the natural fat burning furnaces that are lying dormant in each of our bodies. Throughout the book, I have found Dr. Hyman very insightful in explaining the key principles to "reboot" the bodys metabolism by reprogramming our genes to automatically burn fat and keep weight off for good. He concludes with a basic instruction manual for the body to help viewers like us to create what Dr. Hyman describes in the program as "hormonal harmony between your brain, gut and fat cells to control your appetite." Tips include eating real whole foods, eating breakfast and omega 3 fats daily, fitting in more fiber and anti-inflammatory foods, making protein part of every meal, drinking clean filtered water, and eating every four hours. Through this book, I have been able to lose more than 10 lbs.....and the results all paid off when my best friend said "WOW...your body looks sooo different and sexy!" I highly recommend this book to anyone who is interested in losing weight fast, efficient, and effective. Overall, I give Dr. Hyman an A+ in his remarkable book. Go try it out, and I promise you'll see the results!!     