 This was an ambitious undertaking for the British film-industry, to big-budget the legendary but partly mythical British air-stand in 1940 when complete German victory may have seemed as forgone a conclusion as US victory in Iraq. It certainly outdoes earlier nibbles at the Battle of Britain by fair films such as 'Angels one-five', chiefly by virtue of being far more ambitious with vastly more budget. The aerial-stable is impressive particularly by virtue of borrowing or purchase of German bomber and fighter types from the then current obsolete Spanish airforce, we have a good supply of two main German Types of the battle, He-111 and Bf109(well, sort of Bf109s, from the windscreens back) but are lacking several others that could have made the air-combat scenes slightly less reptitive , the Heinkels peeling-off smoking and diving vertically into the sea in the same old way, which was not 100% convincing, anyway. Not to be denied  by the lack of infamous Stukas, they clearly use models in the sole appearance of the notorious German terror-planes. The same disintegrating explosion is played several times, and THAT  dogfight looks too much like what it is, a good RC-plane dogfight, but a bad real dogfight.Using heavier larger-scale models with 4-stroke engines would have helped. CGI would have been the answer if it had been available or even conceived-of in 1969.However, with this Stuka-scene, the shots of the shambles of the inside cockpit of a shot-up Stuka, with a helpless  Stuka-gunner calling vainly to his already dead or unconscious  pilot as the aircraft plunges to its doom,  are very good.Perhaps Stuka-men are not the most sympathetic of brave doomed airmen.Akin to U-boat crewmen, perhaps. You do feel a twinge, though, but nevertheless,  youd do this  to these guys as well. The film also has some animated exploding aircraft, especially the scenes of Spitfires or Messerschmitts plunging howling and smoking a long distance away and down from the camera, to finally disintergrate with a fireball 'croomp' , which Im pretty-sure is animated. This sequence, like the disintegrating wing-folding Stuka( which looks pretty-good but is re-used too many times) is re-used and re-used, and frankly, neither the effect itself nor the frequent incidence of it, together with the He-111 plunging vertically into the sea,(re-used several times as well)  constitutes breathtakingly effective special-effects, even for 1969.I dont know if the film won any special-effects awards or not, if it did, they must have focussed on the best, and ignored the worst, which abounded.  Sadly the complete lack of flyable Hurricanes meant that this type which outnumbered the more famous Spitfire was absent from the aerial-action of the film, though the taxiing ones they had looked and sounded great. (I love Hurricanes) Important aircraft like JU-88s, Do-17s, and Me-110s,do not appear in the film. Now these aircraft are rare, and may not exist anywhere in flying condition, but some do exist in museums in the UK, and if some or all of these were borrowed and simply-seen idling engines-roaring  or even taxiing , this would have added to the spectacle of the film, frankly. Likewise proper German Bf109s exist,in museums,  and if they arent airworthy,could have been shown in ground-scenes, and it really would have raised the quality of the look of the film. The first-half of the film perhaps works better than the latter. The scenes of the Hurricanes in France and what happens to them were very convincing. One technical clanger is the huge German panzer rolling towards Dunkirk in a German Army column, complete with kill-rings around its huge gun-German tanks of the Blitzkrieg were not the formidable huge 88mm Tigers of 3 years later in the war, they were 10-20 ton Mk 1 and 2 pop-gun jobs comparable to most contempory  British tanks. The film gets the 1940 British atmosphere, perhaps, but scarcely really tells the story of the battle, perhaps that wasnt even possible or the intent.We are subjected to too many scenes of just 5 flying Spitfires in a vic,  obviously all that could be mustered. Aircraft purists will know that the Spanish AF German planes differ fairly substantially from the ones that actually fought Britain, ironically Spanish AF Ha- Bf109s have Spanish-built Hispano-Suiza RR Merlin engines( Like Spitfires and hurricanes, ironically) and it changes the appearance of a Messerschmitt because for one thing the engine is right-way up instead of an inverted-vee injected German DB of the original. Ditto for the Spanish Heinkels, end up with engine-cowlings like Lancasters, because the same basic  engine. Film has a whos-who of British film-industry, Caine, Plummer, Andrews, Shaw, York, Olivier, Ralph Richardson, Fox, McShane, Moore, on it goes, and of course, like 'A Bridge too Far', means character-development is not even really attempted, apart from Plummers and YOrks romance, Yorks angry outburst at the RAF NCO yelling at her, and Shaw  shouting to 'give them a bloody-shovel' ( Skipper hates jerries, lol) Its disjointed, gives a collage effect.Same effect as 'A bridge too far' and perhaps to a lesser extent, 'Tora tora Tora'.  The authentic German cast is convincing, including Hein Reiss the Goering look alike,Curt Jurgens the cultured German ambassador in Switzerland, friends with the British ambassador,  and Major Falke the German-ace who likes the good-life in Paris, is confidant of victory, shoots down several hapless British, (including Caine, Perhaps) but gets his comeuppance on Sept 15, the climax and turning-point of the battle, in most opinions. The score is good, especially the main Luftwaffe theme, all oom-pah-pah as the Germans laugh uproariously at  feeble German jokes and are in high-spirits that victory is not far away.It clearly isnt German-music, but rather a British composer sending up German martial music. Its very good, helps atmosphere greatly.The RAF theme is soaring, glorious  and exhiliarating like the zooming roaring Spitfires. A must-see,(because of the dearth of relevant alternatives) good experience, but several glaring  faults.     