 Loved this film when I first saw it as a 9-yo ww2 airplane-crazy  kid at a neigbors house, none of the limited special-effects taint it then, anymore than they did 'The Battle of Britain'. This movie is based on a book of the same name, I've never read the book, cant name the author, but the mission itself is an imaginary-one, but does reflect bits and pieces of actual Mosquito-bomber exploits in ww2: the mid-film raid on the Oslo Gestapo building to kill their own captured Norwegian-resistance friend before he can give it up under torture was resembling a job Mosquitos did in both Oslo and Copenhagen Denmark-tragically also hitting a school and killing many Danish school-children in that otherwise successful raid. One other famous Mosquito exploit was the aptly-named 'Jericho' raid on Amiens medieval prison in the French countryside, to blow -down the walls and release French resistance fighters held by the Nazis.This raid is imitated in the later film 'Mosquito Squadron', with David McCallum, which is a perhaps inferior film to this one, and re-uses some of 633's canned Mosquito flying footage. The film is a fair-classic of the genre and like the even more atmospheric and heady (and true-fact) 'Dambusters', has a memorable and rousing score, this one by Ron Goodwin, who wrote many scores for war-films-this would be the best one, and is worth checking-out on your legal pay music download site, frankly(winks) The comments by people here concerning the special-effects are true,as Ive attacked to some degree the special-effects of 'the Battle of Britain', 633 has more excuse, would have been far less ambitious lower budget. But the twin-merlin Mosquitos are as gloriously acoustically and visually British as Dambusters Lancs  and 'Battle of Brits' Spits and Hurricanes. And '12 Oclock High's Fortresses, one might add.  George Shakira's casting as a Norwegian Resistance fighter(or any Norwegian!)goes down as one of the casting oddities of celluloid history. If you havent seen it before, youll like it, if you love good airplanes, airplane footage and sounds, it'll probably actually get you high. The remarks I saw here about the rationale of the Mosquitos wooden construction being about shortage of aluminium, well, cant rule it out totally,without loking into it first,  but would point out that the specially glued plywood skin  obviated the need for 100s of flush-rivets as metal-skin planes have, resulting in drag,and loss of speed,  and this aircraft was conceived to be fast enough to evade enemy fighters by speed alone, without the need for defensive or offensive guns, which the  bomber and recon glass-nosed Mosquitos actually were unarmed, and Luftwaffe found it almost impossible at first and always difficult to intercept them, even when they could see them comiing. Despite being wooden, they were also regarded as a remarkably sturdy aircraft that frequently returned with major battle damage. The Mosquito was also one of the few twin-engined planes which was claimed could not merely  fly on one engine, but even climb comfortably with one engine stopped and 'feathered'.     