 Well, why not get the positives out of the way first. I thought Id brought home a good even great one after the stunning 'Battle of the Bulge' jeep-scene and chase in the opening sequence. Tense little scene, beautifully-filmed, this was the highlight of the film in the first 10 minutes in terms of convincing atmosphere, I really believed I was in this jeep stopped by German infiltrators dressed as Yanky MPs in the Battle of the Bulge, this sort of thing in very general terms was happening then.  And for further credit, the experienced-guy whos 'on the ball' and 'gets wise' to these 'Krauts',  spots the heavily-camouflaged German weapons-pit in the snowy tree-line ( eyes sideways while nervously chewing cigar, looked right.) and makes a sudden brave move on these American-speaking German  Kommandos doesnt kick-asse or even make it, is actually killed outright immediately, as the odds would generally guarantee.The other guy roars off in a sequence recalling James Caan's jeep-rally in 'A Bridge Too Far' but after looking like he might make it, the jeep crashes to a wheel-spinning engine-revving halt in a hole . Bravo.Thats a cut! Top war action-scene, frankly.  The old     'For you zee war iss ofer, Schweinehund!'    trick.   Fair-enough. We have a fair but routine POW convened criminal trial, with some PC overtones, good-guy German Kommandant( there were bad Germans , like Anton Diffring in this war, and jolly-decent Germans, to allow for the fact Germans  became good when the Russians simultaneously became bad in 1945. All the bad Germans like Anton Diffring we either hanged or shot, or employed at the CIA or NASA, so we definateley only had good ones around from then on-oh yeah, a lot of the good Germans like Rommel and Canaris were also disposed-of  by the bad Germans)more PC overtones with falsely-accused good black- man by racist bad white-man (Cole Hauser, who steals the film, perhaps, I like this actor, seen him around, always good value) BruCe Willis just walks through being Bruce Willis,  and on balance we are travelling solidly but routinely, and then comes the preposterous 'Hogans Heroes' without the laughs , ending. This ending should not have been attempted without Sergeant Schultz, Colonel Klink or at least, Major Hochstedder. Prisoners mass-escape and blow up sinister grenade or ammunition-factory next-door on the way out, 'changing the course of the war' Oh, dear.  One previous-reviewer asked 'did anything like this ever happen in the war?' NO, it did not, Nothing remotely like it.  Prisoners occasionally escaped, they did not blow up German plants on the way home, and even if the had, this is weeks after the Battle of the Bulge where the main character is captured, the war was within 5 months of conclusion at the end of this battle, and the destruction of one ammo or grenade factory BY ANYBODY was not deciding the war at any point in the war, let alone January 1945. Allied bombers had been blasting factories like that routinely for 3 years without seeming to even slow the Germans down.  Average-good Army court-drama with stunning opening action sequence and stunningly ludicrous idiotic childish comic-book ending premise. Worth a look,  but dont be in any particular hurry.     