   im amazed at some of the reviews here saying they want to hear Bozorgs side of the story, even that he has made a TV doco about his heartbreak at his estrangement from his daughter, urging her to reunite with him. His poor pure muslim Iranian heart, shes-a- breaking...oh, please. His pride is hurt, hes humiliated, even the poor naive woman he enslaved and mistreated eventually got the better of him and got  away,millions should be so lucky,  as for 'DR' Borzog Mahmoody,  imagine what his family and friends will say! C'mon,  I doubt its a good idea for his daughter,  any more than Bettys original union wiht this man was, or her double gullibility and  folly  running off to his country with him.  We may all enjoy docos about medieval times or even movies in the medieval setting, doesnt mean we should harbor romantic fantasies about going and living in a medieval showcase in the modern era. And thats what she has done. She was foolish, but really, is there a side to what this medieval affected man has done, even if its 'cultural' ?    Man kidnapped, imprisoned enslaved and brutalized a naive American woman who was comic-book naive, but how does this mean Bozorg has a 'side'? Only side he would have is if the entire story is untrue, which probably he will allege just that.   If this happened in America , without the woman being actually taken out of the country, if she was held prisoner in an attic in rural or suburban USA, by her husband even, and if shock-horror, the husband was not a member of a minority under liberal PC protection, woud the perp then too, have 'his side' to tell?   I realize some of the reviews written to that effect were by children, and maybe one or two  by  liberal Canadian public servants, maybe a couple more by college-students, and some others still by members of THAT culture,  Im just wondering what the rests bloody excuse is.  I just hope that country of Borzog Mahmoods doesnt  actually get a nuclear bomb, pray to whatever God you hallucinate about that THAT  doesnt happen, I think anything is justified to prevent that. Bring on Osirak II.     