 It's a must read for those who would like to treat their brain good and give it something to chew on! The way the author presents the relationship/interdependence between body and the genes (vehicles and the replicators) looks like a paradigm shift compared to how Darwin's theory has always been represented, till now! What's nice is Dawkins doesn't jump the idea on you, he takes you smoothly thru the development of replicators in the primeval soup, the result is that by the time the meat of the theory is presented, you would have already been asking the question - why didn't we think of it this way before? I found it highly interesting the way he discussed the idea/motivation behind family planning, the idea of welfare state, and also rightly questioned the motivations behind the way some 'purist' religious groups and their leaders encourage their followers against use of contraception, some of them even outright encouraging the idea of multiplying like guinea pigs. And if you are curious about why the 'faithful' followers would be gullible enough to listen to those rantings, read the authors take on 'faith' - faith is capable of driving people to such dangerous follu that faith seems to me to qualify as a kind of mental illness! - I personally have never come across a better definition of 'faith'!  I always liked reading Dawkins because of the lucid ways he explains complex scientific phenomenon. I am sure ESS (Evolutionarily Stable Strategy) has been an extensively researched subject on which many isoteric publications have been there in scientific journals, but the way it's explained here is really easy to understand and at the same time it does not dilute the strength of the idea. Equally interesting is the way in which Dawkins introduced the idea of 'meme' and used it to explain genetically unsuccessful traits (e.g. celibacy, martyrdom and most importantly, altruism), and it is like the light at the end of the selfishness tunnel, he asserts that human being do not have to behave selfishly because they are genetically programmed to do so. The book is really so packed with ideas it's hard to list down all the interesting questions those 'we' didn't ask, and the answers to those with explanations and interesting excerpts from the animal kingdom, the bottlenecked life cycle (starting life from single cells), phenotypic effects and speculations that human bodies of today might have been a result of mergers of different organisms, whose DNAs still hitch a ride in our cells today! It's simply mind boggling. And don't miss out the endnotes, witness a couple of scientific (or unscientific) theories being ripped apart!     