 In 1990, when I bought this book, I was starting my teaching career in Audio and Electronics. Although I had read many books on the matter, this one was the one I chose for the first lecture I gave on Advanced Sound  Systems. The need for a book like this came up after 6 years being a pro  musician and being a senior year EE student. There is no Audio Engineering  taught course in my country, so everything I know about this topic is by  reading books. My experience as a musician also helped. This book is very  comprehensive. Let us analyse it in its most important chapters.   ** Math  for audio engineers. I never read it. Of course it covers the minimal  mathematical background that every sound technician must have, but it is a  little elementary for me. If you are not an EE, read this chapter  carefully. ** Monitors. Very good, nice and easy explanation of the  principles of transducers, accesible for all  readers, little math, but I  think that a comprehensive chapter about transducers (mics and  monitors)would have been better. ** Acoustics. Excelent! nice drawings,  nice formulae, it is exactly the base of this chapter in my college course.  I have designed some excercises and problems with the development of this  topic by Mr. Nardantonio. Of course this subject is a lot more extensive,  but for a single chapter, it is everything a student needs to know before  sinking in the sea of acoustics bibliography. ** Console Architecture. A  good example for the beginners. It applies to almost any make and model of  console you might handle. The patch bay explanation is very good. **  Effects. Very comprehensive, especially about compressors, very  understandable and easy to read. It lacks of an explanation about  expanders, and it is often taught together with compressors. ** MIDI  applications. Maybe the best chapter. For those of us who had been dealing  with MIDI interfaces for years, like myself, it was a good first book on  the subject, the example on the four MIDI words is supreme. I sincerely  encourage Mr. Nardantonio to release a new edition of this very useful  title.     