 This is another great system that Nintendo has brought us.  It has a great variety of games, and shows a lot of promise in the future.  Lets take a look: System It's nice and small, can fit pretty much anywhere without trouble.  As the name indicates, GC is a cube, making the shape of it pretty novel.  There is a handle on the back of the system, so if you need to carry it around, you can, easily.  The PS2 is bigger, but is thin, so it's got the next best size, the X-BOX however, has a size problem.  It's pretty big, making it the worst, size-wize.  Graphical power comes at a price. Media Gamecube has the most novel media.  It takes 3" disks, rather than the traditional sized CDs that other systems take.  This makes it cooler than the others, because these disks are ridiculously small.  There fun to use, and give the GC an aesthetical advantage over other systems. Graphics Over PS2, GC has pretty good graphics.  There is a nice framerate in all the games, and there's never really been a problem with good games, graphic-wise.  PS2 has very good graphics, but nowadays, I think that GC is beginning to get better graphics.  X-BOX will have better graphics for now.  It is the most powerful system out there, so they can pull off some pretty big graphics accomplishments. Games GC has an overwhelming number of high-quality games, with many planned for the future.  Games like Mario: Sunshine, Metroid Prime, Super Smash Bros, Zelda: Wind Waker, and others have always had a mark of quality above other games.  Though GC may not have the widest selection, it's games are high quality.  PS2 and X-Box have more games, and a different type, but GC has always had a special brand of game. Controller The controller for GC is awesome.  It's a little small, but its easy to get to all the buttons, and even people with larger hands can use it.  PS2 has a good controller too, but its not as nice feeling as GC's.  X-Box controllers have always been huge, but now they've released a new, smaller controller I haven't used yet. Other GC has internet capability, but it hasn't taken off yet, which is a shame.  It has four controller slots which is great, allowing for some good party action. Cons People tend to look at this as a 'kiddie' system, but with games like Resident Evil and Metroid Prime, that image is going down.  That image hasn't helped out GC in the older gamer market.     