 This is my first PPC, but my 2nd PDA, and I love it.  My other one was a Palm IIIxe, and when the screen shattered because I dropped my backpack, with all my books, right onto it.  So I got another one, but I upgraded to a PPC.  The new xScale processor that this PPC has, by Pentium, only uses as much processing power as it needs, which helps to conserve battery power.  The Axim is bigger and heavier than many PPCs, but it's still a handheld, and I usually like my electronics to be heavy, because to me, it gives me a sense of security that it is sturdy.  The Axim has rubber grips on the side, so that you'll have a hard time dropping it, and you can get a good grip on it.  It has a microphone for recording notes, and even has a button on the side that you can use to dictate reminders to yourself quickly if the need arises.  There is an included speaker, but if you turn the volume all the way up, the sound quality is not the best, so I recommend using head phones if you plan to listen to a lot of music on your Axim.  The Axim has two expansion slots, a compact-flash and a secure-digital slot.  I think it is great that it has both, because I could use a compact flash modem and still have increased memory space using the secure digital card.  The Axim is also only about half as much as many other high-end PPCs that are currently on the market.  It's RAM and ROM are sufficient if you only plan to use included programs, but I recommend expanding with a memory card for keeping pictures, MP3s, and other files on your PPC.  The few things I don't like about the Axim are that it came with only one stylus, which I will probably lose before I can buy more from Dell, the case included with the Axim is really cheap and not worth using (The Axim can turn itself on while in the case), and that there aren't very many acessories available for the Axim at this time.  Since my last PDA's screen broke, I am working hard to find a good screen protector for my Axim.  I have heard that Dell plans to release numerous acessories, including a keyboard for the Axim in the near future, which I hope will indeed happen.  In summary, if you're looking for a low-priced, high-end pocket PC, then go for the Axim!  I would buy another one if this broke, and as it's looking, it won't.     