 Out of the three consoles released in 2000-2001, I believe that the PS2 is the best for a few reasons, and I will compare these to the other consoles. Games - PS2 has the largest and most varied selection of the three systems, allowing for a wider audience of games, and since quantity isn't better that quality, many of the games are great to boot.  Gamecube has a fair amount, more quality games, but of less quantity.  X-Box has very few good games in my opinion, not many 3PDs.   Size - The vertical stand allows the PS2 to take up about 8 inches of space on the floor, or 3 inches tall if stood horizontally in a TV cabinet.  Gamecube is the only one that tops this, about 8" by 8" by 8", but this also means it's awkward in a TV cabinet.  X-Box is huge. Controllers - PS2s controller seems the perfect size and shape, from PSX analog controllers.  Gamecubes controller feels perfect in my hand, but is small, and the buttons aren't all the same size, making games like Tony Hawk 3 weird to play.  The controller for X-Box is huge, and is very awkward to hold. DVD Playing - A DVD player would be better to have than PS2, but it is still great.  Also, PS2 plays DVDs right out of the box, while GC can't play DVDs at all, and you NEED to buy a remote for X-Box to play them.  Your DVD viewing experience will be better if you buy the remote, but at least its not mandatory. Other - The PS2 looks really cool, and so does the GC, while in my opinion, X-Box is very bulky looking.  The multi-tap, while not included, allows for 5 player play, which is supurb in some games.  GC allows for 4 player play anyway, which is great, and has some awesome party games.  X-Box has 4 controller slots as well I believe, but not as many fun party games. Cons - Not many I can think of, DVD playback can sometimes be difficult, my first PS2 broke after about a year, but this is because it was dropped from a height of about four feet, so as long as you don't drop it, you should be all set.  Disc Read Errors when nothing is wrong can get annoying, but it is easily fixed. So in short, I believe that if you are going to purchase a system other than the superior Playstation 2, you should buy Gamecube, and X-Box is probably going to be a poor choice for you.     