 This is the first game I bought for Gamecube, and of the Playstation 2 and Gamecube games I've played, this is one of the best.  A first-person-shooter based from the earlier Metroid games, which were side scrollers, this is an action game for all people, whether fans of the other Metroid games or not.  As a FPS, this is one of the very best I've played on a platform, though there is a flaw.  In many console and PC FPS games, you can look around as you run, but this isn't so in Metroid Prime.  In this game, you need to stop moving if you want to look around, which is a major downside.  Other than that, the game is awesome.  This game brings elements from the earlier games and transforms them beautifully into a 3D environment.  Metroid Prime has wonderful environments, from the fiery Magmoor Caverns to the icy Phendara Drifts, sometimes I just have to take a look around the room I'm in to take in all the detail that has gone into the game.  The enemies are all excellently transformed from 2D to 3D in the case of Metroids and other enemies from the older games, and are all very well made.  My only complaint, besides that there is no way to look around while running, is that the way the story is presented, there doesn't seem to be a sense of urgency to what's happening.  The main plot is that you, Samus Aran, after investigating an abandoned Space Pirate ship, have learned that the Space Pirates are trying to harvest a deadly poison brought to the planet Talon IV on an asteroid, Phazon, to use in their weapons and as a power source.  You spend the rest of the game going around Talon IV trying to recover twelve artifacts left by the Chozo, an ancient race who went to Talon IV after deciding that technology was not what they wanted, and were eventually killed by the Phazon.  Samus must get to where the Chozo contained the asteroid that brought Phazon to Talon IV and keep the Phazon from getting into the hands of the Space Pirates.  You travel between the four main areas of the game, the Talon Overworld, Chozo Ruins, Magmoor Caverns, and Phendara Drifts, to find upgrades to your weapons as well as new abilities.  As you travel, you will gain access to new areas based on what you have.  For instance, upon gaining the ability that allows you, in morph ball form, to gain boosts of speed, you can launch yourself up a half-pipe wall to gain the double-jump ability, which allows you to jump to a previously unreachable ledge, and the result is that you can get the wave beam, so that you can unlock new kinds of doors, and so on.  The game, in short, is excellent, and I recommend buying it for anyone.  If you don't like action games, then rent it first, but otherwise, it is a must-have for anyone's game collection.     