 This game is a great buy.  The story mode is interesting, but it doesn't really interest me enough to keep playing through it.  The real reason this game is great is because of the multiplayer modes.  It also has some interesting one player things that are really great.  The multiplayer is fast-paced, but manageable, which keeps the games interesting.  There is a lot of just running around killing everything that moves, but there are certain new and interesting things that you can unlock.  One for instance, is the virus mode.  Out of ten players, one starts off with a virus, and has to spread the virus to everyone.  Flame tag is similar, but only one person is tagged at a time, and if you're on fire when the game ends, you lose.  These sorts of interesting additions to the classic capture the flag and deathmatch type multiplayer games, makes the play interesting and fun all the time.  The one player arcade mode is great.  It provides a bunch of challenges that unlock multiplayer characters, game modes, and levels.  The challenges, which include things as simple as get ten kills in ten minutes to the complicated like infiltrate the enemy base and destroy certain things, are always portrayed with a twist on the story or create their own story to make the challenges make sense.  These arcade levels are excellent, and its rewarding to actually get things for beating them such as characters or levels.  There is another single player mode, Challenge, that I find rather difficult, but still entertaining.  It just has random things to do such as break the glass in a level or kill wave after wave of enemies or collect all the banannas if you're the monkey.  The single player mode is interesting for a while, but I find that there is little or no story progression, which made me uninterested.  Each level has its own story, in Chicago, you have to kill the main mob man, in Siberia you have to eliminate the biohazard container with an alien inside it etc.  Things like that within the level.  What I've found however, is though you get through the level's story, the levels don't really progress the main story of the game, which involves the Timesplitters.  Though it is fun, buy this game for the MP, Arcade, and Challenge rather than the story mode.     