 ...reviewers are notoriously biased. It's funny how almost EVERY CD in its vast catalogue is a 4-star "masterpiece." So I will try to dispel some of that with my review. Then why do you give this album 5 stars, you ask? Because it deserves it.   I am only now a huge Ani fan. I have Living in Clip and was drawn in by it. Aside from that, I haven't had much exposure to her unique style. I bought this album purely by the suggestion of Rolling Stone magazine's stellar 4 AND A HALF-star review. And I am amazed.   I knew that this album would turn out to be great, yes, when I heard "Garden of Simple"'s line: "I was standing in the garden, and I had a machine that made silence." Within a week of buying it, I have only NOW moved on to disc 2. That's what kind of record it is. Some have criticized the record for letting the horn-based sound of the album overcome Ani's great guitar talent. I would argue that this album is not "horn-based" at all. They're on it, but they by no means overwhelm it.   What really struck me about this album is how beautiful it is.   Ani goes through her superb musicianship with the assurance of a master, and it gets so good toward the end that it's almost like "Hey, watch this" lyrically ("School Night"): "She went over to his apartment clutching her decision/ and he said 'Did you come here to tell me goodbye?'/ So she built a skyscraper of procrastination,/ and then leaned out the 25th floor window of her reply./ She felt like an actress just reading her lines,/ till she finally said 'Yes, it's really goodbye this time.'/ Far below was the blacktop and the tiny toy cars./ And it all fell so fast/ and it all fell so far and she said/ 'You are America, but that is not all,/ you are also a stiff drink and I am on call./ You are a party and I am a school night./ I'm digging for my keys but you are my porchlight./ And you'll never know dear just how much I loved you./ You probably think this was just my big excuse./ But I stand committed to a love that came before you/ and the fact that I adore you is but one of my truths/ so I'm going home." Phew. I know that was a little bit longer a quote than you're used to, but how aBOUT that punctuation?   The sound is much less aggressive and angry than Living in Clip, and not that she wasn't great there, but it's good to hear her do things differently. The feel of this record is more vulnerable and gentle than I've ever heard from her. The melodies are luscious, her voice is less abrasive, and her guitar work is more subtle but by no means less sophisticated. The music is also much less political than it has been in the past. It's a much more personal and confessional record than LPC, Up Up Up Up Up Up, or To the Teeth.   I write this review knowing that any true Ani fan has already got it. Of course they do, and rightfully so. But Ani DiFranco is a gifted artist who deserves more recognition. I have no doubt that this will turn out to be one of the very best in a year of very good records. If you stumbled onto this review out of curiosity alone, have a listen to "Garden of Simple" and tell me it does not move you.   (And for the love of god, see her live if you are even a casual fan. I can't tell you how satisfied I was to see her in person right after the September 11 attacks criticizing America instead of unabashedly praising it. Imagine how you would react if you saw someone come out on a stage and give you this: "Cause take away our Playstations and we are a 3rd world nation/ ruled by some blue blood royal son/ who stole the Oval Offive in that phony election./ I mean, it doesn't take a weatherman to look around and see the weather--/ Jeb said he's deliver Florida folks, and boy, did he ever./ And we hold these truths to be self-evident--/ Number One: George W. Bush is not president./ Number Two: America is not a true democray./ And Number Three: The media is not fooling me./ Cause I am a poem/ heating hyper-distillation,/ and I have no room for a lie so verbose." The Cincinnatti show back in April was almost identical to the album version of "Self-Evident," if anyone was there, or cares.) But anyway...     