 The Pitchfork review begins "'How?'" How? indeed. Not that Sonic Youth were in a rut, which would be a contradiction in terms, but by the time A Thousand Leaves arrived, the songs were falling like the inconsistent by-products of plant infestation, rather than the shimmering, crackling stuff of albums prior.   And then came Murray Street. The third part of the unofficial New York trilogy, beginning with the almost-too-much NYC Ghosts and Flowers and continued with Leaves, Murray Street solidified the alt-jam record that anyone who has seen them live has hoped they'd make all along. I put THAT album on par with Daydream Nation, an inevitable but deserving standard that most fans (some prefer Dirty; the truly cooler-than-thou pick Bad Moon Rising, Sister, or Evol) regard as habit. The guitar jams were as jarring as they were miasmatic, the lyrics almost uncharacteristically strong and consistent, and despite it being nine tracks long, felt much more epic and sweeping  than Leaves' pseudo-road trip musings. Not to mention the fact that it had one of the best album covers I've seen since vinyl went by the wayside.   So in slinks Sonic Nurse. Opening with a song sung by Kim, the album continues her gradual climb from Ringo to George status. Her songs are unusually strong here, especially the opener, "Pattern Recognition," "Dude Ranch Nurse," and "I Love You Golden Blue." Her "Mariah Carey and the Arthur Doyle Hand Cream" tirade is as funny as it is scathing, and a major step up from Murray Street's only weak point, Kim's silly "Plastic Sun" rant. The real high points are, as was the case with Murray Street, the instrumentation. "Stones," "New Hampshire," and "Paper Cup Exit" all have the hypnotic-but-subtle guitar work that made Daydream Nation (namely the last few minutes of "The Sprawl" for me) the staple that it is. I even like the "nurse" paintings shown in the liner notes, which seem to have inspired an album that manages the same balance of spooky ennui and allure that the paintings convey.   Because the chances of them continuing on the gradual upswing that has accompanied the band's age and experience is minimal, we can at least be sure that even a "bad" Sonic Youth album is a virtual musical landmark compared to the majority of released music. I don't think they will begin to be canonized until they STOP producing groundbreaking music every few years. When that happens, the hindsight should multiply the public opinion exponentially, because, after all, Nirvana weren't the only band kicking around after the Beatles got segregated, lame, and stiff. And they never even had time to explore, though the combination of In Utero and the fact that they vocally cited Sonic Youth as an influence proves that the flame that died that day in April had a much brighter flame than 4 albums could attest to. But I digress.      