 All the above (or below) reviews are correct about this record: it's a major departure, it's an unexpectedly erotic record, and it may just be her best yet.  I have been a Bjork fan since Debut. That was an amazing record. And Post, her second, was as good if not better. To be honest, I liked Homogenic but didn't love it. There were parts that felt great, like her sound was progressing, but parts felt very distanced and a little cold. I felt like it was trying too hard not to be what the title suggested, that it was a little too eclectic for its own good. Then I heard Selmasongs and knew that she was just getting started. For someone with such a relatively short solo career, Bjork has managed to cover many areas in her music, but I can assure you that she goes beyond her former territory with Vespertine.  It's hard to describe, like trying to decipher an alien tongue. It's not a "techno" record, but it is almost completely electronic. It's a "wintry" record in its chilly harmonies and soft, barely-there backing choruses, but that in no way makes it a COLD record, a dynamic that I found fascinating from first listen. For a winter record, it's the warmest thing I've ever heard. You'll see what I mean.  Lyrically, it's he most complex record yet. The barely-contained euphoria of Debut and Post and the knowing, been-there assurance of Homogenic are gone. In their places is an assured performer who is using her former efforts as momentum into something bigger. So what you get is a record sounding as alien but inviting as anything on the sane side of (I tried to avoid it, but it's just an irresistible comparison) Kid A. I love Radiohead and everything, but I think a better comparison would be to the Sigur Ros CD. Vespertine is not as structured as that, but it's in a very similar vein, with the vast, open terrains the music itself creates. (It also helps that Bjork speaks English.) If you have or have had any interest in Bjork's stellar music whatsoever, buy this CD and I promise it will be rewarding. Another great thing is that it reveals itself very slowly, in layers. First you hear the music and you are transported. Then the lyrics start to come together, and by the time the first backing choral work comes in, you're hooked. Even if you don't like it immediately (I admit, I didn't), you will learn to love it.  Buy the best CD so far this year and worship it.  I can't wait to hear it when it's snowing.     