 Tori Amos never should have started producing herself.  Although the first of these efforts, 1996's tumultuous and beguiling Boys for Pele, may be her strongest album to date, each subsequent recording took a painfully audible step toward imminent adult-contemporary mediocrity (see the full culmination of this half-assedness, 2005's remarkably boring The Beekeeper).   But with Scarlet's Walk, her first album for Epic Records, Amos seems truly rejuvinated. She has not expressed ideas this interesting since Boys for Pele, but unfortunately, she has also never sounded so glossy. My problems with this album are trifold.  First of all, and most noticeably, the record sounds like Tori Amos by way of Annie Lennox. Both great vocalists, but Amos' truly amazing piano abilities are deeply obscured in favor of repetitive drum beats and simplistic arrangements. Thankfully, though, there are enough beautiful sounds on the record (the main reason I still pay attention to her anymore is that the woman just has a gift for unforgettable melodies) to drown out the blandness.   Another problem of mine is that the whole thing is too long.  For an artist (yes, she has earned that title) who was at the beginning of her career shrewd enough to limit her albums to 12 tracks, and then save a handful of incredible B-sides for distribution among a rabid and endlessly devoted fanbase, this effort feels bloated.  The whole thing can be divided by the essential (Carbon; Scarlet's Walk; Virginia; Gold Dust), the good (I Can't See New York; Crazy; Strange; Sweet Sangria), to the desparately radio-friendly, the most disappointing of the album's dimensions (A Sorta Fairytale; Taxi Ride). For an artist as lyrically ambitious and challenging as Amos has been in her past, to hear a song arranged as well as Taxi Ride culminate with "I'm glad you're by my side" is nearly unforgiveable.   Finally, and most dualistic of my complaints, the good aspects of the album are so good as to render the only-mediocre filler (and it's rampant) that much more hard to bear.  The seance-style meditation that is the title track should be listened to by any who doubt her ability to create meaningful beauty. The lines "just tell your guards for me/ all debts are off this year/ they're free to leave" and "'what do you plan to do with all your stories?'/ the new sheriff said, quite proud of his badge/ 'I'll weave them through every rocket's red glare/ and huddled masses'/ you just lift your lamp/ I will follow" are 2 of the best from her yet. But then the bad. I already mentioned Taxi Ride, a nice little song with some good ideas and her characteristically pleasing melodies capsizing under its snore of a chorus. But there's more.  Your Cloud, Another Girl's Paradise, even the only-decent opener Amber Waves, all SOUND like tracks a better producer would have left out; they sound unnecessary. In the end, despite a closing trio of songs that may be the best ending she's ever penned, I couldn't help thinking a shorter album would have been much stronger.   This is worth buying for any Amos fan, or for anyone looking for music with some ideas for a change, but the fact that she can do better (Boys for Pele; Under the Pink) is only given nuance and meaning by virtue of the fact that she can also do much worse. For the album immediately following this one, The Beekeeper sounds like the after-moan of a load blown too soon.      