 I was reluctant to spend [this much] on a baseball game, given that most baseball games get boring after a few weeks, but thought I'd give the Sega line a chance. I think WSB is worth the money if you're a big baseball fan (but I don't think any baseball game could be worth [this price] if you're not a true baseball fan).  The game play is exceptional; graphics are great. There are many many many options which allow you to tweek the difficulty any which way you like.  On the default settings the first few games I couldn't buy a run (which is good b/c it makes for a challenge).  Batting options are nice - you can set it to Timed Hitting (press a button - extremely boring), Standard Hitting with a Cursor (good - difficult at first), and Power Bar Hitting (a little harder).  You can also change the Batting Cursor size -so if you're scoring too many runs, make the cursor size smaller. Pitching is similar in that you can tweek the Variable Pitching - turn it off and the pitcher (even if he pitches for Detroit) will paint the corners in and out - or turn it to High and watch your guy make some mistakes. And the game will punish your mistakes, which is nice for the realism. Don't leave pitches down the middle of the plate - they make for pretty movie cut-scenes of the other guy trotting around the bases. The ability (though rare) to rob a home run is pretty cool too. I also really enjoy the General Manager function in Franchise mode.  You can promote Rookies from the Minor Leagues - or leave them down there and groom them for the future. You can sign free agents, make trades (have to watch your Budget though). It's quite realistic - makes you a real George Steinbrenner. Only negatives about the game - sometimes it seems like the players in the field lob the ball instead of throwing a bullet. The coaches names are ridiculously dumb (Sundial Serbert is my Coach?).  The create a player is kind of weak in the appearance - not much customizing of the face - and the announcers won't pronounce the guy's name even if you named him Bill Smith.  Again, baseball is a long season so if you're going to go the full 162 games, it can be a long haul.   Overall though, WSB is a very satisfying game for the true baseball fan.  I think it's better than the other series out there but that's just my opinion...before purchasing them I'd rent a few of them first.     