 They changed the name this year... but they hardly changed the rest of the game.  I do appreciate that Sega didn't charge me $50 for basically the same game I bought last year.  Why can't everyone charge $40 for a game? I bet they'd sell a lot more at that price. The graphics are, dare I say, WORSE than last year.  I'd never seen graphics actually decrease from year to year, but they seem to be worse.   There are horizontal glitches on the screen quite a bit.  These blurry-bars remind me of the old Nintendo days.   The players faces often don't look anything like the real players.   Rex Huddle's color commentary is annoying and way too repetitive.  Swings are rather choppy. Another annoyance is the amount of bad throws you get throwing guys out at first on ground balls.  Seriously it's at least two or three times a game that the throw from the shortstop/3B will pull the 1B off the bag and the runner will be safe.  Again, very unrealistic. Also, thankfully, you can change the rate at which pitchers tire, which is a must since all of my guys seem to be dead tired after throwing only 40-50 pitches in a start.  I can't imagine what a normal 80/90/100 pitch start would be like.  That's a definite problem with whoever programmed that portion of the game. Also, it's darn near impossible to steal a base.  I get thrown out more times than not.  And that is with real basestealers, guys with good speed rating and good steal ratings.  Completely unrealistic.  Very Frustrating! However, the gameplay is still very good.  It's easy to pick up and play.  The controls feel natural and don't require too much learning. The franchise mode is a bit better this year as you can become the GM and roam from team to team if you choose.  You have specific goals which you need to achieve to keep the owner happy.  That new feature helps add a little something different and new to the franchise mode.   One complaint though with the new GM mode is that you can't load your custom roster.  So if you go tinker with Sega's default rosters (Change "Joe Young" back to Barry Bonds, move guys who have switched teams, fix some starting lineups, etc) and save them, they won't import into the GM mode.  Frustrating. It seems odd that game makers have been able to master all the other sports (football, basketball, soccer) but really have yet to completely nail it on a baseball game.  Overall though, this is a mixed bag.  Good gameplay but a ton of things to annoy me.     