 This book is undoubtedly a must reading for anyone interested not only in the history of the Palestinian/Israeli conflict but also specifically in what really happened in Jenin last year during the Israeli invasion of this martyred palestinian city by Sharon's army with  its heavy tanks, missiles, Apache helicopters, bulldozers. "Searching Jenin," an authoritative book which includes first hand testimonies from Palestinian victims and their relatives is the result of  a collective effort of nearly 60 scholars, reporters, and activists, Palestinians, Israelis and Internationals, is edited by Ramzy Baroud, editor-in-chief of PalestineChronicle.com. The book includes a Forward by Noam Chomsky an honourable observer and critic of the pro-Israeli bias of US Middle East policy which has constituted a major obstacle to a peaceful solution of the conflict. Many of the reporters commissioned for the book  put their safety, and in some cases, their lives on the line to collect account after tragic account for this book. Because of their integrity and professionalism, they were able to interview many high profile figures that refused being interviewed by any other news agency."  Not only does the book include scores of telling accounts of residents who witnessed and survived the invasion, but it includes interviews with people such as the wife and the mother of Mahmud Tawalbe, the leader of the resistance in Jenin. Tawalbe was shot and killed by Israeli forces. The book also includes a detailed interview with the only eyewitness to the extra-judicial execution of Abu Jandal, the second in command of the Palestinian resistance in Jenin.  The courageous reporters who combed the streets of Jenin, interviewed medical personnel, resistance fighters, and even children, including an 8 year old girl named Rund, who complained that the army broke her only doll. Rund's father was later shot and killed by the army. They also interviewed an elderly widow who explained how she implored Israeli forces as they demolished her small home, burying her disabled son alive under the rubble. Her son's body was never recovered.     