 Harvard professor Robert Langdon and CERN scientist Vittoria Vetra have just one night to prevent the Vatican from being destroyed by an antimatter bomb. Can they do it? Of course. But the fun lies in how and why.  A  sample of antimatter has been stolen from physics center CERN by the  Illuminati -- the all-powerful group made so famous by Robert A. Wilson's  books. Here, they are represented as being an ancient order of scientists  upset with the way the Church has treated science and scientists. (Me, I  always liked the bankers-as-secret-force or blood-relatives-of-Jesus  explanation of the Illuminati, but this will do.) This provides for plenty  of science vs. religion conversations, and Brown does a good job with them.   ANGELS AND DEMONS is a fast, but satisfying read. It rolls along  unstoppably, not the least of which because the action takes place over a  24-hour span. Even if -- as I did -- you guess what's really happening  half-way through the book, you'll never guess what happens in the last 40  pages.  The book is laced with fun facts about electing a pope and the  Vatican, like that St. Peter's bones are not in the golden casket in St.  Peter's Basilica, but two stories under it. Brown knows the layout. And  that the artist Raphael's last name was Santi. He also knows how marble  statues were carved. Brown's no Irving Stone (THE AGONY AND THE ECSTACY),  but he does manage to inform without being pedantic.  As Vittoria and  Langdon race around Rome, we get quite a tour, with great descriptions.  (Pick up a paperback copy next summer and bring it to Rome. Take the Brown  tour.) What's interesting is that all the places and pieces of art in this  book really exist. So Brown has played a version of the Sherlockians' Great  Game by linking them all with his "history" of the Illuminati and their  doings. No small feat.  Several of the plot elements have to be taken  with a grain of salt. First, there is the fact that everyone in this book  is absolutely amazed by amibgrams (these are words which can be ready the  same upside-down as right-side up -- the book's dust jacket has the title  in ambigram). They play an important role in the story, and everyone who  encounters them is practically struck dumb the fact that even exist. They  "seem utterly impossible." I guess no one else in the story (including  symbol expert Langdon) remembers that OMNI magazine ran an ambigram contest  in the 1980s and published dozens of the thousands of entries they  received, I imagine that by now there must be a software program or web  site that can make them for you (and make an acrostic that spells out your  girlfriend's name). In short: they aren't that amazing. Then there are  things like the fact that Vittoria (a physicist) isn't familiar with the  classical four elements of earth, air, fire, and water. Come on.  Great  literature? No, but you sure keep turning the pages to see what happens  next.     