 VULCAN'S HEART, tells the story of Spock's life and adventures after the "death" of Captain Kirk. It brings together (none of these are spoilers since all of these elements are on the dust jacket): a young Jean-Luc  Picard and his ship "Stargazer"; Saavik; the female Romulan commander from  TOS: "The Enterprise Incident"; and the "Enterprise-C" from TNG:  "Yesterday's Enterprise." And it's long: 378 pages. It takes that many  pages to tell a story this complex. This is epic Trek at its best.  One  of the reasons it's so good is that Sherman and Shwartz were allowed to  break most of the long-standing rules of STAR TREK novels. Although under  the editorship of John Ordover at Pocket Books, these rules have been  broken before (much to the delight of readers), but I don't think there's  ever been a TREK novel where so many have been broken *in combination*  before. There's sex (it's Pon farr, but not to the level of those "adults  only" zines you may have seen at conventions), there's intermingling of the  casts (Spock meets a young Picard plus cameos by Tasha Yar and McCoy);  there's revisiting minor characters (the Romulan commander, Captain Garrett  and crew of the E-C), and there's the raison d'etre of this novel: mapping  out a character's history beyond what has already been done on TV and  films. All those rules are broken, but because the duo are such good  writers, the results are knock-out.  It's several decades after FORGE,  and Spock is incognito on Romulus. A dishonorable leader is about to stage  an attack on an unarmed Klingon outpost. Spock is going to try to stop it,  but - along with Romulans everywhere - he's hampered by experiencing Pon  Farr, the Vulcan mating drive which can kill if not satisfied. As you might  imagine, he and his bond-mate Saavik aren't exactly at each other's  fingertips. Will the two Vulcans get together (this isn't just a question  of romance, it's one of life and death)? Will Spock be able to maneuver  behind the scenes to stop the evil praetor? Will the crew of the  Enterprise-C survive the battle of Narendra III?  The two elements which  stand out (the third, a seamless continuity-blending that includes an  explanation of why our stardate calendars may not say it's time for Pon  farr, but it is, was evident in FORGE, so it and it's coolness need not be  mentioned here) are the authors' treatments of honor and sex.  This is a  book first and foremost about honor. The Romulans are the enemies of the  Federation, but they can usually be counted on to act with a certain honor.  Their leader's quest to increase his own political power through a series  of easily-won wars against small targets, sets the stage for the woman from  Spock's past to appeal to his honor in hopes of overthrowing the praetor.  Meanwhile, Spock must decide what are honorable actions for himself, and he  must convince a number of other Romulans that acting against their  government is the most honorable course of action - as well as the most  logical.  Sherman and Shwartz also use the demands of Pon Farr not as a  cheap side show, but as a (damn me) logical source of conflict. They have  kept in mind that Pon farr is not about sex, but about . . . "biology."  Saavik and Spock's link is a condition not merely a choice. Their lives  could just as easily have been imperiled by any other Vulcan-specific  disease. But Pon farr is so much more interesting.  There may (depending  on how well this one sells) be a third novel from Sherman and Shwartz. Do  your part to insure that this happens.     