 After reading cookheadfred's review, I'm not sure there's any point in anyone writing another review of this CD - I could tell you right now to skip mine and look at his and you'd be better off.  :)  I agree that this is a CD for fans only, and I heartily agree that the "Greatest Moments" name they stuck on the front is a little misleading.  There are few shining moments that even non-fans would enjoy, but an equal number of moments where they'd wonder why this CD is on the store shelves.  Read on... 1. Reflection (Audrey de Montigny) - Some stunning flashes of brilliance along with moments where you wish she'd just stop singing.  2. Don't Let the Sun go Down on Me (Tyler Hamilton) - Good, reliable rendition of this well-known song.  Don't think anyone would be disappointed. 3. I Will Always Love You (Candida Clauseri) - Absolutely wonderful!  She sings this challenging song with power and an impressive amount of control.  Sounds very professional. 4. Come Away With Me (Karen-Lee Batten) - Great performance, I'd say she does it with a great deal more soul and passion than Norah Jones did. 5. At This Moment (Gary Beals) - Wasn't a big fan of Gary, but I have to admit he does a great job with this song.   6.  Sometimes When We Touch (Mikey Bustos) - Oh my.  I'm sorry, but this song doesn't belong on any album.  I can't listen to it, I just can't. 7.  Tower of Song (Jenny Gear) - My favourite song on the album, but not my favourite song by Jenny, so what does that say about this woman's talent?  Very soulful and powerful.  I cannot wait to hear more from this talent. 8.  Superstar (Billy Klippert) - Again, I think Billy sang better songs on the show, but I still love listening to this one.  He lifts your spirits with his energy. 9.  Your Smiling Face (Richie Wilcox) - Say what you will about Richie, but I CANNOT hear this song without picturing Richie himself, and well... the song says it all.  This guy is human prozac, I love him. 10. Just the Way you Are (Ryan Malcolm) - Ryan could sing *anything* to me and I'd listen.  Great voice.  Great voice. 11.  Try it on My Own (Toya Alexis) - Definitely one of the "greatest moments" they're referring to on the cd cover.  I can't imagine we won't see a CD full of Toya Alexis soon.     