 "The Bleachers" tells the story of a town drawn back together by the imminent death of the town's prolific high school football coach Eddie Rake. In particular, the story focuses on the conflicted feelings of Neely Crenshaw, a former quarterback prodigy, who grew to despise Rake over four years under his watch, but also admire him for getting the most out of himself and others. Although sometimes unsure why he'd returned to Messina, Crenshaw relives his high school triumphs and failures with his old football pals and high school flames.  The story is told in typical Grisham fashion - over-the-top, dramatic to the core, but truly entertaining. About twenty or thirty pages are devoted to the reliving of a pivotal football game, Crenshaw's last game in high school, and while it is certainly an over-the-top scenario - filled with broken hands, missing coaches, last second plays, the works - it is truly entertaining, even for a non-football fan such as myself. It's something that could only come from the mind of Grisham, and he fills these 200 some odd pages with many such scenarios. There are many dramatic retellings, including stories of Vietnam and racial tension, all centering around Eddie Rake. And for the most part, Grisham succeeds in painting a complete character, one who's deeper and more layered than it first appears.  That said, the drama did, for me, become a little too much at points, as when Crenshaw visits an old high school girlfriend, now married, and tells her he's sorry for not taking their relationship seriously (as with The King of Torts, the main character has dropped the serious, sophisticated love interest for a sex object - I think I see a trend in Grisham's writing, one I hope he stops). Also, the dialogue, while great for telling a dramatic and descriptive story, is occasionally monotonous - every character sounds basically the same, and I just can't imagine these guys describing a football game they were all involved in to each other. Eventually, thankfully, the sheriff, a man from another era, comes along so they finally have a reason to explain things.  Anyway, all in all, an enjoyable read for those who enjoy Grisham. Nothing deep, but at 230 pages, it's not very intimidating.  Matthew D. Johnston     