 I picked this book up last week because, as a life-long King fan, there's no book that stands out on the bookshelf more than this 1100 page epic. Mammoth in scope and length, it was one of King's first, and one of his most beloved. Set in 1990 (futuristic for when it was written, 1978), The Stand tells the story of an ensemble of people - Larry Underwood, a musician; Franny Goldsmith, a pregnant woman; Stu Redman, a southerner; Nick Andros, a deaf-mute; and many more - as they deal with a man-made plague that whipes out 99% of the world's population. The survivors are summoned together in two groups - by Mother Abigail in Boulder, and by Randall Flagg in Las Vegas - for a final showdown between good and evil. I liked a lot in the book, but I liked the smaller things. I liked Frannie's introduction, and the struggles she has with her unwanted pregnancy before the plague. I liked Larry's struggles to appease his mother after having left her to pursue stardom. I liked Harold's identity crisis, and the way I was never quite sure whether he was siding with the good guys or the bad guys, or where he would end up. Every character has a story, *is* a story, and seems somehow real. It's a quality few writers has mastered as thoroughly as Stephen King. And I liked the fact that Stephen, like always, didn't shy away from having these stories potentially cut short and incomplete by disaster. Let's face it folks - sometimes stuff happens and life doesn't give us the answers we were looking for, and nobody recognizes that quite like Stephen King. It's meant to make you upset that there is no resolution to the conflicts introduced before the plague: there was no resolution for the characters, and that's reality. (He excels also in showing the potential sex frustration of people in this apocalyptic setting. It may be unsettling to some, but I couldn't deny how *real* I thought it felt. I imagined myself in those people's positions, and I began to wonder what I would do . . .) But the BIG issues aren't as deep as you might want (in my opinion, anyhow). There isn't really any insight into what composes "good" and "evil", why some people choose one, while others go the other way. (The best commentary on this comes from Harold's inner struggles, which is one thing I would have liked to have seen resolved.) Other than that, everything just simple *is* good or evil, and we're never allowed to speculate as to *why* this is. And, surprisingly given the premise, there is very little insight into man's ability to destroy itself, no look at what we've done commentary. It's not The Chrysalis, where you're continually wondering *how* this could happen. You just sort of accept that it has happened, by some fluke accident, and humanity has moved on to its next conflict. So, if you're looking for something profound on that level (as I was) . . . well, you're probably not going to get it. Maybe I missed the "point", as it were (although King admits in On Writing that even he didn't think there really was one), but I didn't feel any more inspired about the issues of good, evil, destruction, etc., after having read this story. It's just a story. And what makes this story good, if overlong, is the characters. The story seems at times just like a vessel for them. It's almost like King just arbitrarily picked the apocalyse as the setting so he could get Stu Redman, Harold Lauder and Frannie Goldsmith together and depending on each other. Or Nick Andros and Tom Cullen, the mute Nick needing to write things down to communicate, and Tom unable to read. These are the interesting struggles, and they're the ones that form the crux of the story. Welcome to the twisted mind of Stephen King. Characters are what he does best, and this is exemplified with this work. Matty J     