 Max Barry's "Jennifer Government" takes us into a not-so-futuristic world in which corporations have more power than governments, the newly-revamped NRA has more firepower than the recently privatized police force, and people assume the surname of the company for which they work. The story follows a fistful of characters as they battle to meet their own needs as two competing parent corporations, Team Advantage and US Alliance, fight for market loyalty. Various sabotage schemes evolved, including one which has Hack Nike, a lowly Nike employee, inadvertently contracted to kill Nike customers in a savy marketting ploy. The story, and the satire, have their strengths and weaknesses. As a story, there are simply too many characters to care about any one of them and towards the end I found the novel veered away from its proper roots as a corporate satire and into a more mainstream gun-fighter cat-and-mouse chase type action novel. Add a few unlikely personal relationship coincidences and a bad guy run amok of all common sense and I didn't find the finish of the novel overly compelling. I enjoyed the earlier chapters, where every action was dictated by some obscene futuristic corporate ideology, far more. As satire there's only so much to say, because only so much is there to delve into. I was disappointed that there weren't more layers introduced and more focus given to some of the issues raised, because each and every one of them is interesting. What if corporations tried to physically eliminate the government? What if law enforcement units had to raise funding before beginning investigations, no matter what the crime or societal interest in justice? What if corporations waged war on each other, as countries do now? In the end, you won't find an overly compelling answers, just glossed over ones. This isn't "1984", where every nook and cranny and ideological point of this new society is given in full detail and rational and punched home with every single things that happens throughout the novel. I was still left wondering about how this world had evolved, what the interaction between the government and corporations had been limited to, what had become of hot-button issues like poverty, the environment and crime. But, on the other side, even raising these questions is more than most novels do, and for that, perhaps, the novel is still worth a read. That said, there are some ingenious set-ups, some interesting (if almost uniformly similar) characters, and memorable lines. The most memorable thing I will take from this novel, however, is the cover photograph, which will live in my mind long after the details of this novel have completely faded away. Matthew D. Johnston     