 A Prayer for Owen Meany by John Irving is the story of the life of Owen Meany, an undersized, raspy-voiced compulsive trouble-maker and menace to all things holy, who just happens to also believe he is an instrument of God. The story is told through the eyes of his best friend, John Wheelwright, who recounts the tale of how he has come to believe in God through the story of his best friend's life and death. A Prayer for Owen Meany is a superbly crafted novel with a wonderful build and among the absolute best, and most touching, payoffs I have ever read. Owen Meany provides a shining example of all that faith and humanity are capable of, and the climax left my heart churning and my soul wretching. Come to think of it, I don't think I have ever felt like that after having read a novel. There is meaning and purpose in every nook and cranny of the finale -- politically, spiritually, everywhere. Truly, everyone should be able to finish this novel and have learned something about human nature, and what it means to make a sacrifice. That said, I had to sit on this book for about a week after I finished it before I decided whether I liked it or not. In the end, I decided that, despite the genius that dominates much of the beginning and end, the novel is just too long and inconsequential to substantiate itself. In my opinion, Mr. Irving could have easily cut this novel directly in half; very little between pages 150-450 of this 617 tome is relevent to any character or situation involved in the story -- and worse yet, I didn't find the contents of these pages intrisically interesting, either. I didn't find anything interesting about Owen writing for the school newspaper (was that 50 pages? 100?) or critisizing the head of their private school for another 100. Those pages would have been far better spent investigating the identity of John's father and Owen's unconventional spirituality -- two themes which are almost forgotten in the bulk of the story, when they should rightfully take front stage center throughout. They don't deserve to be forgotten at any point in the story, let along for the bulk of it. Mr. Irving also seems to bite off more than he can chew in his social commentary. Every once in a while, John (the narrator of the story) cuts to the present day, late 1980's, where he is single, a virgin, and living in Toronto. Mr. Irving's critisisms of the Reagan administration, told through John, are neither relevant to the story nor particular insightful -- given they happened 15 years ago. If they were relevant to the story, I could accept this, but the story is told in the 1970's. Irving offers social commentary there, as well -- which is within the confines of the story -- but would have done well not to stretch his agenda beyond that. Otherwise, I don't know what to say. Some people might find Owen Meany interesting enough of a character to get around the story's low points. Even if not, it's still a novel worth reading. The characters are interesting and the moral is profound. A Prayer for Owen Meany is an absolute must read for fans of Irving or people looking for a view into the workings of the divine. A unique vision of divine fatalism and faith adorns itself to every page, and it makes for quite a unique read. Matty J     