 Ayn Rand's "The Fountainhead", like her "Atlas Shrugged" (which I had previously read), is a fast, interesting, thought-provoking if overly idealized read. Above all else, it's very strongly written, clear in its intentions and consistent in its characterizations. It is, while being most noted as a vessel for a particular philosophy (Rand's "Objectivism"), first and foremost an oustanding literary work. I would strongly recommend it for anybody interested in politics, philosophy or social issues - positive or negative, it's sure to get a response. In this novel, Ayn Rand takes us into the lives of Howard Roark and Peter Keating, two aspiring architects who choose differing paths when forced to market their skills in the world - Keating choosing that of populism and pleasing the masses, while Roark chooses that of individualism and self-sufficiency. Other characters become involved in shaping the story and characters, including Ellsworth Toohey, a socialist newspaper columnist who coddles Keating and gives support to various "mediocre" artists; Dominique Francon, an independent, free mind who influences both of the lead characters; and Gail Wynand, the owner of several newspapers whose content he continues to ignore until it's almost too late. The story largely follows the two leads, Roark and Keating, as they adapt to the market with Rand's unique philosophical discourse espoused strongly in the final 50-100 pages as the resolution nears. As a story, it's one with few faults. It flows quickly and remains true to its ideals. Rand's writing is, while overly idealized (okay, okay, so nobody in the real world goes on these kinds of idealistic rants seemingly at random places in normal dialogue), on a whole very readable and descriptive. The plot culminates well, even if the motivations of the some of her characters and her arbitration of "hero" and "heroic" are sometimes open for questioning. The only plot point I would question is the resolution to the legal battle near the end, which while serving Rand's ideological point, has no semblance of realism at all. That verdict would simply not happen. Anywhere. Ever. On an ideological level, this novel has the same strengths and weakness as her other major novel, "Atlas Shrugged". On the plus side, it's clear, well articulated, forceful and likely to please anyone with even a fleeting interest in her style of thinking, that individualism promotes greatness and collectivism promotes mediocrity and tyranny. Using the dichotomy of Roark and Keating, two idealized characters, she manages to stress this point well. On the minus side, there is a great deal of this story which is idealized to the point where it loses some of its relevance in the real world. The world is not as even and completely divided as she paints it, with all individualists aspiring to individual greatness and all collectivists aspiring towards either a) complacency; or b) absolute power over complacency. There are a great deal of individualists who aspire towards hedonism and self-gratification and a great deal of collectivists who aspire towards general well-being. There are also people who don't seen individualism and collectivism as mutual exclusive philosophies, depending on the issue addressed. In that sense, the character of Ellsworth Toohey is somewhat of a strawman - he's meant to symbolize everything that associated with collectivism, but represents only Rand's interpretation of it, people who preach general well-being but seek personal power. The philosophy, like all philosophies, also suffers from the leap from one or two, or a handful of, situations to a universal truth. In this case, she jumps individualism promotes greatness while collectivism promotes mediocrity (which is still questionable) to individualism is a superior moral philosophy to collectivism (she made a similar jump in "Atlas Shrugged" from individualism is superior to collectivism economically, therefore...). If you're willing to make the jump that great architecture is produced by individuals acting in their own interest not collectively, therefore low income housing is an abomination unless its built by people acting in their own self interest, then fine. Personally, I would keep different tiers of a philosophy's application (moral, economical, social, asthetic, etc.) separate. That asthetic greatness can be produced by one man acting for his own selfish good does not, to me, imply that all those who seek to help others are suckers. Anyway, recommended reading. Matthew D. Johnston     