 My distinct impression after finishing this novel was, "Meh". Overall, the premise of this is worthwhile, I think, and certainly explores the little guy vs. the corporation theme developed earlier in The Rainmaker (a far, far superior novel) in greater detail. Here, we are treated with the actions and thoughts of a jury which has to decide whether a cigarette manufacturer is responsible for the death of a woman's husband, who died of lung cancer. There is corruption, deceit, moral questioning, and a few twists along the way, and you'll begin to wonder, as I did, whether Nicolas Easter is a little bit too smart to be who he says he is. While I did find this premise interesting, and I did learn a little bit about the industry and smoking in general (although, unfortunately, these facts are present, by and large, in boring courtroom fashion), I found this novel lacking in the more pivotal areas: 1) There are no really sympathetic characters. Nicholas Easter is certainly the central character, but he's only an enigma, whose past and present are presented to us mainly through the personal digging of the cigarette manufacturer's lawyers. He's not as easy to relate to as Rudy Bayloy or Mitchell McDeere. His motivations are a mystery until the end, rather the propulsion for the story, which I think they should be. 2) The victim, unfortunately, is never a part of the story. No victims are. Where as the kid dying of leukemia was very easy to relate to in the Rainmaker, we see nobody suffering from tobacco-related illnesses within the action story here; we just hear about it. That's all right for an essay, but if you're trying to make a point with a novel, with a story, I sort of expect to have an opportunity to become emotionally attached to the situation. I'm sorry, but I wasn't. 3) Sadly, the story takes place largely in a courtroom, moreso than any other Grisham I've read. This may work for some people; it didn't for me. There are very few side stories or breaks, or personal matters, or external character development. It's very much to do with an attack on the tobacco industry, and little more. 4) There is an unfortunate lacking of quirky characters. There isn't the snippy judge from The Client, or the homoerotic Senator from The Pelican Brief, or the aspiring-Governor lawyer from A Time To Kill. I guess there is the agnostic nude juror who objects to the church service - but that's about it. I find it interesting - and it's not even a critisism - that the last two Grisham novels I've read, A Time To Kill and this one, I've actually disagreed with. The point, as it were, the resolution between the moral and legal conflicts - well, I would have gone the other way. But I commend Mr. Grisham for making me think about these things. It's something not a lot of novels can do. Still, I'd recommend picking up The Rainmaker or The Client rather than this one. Matty J     