 A Widow For One Year takes us into the lives of Eddie O'Hare, a teenager on the brink of manhood, and Ruth Cole, the daughter of a novelist who turns into a novelist herself. At sixteen, Eddie is offered a summer job by Ted and Marion Cole, and goes to spend two months with them and their four-year-old daughter, Ruth. Through the summer, Eddie falls in love with Marion, who is eagerly giving him a sexual education, and Ruth is caught in the middle off a bitter but unspoken battle between the philandering pornographer Ted and the obsessed and depressed Marion, who is still heartbroken over the loss of their two sons in an auto accident. The novel follows Ruth and Eddie at later ages, both novelists, as they struggle to make sense of their lots in life, and find their "fictious" works heavily influences by their own experiences. By the end of the novel, we've seen suicide, murder, marriage, divorce, death (by neither suicide nor murder), virginities lost and hearts shattered. As always, Irving is a fabulous descriptor, and second-to-none when it comes to delving into the heads of his characters and making us see things through their eyes. There is always the sense, no matter how ridiculous the situation happens to be, that it could happen, just because of Irving's descriptions. And it's strange, in a novel where four main characters are novelists and express concern over making too much of their fiction based on real life, the question of where Irving got his inspiration for the novel never entered my mind. It always felt, to me, as though the novel were an entity in an of itself -- almost removed entirely from its author. To be able to do that is a rare gift. On the downside, there are many plot holes and absurdities and just plain old anti-climaxes in this novel to warrant, I think, a poorer rating than some of his other works. The description above is, in all honest, probably more interesting than the novel actually is. At 537 pages, A Widow has plenty of space to drag, and it does. It's not that there is an extended period of time where nothing happens, but there are extended periods of time where nothing important happens -- entire subplots and situations are introduced which have no clear purpose or long-term relevance. At one point, there's a marriage, which would seem like an important plot event, but the guy dies -- without us having even known him -- in the next chapter. Worst of all, the death doesn't even seem to affect the widow. Why did she have to get married to somebody she doesn't care about, if she was going to be single at the beginning of one chapter, and single at the start of the next, and isn't going to learn anything in between? There's another plot turn, a murder, which serves only to introduce another character at the 400th page. I'm still trying to figure that one out. And, despite Irving's most convincing writing, there are some situations which stretch credibility. I wasn't able to quite buy a 90-year-old doctor performing births and abortions in The Cider House Rules, and I'm completely bewildered at why a mid-30's woman would choose to have sex with a 77-year-old man (and how he could have sex at all), or how a 52-year-old man would fantasize about the breasts of a 76-year-old woman. Perhaps he's not being entirely seriously, or perhaps I'm out of touch with aging. Also, some of the love situations seem a little trying. Every character who does seem to fall in love in this novel seems to fall into it as a last resort, with a sort of best available alternative attitude. For a love story, there really aren't two characters in this story who demonstratably belong together, not two characters who have a real strong emotional attachment to one another. It was the same problem he had in The Fourth Hand, where the main character just sort of decides on the spur of the moment who to stay with because he doesn't have any other real opportunities. But perhaps I'm alone in feeling that's a little anticlimactic. In any case, I'd recommend picking up A Prayer For Owen Meany or The Cider House Rules before this one. Matty J     