 This is a worthwhile novel for anybody interested in either philosophy or political science. The characters, ideas, circumstances, and events are ultimately dictated by Ayn Rand's philosophy life, which she titled Objectivism - basically summed up as conservatism (er, capitalism, I guess), epistemism and egoism. As a vessel for these philosophies (as I prefer to think of them as several philosophies rather than a singlular one), this novel is fascinating, capitivating and fully released. When you finish, there will be no question in your mind as to what Objectivism is, what its tenets are or why Ayn Rand feels these stances are important for the human race to adopt. This novel has been critisized for being too black and white in its presentation of political philosophies, which it very much is, but I feel that's rather by design. How else could she fully explore her stance but to choose the most vehement opposition as the antagonist? It may be a fault of the philosophy itself that she doesn't believe there is a middle ground (come on, Mrs. Rand . . .), but I can't fault the book as it presents her philosophy fully and without relenting (for the entire 1069 pages of my copy). But, if you don't like having somebody tell you what they want you to think, pass on this one. If you're willing to sift through what she's saying, please, enjoy. Naturally, some things bugged me, and I wouldn't recommend this novel to anyone who isn't open to alternate viewpoints (and I'm guessing that there aren't too many people who subscribe to Ayn Rand's philosophy on life - at least I hope not). Firstly, the connections she makes between capitalism and egoism are tenuous, at best, which plagued my mind throughout. She treats it as an implied truth that, since society functions best (in her opinion) when industries are allowed to be selfish within their economical limits, that individuals should be selfish in their every day lives. It was about the time when Mrs. Rand depicted a child being slapped in the face by a complete stranger for giving a toy to a lesser-privileged child that I realized something was wrong. The philosophy looks good in one circle, but who's going to defend people being critisized and abused for altruism? Mrs. Rand, I think you need to you check your premises. (And, of course, the problem with her philosophy in this case is that she doesn't allow for a middle ground - she assumes any altruism will lead to utilitarianism, but it doesn't. All or nothing. Not true. You can be altruistic/selfish within limits.) Secondly, I found her egoistical stance interesting because it seemed to be based entirely more on the humanistic concept of self-actualization than the typical idea about the pleasure principle, which isn't brought up at all, curiously enough. Mrs. Rand assumes the highest good one can achieve for themselves comes from achieving their own selfish ends, usually embodied by material success, e.g. wealth, notoriety, etc. She never addresses the far more pertinent moral question of where people should draw the line. Are we allowed to kill if it will serve our own selfish gain? I'm curious as to how anyone can form or present a moral stance without addressing *that* question; it's the largest problem plaguing egoism today (and I assume also in 1957, when she wrote the book). I think the philosophy buffs will particularly enjoy the radio speech towards the end of the novel. I had been warned before reading that section that it was deadly and overlong, that some readers even skipped the chapter entirely, but I found myself glued to the pages as soon as I got there. It was the first place where Ayn Rand really got to deliver her philosophy on something other than economics and the vague connection she made between than and selfishness as a moral principle. Welcome to the mind of Ayn Rand, and enjoy.     