 I picked this novel up at a cheap booksale, so it's hard to be bitter for buying it. The premise involves a celebrity, Jack Vance, who on cross-country promotional trips happens to take teenage girls, rape and kill them. Nobody links these missing girls together until Shaz Bowman, of the National Profiling Task Force, correlates these disappearances with Vance's publicity stunts. It's her job to convince everybody else of what she already knows - Jack is a serial killer. I must admit - I'm unfamiliar with Val's other work, so if clarifying information happened to be in the prequel, The Mermaids Singing, I'm sorry for having missed it. Still, I was thoroughly unimpressed with this novel, for a number of reasons: 1) Predictability. Beyond about page 150 (where a major, thoroughly unexpected event, and only truly gritty point in the novel, in my opinion), I was not once surprised or intrigued with anything that happened. I knew they were going to chase this guy. I knew what he had done. I knew they were going to catch him. As much as I was hoping there would be there was not a single plot twist or unexpected turn after this point. The conflicts they encounter along the way (disbelieving superior officers, etc.) seem just there to disguise how predictable the plot is becoming. It didn't fool me. And I doubt it will you, either. You can predict the plot fully after 150 pages. No kidding. 2) Surprise surprise: the good guys are always right, the bad guys always wrong. It's a formula - if a sympathetic character says it, it's correct. And I'm not talking about the main dilemma, either. It applies there, of course (Shaz' theory is correct), but also to a parallel arson case the group is pursuing. In other words - the good guys are just too good (which leaves little room for moral conflict, unfortunately). I didn't believe any of it. And I doubt you will, either. 3) The bad guy is too sloppy. I know he's a sociopath and all, but Tony Hill gets all of his clues from . . . well . . . from the bad guy! He's caught in his own lies repeatedly, and leaves one of his murders open for investigation. If he was intent on not getting caught, he wouldn't display his kills! It's that simple. But then Val wouldn't have a novel, so . . . I must say, though, that Val's writing is very good. She has a good style, and she excels as graphic descriptions, which are occasionally gut-wrenching. This novel also offers interest commentary on sham marriages. Best part of the novel, in my opinion. I'd recommend a novel in this one's place, but I haven't read any of her other work. If you want a look into the mind of a sociopath that is actually unpredictable and uncliched, pick up The Silence of the Lambs, but I don't think I needed to tell anybody that. ...     