 I was pleasantly surprised with this novel which is, so far as I know, Grisham's first attempt at non-courtroom-centred drama. The story is told from the perspective of Luke Chandler, a 7-year-old living with his parents and grandparents on their Arkansan cotton farm in the early 1950s. To help with the harvest, two groups of people, Mexicans and Hill People, live with the Chandlers over the summer. The story follows Luke as he watches the big world unfold around him. There's a murder, a fatherless baby, a seductive young girl, a carnival, church every Sunday - all the fixings for a great read, really. Pure Americana. I absolutely loved this book. It had just the right tone for me. It was observational, and never came across as one-sided or preachy. The book is made up of little observations, about church (why do the church members pray for the soul of a man they knew was going to hell?), crop-farming, lying, parenting and family in general (the family structure is fabulous - the characters are great), all the good stuff. From the first page, I felt as though I had entered Luke's world, where cotton farming, church on Sunday and weekly trips to town are just a part of life, and where Cardinals baseball is larger than life itself. You can debate all you want about whether this book is about the costs of lying or justice or whatever else you want, but the book's really about Luke's dreams. Nothing more and nothing less. If you don't think so, just read the last line again. I found it ended exactly where I wanted to. The only issue I really wanted to see resolved was Ricky's return home, but that's neither here nor there. This book is certainly worth a read, for Grisham fans and non-Grisham fans (who will be happy to find not a single lawyer or courtroom) alike. In the end, it's just a slice of life story - no huge moral or life-shattering event - but Grisham's uncanny ability to write concise prose, natural dialogue and - especially - grasp the view point of child make this a well-told and thoughtful read. Matty J     