 Okay, I'm not a completely qualified Grisham fan having only read half (six) of his novels, but this one ranks near the top of my list, anyway, just below the sensational The Rainmaker and slightly above The Pelican Brief. I imagine this book will stay the near the top of that list for quite some time. I found the book good on several levels. The plot is simplistic, but one of those "what if" scenarios that I'm sure many writers had thought about before but never voices. What if a child overheard important information in a criminal case and refused - for whatever reason - not to tell. In this case, that child is Mark Sway, an eleven-year-old trailor-trash type with a single mother who struggles to make ends meet for Mark and his eight-year-old brother Ricky. Mark and Ricky stumble across a man on the verge of committing suicide, try to save him, and the man spills the beans on why he's committing suicide - he's the lawyer of a much-sought and dangerous Mafia man who's hidden the body of a dead senator. The lawyer tells Mark where the body is and then proceeds to kill himself, just as he'd intended to long ago. Perhaps what I liked about this book so much was that the main character wasn't a lawyer. Usually, Grisham's novels (at least the one's I've read) have had a lawyer as the main character, and it's told through a lawyers eyes. Here, we see everything with a child's innocence. Mark may be very mature for his age (having helped his mother file for divorce from his abusive father, among other things), but he still has that inner child that adds something to every scene - the questioning about whether to lie or not, the regret afterwards, the thoughts of his mother and his brother (who went into shock after seeing the suicide) and wishing he was back on a playground where things were simple, even the more mature thoughts of who he could trust. It's very easy to care for this child. I was with him the entire way. The Client kept me interested. It wasn't predictable. Many of the scenes were quite funny, actually. Grisham develops fantastic dynamics between several of the parties involve - Reggie and the FBI, Harry the Judge and the FBI, even the mob members don't get along. And it doesn't dwell too much on the legal aspect of it, I'm sure everyone'll be happy to hear, and whenever it is used, it's brought down the child's level. Still, assuming Grisham actually knows what he's talking about, I did learn a little bit about the "system", as I would hope to from a novel that uses it. But it's only there to propel the stories and the characters forward. Overall, I recommend this to any Grisham or non-Grisham fan out there. I started reading The Rainmaker last summer thinking I would set it down within half an hour, but I ended up finishing it in under a week. I'm not normally a fan of legal thrillers, but he's a fabulous, concise and easy-to-read author who has a knack for creating original and compassionate characters. Every once in a while you'll find a good moral, too, although he never preaches it to you. For this novel: Watch you say.     