 After finishing this novel, I promptly ran out and picked up The Hades Factor. This was surprising for me, considering I don't normally care for spy novels - I've tried to read LeCarre, and, to my knowledge, have never actually managed to finish one. I guess that's some sort of bar as to whether the novel's any good or not. The plot is simple at first, but grows more complicated as the twists and turns continue. The main character, who we later learn is named Jason Bourne (I hope that's no spoiler), washes up in the Mediterranean Sea and has no memory. He's not without his gifts, though. He is fully trained with weapons of all sorts and has military-like reflexes. He acts without thinking. The novel follows him closely as he wanders instinctively into the world and tries to find out who he is. At every stop, somebody is hunting him. He needs to find out why. (I hope I'm not saying too much in disclosing that he will eventually tied in with a network of assassins, who compete for supremacy.) I found the novel worked on several levels for me. I particularly liked the moral dilemmas Mr. Bourne had to go through early in the novel, when he's just finding out who he is (or was). He has people he doesn't know firing at him - does he fire back? how does he know they're bad? He has to take a hostage to stay alive, but how far should he go? He doesn't know what he's done, what he's wanted for - is it worth killing an innocent bystander for? And, of course, what if, in his past life he actually had deserved to be killed? Could he risk bringing somebody into his world knowing this? There are also issues with loyalty and personal loss. Even in the extreme distress of their situations, the characters are able to dig for deeper meaning, in people's eyes, and in their hearts. It isn't all guns and politics. I found the loyalties between some of the characters very touching, as when Marie St. Jacques stands by Jason because he saves her - even thought he'd previously held a gun to her head. Of course, there is the standard fair share of shooting and running and all-round suspense. At every turn, there's something forcing Jason to keep his wits about him and make impulse decisions. It all makes for a great read. Matty J     