 The Street Lawyer, Grisham's ninth novel, takes us through the streets of Washington, where the homeless live seemingly without a care from the hyper-industrialized worship-the-allmighty-buck society they live in, and where a young lawyer in a top-notch firm has just been pulled by his conscience to serve the remainder of his lawyering days. The Street Lawyer isn't, by any means, one of Grisham's best. There is a minimal of tension, no chases, no abundance of typical Grisham humour or absurdities. Where the novel succeeds is on a more educational plateau. It is, despite my criticisms, a scathing review of urban homeless aid and the politics that surround it. The initial dilemma, a group of poor tenants cast to the street as homeless squatters because of corporate greed, is a powerful one. This novel would be better, however, if Grisham had focused on that legal problem -- which carries its own obvious ramifications -- without feeding us the utterly ridiculous nonsense about a young lawyer growing a social conscience because he had a gun pointed at his head by a mentally-ill, drug-addicted homeless bum -- of all people. It really is, despite Grisham's best intentions, hard to sympathize with anybody who holds innocent people hostage because he has a bone to pick with the system. As a result, this is one of the few Grisham "moral" novels which I've found genuinely preachy, and after reading the Runaway Jury and The Testament, that truly is saying a lot. I know Grisham intended well, but there are points where he is unrealistically idealistic. He makes it seem as though if we just threw money at them, the problem would go away. He meanwhile admits that many homeless people are drug-addicted prostitutes and pimps with a history of defiance and jail time -- their pain is self-caused. I'm all for social welfare, but society only has an obligation to help those who help it in return -- and make efforts to help themselves. I guess the moral of the story is that, had Mister been allowed to stay in his warehouse for an extra month, he wouldn't have become a drug-addicted, violent, mentally-ill, homeless social malcontent. Come on! I'd recommend this to strong Grisham fans and people with an interest in social work. If you're looking to get into Grisham and don't know where to start, pick up The Rainmaker or A Painted House instead. Matty J     