 I was very much looking forward to borrowing this book, held by many as the be-all end-all of Christian apologetics, from my brother. In many respects, I was very pleased with what I found -- Lewis is a very strong writer, with a clear voice, clear non-ambiguous argumentative style, and it always seems as though he's speaking with you, rather than at you. He's not a preacher or an evangelist -- he's a man who just wants to put what he believes out there in the open, take it or leave. At several instances, he acknowledges the boundaries of his words: for instance, in his chapter on faith, he says "I am not asking anyone to accept Christianity if his best reasoning tells him that the weight of the evidence is against" (p. 140), recognizing the possibility without being condescending to the person who holds it. For bringing logical, rational thought to an area of thought of dominated by televangelists and mindless cliches, it's a breathe of fresh air to see somebody actually arguing on basic principles for their beliefs, and accepting that if somebody disagree that is fully within their rights as well. It's something I wish more people would do, and if reading this book is a good way to promote that, I recommend this to everyone. I suspect this book with be regarded the strongest by Christians who wish to strengthen their beliefs, and will be a useful tool for people who wish to come into belief but don't know quite what that entails. For the wavering Christian, I don't think you can do better than this book: it's well written, clear, and so far as I can gather from the lauding, accurate to its source, the Bible. That said, I was surprised at points -- given how highly regarded this book is not only as a theology book, but as a apologistic/philosophy book -- to see some of the arguments used. He has many good points, of course, which I should not overlook mentioning. His argument against the problem of evil is nearly classic -- I've seen it quote a couple dozen times. One does not know evil, he argues, unless he measures it against good, just as one does not know a crooked like unless he sees a straight one. Far from a universal truth (opinions on good and evil differ) but a strong point about the subjectivity of the argument. His arguments for Christian charity and the value of deliberation are likely to strike a strong chord with all. But I think there are some shortcomings. He uses the example of witches to show that people do not disagree directly on morality unless they disagree on the facts (witches were believed to be "people going about who had sold themselves to the devil and received supernatural powers from him in return and were using these powers to kill their neighbours or drive them amd or bring bad weather"). But there are many instances where the facts are clear but people directly disagree about the moral implications, aren't there? How about masturbation? Or homosexuality? Or animal rights? Or abortion? Certainly with the first two the facts are amply clear, but there appears to be a great moral divide -- some feel these are moral permissable, and others feel they are a moral abomination. Why isn't the inner voice clearer on these obviously moral issues? He argues for the Christian devil by taking the Dualist point of view (there is an absolute good and an absolute bad power, equally powerful) and reducing it down to a more Christian-friendly idea (there is an absolute good power, and a rebelling, but lesser powerful, evil power). I was left with the impression: What of the person who simply believes the devil isn't a necessary being? He never directly argues for a devil, or defends against critisisms of the Christian conception of the devil, both of which are critical elements in any argument which comes to his conclusion. His argument for Christ as the one and only Son of God goes basically along these lines: if somebody makes a claim about who they are, they are either correct or crazy; since Christ claimed to be God and appears to be a good and rationally sane person, he cannot be crazy; therefore he is the God. I know this isn't the only reason C. S. Lewis believed what he believed (although it's the only one cited), but I honestly could not believe reading this in print. If Gandhi had but claimed to have been God, we would be praising his name? Come on... His forays into God-time logic are interesting. I disagree with his assessment that "Everyone who believes in God at all believes that He knows what you are and I are going to do tomorrow" (p. 170). I'm a theist, and I believe no such thing; it's is entirely incompatable with free will, which I hold to be a self-evident truth. Perhaps this was a reasonable statement at the time, but even the last few theist debaters I've seen haven't held such a view, usually limiting God's omniscience to present state knowledge rather than pre-cognition. Granted, one was Muslim, but doesn't he fall under Lewis' statement as well? Lewis is usually very good at his choice of analogy, although I found one oddity later in the book (if they hadn't been in consecutive chapters, I may not have noticed it). He argues that individuality cannot be maintained through collectivity, as if life became one in the afterlife, because a drop ceases to be a drop when it is placed in an ocean. He then argues that individual *can* be maintained through collectivity, as in the trinity of God, because they are merely dimensions of the same thing and dimensions are distinct. But couldn't one just as easily argue that the Holy Spirit and Jesus Christ lose their individuality, like a drop in the ocean (God), or that people in an afterlife maintain their individuality in a collective afterlife, just as dimensions keep their individuality when more is added? Anyway, enough brain fodder. Recommended reading. Matthew D. Johnston     