 I remember the first short story collection I ever read. It was in grade 8 that I decided to pick Stephen King's Skeleton Crew off my dad's bookshelf. I was left with a cold sweat for the rest of elementary school, but I'll never forget the some of the stories, classics like The Mist and The Jaunt (the latter of which still ranks as my favourite short story of all-time). It was first taste of King, the the beginning of a long relationship, as they say. King's lastest collection, Everything's Eventual, consists of 14 short stories (ranged 15-90 pages) and, like most of King's work, it's an assortment of hits and misses, with some stories bordering on profounding at times while others fizzle in the "who seriously thought this was a good idea?" area. I've found a similar trend with his novels, with some (Carrie, The Shining, The Green Mile, etc.) leaving me hugging the book by the end, and others (Gerald's Game, Rose Madder, Thinner, etc.) leaving me swearing of further Stephen King investments. But, in the end, when King hits, he hits hard and in unforgettable ways, which in a way makes me tolerate his inevitable misses. And as always, King is a very enjoyable to read and always has you grasping for the next page. Among the most enjoyable stories I found were The Little Sisters of Eluria, a prequel of sorts to the Dark Tower series, which is at times weird, at times sensitive, but always genuinely creepy; Autopsy Room Four, King's stab at the immortal question, "What if everyone thought you were dead but you really weren't?" which has been manifested in countless buried alive stories; The Road Virus Heads North, the chilling story of a haunted painting which stalks a man on his way home (you'll see how); and Riding the Bullet, the popular e-story which is among the strongest character studies I've seen King do. Among the stories I wasn't so fond of were Everything's Eventual, which for one of the longer piece, seemed to have the least amount of quantity; 1408, which tells the story of a haunted hotel (yep, tredding similar waters there Steve); and I'm with King in his distaste for The Man In The Black Suit (although many people out there I suspect will like it - I assume it didn't win the O'Henry prize for nothing). All in all, though, I'll bear his misses (and most of his misses aren't that far off, either) for the hits. There's something for every King fan in this collection. Matthew D. Johnston     