 This is such a fantastic CD!  I recommend it to all of you if you're an S Club fan.  Like many other Brit groups, they're experimenting with new styles of music, while still managing to keep their unique sound.   1.)  REACH: A poppy tune where everyone (mostly) get lil' solo's.  They sound fantastic and it's such a catchy song.  It should be a single in the States. 10/10 2.)  NATURAL:  Rachel's solo, and what a beautiful voice she has.  It has an arabian sound to it, mixed in with a lil' pop, and what do you get?  S Club's first single in the US from this album.  Very danceable.  10/10 3.)  I'LL KEEP WAITING: It's got the sway-type of music with Brad rapping (in a good way).  It's got a good beat and it's a really great song.  9/10 4.)  BRING THE HOUSE DOWN:  Bubble gum pop at it's best.  A cool guitar intro, then bring in the cool bongo like percussion and you've got a cool tune.  10/10 5.)  BEST FRIEND: This isn't one of their better tracks.  Brad raps on this one as well.  It get's a tad repetitive cause they're constantly saying "You're my best friend".  6/10 6.)  ALL IN LOVE IS FAIR: This has a twangy sound to it.  A mellow song to just sway and tap your feet.  Nothing too notable about it.  7/10 7.)  LOVE TRAIN: Even better than BRING THE HOUSE DOWN.  They sound similar, but this is Paul's song and he can really make this song sound fun.  10/10 8.)  CROSS MY HEART: This has a cool beat to it.  One of those sway & tap your feet songs.  The words will kinda get stuck in your head, though.  8/10 9.)  THE COLOUR OF BLUE: A fun song.  It has a different sort of tune to it than the usual S Club songs.  It's upbeat, but not enough beat to really start dancing.  8/10 10.) I'LL BE THERE:  There's a lil' spoken singing done by the girls on this track.  It's really catchy and I constantly find myself humming and singing along with it. 10/10  11.)  TWO IN A MILLION:  Also found on their first album, this is one of the best ballads that they have put out.  10/10 This is really an exciting album.  I love it.  Ever since I've gotten it, it's been in my CD player on repeat mode.  I must've heard it at least 10 times already.  I never tire of it.     