 Congratulations Lucas Arts and Pandemic on an outstanding game that outguns and outshines nearly all games of its type. Mercenaries is a 3rd person shooter thats packing more than just a cool subtitle, "playground of destruction", it literally is. Players will assume the roles of three different Mercenaries dropped into North Korea to take out "the deck of 52". This will be no easy task, yet a very rewarding one. Through accomplishing missions, whether by capturing your enemies or killing them, you'll earn points to buy new weapons, unlock secret players (Han Solo, Indiana Jones), and gain new abilities such as calling airstrikes. Mercenaries is a very lengthy game and will provide hours of entertainment, most of the time as you just blow the living crap out of everthing around you. But the game is deeper than that however, but you can take it as you please. For example, you can take on missions and earn money using helicopters, tanks, sports cars (every mission can be different every time) or you have the freedom to go on a rampage and make not only the citizens, but the factions, violently mad. The graphics in Mercenaries are awesome and seem a bit like Freedom Fighters mixed Star Wars Battlefront, as others have mentioned. They are awesome especially the explosions, particle effects, and ragdoll deaths. The sound is great and really gives off the feeling of a combat zone. This game is THE action title to own right now and unless you absolutley hate this type of game, you need to buy. Now, this game got a 9.1/10 from IGN and a 9/10 from PSM so its almost perfect and i give it a 10/10. People have compared Mercenaries to GTA but what game produced after GTA that involves cars, guns, and killing hasn't been compared to GTA, thats bound to happen. Its been compared to Socom...nah! Doesn't seem that way to me. It does seem alot like Freedom Fighters but on a way bigger scale. Just about the only thing that is lacking in this game is multiplayer. But that doesn't matter that much when you've got one of the greatest single player games on the PS2, but at least I've still got TimeSplitters 2 and Freedom Fighters for when I've got my friends over. So all in all, Mercenaries is one awesome game that will rock your PS2. Buy it if you are even the slightest bit entertained by action games. This is the ultimate action game. Thanks for reading...hope this review was helpful.      