 I could go on and on telling you about this game but instead I'll cut to the chase, breaking this game down into little pieces.  Concept - Lead five fellow Ghosts into battle using stealth and all out firepower, depending on the situation. The story is set in the near future where you will retreive documents, rescue prisoners, take hostages, and the like. The overall goal is to accomplish these tasks swiftly, silently, and invisibly, hence the name Ghost Recon.  Controls - The controls are tight and work very well, I disagree with the people saying the controls take a long time to get use to. They are great and the PS2 version makes a target zoom avilable. Never at one point did I get frustrated or confused by the controls.  Graphic - Too many people complain about this part of the game. I actually think the graphics are really good. Do take in mind that this game originated on the PC so the graphics transition to the PS2 was actually done very nicely. The graphics don't focus on "fancy" they focus on "realism" which I think many will agree is the better to strive for. I know they are not the best but the gameplay is so good that I never cared.  Sound - Ok this part is cool. All the guns sound different, as they should, but so do bullets at different distances. A bullet wizzing by your head sounds like, well, a bullet wizzing by your head and guns blazing in the distance sound cool and give you the feeling your being shot at. Now, maybe it sounds like I'm getting excited over nothing but trust me, if you crank this game through a good sound system, it'll rock.  Gameplay - The gameplay is very diverse. No two levels look alike or play alike making no levels a waste of time or give you the feeling that you've played it before. I really wanted to see this game through and couldn't put it down for the longest time. Everything is so unpredictable and original.  Replayability - Man this game is replayable espiecially due to the mini challenges, various multiplayer modes (including co-op) and second campaign you unlock after beating the first which is 15 missions long and can be played on three different difficulties, that change the amount of enemies and their skills.  I love this game and any "true" war gamer should as well. 10/10      