 Ok, so this a controversial dvd set. Lots of people love it, many people want the original movies on DVD. This is my opinion after seeing Revenge of the Sith. Some of the changes made are very nice, others kinda unnecassary. The changes made in Jabba's appearence are nice. He now appears as he did in The Phantom Menace giving a bit more consistancy to the sage. Lightsaber blades look better than ever, especially in A New Hope, Obi-Wan and Luke's sabers are a brilliant blue throughout, not appearing white at points like in the originals. I honest to God dont care if Greedo fires his gun first. It shows Han can stay calm and blast his enemies even when a blast hits inches away from his head. This is a two second scene that to me has no real impact on the saga. A couple other minor tweaks have been made, in the Death Star, words on a control panel no longer read POWER and TRACTOR BEAM, but instead have been changed to some Star Wars dialect, not English for sure, this is acceptable. Ian McDiarmid has replaced the old actor in Empire with slightly altered dialog informing Vader of Luke's true identity, I really like this change. The Jedi Temple and the Senate can be seen on Coruscant in the ending of Jedi and even though it is reletively short, the addition of Naboo to the ending of Jedi is one of my favorite scenes, for continuity purposes. THe addition of Hayden Christinsen is also a favorite of mine, I thought he did a great job in Sith and think he deserves his appearence. Obi-Wan and Yoda both appear as they did when the died, Anakin should too. Because essentially, Anakin died when he became Darth Vader, as Obi Wan says in A New Hope. I am a fan of both the Original trilogy and the Prequel trilogy. I believe the changes made are overall good for the movie's continuity and its fun to see some new stuff, as well as the old stuff digitally remastered, again. The dvd's truely look and sound fantastic. Honestly, I do wish Lucas would release the originals unmodified on DVD so everyone could be happy, but I've got my 1995 VHS tapes still, so I'm holding out fine. I love theses new versions much more personally. Check them out for sure along with Episode I and II on DVD, those are great as well. Revenge of the Sith is slated for DVD release on November 8th, can't wait! Thanks for reading      