 What do you get when Steven Spielberg and Tom Hanks (director and star of Saving Private Ryan) team up with HBO? An amazing movie I could exceed the limits of this review talking about. Now right away some people might be thinking "HBO, so this is a TV production." Yes, it did originally debut on HBO but this is without a doubt cinema quality and has been released in selected theaters. Trust me and all the other excellent reviews that this movie not only delievers the best in action and story telling but also the true tale of the men of Easy Company of the 101st Airborne. Production values are extremely high. After the third episode the production team used more pyro technics than Saving Private Ryan and thats a lot. Throughout, the movie stays true to Ambrose's book and features top notch acting. Details, details. The story is so incredibley detailed that you'll need to watch the entire series several times before you catch every bit of excellence. This is truely film making at it's best as only Steven Speilberg can deliever. Now, I bet you want to know what each episode is about...  Currahee - This is a great episode that introduces most of the main cast through training camp. The training is tough but no where near as tough as the upcoming D-Day invasion they set out on in the very end (which is very dynamic). 10/10  Day of Days - This is a lot of action which to some will make up for the first's lack of. However, there is more to be had than just action. Winters (the main character) must deal with the death of one of his men. This is a moving episode that, unlike it's predecessor, ends with a sorrowful feeling. 10/10  Carentan - This is a powerful episode that boasts a lot of action. For the first time, viewers take a look at the brutality of war and the affect it has on Private Blythe. This is not the best in the series but is excellent non the less. 10/10  Replacments - This episode makes viewers really feel for the replacments who aren't excepted by the older guys. This episode, like Carentan, shows the brutality of war, but on a whole new level. This is a great episode that ends on a low note with Easy Company forced to retreat after heavy casualties. 10/10  Crossroads - This is an excellent episode showing how the newly promoted Winters deals with his new job behind a desk, writing reports and the like. He wishes he were back on the battle fields with the men he has grown so close to. Never freight action fans becuase the title Crossroads actually refers to Winter's last battle before promotion. This episode is really good. 10/10  Bastogne - This episode shows that sometimes the enemy wasn't the only thing life threatening. In the bitter cold forests of Belgium, Easy Company holds the main line of resistance in preparation for The Battle of the Bulge. This episode focuses on Doc. Roe, one of Easy's few medics. This episode knocks a few main characters out of the series, some only temporarily, but manages to end with a laugh. 10/10  The Breaking Point - This is a spectacular episode that deals with the internal war many soldiers fight to keep themselves from going mad. Not only this, the final battle for Foy is amazing espeicially when Speirs single handedly charges the remaining German infantry. This episode knocks off a good portion of the main cast, this is very sad. 10/10  The Last Patrol - This episode focuses on war as meirley a game that some of the men have grown to laugh at. Webster returns to the company after four months at the aid station. This not only shows how the bonds have strengthend between the men in Bastonge but how they are almost unwilling to except him back. Even after this and several more casualties this episode manages to end with a sence of hope that many of the soldiers will make it out alive.  Why We Fight - This episode will probally be the one least rewatched not because its bad, simply becasue of how good it is. This episode shows a side of the war many don't like to confront. Easy encounters a Jewish prison camp and if you've seen Schindler's List, times that by two and add color. This episode is the only one that made me actually cry, although The Breaking Point came close. Watch it for what it is not necessarely for entertainment. 10/10  Points - simple in name but deep in plot. For the main portion of this episode the war is over. Easy has captured Hitler's Eagle's Nest and is now waiting around for either redeployment or a perminent trip home. With nothing to do, trouble brews and although the war is over, violence is still present. This episode has it's sad points but ultimatley ends on a high note where viewers finally learn what became of the men who survived. The ending interviews are also very good. This is a perfect conclusion to a more than perfect (if that makes any sence) movie.  Anyone with a pulse should be moved by this movie and I highly recommend you buy it, assuming you can handle the graphic violence and heavy language.  Thanks for reading.      