 I've been syked for Brothers in Arms since I first saw it's trailer in June 2004. When I finally got it, an extreme feeling of excitment came over me. I knew I was in for something extrodinarie. Before I continue, let me just say I wasn't wrong at all in thinking this. After completing the game about an hour ago, i feel as though I have made friendships and also lost several. The men of Fox Company 502nd regiment of the 101st airborne come alive in Brothers in Arms. They aren't dumb ai bots running into walls and getting killed for not returning fire. They are smart, almost to the point of creepiness. Level after level I was continuely worrying about the welfare of my men. Not because I couldnt survive without them, but because I didnt want to survive without them. I wanted to see all of my men through to the end. Sadly not all of them can be saved and your always wondering who is going to die next. As you get closer to the end of the game you begin to feel that the rest of your "dozen" has a chance. The game's opening scene is intense with violence as well as profanity. It is brutal and sets the mood for the scene that follows. Don't go into Brothers in Arms thinking its another "Americans win everything" game. Many of the levels are sad and some moments are downright scary. If you've viewed, no, experienced and enjoyed the film Band of Brothers, this game will appeal to you. The story is so gripping I literally played it for 24 hours straight until I beat it. The gameplay in Brothers in Arms is solid enough to get use to fairly quick and both the game's sound and visuals are top notch. They obviously can't stand up completly to the Xbox version but I do believe a little more detail could have been put into the character models. In the Xbox game, soldiers have better lipsyncing as well as more detailed uniforms. In the PS2 version the soldiers look good but not quite as authentic as the Xbox soldiers. I noticed a few landscape changes between the two versions of the game but not enough to make me feel as though I was in a different place. This game is very solid on all systems and in still shots, looks almost indentical. The "glow effect" was used to make Brothers in Arms look really polished. Mercenaries and Star Wars Battlefront (PS2 version are the only other games I've seen use this method of detailing the atmosphere. It looks nice. The weapons in Brothers in Arms are true to life weapons that feel more real than ever before. You need to be precise in your aiming, be careful where you take cover, and think like a soldier because two well placed shots is enough to drop you. Over all, Brothers in Arms on the PS2 is very nice and offers split screen multiplay (very sweet), online play (havent played yet), and tons of extras (love um). On the down side, I wish I could turn off the dang subtitles, this bothers me and reminds me all too often that Brothers in Arms is just a game. The harsh language in the game can be muted, but is still visible (something Xbox players can change) I dont understand why subtitles are present in the PS2 version but they are hardly enough to keep me from enjoying this awesome game. Check this game out, its incredibley good. Thanks for reading.       