 Last year's Call of Duty Finest Hour was a totally new game, using a similar engine to Medal of Honor on the consoles. It didnt feel like the PC game in any respects really. People who complained then, will now be totally happy. Big Red One not only looks fantastic (near PC graphics), it feels and plays just as great as it's PC brothers. I feel a hint of Medal of Honor European Assault every once and awhile but this game is far more polished and thought out. The storyline is a major draw in, offering some great character moments. I read some of the guys that starred in the HBO mini-series Band of Brothers do some voice work in the game, however I haven't picked up on it quite yet, although I've got some ideas. On thing is for certain...Mark Hammil (star of Big Red One movie from 1981) narrates this epic game and does a very nice job. I recently bought Brothers in Arms Earned in Blood for xbox aswell and if your asking me to make a buying decision for you I'd say... 1. Big Red One is more run and gun, Earned in Blood is tactical. 2. This game is far more family friendly, Earned in Blood ISN'T. 3. Both games offer unique gameplay and are both worth 50 bucks. If your looking for a rich new experience that has the polish of a great PC game, please do yourself a favor and buy this game. There are at least 5 WWII themed games coming out for the Holidays this year and Big Red One is diffenetly a winner. The A.I. is revolutionary for a console game offering such epic action scenes. The weapons are standard fare in a WWII game, but are more enjoyable than ever, seeming more powerful. Levels are diverse and I was thouroly impressed with each one, the D-Day beach landing is a very special thing for me in this game as it was the recreation of this scene in Medal of Honor Frontline that sucked me into the WWII franchise. Activision and Tyrench's take on the greatest invasion of all time is incredibley intense. And yes I have managed to cruise through the game very fast. The Battle of the Bulge, as well as the early Africa levels are great, as are the Normandy levels (its just Normandy has been used so many times in videogames) The ending levels in Germany are very fun and you feel such a great sense of accomplishment after beating the game, which should take 12 to 14 hours. 10 out of 10. Thanks for reading.     