 This review is for Call of Duty Gold Edition and it's expansion pack United Offensive. Call of Duty, in it's entirety, expansion pack included, is incredible. The graphics are top notch with thousands of soldiers in some battles and breath taking explosions. The sound is spot on as well. Each character has a distiquishable voice and what is war of course with out the booms and the bangs. The guns firing and ejected brass laying on the ground is cool. And unlike Medal of Honor, the bodies stay on the ground throughout the whole level. It can be pretty insane when mowing down enemies in the same spot because at the end, there will be a big pile of dead guys. Blood is heavy in this game, which adds to the game's realism. When playing through this game I felt like I was in either Saving Private Ryan or Band of Brothers. The action is soooooo intense. Bullets hiting everywhere and when a tank fires it blows chunks of buildings out. You can't always run up to nazi's and fight face to face like in other shooters. You must stay with your squad or entire company and fight as a team. The enemies are extremely smart and very violent. They don't stand right in front of you and hit you with their gun every two seconds. They hit violently and will fire their guns like real soldiers, not taking short burst and waiting until your three feet infront of them. The levels are massive, 37 in all. Burning buildings, forests, dams, and bridges. You even play inside of a B-17 flying over Holland. Most of the levels are very original but many we have seen in movies such as Band of Brothers, The Longest Day, and Enemy at the Gate. You play as six different characters, two from each the American, British, and Russian armies. From training camp in the states to the airborne drop over Normandy, from a POW rescue in Austria to the battle for Stalingrad, you will be blown away! Fight through the battle of the bulge at Foy and Noville, assuault a train bridge in Holland, and throw everything you have at the nazis for the liberation of Russia at Kursk and Kharkov. The weapony is aweaome. You will use the thompson, mp44, ppsh, silenced sten, bazooka, springfield, M1, MG42, 30 cal., colt 45, bren, pazerfuast, browning, mp40, kar, panzershrek, ghewer, and so much more. You wil drive tanks, ride shotgun in the side car of a motorcycle, shoot from cars and jeeps. You will play in France, Holland, Belgium, Germany, Russia, Poland, Austria, Italy and America. Multiplayer is just as great if not better, with tons of modes to play. Buy both Call of Duty and United Offensive for the complete WWII simulation.     