 Revenge of the Sith is a wonderful experience on the Xbox. The game features numerous cut scenes taken directly out of the film, in widescreen dvd quality. This should be enough to make any Star Wars fan race to buy this game as the dvd isnt out until November 1st. However! Revenge of the Sith is a very solid third person action game. It combines the hack and slash action of Jedi Power Battles with the minor RPG style upgrading found in The Two Towers and The Return of the King. With this being said, Revenge of the Sith works extremely well. It's fast and furious combat only gets better as you earn experience to upgrade your skills as you see fit. You can upgrade your force abilities (push, heal, saber through, etc.) and your combat skills (critical hits, area attacks, etc.) This makes every level's action more and more intense with seemingly hundreds of moves at your disposal. In Revenge of the Sith you alternate between Obi-Wan and Anakin, playing throughout every action scene featured in the film, as well as some never before seen engagments that expand on the film. For example, more action sequences aboard Grevious's ship, and a lengthy duel between Anakin and Mace Windu. Along your quest through the final stages of the Clone Wars, you'll encounter various enemies, from buzz droids to crab droids, from droidikas to the simple battle droids. Then ofcourse with the execution of Order 66, as Obi-Wan, your advisaries change. You'll fight through Clone Troopers and finally your fallen aprentice Anakin, now Lord Vader. After you complete the single player campaign (featuring an alternate ending) you can head off to the bonus missions which provide hours of even more fun. One mission even allows you to play as Yoda. After completing the campaign you will also have earned access to all the video clips from the film, to watch as much as you desire. Concept art is also avilable for viewing, some of these stills are scenes cut from the theatrical release of the movie, this is a nice addition and worthy of unlocking for sure. Two player co-op and duel modes are avalible for playing with many areas to fight in, as Anakin, Obi-Wan, Mace Windu, Count Dooku, Grevious, Darth Vader, Ben Kenobi of Epidsode 4, and several others. Graphics wise, ROTS is solid but nothing mind blowing. The gameplay is very tight and doesnt ever let up. Skywalker Sound makes it's contribution with sounds directly from the movies and a genuine Star Wars soundtrack, as to be expected. I found ROTS to be a very entertaining game that exceeded my expectations, as movie to game adaptations arent always that great. It is certainly one of the best Star Wars games to come along in recent years and I highly recommend it for your Xbox. Thanks for reading.       