 i knew right from the beginning that playing MOH: European Assault wasnt going to be any groundbreaking experience. Even hardcore fans of the series have to admit that Medal of Honor has been on a downward slope. Frontline in 2002 was a awesome game but 2003's Rising Sun was less than adequete. European Assault rests happily between the two titles....it is a good game. I give it 5 stars because it's clearly taking the series in a positive direction. The gameplay feels far more intense than any game in the MOH series. I feel the game takes a cue from Call of Duty in that respect. Graphically, this game is very decent. The framerate is very nice as well as consistent. Textures are muddy and blurry but overall in the visual department, this game is solid, just nothing we havent seen before. The sound is excellent, certainly deserving of praise. The THX surround support pulls gamers into the heat of combat. And for the first time since Frontline, the series has a wonderful score, all composed by Christopher Lennertz. The music and sound effects are great. The weapons used in this first person shooter are average fare. Although a few new weapons such as the T-18 are present. Overall the weapons handel very accurately and feel incredibly powerful. There are no real problems in the gameplay, only that its quite a brief experience. It only took me about 6 hours. Luckily the multiplayer is fun. Like the singleplayer game it isnt anything new, just the basic modes like deathmathch and such, but there is an intense element that makes the multiplayer enjoyable. The overall presentation of the game is very nice, the menus are simple to navigate and the in-game cinematics are quite impressive, if only the actual game looked as good, (sighs). Thats not to say this game looks bad, just saying the opening cinematic gets you prepared for so much more. The first four missions in the game take place in 1942 France with the Brit's raid on St. Nazaire. These levels are very intense and the third even shows off some cool lighting effects as you fight thru a lightning storm. The following levels in Africa and Russia are enjoyable but each of these campaigns is very short, two missions each. I liked seeing the Russian PPSH in a Medal of Honor game too. The final three levels in Belgium during the Battle of the Bulge in 1944 are possibly the best in the whole game. If things continue at this rate, Medal of Honor Airborne, lauching on the PlayStation 3 next spring, should certainly be a winner! thanks for reading.     