 "EA GAMES!"...that was the first thing that came out of my mouth when I saw the cover art for TimeSplitters Future Perfect a while back. Now, as much as I love EA GAMES, I have to admit I was worried about the TimeSplitters series when I saw it changing publisher. Now all I can say is, "Congratulations Free Radical on another spectacular game!" Eidos, EA, it makes no difference. The boys at Free Rad have done it again. Its been a considerable time since the last installment in the series but the other day I found myself picking up right where I left off in TimeSplitters 2. This made me very happy, to say the least. Some minor and major changes have been made to the series and believe me that their all for the best. The graphics still have some what of a cartoony look to them but have been made to look more realistic. The controls are tighter, as if to say the previous game's weren't, sheesh. Things just don't stop getting better do they? Technically, Future Perfect is the most impressive game I have ever seen. It's framerate is blistering, it sounds fantastic, the animations and effects are wonderful, and best of all the characters actually seem alive. Sure the A.I. in the last game was good, but this time, it is SO much better. The characters take cover, talk to you constantly, never to the point of being annoying, and the look absolutley great. The game's story is also very interesting and captivating, making for a more memorable experience. Where as TimeSplitters 2 dropped you into random time periods to abliterate everything in your way, Future Perfect drops you into random time periods to abliterate everything in your way, for a purpose. I won't give away the story but I assure you it is very awesome. Whether your infiltrating a train yard with 60's super spy, Harry Tipper, or blasting apart zombies in a haunted house, Future Perfect is sure to keep you entertained for hours on end. One of the biggest changes I should point out are that TimeSpitters now has blood...tons and tons of blood. It is gory, gratuious and I love it. This truely adds to the hightened realism the series is seeming to strive for. However, never fear fellow TimeSplitters fans, the classic humor from the previous titles is still intact and funnier than ever. Future Perfect is...well, a perfect mix of both seriousness and humor. Just when you begin to get frustrated, an in-game voice well ease your tension. For example, when I was being timed to hack a computer and becoming just a little frustrated, another Cortez yelled "Hey I know it sucks, I've have to do it twice already!" and the two more chime in, "Me too!" Thats right people, I said another Cortez. Future Perfect allows you to meet yourself through time paradoxes, either a future you or a past you. In either case you'll be helping youself out, and will eventually play out the situation through both perspectives. Not only will you meet up with yourself but many memorable characters return to the series, including Captain Ash, Jungle Queen, Kitten Celeist, Khallos, Jo Beth, monkey, and the previously metioned, Harry Tipper. And thats just in the single player game. Dinosaur, Handy Man, Duckman Drake, and many others return to the insane multiplayer portion of Future Perfect that will have you battling it out in various modes across some of the best multiplayer maps ever.  Siberia focuses on wide open combat, allowing players to get into vehicles while most of the other maps allow for more classic FPS action. The multiplayer maps are very diverse, from Vietnam to a swinging 60's club, the mayhem will never end. As in TimeSplitters 2, two players can play the whole single player mode cooperativley and all levels can be challenged on different difficulties. Some classic weapons return to the series with a couple modifications such as the minigun, shotgun, and SBP 90. The new weapons are just plain awesome, double MP5k's, a baseball bat, harpoon gun, and trip mines, to name only a few. You can now throw grenades and use a device on your arm to lift object to hurdle at people. This seems very much like a Jedi using the force and is quite useful for reaching things at high locations. The arcade modes and challenges are up to the previous game's standards and are sure to not not dissapoint...I mean come on, who doesn't want to race a wheeled cat around a race track. As in the last game, Future Perfect manages to pay homage to GoldenEye with a similar train mission. Also, Chinese, Mexican Mission, and Training Ground from TimeSplitters 2 have been revamped, unfortunatly, they just dont feel the same. But thats why new maps have been made. TimeSplitter Future Perfect is a game I would honestly and gladly pay much more than 50 dollars for and is truly one of the best games I have ever played. Time to Split! Thanks for Reading.      