 I have not finished this book yet but, being past the much maligned first 200 pages, I thought I would throw in a couple thoughts. Bottom line: Does it really matter whether this is the best book of the series or not? We probably all have our own opinion of which book is the best. If you have come this far on the journey it is just the next step we must take, for better or worse, as we anxiously (& sadly) await the final chapter. If you have not read the entire saga, don't start here. You just wouldn't get it anyway. Go back to the beginning and be grateful that, like me, you don't have to wait 2 years between books like many did. I was introduced to this series late so, fortunately for me, I could buy all the books at once, line them up on the shelf, and immerse myself in the story. Maybe that makes it easier to view the entire saga in an unbroken line of continuity and put FC's beginning into context. Unlike so many novelists, DG gutsily allows us to see a little of what life was really like back then (not all perfume, silk gowns and carriages for sure), ie in terms of hygiene and how they dealt, or didn't, with issues we don't even think twice about these days with our daily showers, indoor plumbing, and throw-away diapers. The beginning of Fiery Cross is a bit like the 18th century family vacation from hell. It paints a picture, granted not particularly pretty, of the baser issues people dealt with...made even more difficult by being away from home. Ok, not so romantic, but I can appreciate the snapshot of a real 18th century life.  Beyond that, the beginning of FC paints the picture of J & C's life now, in many ways Jamie's dream life (warts and all), some 25 years later as they approach middle age and deal with many similar issues as today's families. They are surrounded by the chaos and difficulty and irritation and blessings of family and friends who share a mutual love and respect. Glamorous, no...happy?...well, getting there. I have ached for them to have just a bit of peace together and so I have enjoyed meandering through the gathering with them. They are getting older now, their relationship has matured and they just want the peace and joy and home that we all want. *sigh* We all know that will only last for so long...200 pages doesn't seem nearly too long to me. I love the fact that DG is allowing Jamie & Claire such a realistic lifeline. May not always be exciting but it sure makes them feel real. Edited for additional comments at end of book: I will agree that there is way more attention to and technical detail on Claire's medical activities than I find interesting. I really don't care how an elbow is reconstructed....unless it is Jamie's o' course... ;-} ...and, dear Lord, the only reason I don't feel more guilty about my inability to take much interest in Bree & Roger is that obviously I'm not alone. Still...it has been a pleasant book in a quieter way, just to enjoy those heartbreaking 'Jamie moments' for as long as we can.     