 When I was a lot younger I bought all of Elton John's albums and singles on vinyl. When I upgraded my albums to CD I was disappointed (at first) to find that many of the B-sides that appeared on singles were not issued to CD. Later releases of Elton John's 1970s era albums contain many of these B-sides as bonus tracks. So buyer beware if you have the later EJ reissues.  This set is great because nearly all of the 1970s era B-sides are in one place. These are oddities and rarities, some very beautiful. One of them, "Skyline Pidgeon" is one of my all time EJ favorites. This version is better than the harpsicord based original that appears on 1969's "Empty Sky" album. This version of "Skyline Pidgeon," often called the "piano version" was issued in 1973 as the B-side to the hit single "Daniel". It was probably recorded at the same time as the "Don't Shoot Me, I'm Only the Piano Player" album.  Besides the famous "I Saw Her Standing There" live duet with John Lennon (which also appears on the extended edition of "Here And There"), one of the prettiest Elton John tracks on this collection is "One Day At A Time." This beautifully produced piece was issued as the B-side to Elton John's #1 hit single, "Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds." Yes, the A-side was penned by Lennon/McCartney. "One Day At the Time" was written and originally recorded by John Lennon and appeared on his "Mind Games" album in late 1973. You know what? I always liked Elton John's version of this song better than Lennon's.  "Step into Christmas" is a great holiday track to which I bought and still own the original 45. The B-side to this record was the hilarious "Ho Ho Ho Who'd Be A Turkey at Christmas". I'm sure this was recorded as a throwaway for the single.. but hey... it is funny and reminds me of "B-B-B-Bennie & the Jets"... Funky little holiday song that goes by each year unnoticed by the masses.  Three Dog Night recorded a version of Elton John's "Lady Samantha". In this case Elton's original is much better than the cover version. Good thing it is included here.  Finally, I never saw the movie "Friends," but am happy the entire soundtrack to "Friends" is included here. The title song was a minor hit single for Elton John and its b-side "Honey Roll" appears for the first and only time on CD.  Be aware that some of these songs also appear on the 1990 boxed set "To Be Continued". Whatever the case may be, most Elton John fans will be happy to own this CD set.      