 Before penning this review, I took the time to scroll through the comments of others that had reviewed the film as well.  Their comments are on-the-mark when dealing with the plot, character development, actor chemistry, and quality of performances for the film.  So I'll spare you all that; if you want to read about those things, please take the time to read the reviews of Michael Crane or Sheila Chilcote-Collins.  Instead, I'd like to focus on what I feel separates this movie from the general fare of action flicks that turn up every year at the box office: the subtext.  Now, I'm not talking about the subtitles (which are brilliantly used through most of the film - how often do you *notice* the style of the subtitles in a movie?), but rather the underlying themes that drive this film.  The movie is clearly a redemption story - primarily the redemption of Creasy - but it is how the film plays out the redemption that helps it to rise above common.  Here are a few specific examples of the themes and imagery that pull this off.  The story carries a heavily religious tone, from Creasy's early question to Rayburn "do you think God will ever forgive us," to the bible that he carries, the scriptures that he quotes to the Madre at Pita's school, and the oft-present holy iconography of the heavily Catholic-influenced Mexico.  I also find the fact that Creasy's attachment to Pita begins to develop through her desire to swim, ultimately bringing them both together at the water.  This marks the beginning of his salvation, much as a Christian is brought into the grace of God through baptism, a ceremony focused on water.  Just as it appears that Creasy's redemption is complete (he has become social again, pushing away his alcoholism, and finding peace through the bible), the conduit for this is snatched away in the kidnapping and then believed killed before he can recover from his wounds in the gun battle.  At this point, Creasy becomes an instrument of God - an Old Testament, fire-and-brimstone angel of vengeance - set forth to punish the wicked.  Creasy's cause is not revenge, but rather a cleansing of the wicked.  He does this even though he knows that it is costing him his own life along the way, and we are poignantly reminded of this every time he steps into the pool at the end of day, where we see the blood - his life blood - being washed away.  It is also a nice symbolic representation, tying back the forgiveness granted in baptism, of the washing away of the sins Creasy commits in his quest for divine vengeance.  In the scene where Creasy confronts Samuel and much of the truth is revealed, the bullet is also symbolic, especially when taken into context of Creasy's original attempt to use it, Samuel's professed religious devotion, and his location in the house when Samuel uses it.  God's will be done...  There are numerous other instances within the film, but at this point, I'd rather you go watch it for yourself and find them on your own.  Just be aware that there is something else going on in the film, a subtext that lends the film much greater meaning, while detracting nothing from the fine acting and action sequences.  Then, decide for yourself who truly finds redemption at the end of the movie...     