 After reading the negative comments about this machine, I was worried: should I have bought it?  Did I waste my money?  Now that it's arrived, I found it very easy to use.  I sucessfully made spaghetti and fettucine my first try, although I threw it out per the instructions, because this was the very first time I used it and this runthrough cleaned the manufacturing residue out of the machine.  Here are my tips:   1.  Make sure your pasta dough is well kneaded until it is smooth.  Let it rest covered in plastic wrap at least 20 minutes. 2.  Cut your dough into pieces.  If you're making 1lb of pasta (about 2 cups flour, 2 eggs in most recipes,) cut the dough into four pieces. 3.  With rolling pin, roll each piece into a rectangle.  Make sure it is not too thick. Very lightly dust with flour if necessary.  I rolled mine to about twice the thickness of the widest setting on the rollers.  If the end of the rectangle is too narrow, cut a bit off to square it up somewhat. 4.  Let the dough rest another 10 minutes.  Cover with plastic wrap. 5.  Very lightly dust the first piece with flour, both sides.  Run it through the machine slowly.  If the dough feels very smooth and dry, flouring doesn't seem to be necessary. If your rectangle is too thick, the machine will pull some through while most of it bunches up on the rollers.  This will cause your rectangle to tear and form holes as it passes through the rollers.   6.  When it comes out, fold it in half (take the back end that just came out of the machine, fold it up to meet the front end.)  Run it through the machine again.  Do this at least six times. Very lightly dust with flour as necessary.  The dough should be very smooth by now. 7. Turn the dial in one setting.  Run the pasta sheet through.  Make sure the piece goes in square so that it's not running to one side of the rollers, otherwise it may bunch and tear.  If it is pulling towards one side, you can guide it with your free hand to the other.  Don't worry about the dough folding on itself as it comes out.  It seems very resiliant.  I had no problems doing this by myself. 8.  Repeat step seven until you run the piece through at the narrowest setting. 9.  Repeat with the rest of your dough.  Let the dough rest a bit, then run the first piece through the cutter attachment of your choice. As the pieces coming out get to the length you want, very lightly cut the rectangle of dough just before it enters the cutter rollers.  Use a very sharp paring knife. I tried cutting the pasta as it was coming out, but that was awkward.  The sheet of pasta you're working on now needs to be put back into the cutter rollers (because you've just cut it loose. ) 10. Repeat with the other pieces of rolled pasta. I did one practice run with some dough to clean out the machine, as per the instructions. This was my practice run. The very first runthrough was not successful, and then I hit upon the idea of rolling the dough into a rectangle as in step 3 above.  Then I hit upon the idea of using smaller pieces of dough to prevent getting unmangeably long sheets. I would give this machine five stars if it were stainless steel, and washable.     