 As I was checking out some books on Amazon.com about Christian Mysticism, I saw a review that the author invited people to e-mail him. After a few e-mail exchanges I was told about the Indian Christian Mystic Sundar Singh. This biography from A.J. Appasamy, who knew the Mystic during his many travels, wrote a very easy to read book that pages fly by. Sundar Singh was born September 3, 1889 in a rich Sikh family from Punjab India. As a child he wanted to know the truth & questioned his local teachers. They told him that he would get the answer in time, but Sundar had a quick mind & would not except the standard answers: "Excuse me, but I cannot believe this, for if I am a part of Brahma (Godhead or Ultimate Reality), or am myself Brahma, then I should be incapable of having any Maya (illusion). But if Maya is possible in Brahma, then Brahma is no longer Brahma, for he has been subordinated to Maya. Hence Maya is stronger than Brahma himself, & Maya will then not be Maya but will be a reality that has overcome Brahma, & we shall have to think of Brahma himself as Maya, & this is blasphemy." Sundar wanted the truth so much that he states: ...I prayed that if there was a God at all He would reveal Himself to me, & show me the way of salvation, & end this unrest of my soul. I firmly made up my mind that, if this prayer was not answered, I would before daylight go down to the railway, & place my head on the line before the incoming train." Then instead of Krishna or Buddha, Jesus Christ appeared to him & he became a Christian Sadhu (Holy Man, Wandering Friar, or Religious Teacher). He then spread the Gospel around India into Nepal & Tibetan boarder. Later in his life he visited England, Burma, China, Japan, America, Australia, Switzerland, Germany, Scandinavia, & Holland where many heard of him. Sundar's teachings were very simple, to the point, & like Jesus Christ, he used many parables. He was associated with the Church of England, but did not become a priest in order to reach all the religions & many Christian denominations. He had many mystical visions seeing the saints around Jesus Christ & meet a Christian hermit around Tibet named Maharishi, who claimed he was over 200 years old. Many don't know if this was a vision, a real hermit who was just old, or if Sundar made it up. After trying for years to make it into Tibet (he normally visited the outskirts), he finally made it in 1929, only to disappear. The book discusses his teachings, main sayings, & other important information that gives a good picture of Sundar.     