 I remember when I first became an Orthodox Christian from an Evangelical background, I saw this book & somehow felt drawn to it. Alas it was out of print & very hard to find. After years of semi-looking here it is in Amazon.com in the used section.  The book was written from 2 authors & is in 2 sections.  The first section "Elder Michael of Valaam" was written by Nun Maria Stakhovich, who's writing skills make the historical life of Elder Michael rather vague. Several stories she doesn't finish because Elder Michael would kept silent. What good is a biography of a person if everything is a secret? Another problem was a large section was about the battle between the Finnish Orthodox Church use of the new calendar against the Russian Orthodox Church use of the old calendar. This takes about half of the first section of the book. In other words very little about Elder Michael was revealed.  The second section "Talks with Elder Michael" was written by Sergius Bolshakoff, who also wrote the book "Russian Mystics" which was poorly translated. This time around Mr. Bolshakoff writes in top form giving colorful background descriptions of his travels to Finnish & Russian monasteries to interview certain monks. There are 4 talks recorded with the basic teachings of Elder Michael dealing with topics such as "Prayer for the Dead", "Divine Providence", "Interior Life", "Prayer", & "Penance" as well as many other subjects.  Elder Michael was born July 24, 1877 in Latvia. First his mother than his Father died when he was very young. In 1894 he made several pilgrimages to southwestern Russian & Ukrainian monasteries. In 1902 he arrived at Valaam Monastery & in 1914 was tonsured a monk. In 1917 he became a priest & in 1940 was forced to leave Valaam to Finland because of World War Two. In 1945/46 he was tonsured into the Great Scheme (the highest & hardest order of monasticism) & in 1957 returned to Russia at the Pskov Caves Monastery to die there April 15, 1962.  Historical note: It was the Valaam Monastery that sent missionary monks to Alaska in 1794. This was America's first contract with Russian Orthodoxy which continues today.  The book contains great photos of the monasteries & monks, & is worth buying for the 2nd section.     