 The "First Time Ever I" heard Johnny Cash was on the radio in the mid 1960's singing the funny yet catching country song "A Man Named Sue" which everyone sang along.  The "First Time Ever I" heard Johnny Cash sang a movie track, I was shocked by the non-metered poetry. My father said "Johnny Cash is known to tell a story rather than sing in rhyme." Years later through Classical music I learned that one was allowed to do such a thing.  The "First Time Ever I" ever bought a Johnny Cash CD was "Johnny Cash's Greatest Hits Volume I" because I collect music to match with my slide shows & don't play this type of CDs for normal listening pleasure.   The "First Time Ever I" heard Johnny Cash sang "Hurt" was at work a few years ago. All day long my business environment is a battle ground between Rap & Mex-Tex. All of a sudden a deep worn out voice sang about spiritual depravity & hope that I was blown away. "Who is singing?" I asked a fellow worker who also doesn't listen to Rap or Mex-Tex. "That's Johnny Cash singing a song by Nine Inch Nails" came the reply. That sure makes a strange combo.  The "First Time Ever I" saw Johnny Cash sing "Hurt" as a music video was in between two PBS shows on TV. Normally PBS always shows this station break about southern California during the top of the hour because they have so few commercials. Why this one day PBS played a music video during that time I have no idea, but I was hooked...I had to get Johnny Cash's last  CD "American IV: The Man Comes Around" with the DVD short "Hurt". The references to a "You can't take it with you" type of philosophy with the death of his wife & Jesus on the cross was most moving.  The "First Time Ever I" heard Johnny Cash sing "First Time Ever I Saw Your Face" was on this CD & was pleasantly surprised on how well it could be sang from a male perspective. When the song came out in the 1970's by Roberta Flack, the radio stations over played it & I was into progressive rock. The song didn't move me as it does now. Years later the song was one of the few I liked from my wife's CD "Celine Dion - All the Way...A Decade of Song".  Therefore "Hurt" & "First Time Ever I Saw Your Face" made me see Johnny Cash as an understated musical genius because he can be so successful at experimentation. The rest of the CD "American IV: The Man Comes Around" has its ups & downs, but this review is written from a person that normally doesn't listen to Country music. The highlights are "The Man Comes Around" which is Country but though Johnny Cash's skill & spiritual background reveals the last days with a tang. Paul Simon's "Bridge Over Troubled Water" is done with a deep heart felt passion that makes for a welcome addition. John Lennon / Paul McCartney's "In My Life" is very upfront & clear which showcases Johnny Cash's timber. Ross Parker / Hugh Charles's jazzy "We'll Meet Again" makes for a great ending that one wonders if Johnny Cash could have made it as a Jazz singer.  There are some songs that may hold a surprise like Martin Gore's "Personal Jesus" that Johnny Cash  twists around to the positive & Sting's "I Hung My Head" which sounds very Country. The balance of the CD has some Country classics that are done with great skill while others repeat the same words or rhythm.   If you are not a Country music fan but have respect for an American icon that takes chances, this CD will not let you down. Because I liked this CD DVD combination so well, I am going to check out a few other of Johnny Cash`s "American" series.  Johnny if your listening, I hope "We'll Meet Again".     