 `Blue Nile' CD's are very hard to find in top 40 CD stores; therefore I thought that their pervious CD "Hats" was their last production. Joining Amazon.com a little over a year ago, I recently discovered this CD "Peace At Last" & hurriedly ordered before it also becomes out of print. Reading the main article about this CD & how `Blue Nile' made 3 CD's in 15 years with 2 tours to back everything up is a mind blower. Can I also be an understated genius & get my music produced? No, `Blue Nile' is just one of those under the social-commercial radar groups that influences everyone else that creates a cult following where a few always beg for more. Warning, this CD is different then `Blue Nile's pervious CD's for several reasons which is why there are some negative reviews. I always felt that Paul Buchanan was a Christian, in his earlier CD's he always hinted at it, or had an underlying spiritual point to make. Some of the songs in "Peace at Last" do contain prayers to Jesus or are very Christian in nature, but I think they are done in a tasteful, & in one song "Family Life" in an extremely emotional reflected way. Plus the instrumentation is different; most songs start with a simple acoustic guitar & maybe some drums, but the normal sound of `Blue Nile' creeps, or fades in & out with most of the songs. Less experimentation & sound effects are used, but the electric funk guitar is still there at times. When I first got this CD in the mail from Amazon.com, I just got home from work. I placed "Peace At Last" into the stereo system & took a shower while hearing the music in the background. When I finished the shower, I walked out & heard "Family Life". Never before did I hear Paul Buchanan weep so profoundly to God about the love & value of his family. I had to play it over again, right there & then; never before have I cried when first hearing a song, it normally takes me 3 to 4 listens to get into a song. This morning before I wrote this article, my wife & me were driving to work listening to this CD, when "Family Life" came on; I had to play it over again. With tears in my eyes I said "That is the best song Paul Buchanan ever wrote" & my wife said "That is the best song I ever heard." If all the songs were like this I would give a "5", but the "4" is to warn semi-fans that this time around, `Blue Nile' is different or more explicit. Peace!     