 While I was exploring the "Friends & Favorites" section of Amazon.com, I found a review about this book. The book looked interesting because for most of my life I have been studying the major religions & philosophies, & have been trying to free my mind from the effects of Americana. The book itself does have its high points, there was a large listing of when the US government used its military to enforced its policies, surprising every 2 to 3 years in some areas, mostly in Central America & the Caribbean. The listing was very general in the details, but lacking the reasons why. I have seen these listings before, normally in reference to certain Presidents (for example Teddy Roosevelt) or doctrines (for example the Monroe Doctrine). There was a chapter of American greed or Corporate Globalization, but as someone wrote in another review, "America never forces people to buy a burger". I can relate to the Americanization, really Globalization, because I have been in Israel in 1990 & was surprise to see McDonalds & Wendy's fast food, even if they had no cheese burgers due to Jewish kosher laws. Later I visited the Ukraine in 1998 thinking I would escape the influence of the USA only to find all the major eastern Asian companies selling their electronic goods. The saddest point was when a certain rock group was singing in English "I am a Barbie doll, living in a Barbie world..." via the radio & TV, which was the only thing I had heard in total English during the visit. There is also a chapter dealing with the American Hero which also helped me to question the concepts of the American Dream & other issues. The book was too general to bring the main issue into focus but what made me question its value was the publisher "Misinformation". Check out the publishers symbol & the listing of their other books by clicking the publishers name on the browser & see that they all are very negative. Also see what other books come up during the search. The whole thing became a mind game that I didn't want to play. No, it's better to free your mind from any use of negative universal symbols, or reading a list of things done wrong by a certain country. All nations that become the today's super power will be blamed for something. To free ourselves from Americana it's better to read the philosophers or mystics that teach us to forgive, care, & reach out in truth to all the world. In other words: no matter what a nation does, it's up to each of us to make a difference.     