 How did I ever buy this CD...I forgot because I have over 1800 CD's. I must have had magic fingers when I first laid my hands on this CD because this is one of my favorites. Becoming an Eastern Orthodox Christian a few years ago & studying my Irish/Scottish historic past, Iona reflects the more ancient mystical aspects of Celtic Christianity long lost in these days of Individualism & Rationalism. I look at Iona as a mix of the following: the progressive sound of "Yes", the craftsmanship of "Happy the Man", the jazz & soul of "Van Morrison", the Irish Scottish gigs of "Silly Wizard", the beautiful haunting female voice of...well, not as strange as "Lisa Gerrard", maybe more like "Enya".  More Detail:  The progressive rock group "Yes" was very talented changing time & rhythm at will with abstract flowery poetry, but they were rather messy or burly at their playing ability. The progressive rock group "Happy the Man" had less poetry but had a tighter cleaner approach to their progressive music. Iona takes the "Yes" poetry but uses ancient mystical Christian ideals with songs about the Irish, Scottish, & English saints in their classic praises to God, life, & nature. Iona is as tight & clean in their musical phasing as "Happy the Man".   "Van Morrison" is highly known for his intermix of Jazz & Rock while still containing his Irish Celtic soul. At times Iona will break off into a Jazz mode while containing a Celtic Soul.   "Silly Wizard" is one of the best Irish Scottish folk bands playing at lighting speed. Iona is just as fast when they play a Irish Scottish jig yet at times convert that style into modern jazz rock.   Iona's main singer is Joanne Hogg. Her singing voice is not a dark as Lisa Gerrard, nor as light & airy as Enya, but all 3 women do contain a mystical soprano chant that causes goose bumps.  Believe it or not Robert Fripp of King Crimson is a guest on several tracks with his Fripp-Tronics guitar work.   Reading many Fr. Seraphim Rose books & his love of Lindisfarne island, the song on this CD about Lindisfarne calls me back to my ancestral homeland. A must for any progressive music lover or Christian Mystic.     