 When is a book a newer edition or completely new? Is there something in the middle of this question? Yes, there is the fantastic second biography of Eugene Rose called "Father Seraphim Rose: His Life & Works", by Hieromonk Damascene. First published under the title "Not of This World: The Life & Teachings of Fr. Seraphim Rose" when the monastery book publisher 'St. Herman of Alaska Brotherhood' was in between jurisdictions which caused a near perfect first biography to self destruct at the ending with questionable motives. Now corrected under the supervision of the Serbian Orthodox Church with the blessings of several Orthodox jurisdictions, this renewed almost resurrected book has added unpublished writings from Fr. Seraphim, new reminiscences with photographs, & updated expanded source notes. The book is well made for a paperback but because of its size, over 1000 pages, one should be careful when reading. On the front cover is a great facial color photograph of Fr. Seraphim Rose in his monastic robe, looking over his shoulder with his long hair & bread. The rest of the photographs within the book are black & white, taken from Eugene's childhood throughout the years to his priesthood & finally death. As with the pervious book, it's well written & very easy to read that the amount of the pages doesn't become a factor. Orthodox or Russian terms that can't quite be translated into a single English word are totally explained for the average reader. The chronological order is very organized & doesn't mix up the time periods as much as other biographies. HIS LIFE: Eugene Rose was born on 1934 in San Diego California, the third & last child of the Rose family, which later moved to Caramel California. Eugene's Father was a non-practicing Roman Catholic & his Mother a church hopping Protestant. When Eugene came of age, his mother saw his great promise of a mind & she tried to encourage him with the American Dream, but Eugene rebelled within the beatnik movement of the 1950's because he saw the underlying Nihilist currents overtaking the society. Eugene graduated from Pomona College & then studied under Alan Watts, the Ex-Anglican Priest turned pop culture Zen Buddhist, & finally Chinese philosophy & language under the University of California Berkeley. Eugene never became a professor because of the westernized limitations of the University system, but instead took up odd jobs so that he could write his opus "The Kingdom of Man and the Kingdom of God" (which he never finished)after he converted to Russian Orthodoxy. Later under the guidance of Archbishop John Maximovitch (a few years after his death he became an Orthodox Saint in North America) & with Gleb Podmoshensky, a Russian immigrant, they started a brotherhood called "St. Herman of Alaska Brotherhood" where Eugene & Gleb owned an Orthodox bookstore & published the magazine "Orthodox Word". After the death of Archbishop John Maximovitch, they left everything behind & started their own 'Skete' (small monastery) in the middle of the forest near Platina California following the Russian Optina & Valaam traditions. Here they wrote many books & letters to encourage the Orthodox Christians trapped behind the iron curtain (communist lands of eastern Europe & Russia) & influence many Americans to reconsider the cultural limitations of western Christianity. Within a few years both become monks & later priests, Eugene became Fr. Seraphim Rose (after St. Seraphim of Sarov Russia) & Gleb became Fr. Herman (after St. Herman of Alaska). Sadly Fr. Seraphim died in 1982 at the young age of 48. HIS WORKS: Fr. Seraphim Rose wrote many books & this biography goes over the general topics & the reasons why they were written. These books include "Genesis, Creation & Early Man", "Orthodoxy & the Religion of the Future", "The Soul After Death", as well as many others.   What makes this book so profound is to learn of the insight, the commitment, & the cross carrying power of Fr. Seraphim Rose. His prophetic vision of what was to become of American culture & the means of transformation to overcome it. A magnificent spiritual journey captured in just over a 1000 pages.     