 The Production: The TV series "All Creatures Great & Small" started in Great Britain on January 1978 with no nonsense photography with the typical grain of that time period. This DVD box set is from the second season, which played in September through December 1978. Some photography scenes were taken direct off Yorkshire farms. There are very little special effects, the only ones I can think of is either drugged or fake animals to act out certain quick scenes. Were some of the animals trained to act like they were sick or dying? For example: This set shows a horse dying of lockjaw with the finishing effect of lying on the ground shaking. Sometimes certain operations were preformed with a human hand, checking the rear of certain animals for pregnancies or intestinal problems. At times when the actors themselves are seen performing inspections on the animals, their hands were either hidden behind the animals or the actors makes facial expressions with the lower parts of their bodies off the screen. Very down to Earth & as real as possible with great effect. The Actors: Christopher Timothy plays James Herriot, a Scottish newly qualified Veterinarian as co-owner with Veterinarian Surgeon Siegfried Farnon, played by Robert Hardy, in the Yorkshire farming community of Darrowby during the 1930's. Veterinary student & Siegfried's younger brother Tristan, played by Peter Davison continues to miss things up, for example: blowing up a cow in one show. The housekeeper is Mrs. Hall, played by Mary Hignett. James wife & secretary for the entire business is Helen played by Carol Drinkwater. Commentary: The second season is more even in plot & characters than the first season. Most shows deal with the brothers Siegfried & Tristan tricking James into volunteering for something they don't what to do. The whole Veterinary household will become a part of your family with their joys, sorrows, & adventures. As with the first season this box set comes with 4 DVD's: at three to four 50 to 55 minute programs per DVD. There are now two other DVD box sets, the first & third seasons, & a single DVD of 2 specials short in the mid 1980's. "All Creatures Great & Small" did return to British TV in the late 1980's with 4 seasons, but these are only on VHS. A good buy if you're into real life comedy.     