 Our Background: My wife, who was born in Russia, yet lived near Kiev Ukraine in a Soviet commune farm, loved reading the books "All Creatures Great & Small" from James Herriot (real name: Alf Wight). When we got married & she moved to the United States, we both fell in love with movie adaptations from Jane Austin's novels. This lead to a British TV series invasion in our house, starting with "Darling Buds of May" & later when we found the DVD book set of "All Creatures Great & Small". Let's give it a try... The Production: The TV series "All Creatures Great & Small" started in Great Britain on January 1978 with no nonsense photography with the typical grain of that time period. Some photography scenes were taken direct off Yorkshire farms. There are very little special effects, the only ones I can think of is either drugged or fake animals to act out certain quick scenes. Were some of the animals trained to act like they were sick or dying? Sometimes certain operations were preformed with a human hand, checking the rear of certain animals for pregnancies or intestinal problems. At times when the actors themselves are seen performing inspections on the animals, their hands were either hidden behind the animals or the actors were making faces with the lower parts of their bodies off the screen. Very down to Earth & as real as possible with great effect. The Actors: Christopher Timothy plays James Herriot, a Scottish newly qualified Veterinarian traveling down to Yorkshire England for a job interview with Veterinarian Surgeon Siegfried Farnon, played by Robert Hardy, in the town & farming community of Darrowby during the 1930's. Later Veterinary student & Siegfried's younger brother Tristan, played by Peter Davison (later to become the fifth Dr. Who), who travels back & forth during college. Also in the house is the housekeeper, Mrs. Hall, played by Mary Hignett. At last after dating James through the first of the series & then marring him is Helen, played by Carol Drinkwater. Our favorite minor character is Mrs. Pumphrey, played by Margarette Scott, a rich widower who has a Pekingese dog Tricki Woo. Mrs. Pumphrey constantly over feeds the dog almost to death, which James rescues with a diet, & he is awarded grommet treats of cigars & Port. Commentary: The first program started out rather slow with references to British & Scottish language problems & it was not until the third or fourth program that we both started to understand & enjoy the series. In the end it was like experiencing new neighbors in our family room each night. This box set comes with 4 DVD's: at three to four 50 to 55 minute programs per DVD. The last DVD comes with an interview with the real James Herriot: Alf Wight. If you like the first DVD box set series, there are now two other DVD Box sets, the second & third seasons, & a single DVD of 2 specials from the mid 1980's. "All Creatures Great & Small" did return to British TV in the late 1980's with 4 seasons, but these are only on VHS at this time. A good buy if your into real life comedy.     