 Many years ago I received through the mail a Folk Music catalog featuring an interview with Rickie Lee Jones during her "Pop Pop" period. In the article she discussed her influences naming a lot of folk artists including "The Blue Nile". I never heard of the group, but I always respected Rickie Lee Jones creativity, therefore I bought the CD "Walk Across the Rooftops". When I first dropped it into the CD player I heard a strange rock beat with a conning male singer bouncing from one vocal range to another. It was not a trained voice, but very rough around the edges, yet emotional & very human. The next song "Tinseltown in the Rain" was very `POP', danceable with a straighter beat than the pervious song. "This is Folk? What was Rickie Lee Jones talking about?" After the initial shock & a few more listens, I extremely fell in love with this CD. This is one of those CD's that grows on you with each listen. The inner notes did not have the words of the songs, which maybe a good thing because it forces you to pay attention. The later songs `Seem' to question God: "From Rags to Riches" & "Easter Parade" & mere existence: "Stay" & "Heatwave". "From Rags to Riches" maybe about the Jewish exodus from Egypt to the promised land with references to `Joseph's colored coat' yet at the same time about modern life with its struggles of poverty & promises of riches. In some ways it's a prayer to God about what seems to be his broken promises yet seeing the glory or hope at the end of the journey. "Stay" could be the typical song about a person losing a relationship, yet it works at a deeper level, maybe because of the emotional skill of the main singer Paul Buchnan. "Easter Parade" is about a man who gets trapped on a street due to an Easter parade passing by. As the joy of the crowd plays on, he remembers his childhood going to church & reflecting the death of Christ. One of the most moving songs on the CD when he cries, "I know you..."   "Heatwave" returns to the `POP' mainstream beat & style, but the words about the hardships of humanity keep the song above the normal top 40 mayhem.    "Automobile Noise" is more of an experiment with sound effects within a rock beat creating a great ending song. There are hints of Thomas Dolby or maybe Pink Floyd through out this fantastic CD, yet holding on to their originality. Give it a spin...     