 Loving the movie "The Mask of Zorro" staring Catherine Zeta-Jones & the movie productions of Jane Austin novels (Pride & Prejudge, Sense & Sensibility, Emma...) this seem like the place to start British time period comedy sit-coms. We took a gamble; bought the whole 5 DVD set, & placed the first series in the DVD machine. On the HDTV screen came a short middle age British farmer with his rounded wife, followed by the young & beautiful Catherine Zeta-Jones with 5 other smaller children buying a washing machine what looked like the mid 1950's. They jumped into a large beat up truck (reminded me of the Beverly Hillbillies) with the kids in the back of the pick up & the parents in the front cab. The wife reveled that some woman was pregnant & as we followed the conversation (sometimes the British gets in the way) we guessed the wife was referring to the oldest daughter. Later a young, weak, & skinny tax collector came to the farm for back taxes, while the older farmer tried constantly to change the subject. What did we buy? Did we waste our money? No, once the characters came into focus, "Darling Buds of May" became "Perfik" (this is how Pa Larkin, the farmer, constantly says Perfect through out the series). This is a 1991 to 1993 British TV series adaptation from H.E. Bates books about the Larkins, a large growing family going through the fast social changes after World War 2 in the Kent farming area of England. At least in the TV series Pa Larkin (David Jason) is a lighthearted, woman chancing, hard drinking, con artist that never really means to hurt anyone. Ma Larkin (Pam Ferris) is his well-rounded laughable mistress (comes close to being his wife after 6 children) that holds down the farm. The oldest daughter Mariette (Catherine Zeta Jones), from a corruption of Marie Antoinette, the town beauty & flirt, marries the young & timid tax collector turned amateur egg farmer to beer brewer owner Charley (Philip Franks), who joins Pa Larkin to live under the socialist radar. Learn how to make money while not paying the government, make breakfast with katsup for every meal, drink fancy hard drinks & get over hang overs, & kiss the girls & tell. Travel to France in an old Yellow Rolls Royce & get mistaken for a Lord, or take a "Magic Mystery Tour" to a beat up Chateau. Invite this strange family into your house each night for a while by watching these well produced DVD's.     