 When I was a teenager I read a lot of novels & afterwards when I saw a Hollywood movie version of the same books, I was normally disappointed. Why were some of the greatest scenes & dialog missing? The movie "Nicholas & Alexandria" is a "Turning Tide" for many reasons... I saw the movie before reading the book by Robert K. Massie that it was based on, & thought the movie was great. The characters were very real, they where acted by professional Shakespeare & theater actors rather than the standard "Mega Personality" which always gets in the way of historical dramas. The scenes looked "Real" enough, photographed in Spain rather than Russia, but second thought, maybe I don't know what Russia "Should" look like. I was once trapped in the Moscow airport on my way to Kiev Ukraine, but at least I saw some Slavic lands. Returning to the film after a few years I was surprised to figure out that Rasputin was played by Tom Baker, the fourth Dr. Who, who indeed was a Benedict monk in his early 20's. Then I read the book by Robert K. Massie & a few history books... Everything fell a part; the best parts of history were missing or rearranged. Specially Rasputin's death; there was no dancing transvestite at Prince Yusupov's cellar, & Rusputin didn't crawl away from the room, but ran shouting "I will tell the Queen Alexandria on you" with the Prince firing several shots before hitting him. The Prince's friends did not hit Rusputin's body with chains after he was down, but the body was tied with ropes & lowered into an iced river. Believe it or not, Rusputin died from drowning rather than the poison & bullets. The shooting of the Tsar's family had more servants in the firing line & was more gruesome; several people survived the first volley & were chased around with bayonets. Prince Alexis was the last to die with two bullets in the head from a reloaded pistol. Several other bizarre yet important events that would of made great scenes are totally missing from the movie... Yet somehow the movie did "Flow" & if you wanted a historical drama rather than a movie it would last way too long like a Wagner opera. Reading some other reviews, the Tsar's family did speak mostly English, & both Nicholas & Alexandria had English & German relatives. Tsar Nicholas couldn't believe that "Cousin Willie" the German Kaiser, was going to war against him, & Alexandria was a carrier of hemophilia from Queen Victoria's blood line. Therefore to watch an enjoyable yet a historical wash over of the "Turning Tide" of Russia, this DVD will not let you down. Enjoy.     