 "The All Souls Orchestra" was founded in 1972 as a collection of Christian classical musicians from several professional orchestras including Glyndelebourne, BBC Concert, & BBC Symphony. In 1997 their conductor Noel Tredinnick suggested to "Iona" a collaboration to expand Iona's unique sound while promoting their shared faith. On May 29, 1999 at the Royal Festival Hall in London the 2 groups came together to celebrate Iona's 10th anniversary & to record this fine CD.  I have a very good professional stereo system that can reveal hidden sounds within a CD or LP. Therefore in most of the songs the orchestral is in the background & the strings intermix with the keyboards. The woodwinds & brass come out more in certain sections adding color & depth to the music. The CD's inner notes states that Iona was "careful in their arrangements to retain the essential atmosphere of Iona's sound, whilst giving scope for the orchestra to enhance & extend the music into previously unexplored territories." In one particular song "Lindisfarne" the orchestra creates a Mahler 1st symphony 1st movement nature effect that at first listen one doesn't know what Iona song is coming up. This song is the major highlight of the CD with the most expansion of 2 very talented groups giving meaning to the title of the CD "Woven Cord".  What is the Iona sound? In a past review I wrote the following:  ...the progressive sound of "Yes", the craftsmanship of "Happy the Man", the jazz & soul of "Van Morrison", the Irish Scottish gigs of "Silly Wizard", the beautiful haunting female voice of...well, not as strange as "Lisa Gerrard", maybe more like "Enya".  The progressive rock group "Yes" was very talented changing time & rhythm at will with abstract flowery poetry, but they were rather messy or burly at their playing ability. The progressive rock group "Happy the Man" had less poetry but had a tighter cleaner approach to their music. Iona takes the poetry of "Yes" but the songs are ancient mystical Christian ideals about God, the Saints, nature & life. Iona is as musicaly tight & clean as "Happy the Man" specially with the guitar & drums. I wish these two progressive groups would perform together. What a CD that would make.  "Van Morrison" is highly known for his intermix of Jazz & Rock while still containing his Celtic soul. At times Iona will break off into a Jazz mode while containing a Celtic Soul.  "Silly Wizard" is one of the best Irish Scottish folk bands playing at lighting speed. Iona is just as fast when they play a Irish Scottish jig yet at times convert the style into modern jazz rock.  Iona's main singer is Joanne Hogg. Her singing voice is not a dark as Lisa Gerrard, nor as light & airy as Enya, but all 3 women sing a soprano goose bumping mystical chant.  Hear songs about the spiritual mystical past that your Celtic forefathers were in communion with, woven with ancient & modern music of many styles.      