 Finding out about the "Blue Nile" maybe a hard thing to do. After reading a folk magazine article from Rickie Lee Jones explaining that the "Blue Nile" was one of her major influences I bought the highly original & poetic CD "Across the Rooftops". Later I found the single moody CD "Hats" & thought that this was it from this creative Scottish band.   When I started cruising around Amazon.com I discovered a later acoustic gospel CD "Peace at Last", which was not up to pare with the two pervious CD's yet contain what I feel is Paul Buchanan's greatest song "Family Life". I came close to tears on many of "Blue Nile" songs like "Easter Parade" & "From a Late Night Train", but "Family Life" had me crying for weeks. Then I misplaced the CD "Peace at Last" & torn the house apart looking for it. I returned to Amazon.com & found that "Peace at Last" was only offered at that time as an used product. I took a chance & was very pleased at the service received only to later find the lost "Peace at Last" in between the car seats. As I buying the 2nd "Peace at Last" I saw the "Blue Nile's" 4th CD after 8 years of silence "High". Reading all the pervious reviews, one asked us to listen to the Samples, which I did. Yes, all the songs seem to have a certain unified flow, yet I always wondered what would happen if the "Blue Nile" came out with a set of sad yet hopeful songs. This is the CD to get for that type of mood because there is only one real fast song "She Saw the World". Yet the Samples don't give justice to the whole CD & the songs do take on a character of their own with further listening. The acoustic work of "Peace at Last" is better intermixed with the back beat & electical work of "Hats" this time around. Another review writes about a web interview with Paul Buchanan on KCRW. The interview comes in both audio & video form lasting 39 minutes. In it Paul Buchanan explains about his leave & return to the music scene while playing several songs from "Across the Rooftops", "Hats", & "High". The highlight is the song "Because of Toledo" which comes in a sadder & acoustical form than on the CD. The 2nd listen will bring tears came to your eyes. "She Saw the World" is played with a clearer upbeat that drives the point home.  Thanks Paul & all in the "Blue Nile" for being one of the few musical groups to write songs of such profundity while using such simple & to the point words. What would happen if the words were more difficult? Would the flow of the songs be lost? Either way, don't be so long with the next CD.     