 The Dark is Rising sequence is a series about the continuing story of a young boy named Will Stanton (as well as 4 other youngsters: Bran, Jane, Simon and Barney) and his involvement in the struggle between the powers of Light and Dark, essentially good and evil. The battle between these forces, which Cooper employs as the central motif in her novels, is a timeless theme and the stories are positively enchanting. For example, in the "Grey King," Cooper provides a poem, similar to a riddle, which foreshadows themes and events throughout the novel and acts as an enigmatic guide for the reader, helping us follow the quest, which Will Stanton pursues. 	"On the day of the dead, when the year two dies, 	Must the youngest open the oldest hills 	Through the door of the birds, where the breeze breaks. 	There fire shall fly from the raven boy, 	And the silver eyes that see the wind, 	And the Light shall have the harp of gold..." The quest Will undertakes is reminiscent of the quest for the Holy Grail in Arthurian legend in which noble knights pursue an object of great power and symbolism. Indeed, the theme of Arthurian legend is one that Cooper elaborates upon in her books, and one that provides a mystical allure for young as well as older readers. I would make one recommendation for readers. It is apparent throughout each book in the series that events and characters have been previously introduced. Thus, in my opinion, to fully appreciate and understand the charming fantasy that Susan Cooper constructs it is worthwhile to read the novels in sequence. When a book is part of a series the reader has the benefit of learning in greater detail and depth about the characters. Personally, what I enjoy most about the novels are the battle between the forces of Light and Dark and the challenges that Will and the other protagonists have to overcome in the process of the quest. The fantasy that Cooper weaves encourages our imaginations to explore good and evil as well as people and places of different cultural backgrounds particularly in Wales. In addition, I enjoy Cooper's ability to breathe life into her characters and make them endearing to the readers. She makes us want Will to succeed in his quest. Her style is targeted for young adults and children, yet it captures so much charm that I highly recommend the series to readers of any age.     