 In her classic novel Frankenstein, Mary Shelley creates a fascinating, thoroughly engrossing story about a young scientist who gives life to an inanimate creature. Through their relationship, Shelley explores the pinnacle of human achievement and at the same time the depths of degradation.  It is difficult to precisely define the relationship between Frankenstein and the monster because Shelley presents the dynamic combination of a father to a son, a creator to a subject, a master to a slave and vice versa. Their relationship seems to evolve through time and through their associations with each other. Initially, when the monster confronts Frankenstein, we witness the creator/creation perspective. "Yet, you, my creator, detest and spurn me, thy creature, to whom thou art bound by ties only dissoluble by the annihilation of one of us. You purpose to kill me. How dare you sport thus with life?" In this exchange, the monster accuses Frankenstein of rejecting his own creation, but more importantly, he claims kinship with his creator, resolutely binding himself to Frankenstein and compelling Frankenstein to confront his own deeds and the consequences of his actions. It seems as though the monster is more aware of responsibility and devotion of one creature to another than the scientist. When the monster begins to describe his experiences with life, new sensations with nature, his fears and trepidation about associating with humans, his very survival against all odds, he takes on the role of a lost child. The relationship between Frankenstein and the monster resembles that of a father to a son, albeit a father who has neglected the parental responsibility to love, nurture and care for his offspring. The relationship even resembles that of a mother to a son, but in this context, it is Mary Shelley who is the creator of the monster through her incredible imagination. Shelley stirs our sentiments as readers, compelling us to feel for all the characters involved in this gruesome and powerfully moving story.     