 For the most part, I enjoyed the book. I enjoyed that Anita, for the first time, had to confront humans who possess significant skill and clout. I  enjoyed Anita's introspection regarding her relationship with the boys, for  instance, and her acknowledgement that she thought she was good in a gun  fight and was wrong. But I agree that Anita still resists embracing her  powers and this is disappointing to me. For instance, when she confronts  the zombie, she resorts to shooting at it before invoking her powers.  Sigh. The secrecy that Edward maintained throughout the book regarding  the crime got real old real fast. I could empathize with Anita's  frustration with him. I was also irritated with his choice for a romantic  interest, Donna. I don't mind the puncturing of his cold as steel persona  as much as I mind that Donna resembles a doormat too much for my taste. I  thought the characters of Lt. Marks and Special Agent Franklin were  useless. It's like watching an action movie and having the protagonist  inhibited by officials who are stereotypically suspicious, misogynistic,  bureaucratic, whatever. It may be realistic, but I still think it's a  weakness in the book. Another weakness is the writing. We need some  editing, people. I understand that Laurell is writing 1st person from  Anita's perspective and that long sentences can reveal a train-of-thought  approach, but please don't be afraid of a comma! Since I appreciate  recommendations from others regarding not to miss books, I'll offer my own  choices. For those interested in werewolves, I highly recommend Donna  Boyd's, "The Passion." Boyd reveals werewolves as overwhelmingly  sensual, highly intelligent, with an almost intolerable air of superiority  that is both insufferable and refreshing after the torment we constantly  witness from Richard in Laurell's books. Boyd's writing style is exquisite  and sophisticated. For light hearted, laugh out loud action/mystery, check  out Janet Evanovich's, "One for the Money," series starring  Stephanie Plum as a former lingerie buyer turned bounty hunter from hell.     