 Having read and (thoroughly) enjoyed all of the Anita Blake Vampire Hunter novels, I am convinced that Laurell K. Hamilton possesses a strong talent for writing and an imagination that is a force to be reckoned with. However, "Kiss of Shadows" is a disappointment partly because I know what Laurell is capable of producing and partly because it is so weak.  The characters and the character development are the primary elements that draw me into a book, and unfortunately, I did not connect with the heroine, Meredith Gentry. After much considering, I think there are several reasons I did not connect with her character. 1) Too much telling and not enough showing. What I mean is that I felt there wasn't enough dialogue in "Kiss of Shadows." Through dialogue, not only do I learn about the thoughts and feelings of the characters but it can be much more captivating than when the characters just tell you, in narrative form, what they think or feel. Speaking of dialogue, I noticed that some of Meredith's lines were exact duplicates from Anita. I think it shows a weak effort on the part of the author when they copy exact dialogue from one character to another. 2) Not enough background about Meredith. I find that nothing can help establish a connection more so than describing the past in some detail. Yes, she does include some flashbacks, but I always felt entrenched in the present rather than taken back to a time of Meredith's youth. 3) The sex in the book. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy the development of sexual tension and satisfaction in a novel. I enjoyed Meredith's emancipated attitude and behavior when it comes to sex. I don't even mind it so much when an author uses sex as a means for moving the plot along. I do mind it when the sex is so superficial, as I felt it was between Meredith and (fill in the blank).   The plot is another element that will sustain my interest. The plot in "Kiss of Shadows" is a weak one. The idea of Meredith fighting back against her aunt, the Queen of Air and Darkness, is very promising. However, there doesn't seem to be a grand confrontation, nor any surprises, nor any mysteries to figure out which is disappointing.  I enjoyed the opportunity to delve into a realm that blends fantasy, political scheming and confrontation (as when Merry lures the goblin into stealing a taste of her blood), sexual chemistry (between Galin and Merry), and the friendships between the characters. But overall, I did not feel satisfied or impressed or empowered after reading "Kiss of Shadows."     