 When I came upon this book in the book store, I was intrigued by the title and decided to buy it after browsing through a few chapters in the store.For most of my adult life I had believed that the bible was God's infallible word and that my particular sect of Christianity was the only one that had "The Truth".After researching both my own denomination and Christianity itself, I realized how ridiculous these beliefs were. Why was I attracted to these beliefs in the first place? How could an otherwise intelligent person believe such things? Why do people look for an absolute truth about God and the universe? Was I unique in being taken in by such beliefs?These were the things going through my mind when I found this book,and so I had to read it. I apologize for the long intro before my review , but I am hoping that others who are at a similar point in their lives might read this review and feel compelled to read this or similar books.  Michael shermer takes on a vast array of topics in this book.He takes on such topics as e.s.p.,near death experiences,alien abductions,witch hunts,Ayn Rand,creationism(my favorite section),holocaust deniers,and much more.  He writes in a style that is easy for the average reader to understand.It is truly amazing to read about some of the things that people convince themselves of,while looking for deeper or hidden meanings to life.One good aspect of the book is that you don't come away feeling like a fool for having believed similar things.In fact Shermer recounts the weird things that he,too has believed in,such as fundamentalist Christianity and objectivism.  My favorite part of the book is section 3,Evolution and Creationism.I had never read much about evolution and found it very interesting.Evolution, it turns out, is nothing like the crazy idea that my former religion and others would have their congregations believe.There certainly are disagreements among scientists about exactly how evolution occured, but not about whether or not it did happen.Of course it doesn't answer every question,but it is a great place to start,and by itself is worth the price of the book.Chapter 10, 25 Creationist Arguments,25 Evolutionist Answers was especially educational.  Chapter 3,How Thinking Goes Wrong-25 Fallacies that Lead Us To Believe Weird Things, was also very enlightening.Throughout the book you will encounter similar characteristics of cult-like thinking in what would at first seam to be very disparate groups. Even groups supposedly committed to rationalism can become cult-like, where the members abdicate their freedom of thought to the leader,who of course,has come to find the absolute truth.  Throughout the book you will see that people can be very,very good at defending the most ridiculous beliefs.The last chapter,Why Smart People Believe Weird Things is insightful on this subject. There are a few areas where I would disagree with the author, but he doesn,t claim to be God's spokesman or to have the absolute truth about every issue discussed.      