 It has been said that to understand western culture one must understand the bible.If so this is a great place to start.  In this volume Tim Callahan gives the reader a good overview of the likely sources for many of the myths and legends in the bible.Callahan examines biblical narratives and points out the inconsistencies,anachronisms,and earlier mythological motifs to determine whether specific tales should be taken literally,or were written with a particular religious or political agenda in mind, which is often the case.These stories are not literal history,but they can tell us a lot about the world view of those who wrote them.If the bible were to be taken literally we should be horrified at the god  it portrays.  *What earlier creation myths are the bible's myths based upon?  *Why are many bible stories told more than once,but in different or even contradictory settings?  *Was yahweh the only god worshipped in Israel?  *Was there perhaps a goddess that was worshipped?  *Did yahweh ask for and recieve human sacrifice?  *Was the story of Samson based on the mytholgical motif of a sun god?  *What do we really know about Jesus?  These and hundreds of other questions are examined as Callahan takes the reader on a tour of the bible .He cites numerous biblical scholars , while on occasion disagreeing with them.This is a great book to have as a reference .If I had one complaint it would be that the arguments are somewhat drawn out and the reading can at times be tedious.Some of the details of the arguments could have been put in the end notes.  In the beginning these bible writers created God.The editors of the bible editted God.These are their stories of a God with a completely different worldview and morality than we have today.If taken literally they condone mass murder,human sacrifice and many other atrocities.In the words of Mark Twain "With fine sarcasm we enoble God with the title of Father-yet we know quite well that we should hang his style of father wherever we might catch him." THESE STORIES ARE MYTHOLOGY.THEY ARE NOT REAL.This absolutely cannot be the compass by which we guide ourselves ethically or politically.     