 While director Jean-Jacques Annaud may have missed the mark in his attempt to commit onto film some of the depth of thought and insight displayed in Umberto Eco's book 'The Name of the Rose,' he did succeed in creating a highly atmospheric Medieval world perfectly self-contained in and around the confines of a decaying Catholic monastery located in northern Italy in the year of our Lord 1327.  Brother William of Baskerville (Sean Connery) and his young novice-in-training Adso (Christian Slater) have just arrived at the monastery to take part in an upcoming debate between important clergyman on the subject of poverty within the priesthood. What they find instead of communal love and harmony is death, murder and suspicious behavior which somehow seems connected to a mysterious library with no books.  As Brother William methodically untangles the clues to the mysterious deaths and the role of library in those deaths, you will become slowly but surely drawn into the gloomy, almost surreal atmosphere of the place. Combine with that its cast of unsavory, even grotesque monks and peasants you are in for a rather disturbing view of life in 14th century Europe.  Underscored by a brief but unforgetable love affair between the young novice Adso and the attractive peasant girl with no name, the viewer eventually discovers what really matters in the final analysis. It's love that is remembered when all is said and done.   'The Name of the Rose' consists of a great international cast, mostly of names and faces you've probably never seen or heard of before. Among the names you may know is F. Murray Abraham as Bernardo Gui and Ron Perlman as the delightfully grotesque Salvatore. And, not to forget the beautiful young girl alluded to in the title of the film, Valentina Vargas as the Rose.  Death, murder, intrique, young love, interspersed between rather lively debates on philosophy, religion, spirituality make for a rewarding evening of entertainment. If you're in the mood for a good 14th century murder mystery ala Sherlock Holmes this is the movie for you!     