 I have been a big fan of Australian movies since '71 when I first saw a very young aborigine named David Gulpilil in 'Walkabout' and have followed his film career ever since. He had a major role in one of my all-time favorite movies 'The Last Wave' in '79, made a very brief appearance at the beginning of 'The Right Stuff' in '83, a cameo in 'Crocodile Dundee' in '86, another cameo in 'Dead Heart' in '97 and then  landed another major role in '02 in the highly acclaimed 'Rabbit-Proof Fence.'  Oddly enough David's signature role was filmed in the same year as 'Rabbit-Proof Fence.' I'm talking about a movie that is totally unknown the the U.S.A. but was awarded the 'Best Film' award and 'Best Actor' award for David by the Australian Film Critics Circle. The film is 'The Tracker.'  This is one of my favorite movies about the Australian aborigines. The year is 1922 and David, known only as 'the Tracker' is guiding three white officials through the outback in search of another aborigine accused of killing a white women.  During the journey 'the Tracker' is forced to endure not only derogatory treatment from the 'the Fanatic' in charge (Gary Sweet) but must witness in silence the arbitary killing of innocent aborigines encountered along way. As tensions continue to build along 'the Tracker' quietly plans his revenge and in the end true justice, aboriginal justice is dealt out.  David Gulpilil dominates this film, he's absolutely amazing! Every expression, every gesture is filled with understanding, rage and humor. This is in every way his movie. Saying that, I also want to make mention of the wonderful supporting role played by Damon Gamean as 'the Follower.' His inner journey of personal transformation is extraordinary and a perfect counterbalance to David.  This film was both written and directed by Rolf De Heer. I'm not familiar with anything else he's done, but I'm certainly going to check into his previous credits. Another important element to this film was one of the most amazing soundtracks I've ever heard. The songs and music were composed by Graham Tardif and sung by Archie Roach. Unlike alot of soundtracks that are used only as background music to enhance the story, here they were an absolutely integral part of the movie. As the band of four traveled through the Outback the music and lyrics told the history and longing of the aboriginal people. I've never experienced anything more moving and emotional in a film.  My highest possible rating! A film to be bought and enjoyed over and over again!!     