 "Some people lose their faith because Heaven shows them too little - but how many lose their faith because Heaven shows them too much?" Such is the fate of Thomas Daggett (Elias Koteas) an aspiring candidate to the Catholic priesthood who receives a horrendous vision of the 'War in Heaven' at the very moment of his ordination. Unable to cleanse his memory of these ghastly images he forsakes his religious vows and becomes a police detective. Apparently he finds dealing with evil on a more personal, human level easier to handle.  Eventually Thomas' visions take on physical form and death and destruction soon follow. Angels begin appearing on Earth in search of a mysterious human "dark soul." Thomas becomes involved when the dead body of an angel* is discovered along with a copy of his seminary paper, "Thesis On Angels In Religious Scripture."  *[How do they know it's an angel you ask? By all the usual signs of course; empty eyesockets, cellular structure of a newborn, hermaphroditic and of course their hearts have been torn from their chests since that's the only way to kill an angel. 'Basic Angelology 101'].  Also found in the coat pocket of the dead angel is a second century, handwritten copy of "The Book of the Revelation" containing a previously unknown 23rd chapter. According to the text, there was a 'Second War in Heaven' and a whole new group of fallen angels were now at war with God, while at the same time unassociated with the forces of Lucifer. The most powerful of the newly fallen is the Archangel Gabriel (Christopher Walken).  Director Gregory Widen has brought an incredibly unique and genuinely inspired interpretation of angels to the screen which is unlike anything I could have ever imagined. Instead of focusing on their celestial, god-like attributes Widen has chosen to examine the creaturely aspects of these immortal beings. Like birds of prey they squat on rocks and fences, or when indoors on the back of chairs quietly observing their surroundings. They sniff at the air like beasts of the field and lick unsavory objects like dogs as they use their heightened senses of smell and taste to locate their prey. It may seem a profane characterization to some, but I found it absolutely fascinating.   It simply doesn't get any better than this. Tight, well conceived and inventive storyline with insightful dialogue and lots of great quotable lines like: "Are you saying we have a dead angel on ice", "Study your math - key to the universe", "Two Hell's is one Hell too many" and my personal favorite, "Leave a light on Thomas." Christopher Walken is absolutely magnificent as the heartless, unrelenting Archangel Gabriel and Viggo Mortensen is just as perfect in his portrayal of Lucifer who views this second rebellion as a threat to his own kingdom. Eric Stoltz gives a solid performance as the angel Simon and Elias Koteas could not have been better as Thomas the almost priest turned detective.  This is a fantastic film that was way ahead of its time! Some Orthodox material, some not, but it all works together perfectly. Marvelous directorial job by Gregory Widen who has literally redefined the angelic persona in cinema for generations to come. This is without a doubt primary reference material for any future filmmakers who might wish to delve into the same subject matter. For anyone fascinated with Angelology, 'The Prophecy' is a must see!      