 David Burton (Richard Chamberlain) is a well respected lawyer and family man living and practicing in Sydney, Australia. Of Occidental origin and Anglican faith, David has never been one overly concerned with the intangible, unexplainable mysteries of life. However his predictable, concrete world has recently been disrupted by a series of vivid and disturbing dreams that have called into question the very nature of reality. Unable to sleep for fear of more night visions he buries himself in his work.     His Stepfather, Reverend Burton (Frederick Parslow), notices the change in David's demeanor during a weekend visit with the family and questions his Stepson on the matter. David confides in him with the statement, "I'm having bad dreams." As a conversation ensues David is reminded of a series of repetitive nightmares he had as a child. He would awaken in the morning to tell his parents that taxicab drivers came to him in dreams and took him on long drives during the night. That's why he was always tired in the morning.  Despite the ongoing dreams and a serious lack of sleep life must go on. He is assigned his first homicide case, he is to defend a group of aborigines in what appears to be a tribal ritual murder. The night before he is to meet his new clients he is visited by a young aborigine in another vivid dream. The unidentified man is holding a triangular rock containing some cryptic carvings and symbols. He stretches out his arm towards David as though offering him the stone.  This dream unexpectedly and dramatically takes human form the next day when he meets Chris Lee (David Gulpilil), one of the murder suspects. Chris just happens to be the aborigine in his dream. David invites the young man to his home for dinner in an attempt to discover the truth not only about the murder case, but the meaning of dreams. When Chris arrives for dinner that evening he is not alone. He has brought Charlie (Nandjiwarra Amagula), an aborginal "clever man" or shaman (who earns a living in the city as a taxicab driver).  Thus is the beginning of a journey into a reality that Western Civilization has all but forgotten about. This is the "The Dreamtime" a separate but equally valid stream of consciousness existing alongside our waking world. David is soon to discover that his dreams are inexplicably connected to this archaic world and he is about to play an important role in either the continuation or destruction of both worlds.  In my estimation this is without question director Peter Weirs' signature film. He has captured on film something I wouldn't have thought possible, giving us a brief but illuminating firsthand glimpse into the very heart of aboriginal shamanism. The conversation concerning the 'nature of dreams' between David, Chris and Charlie is one of the most fascinating and mesmerizing mystical moments in cinematic history.   Richard Chamberlain is perfect in the role of David Burton. His ability to express his inner turmoil and fear of the unknown with the absolute minimal amount of dialogue or gesture attests to just how accomplished an actor he is. David Gulpilil (Walkabout, Crocodile Dundee & Rabbit-Proof Fence) is also the undisputed best choice for the part of Chris, providing a most striking contrast with Richard Chamberlain in both worldview and physical appearance.  However the real star of the film is Nandjiwarra Amagula. This of course is the ultimate in typecasting because Nandjiwarra is in fact an authentic aboriginal shaman. Truly a man of immense spiritual and physical magnetism, his mere presence on camera is capable of evoking the Dreamtime experience. If you have ever had the desire to pursue the shamanic path look deeply into the countenance of Nandjiwarra before you decide. Those eyes will tell you everything you need to know.     