 Crossroads have long held a special significance in occult lore. They are places where there's no North or South, no East or West. They are stillpoints in the fabric of time where "things happen." Things usually associated with the darkside of the spiritual spectrum. In otherwords, places to encounter the Devil.  Just such a crossroads happens to be the ultimate destination of Eugene Martone (Ralph Macchio) a young and gifted classical guitarist attending the Julliard School of the Arts. Though classically trained, Eugene is obsessed with the music of the legendary bluesman Robert Johnson. He is also quite familiar with the superstitious beliefs associated with the engimatic Johnson. Some say he sold his soul to the Devil at some unspecified Mississippi crossroads in return for musical talent. Eugene dismisses such tales as nothing more than urban legend. However one tale he doesn't dismiss is the belief that Robert Johnson had one more song that was never recorded. Eugene is determined to find that lost song.  In hopes of locating it Eugene enlists the help of Willie Brown (Joe Seneca), an old blues musician and probably the last living friend of Robert Johnson. Willie, now confined to a convalescent home in New York, promises to lead Eugene to the missing song if he helps him escape from the home and accompanies him back to Mississippi. Sneaking away at the first opportunity they spend the few dollars they have between them for tickets on a southbound bus. Thus the adventure begins.  As they walk and hitchhike their way across the rural southern landscape, Willie begins to teach Eugene the essentials that must be experienced firsthand by anyone aspiring to be a true bluesman, such as; the hardships of life on the road and the loss of first love (love interest played by Jami Gertz). However the most important lesson turns out to be one Eugene would have never suspected. It's the truth concerning the crossroads. The story of Robert Johnson selling his soul to the Devil at the crossroads turns out to be fact, not fiction. It also turns out to be true for poor old Willie Brown.  The real reason for Willie's desire to return to Mississippi is to attempt to win back his soul before it's too late. A feat that can only be accomplished with the help of Eugene and his guitar. Now Eugene must defeat the Devil's chosen guitarist Jack Butler (Steve Vai) in a musical challenge, or Willie and Eugene's souls will be lost forever.   This is one of those movies you can watch over and over again. Ralph Macchio gives a strong performance but the real stars are Joe Seneca and Steve Vai. The final competition between Macchio and Vai still gives me goosebumps everytime I watch it!     