 Shot in the Tuscan mountains of Spain, director Giovanni Veronesi has created a decidedly strange and rather quirky western which continually vacillates between wholesome family entertainment and dark, surreal Tarantinoesque depravity.  Famous gunfighter Johnny Lowen (Harvey Keitel) decides to hang-up his sixshooter and return to the home and family he left some twenty years ago. In his absence his wife has died and his son (Leonardo Pieracconi) has grown-up and is now the town Doctor. Doc is married to a beautiful Indian maiden, Pearl (Sandrine Holt) and has a young half-breed son, Jeremiah (Yudii Mercredi).  Retirement doesn't come easy for Johnny. Jack Sikora (David Bowie), another notorious and reportedly psycho outlaw is on his trail. Jack is determined to kill Johnny, thereby securing for himself the reputation of "fastest gun." Johnny's refusal to strap on his sixshooter angers Jack and his gang. They try to change his mind by taking their hostilities out on the townspeople. As the violence escalates it becomes clear that someone will have to face Sikora sooner or later. Who will it be?  A delightfully ecclectic and oddball supporting cast. There's Joshua (Jim van der Woude) the town fool who lives on Doc's roof, crowing like a rooster at sunrise and hooting like an owl through the night. Then there's the very sexy Mary (Alessia Marcuzzi), saloon owner and resident whore who delights the young Jeremiah with her outdoor showers.  However it's Jack Sikora and his seedy entourage that steal the show. There's Rastafarian (Kwame Kwei-Armah) and Albino (Stephan Jenn) two of the most unsavory individuals you'll ever lay your eyes on as Sikora's bodyguards, while Leathergirl (Michelle Gomez) photographs the nefarious deeds of their leader for posterity. Then of course there's David Bowie with his chronologically inappropriate sunglasses and peacock attire posing with delight after every killing.  Definitely not your standard run-of-the-mill western. Worth seeing and should stand up very well with repeat viewings.     