 'Chariots of Fire' is one of the most beautiful, poetic, inspiring, nostalgic and memorable films ever made. Sadly, it reminds us of a time when men understood there was something more important in this world than themselves. A time when such modern day concepts as compromise and personal gain had nothing to do with what was right and honorable.  The story takes place in the early years of the twentieth century leading up to the 1924 Olympics in Paris. The storyline revolves around two young men from Great Britian, Eric Liddell (Ian Charleson) and Harold Abrahams (Ben Cross). Both share their love for running in common, but the reasons why they run are quite different.  Eric Liddell is a Scot and a devout Christian missionary from a missionary family. He has no personal ambitions nor desire for fame and glory, at least not for himself. He races because he feels "God's pleasure" when he is running. He believes that he is honoring God in his performance and hopes to win in Paris to show the world what you can accomplish if you have faith.  For Harold Abrahams it's a more personal issue. Born in England of Jewish immigrants, he runs to bring honor to his family and heritage. He believes he has been marginalized by English society because of his semitic background and hopes to overcome this feeling of inferiority by becoming the fastest runner in the world. Only then will he feel he truly belongs.  Two rivals with two very different reasons for pushing themselves towards their ultimate goal, an Olympic gold metal. The lessons they learn while competing on and off the race track become invaluable lessons in life as well.  'Chariots of Fire' is one of my all-time top ten films. An absolutely flawless production that takes you back to a simpler, more innocent time and place that now exists only in the memories of the very old who were fortunate enough to experience it for themselves. The music of Vangelis' provides the perfect compliment to this Academy Award winning movie.     