 Do you remember when the NHL (National Hockey League) should've been called the CHL (Canadian Hockey League), or when the U.S.S.R. was known as the C.C.P.? If you're reading this review you probably do. Those were the good old days!  When you talk about the "Summit Series" you are talking about the "Golden Age of Hockey" when two world dynasties divided the ice between two warring idealogies and playing styles. Canada ruled the Western Hemisphere while Russia dominated the Eastern World. The only problem was that because of the existing guidelines governing international competition they weren't allowed to play each other. Professionals (i.e.: the NHL players) weren't allowed to participate in international events because they were designated for amateurs only.  Conversely, the Soviet team, who where also military personal, were allowed to maintain their amateur status. The argument being they were paid for being soldiers, not hockey players (POLITICS!).  In 1972 when Russia agreed to face Canada on the ice in an eight game series, four in each country, the sports world came to a standstill. The Soviets were determined to prove that their reputation as the best in the world was deserved, while the Canadians believed that their day of redemption was close at hand.  Remember, it was the time of the "Cold War" and Russia was the enemy. There was nothing nice about these athletic confrontations, both sides truly hated each other. And why shouldn't they? Both teams were the best in the world, but that was all they had in common. When they played each game became the microcosm for our world in conflict. It was East versus West, Communism versus Capitalism, God versus Satan. To win was more than just a matter of retaining National Pride, it was a justification for a way of life.    This 4 disc set is for the hardcore fan who loves "Old School" hockey. Be forewarned, the eight game series presented on these DVD's are exactly what was televised across Canada in '72. If your old enough to remember that long ago you know how poor the viewing quality was back then. Just remember it's not necessarily quality of picture you're after here, it's history, hockey history! When you hear those famous words, "HENDERSON SCORES !!!" you'll finally understand what it was all about.  The Summit Series was a once in a lifetime event never to be repeated and probably the only opportunity you'll ever have to see some of the legendary Soviet players like Valeri Kharlamov and Vladislav Tretiak who were never allowed to leave Russia and play in the NHL. Buy this DVD set while you still can.  More than just a game, it was a time when Hockey was Religion!      