 The Story of the Kumbh Mela in Hindu Mythology: Long ago the Devas (Gods) and Asuras (Demons) were fighting over a pot (Kumbh) containing the "Nectar of Immortality." Indra grabbed the pot and raced for the heavens as the demons pursued not far behind in an epic chase that lasted for twelve days. To the Gods one day is equal to one year. Thus was born the Pot Festival, the Kumbh Mela, celebrated every twelve years to commerate Indra's heroic deed.  No one seems to know for sure exactly how long this festival has been celebrated. Some sources say the Kumbh Mela has an unbroken history going back to 200 B.C. while others push the date back as far as 500 B.C. Whatever the case one thing is certain, it's the longest running religious festival in history. The most recent addition of the festival occurred in 2001 and an estimated crowd of over 70 million pilgrims attended making this event the largest gathering of mankind in the history of the world!  Considering the immense history and the staggering logistics involved in attempting to encapsulate the heart and soul of such an event into one film, the filmmakers certainly faced an absolutely mind-boggling task. Yet somehow, someway Maurizio Benazzo and Nick Day have accomplished the impossible with the release of their masterpiece, 'Short Cut to Nirvana!'  There is so much going on in this film that it's difficult to decide where to begin and what to focus on. Witnessing such an incredible mass of humanity gathered in one place at one time is enough to take your breath away. However don't become too absorbed in the exotic landscape or you'll miss out on a wealth of wonderful information provided by the commentary and numerous interviews interspersed throughout, making this documentary as fascinating intellectually as it is spiritually and emotionally.    Pure and simple, this is the best documentary on spirituality I have ever seen! There are no visible flaws in this production; cinematography, storyline and soundtrack all come together to provide the ultimate viewing experience of the Kumbh Mela. The only thing better would to actually be there.  This is a film that demands repeat viewings to fully absorb and appreciate the immensity and profound impact of the Kumbh Mela. However in the final analysis you will discover that human words and emotions are inadequate in describing what is seen, heard and felt during this magnificent production so lovingly provided by Benazzo and Day. You will find yourself reduced to one simple statement to be echoed along with the vast multitude of devotees gathered along the banks of the Ganges for a ritual bathing, the highlight of the festival. "Hail Holy Mother Ganga!"     