 William Peter Blatty did it all his way in 'The Exorcist III.' Based on his novel 'Legion' Peter produced, directed and adapted the screenplay. An amazing undertaking and it paid off. In the third edition of 'The Exorcist' saga Pazuzu and his Legion of demons have returned to reek havoc in Georgetown, Washington once again. This time with the help of the spirit of the recently executed Gemini Killer (Brad Dourif). Angry over there expulsion from little Reagan in the first film, the demonic forces decide to possess Father Karras (Jason Miller) at the moment of his death. His body re-animates and poor Karras is trapped inside with a host of demons and the serial killer.    Soon a series of grotesque murders begin to take place and police Lt. Kinderman (George C. Scott) is put on the case. At first they appear to be copycat killings based on murders committed fifteen years earlier. However the overtly satanic nature of these crimes soon point to forces beyond the human realm.   Oddly enough Lt. Kinderman just happened to be a close friend of the supposedly deceased Father Karras. Eventually the ghastly trail of clues lead to a psychiatric ward at a local hospital and it is there that Kinderman comes face to face with the demonically possessed killer. Imagine his surprise when he looks into the face of his old friend Father Karras.  [Note: This probably sounds a little confusing, so let me clarify. Since Father Karras is possessed by the spirit of the Gemini Killer you have two people playing the same role (Miller and Dourif). When the serial killer is speaking Dourif is on-screen, when the Father is speaking you see Jason Miller].  A little slow but stay with it, the dialogue between the demonically possessed Brad Dourif and George C. Scott is fantastic. This film really belongs to Brad Dourif, he literally turns 'The Exorcist III' into a one-man-show. Really one of the greatest performances I've ever seen.   Formidable cast with an intelligent script make 'The Exorcist III' a must see!     