 'The Quiet American' is a hauntingly tragic and beautifully told tale offering a glimpse of what was once the exotic 'Pearl of the Orient,' Vietnam prior to the death and devastation of the war-torn '60's. The opening sequence of Saigon at night draws the viewer into its flickering lights and surreal landscape and doesn't release you until the very end when we once again return to the same harbor setting leaving the beleaguered country to its inevitable fate.  The year is 1952 and France is the colonial power battling the Chinese Communist for control of the country. For the most part the fighting is taking place in remote villages so life in the city goes on as though nothing is wrong. Thomas Fowler (Michael Caine) is a married, middle-aged British correspondent living in Saigon with a lovely young Vietnamese girl named Phuong (Do Thi Hai Yen). While they both have feelings for each other their relationship appears doomed to failure because Thomas' wife back in England refuses to grant him a divorce. The life and feelings shared betweem Thomas and Phuong can only be temporal in nature as the possiblity of being recalled back to London by his employer looms forever on the horizon.    However things soon change with a sudden arrival of Alden Pyle (Brendan Fraser) a young American who falls in love with Phuong and wishes to marry her and take her back to the states.  Their love triangle allegorically tells the story of Vietnam in microcosm. Phuong is Vietnam, fragile, lovely and without hope. Thomas (Europe) longs to possess her, but offers no hope for a brighter and secure future. Alden (America) seems to be her one hope for a long and happy life if she could only escape to the U.S.A. Alas, first impressions and heartfelt promises are not always what they seem to be. Alden has alterative motives in Vietnam that jeporadize not only his life but Phuong's hope of a new life.    Michael Caine is brilliant as the self-absorbed Englishman who finally comes to grips with reality and realizes "sooner or later one has to take sides if one is to remain human" and Do Thi Hai Yen is an absolute dream as the enchanting Phoung. Also wonderful performances by Brendan Fraser and Tz Ma as Hinh.     