 Note: Hindi with English subtitles.  An honest, poignant tale set in Pakistan just prior to the 1947 partition of Pakistan from India. Puro (Urmila Matondkar), a young Hindi girl is kidnapped shortly before her wedding by Rashid (Manoj Bajpai) a Muslim man from a neighboring village. The kidnapping is in retaliation of a wrong commited some years earlier.  In spite of the grief felt by Puro's family the Father refuses to go to the authorities and fight for her release. After all she is only a daughter, the cost of paying for help from a corrupt police force simply wasn't worth the money and the trouble it would cause between himself and the authorities as well as the local Hindu and Muslim communities. Thus Puro is left to make the best of it.  The hardships and disappointments suffered by Puro in her new life and marriage to Rashid become a micocosm of the larger problems facing the diverse community-at-large comprised of Hindus, Muslims and Sikhs. Problems that eventually lead to the partition of Pakistan which will forever end any chance Puro has to return to her family and the man she was supposed to wed.  In a surprising turn of events one final opportunity to return to her family presents itself through the generosity of Rashid and Puro must decide for herself where she truly belongs.  In recent years India has begun to produce some marvelous films. 'Pinjar' is not only one of the best, but it's also quite unique in its directorial approach. While there is music and dancing as in all Indian films it's much more melancholy in nature, reflecting the hopelessness and turmoil of the times. Also unlike most Bollywood films there is no mixing of genres, no moving back and forth between drama and comedy, between tears and slapstick. There is no diversion from the storyline, no relief from the harsh, heartbreaking reality unfolding before your eyes.  A near flawless production! Magnificent cinematography, haunting soundtrack and superb acting. Urmila Matondkar proves herself to be not only beautiful to look at but an incredibly gifted actress. Also brilliant performance by Manoj Bajpai            