 Carl Gustav Jung, the Swiss doctor and psychoanalyst is without a doubt one of the most influental figures of the twentieth century. While his influence may not be easily discerned by the populace at large, his ideas and concepts have become pervasive nonetheless. He is the man who gave us such concepts as: synchronicity, archetypes and the collective unconscious.  The genius of the man was not that he came up with anything new, in fact exactly the opposite is true. He examined the intuitive knowledge of antiquity and the few 'primitive' cultures that still practiced the 'old ways' and simply translated that knowledge into modern day terminology. In other words, he brought ancient occultic concepts and beliefs into the modern world. Thanks to the advent of 'Jungian Psychology' the interior landscape of dreams and visions once again became valid, acceptable fields of study after centuries of ridicule and disbelief.   For those who wish to rebel against what I just said, please read his writings first before you cast your stones in my direction. Jung himself acknowledged this fact. He referred to himself as the old witchdoctor and when he talked about the shamanic inclination he answered affirmatively, "I have that inclination."  It's unfortunate that we don't have film of Jung earlier in life. What is presented in this documentary is primarily interviews with those who knew or worked with Jung and those individuals interviewed such as Marie-Louise Von Franz, Laurens Van Der Post and Aniela Jaffe are quite old as they search their memories to give us a glimpse into the persona of the great psychoanalysist.  Be that as it may, this is a wonderful DVD and a must for those devotees of Carl Jung. There is a great deal of insight into the person of Jung provided by those who knew and loved him the most. When you listen to these interviews notice the numerous accounts that attest to uncanny insight or foreknowledge exhibited by the mysterious Dr. Jung. Something more was going on than just insight. There is also footage of a wonderful interview with him late in life that allows you to experience the man firsthand. That alone makes this DVD documentary a worthwhile purchase.     