 Timothy Leary, one of the great icons of the sixties and supposedly one of the great thinkers of the transitional generation fails to live up to his reputation in this documentary. Sometimes legends should be left alone in that 'mythic realm' where everything is believed but nothing is known for sure. Unfortunately this documentary exposed the frailty and weakness of Leary for all to see. As they say, "Pride comes before the fall."  The man who exhorted a generation to "turn on, tune in, and drop out" was in the end unable to follow his own advice. The sixties was all about expanded consciousness and the realization that we were more than just the physical body. It was about acknowledging that "all was one" and our essence would continue long after our death. Leary had forgotten the message.  What a sad and pathetic documentary. To see Leary in his final years still ranting and raving about injustices and on-going government surveilance that existed only in his mind was depressing. He truly believed the Republicans and the military establishment was still watching him and concerned with his subversive activities. The idea that this old mans was still a priority of the federal government was ridiculous. What made it even worse was his cocky smile and attitude about things indicated to the viewer that he really knew what was going on when nobody else did. Still the self-aborbed ego-maniac til the very end.   Here's a man who ultimately didn't trust the generation which he had tutored to fulfill the promise of a new future. For him it was absolutely necessary for his return to make things right. As the documentary records his last moments as he loses his fight with cancer in '95 the all to graphic horror of seeing his head cut off and placed on ice to be prepared for cryogenic storage was an abomination.  What we have here is the story of a man who lost his way and had become re-immersed in his own ego. I believe even his longtime friend and Harvard colleague Richard Alpert (Ram Dass) realized the truth, but wouldn't state it in his brief appearance in this documentary. He would only smile politely and say, "That's Tim."        