 Note: Italian with English subtitles.  This is an incredibly sad and poignant film about the despicable treatment levied by an insensitive community on a World War II wife (Monica Bellucci) left alone to fend for herself while her husband is away serving in the Italian Army. It's rumored that he has died in battle but no one knows for sure, not even Malena. It soon becomes assumed by all that she is now a widow and available.  By far the most beautiful and sexually desirable woman in town, the entire community virtually comes to a standstill whenever Malena walks by. The men make little to no attempt to hide their lust as they undress her with their eyes, while the women of the community stare at her just as fiercely for being what they could never be.   Men of influence and wealth are ready and willing to take advantage of the situation. Under the pretense of kindness and generosity they offer their services all the while seeking only to satisfy their carnal desires with her feminine charms. Refusing their sexual advances only makes matters worse for no matter what the truth may be she is unfairly branded a whore and a husband stealer.  While she continues on with her daily routines she silently suffers through all the slander and abuse heaped on by the town. Only one young teenage boy seems to see the sad truth of the situation but he can only watch and quietly deal with his own lustful desires for Malena.  Just as Malena is about to reach her breaking point the German Army occupies the town. Having been rejected for so long by her community she turns to the enemy for acceptance and comfort. This of course only serves to fan the flames of hatred towards her. When the soldiers are finally forced to retreat a final confrontation between Malena and the townspeople is inevitable.  Monica Bellucci is stunning in the role of Malena. Her silent, long-suffering portrayal is heartbreaking. This is pure speculation on my part, but I wouldn't be at all surprised to discover she was picked for the part of Mary Magdalene in Mel Gibson's "The Passion" based on this performance.  Don't buy the - Region 1 - release which has been horribly truncated into 92 minutes. This 2 disc - All Region - "Director's Cut" - release from Korea is the one you want to purchase. It's 108 minutes in length, giving you an additional 16 minutes to enjoy the beautiful Monica Bellucci! "Viva Le Difference!"     