 Does the mind consist of nothing more than an endless series of electrical impulses traveling at high speed from synapse to synapse? If it's only circuitry then where do our memories reside?  What if a non-material world exists within each one of us. A world of our own making comprised of every though, every emotion, every experience encountered in the outside physical world. And if such an interior landscape does exist would it be possible for others to enter into that space and interact within the environment in the same way we do in the collective, outside world?   Such is the premise of director Tarsem Singh's psychological thriller, 'The Cell.' Jennifer Lopez plays the part of Catherine Deane, a child psychologist working in a new, highly experimental field of study designed to allow the mind of the therapist to psychically link with the mind of the patient, thereby allowing the therapist to enter into their interior world in an attempt to facilitate a cure to their problem from the inside out.  This highly dubious practice is about to face its biggest and most dangerous challenge when Carl Stargher (Vincent D'Onofrio), a schizophrenic serial killer is brought to the research center in a comatose state. Just moments before his captured by FBI agent Peter Novak (Vince Vaughn) Stargher suffered a rare psychotic breakdown making him unreachable by any known medicial procedure. To complicate matters, it's believed that a recently missing young girl is his latest victim. Evidence seems to indicate that she is still alive, but they only have 48 hours to find her before it's too late.   Will Catherine agree to enter into the depraved mind of this serial killer in an attempt to discover the location of the missing girl? And if she does what psychic dangers await in Stargher's perverted kingdom where his ego reigns supreme?  'The Cell' is a lush, lavish production creating an interior world that is absolutely mesmerizing. unfortunately the rest of the production doesn't quite match the visuals. All and all an enjoyable watch and because of the intense subject matter it's sure to draw a large cult following.     