 Be forewarned those who may be driving in the desert at night on some dark, deserted piece of highway. Stop for hitchhikers at your own risk. Also avoid the urge of trying to be too helpful to fellow motorist stranded along the way. Remember things are not always what they appear to be.   This was quite a well-constructed, coherent storyline from beginning to end. You are never left in the dark with this plot. Everything is explained at the appropriate time, the history of this particular vampire sect, how they happened to show up in Midwest America, how the vampire virius works in the body, its telepathic properties and what must be done to cure yourself from the curse of "The Forsaken." All this infomation was nicely worked into the script in such a way as not to bog down the viewer with too much substance, hence detracting from what the average movie fan is looking for, gore and violence.  A brief comment for any young girls who may get struck watching this with a boyfriend. While you may not enjoy the horror elements in the movie you might enjoy the male members of the cast which includes; Brendan Fehr (Roswell), Kerr Smith (Dawson's Creek, Final Destination) and Johnathon Schaech (That Thing You Do) as the head vampire.  Brendan Fehr was terrific as the young, wise beyond his years vampire hunter roaming the highways and byways in search of the vampire that infected him with the virius. My favorite scene in the movie is when Nick (Brendan Fehr) and Sean (Kerr Smith) stop at a roadside diner for a bite to eat. A two-way conversation quickly turns into a monologue when Nick begins to compare the aspirations and hopes of his generation with those of the last. It's not only hilarious, but absolutely true. Without giving away too much of the ending, I'll just say a perfect opening was provided for a sequel. While I'm not generally a fan of sequels, I would've liked to see Brendan Fehr reprise his role of vampire hunter at least one more time.  Simply the most enjoyable vampire film since "The Lost Boys."      