 Angela is attending her high school graduation party. While the others are inside dancing and enjoying themselves she sits alone outside drawing. With a world of possibilities awaiting she is saddened by the fact that she is scheduled to start a new job in the morning. Angela longs for adventure and wants to leave Belgium and see the world. A talented young artist, she expresses her inner desires and fantasies in her notebook in comic book format.     Eventually awakening from her revere, Angela joins the other guests and winds up spending the evening with an attractive male Asian from Japan hired as the DJ for the festivities. She shares her longing to travel with him and he suggests Tokyo as a good place to start her adventure. He gives her the name and address of a upscale gentleman's club where she could work as a hostess.  She takes him up on the offer and so her adventure begins. Unfortunately once there she discovers what it's like to be a stranger in a strange land. Finding herself at the mercy of wealthy, powerful men and in competition with aggressive young girls out to earn a living she withdraws further into her fantasy comic book drawings. When Angela learns a girl from the gentleman's club is missing she decides to solve the mystery, making herself the hero and detail the account in her drawings.      'The Stratosphere Girl' is a European film, thus having that recognizable foreign film flavor, stylish and a little slow. However it's in English so if you don't like reading subtitles that's a plus.  If you give this film your full attention it will slowly but surely draw you into its anime inspired Asian-fusion landscape. The sharp, artsy cinematography, creative storyline, smart, insightful dialogue and incredibly beautiful newcomer in the role of Angela (Chloe Winkel) makes for a wonderful viewing experience. I certainly hope Chloe Winkel appears in more films in the future. The one thing I'm not sure of is how well this movie will stand up to repeat viewings. Since I've only watched it once so far I guess that is yet to be determined.     