 I had such high hopes for this movie. Warner Brothers had assembled some of my favorite actors and actresses to star in this biographical epic, Val Kilmer, Anthony Hopkins, Angelina Jolie, Jonathan Rhys-Meyers, not to mention my growing fondness for Rosario Dawson, Colin Farrell and Jared Leto. Add to that the fact that Oliver Stone was the director really peaked my interest. You see, I'm a big fan of Oliver Stones' work in 'The Doors' film and I was hoping he would develop the storyline of 'Alexander' along the same mystical, shamanic stream as he did with Jim Morrison. He didn't.  What fascinates me the most about the larger-than-life figure of Alexander the Great was not his great victories in battle, nor his political genius as demonstrated in the consolidation of nations under Greek rule. The Alexander I had hoped to see explored by Oliver Stone was Alexander the 'Divine.' I wanted to witness his triumphful entry into Alexandria and Cairo to the cheering throngs proclaiming him the "Sun God." I longed to enter into the inner recesses of the great pyramid of Cheops with him for his nocturnal vigil in the 'Kings' Chamber' and explore the visions and revelations that unfolded on that historic night.  Incredibly none of this was included, his campaign in Egypt received only a brief mention by Anthony Hopkins as part of an intermitent narration of events provided by the director to fill in the blanks. That's some blank as far as I'm concerned! The only mystical aspects included was the occasional appearance of an eagle flying overhead, leading him forward to new lands and new people and it's visit to his Mother in the end announcing his death.     We all have our own subjective expectations, this one didn't meet mine. That said, I must admit that I'm probably rating this film - One Star - lower than it actually deserves. I think I'm judging it more by what I wanted to see included and wasn't, than commenting on what was actually in the film. Be that as it may, I guess that's the reviewers perogative.  The final and ultimate test for any movie is the 'repeatability factor.' Can I watch it over and over again? With 'Alexander' the answer is unfortunately NO.     