 Note: Mandarian Chinese with English subtitles.  This is a really sweet, tender tale of two strangers, Li Xiao Jun (Leon Lai) and Li Ciao (Maggie Cheung) from mainland China who have recently arrived in Hong Kong in search of a better life. They meet at a McDonald's Restaurant and their mutual attraction is subdued, but immediate. They soon become good friends, comrades as you would say on the mainland and become inseparable. However Li Xiao has a fiancee back home and is unable to express his true feelings towards Li Ciao. Conversely Li Ciao is also falling in love with Li Xiao but tries to ignore the yearnings of her heart because he doesn't appear to be as motivated towards wealth and success as she is.  And so they play the game of being comrades. As they strive towards their individual goals the emotional tie between them strengthens. Soon they are working together, relaxing together and sleeping together, all the while acknowledging nothing more than a deepening bond of friendship. Some of their tenderest moments together are spent listening to the records of Teresa Teng, a popular female singer from the mainland. The beautiful voice and melancholy ballads of the Chinese popstar seem to express in musical form their unspoken feelings of love.       Unable to take their relationship to the next level, they part company. Li Xiao sends for his fiancee and is soon married. Soon after Li Ciao also marries and moves with her new husband to New York.  However as the years slowly pass they both grow increasingly unhappy with their romantic choices and long to be together again. Li Xiao eventually divorces and Li Ciao's husband is killed, victim of a street mugging. Will the two be able to find each other again after ten years apart? In an unexpected turn of events it's the music of Teresa Teng that reunites the two once again.   You couldn't ask for two more charming, attractive people than Leon Lai and Maggie Cheung. The chemistry between them is amazing. The subtitles move quickly and because of their placement on the screen they're at times difficult to read. However this is a love story not to be missed, so if you have to hit the backup button a couple of times to catch want they're saying do it. It's well worth the effort.     