 "You, they know about you." This may be the most chilling line of dialogue ever delivered on film. It is the pivotal moment in the movie, the moment of realization that not everything we see is real. Whether we want to belief it or not, forces exist in the universe that we dismiss or ignore at our own peril.  Such is the moment of truth for Jean-Charles Pommier (Pierce Brosnan), a sophisticated, well respected anthropologist newly arrived in Los Angeles and about to embark on a new phase in his career as a professor of Cultural Anthropology at UCLA. After years of living in some of the most remote regions of the world studying the spiritual beliefs and customs of nomadic cultures, Jean-Charles is reluctant but willing to leave the  spiritual cosmos of the 'primitive' for a better life with his wife in sunny California.  He soon discovers that things are no different in the urban sprawl of a major city than they are anywhere else. The very first day in their new home Pommier encounters a troublesome, unruly band of misfits driving around the neighborhood in a black van. Curious about their anti-social behavior he follows them about Westwood secretly taking notes and photos of their activities. His findings are unexpected and earthshattering. They are Nomads (hostile, wandering spirits),  and his interest in them has now turned their attention in his direction. The hunter has become the hunted and poor Jean-Charles must attempt to flee from the Nomads before it's too late.  Wonderful performances abound in this film. Pierce Brosnan and Lesley-Anne Down (as Dr. Eileen Flax) are at their best in the lead roles, but it is the supporting cast that really takes this film to a higher level. Anna Maria Monticelli is absolutely beautiful as Pommiers' loving, vulernable wife while Jeannie Elias supplies a Streisandesque burst of energy and a little comic relief as the hardnosed, agnostic best friend of Dr. Flax. Frances Bay who delivers that crucial line of dialogue at the beginning of this review has a small but significant role that she plays to eerie perfection.  There are also amazing performances to be found by those in the role of the Nomads. They don't speak a word yet have the uncanny ability to create the most disquieting, otherworldly atmosphere with nothing more than a facial expression or gesture. They're absolutely mesmerizing. Adam Ant as "Number One", Mary Woronov as "Dancing Mary" and Hector Mercado as "Ponytail" are unforgetable.  Every movie fan knows that the soundtrack plays a major role in the success or failure of a film to create the appropriate mood, or elicit the desired emotional response from the audience. In 'Nomads' Bill Conti and Ted Nuggent have provided the perfect accompaniment, successfully capturing the angry, restless nature of these hostile entities in their hard-driving, discordant rhythms. Like an incessant, demonic heartbeat the thundering music and lyrics of Ted Nuggent coupled with the etheral, exotic sounds of Bill Conti envelope the viewer drawing them into the savage, archaic Underworld of the Nomads.   Departing from the usual action/adventure features he's so well known for, director John McTiernan delivers a stunning masterpiece of psychological, supernatural terror. Nomads is as near perfect as a movie could be. However I will admit if you're not familiar with the subject of territorial spirits or shamanic transference it might be difficult to follow. Without question, "Nomads" is my all-time favorite film!     