 Based on a John Masters novel, Merchant Ivory Films brings to the screen a true and deeply disturbing tale of dark spirituality from exotic India, circa 1825.   Pierce Brosnan plays the part of William Savage (a rather interesting choice for a last name considering the subject matter of this film), a British Captain who accidently uncovers the existence of a sinister cult of assassins dedicated to the service and worship of the bloodthirsty Goddess Kali. They are the "Thugee", meaning 'deceivers' and they wander the mainroads disguised as holy pilgrims or jewel carriers. They befriend unwary travellers encountered along the way and quickly earn their trust, all the while intending to rob and kill them when night falls.  Unable to gain the support of his superior officers to help stamp out the robberies and ritualistic murders being carried out by this evil cult, Captain Savage decides to try and expose the Thugee cult by becoming one of them. He disguises himself as Gopal, a local villager who mysteriously disappeared some months earlier. This is an identity that he has taken once before. Gopal's wife has been plagued with re-occurring dreams of her husband's death since his absence and she now considers herself a widow. As was the custom of the time, she had decided to proceed with the ceremony of sati, self-immolation on a funeral pyre. Captain Savage had been successful in his brief masquerade as Gopal, fooling the distraught woman well enough to bring about a temporary postponement in her impending death. But would this same disguise work with the Thugee?    The disguise works and soon he is drawn into the inner circle of the Thugee. Initially utilized as a gravedigger, he is forced to passively observe the horrific ritual murders carried out by the assassins. However, in time his desire to destroy them is slowly but surely overshadowed by an evergrowing fascination with their ways and the black Goddess. He receives instruction in the strangulation methods used by the sect and is soon proficient in the process. Though he has yet to kill, it seems only a matter of time before he does.  The moment of truth is fast approaching. Gopal/Captain Savage is warned by Hussein, a fellow deceiver and the only one who knows his true identity, not to take part in an upcoming Thugee dedication ceremony to Kali. A form of communion will be taken amongst the believers distributed by a Priest of of the Goddess. It's just a small cube of sugar called the "sweetness of Kali", but it has been consecrated to the Goddess. To eat of "the sweetness" is to belong forever to Her. Convinced that his God is more powerful than this primitive Hindu deity he doesn't heed Hussein's warning and partakes of Kali's gift as the Priest recites, "You are Hers, She is Yours."  The ceremony turns out to be more powerful than anticipated. The spirit of Kali has now completely overshadowed the once honorable Captain and before long he strangles his first unsuspecting victim.  What an amazing depiction of psycho-spiritual transformation and the inherent dangers of tampering with ancient and powerful occult forces. The total interior devastation wrought upon Captain Savage is absolutely heartbreaking. You can almost sense the presence of Kali joyfully dancing in the unholy flames of the "burning ground" at the conclusion. She is truly the Goddess of Destruction. This film is all the more disquieting knowing it was based on a true account.  Filmed in India, the cinematography artfully and faithfully captures the time period and locations in this exotic tale of exploration into the darker corners of Hindu spirituality. Wonderful performances by all, especially Pierce Brosnan, Saeed Jaffrey (Hussein) and Neena Gupta (the widow).        