 Nick Falzone (John Cusack) is at the top of his profession, the number one air traffic controller servicing one of the busiest airports in the U.S.A. Nicknamed "the zone" he is the epitomy of focus and control. This need to be the best is not restricted to the control tower, but permeates every aspect of his life. At first it appears that Nick is the master of his own destiny, unbeatable in everything he puts his mind to. That is until a fellow employee breaks down on the job and Russell Bell (Billy Bob Thornton) is hired to replace him.  Russell may be new to this particular airport, but he has a reputatiion amongst fellow air traffic controllers that has reached almost 'urban legend' proportions. Known as a maverick, a headcase, a lunatic, but also a brilliant air traffic controller, rumor has it that Russell was fired from his last job for laying on a runway in front of an oncoming 747. Whether truth or fable, Russell is given a second chance and his reputation as a highly skilled controller is evident from his first day on the job. Nick realizes his position at the top of the heap may be in imminent danger.   Hoping to study his new rival in a different setting, Nick invites Russell and his wife to his home for a company party. Up until now Nick's wife Connie (Cate Blanchett) had been considered the prettiest wife amongst co-workers. However when Russell's wife Mary (Angelina Jolie) arrives at the party it becomes immediately obvious that a new consensus of opinion has been reached. Now the competition really begins.     Nick's obsession for outdoing Russell escalates. Russell on the other hand plays along with the pretense of competition while remaining unattached and emotionally undivested in what the outcome may be. You see Russell has already passed through his own "dark night of the soul" and has overcome his inner demons. He has no further need or desire to prove anything to anyone. That of course is what bothers Nick most of all. For a man like Nick one of the major benefits to winning and being number one is the acknowledgement of defeat from your opponent. For Russell there is no defeat, for there was no competition.  As Nicks' life disintergrates around him Connie moves out after learning he slept with Mary. He eventually suffers a nervous breakdown and is given a leave of absence from his job. Alone and emotionally shattered, his once famous ability to focus and control every situation has been called into question. His only hope now is Russell, someone who has already been there. Russell shows him the folly of his obsession and points him towards a new perspective of reality. To fully embrace this new way of life a rite of passage is required, one that demands trust and bravery. Will Nick have the courage to see it through to the end?  Marvelous script, extraordinary cast with great chemistry (Billy Bob and Angelina married shortly after completing this film) and witty dialogue. A movie to be enjoyed over and over again.      