 Coetzee's extraordinary skill, as shown in this book (my first of his), is in writing a book full of symbolic meanings through a precise realism.  Except for one instance, there is no philosophizing beyond the limits of  his limited main character.  And it is about the new South Africa, from the  point of view of an older Africaaner.  His world seems to be turned upside  down, with the dominance of whites over Blacks being overthrown and  replaced by - for him - a kind of chaos of foreign-ness.   Coetzee  tackles this rich material with symbolism, a complex network of contrasts  and parallels, and suggestions of "applications" to that more  generalized social and political milieu.  So that Professor Lurie's  "disgrace", his removal from his professorship because of a  dalliance with one of his students is not unsimilar - we are to believe -  from his daughter's being raped by three Black South AFricans.  That he is  a communications teacher has significance; that she is a lesbian has  significance.  That he helps Bev "put down" with humanity  unwanted dogs whose owners are unwilling to sterilize them instead, has  significance.  That Lurie is middle-aged and urban, his daughter in the  transitional generation and choosing a rural life, is significant.  This is  not to say that his novel is schematic, that is has the sort of one-for-one  obvious symbolism.  It is a symbolism of suggestion, of indirection.  It is  no more simple than the flawed main character.  It is even beyond the  simpler Blacks-good-Whites-bad viewpoint of a less precise and perceptive  artist. But it does make it seem, finally, intellectual.  It does,  finally, place a wall of the writer's making between the subject and the  more direct emotions of the subject.  It is, through the main character,  rape without a response of active rage, being outcast without crying shame  or outraged denial, a social system turned dreadfully upside down and  inside out with a response of aging acceptance.  So that it is, finally,  not very exciting.     