 My goal in writing Warrior Speed was to write the most thorough, scientifically based book ever written on the topic.  I believe I have accomplished that goal and I feel confident enough to say I know you'll agree.  Allow me to explain some of the research that went into this book.  Prior to taking on this project of writing Warrior Speed, my background consisted of over 20 years training in the martial arts.  I have also had the privilege of training under very knowledgeable athletic coaches in gymnastics, track and boxing. Warrior Speed is composed of 19 chapters and it took 3 full years to complete. I studied physics and interviewed experts in the field so that I could dissect and explain how physics effects fighting speed.  As far as making yourself actually move faster via muscular contractions, I reviewed thousands of research articles on exercise physiology.  This research included visiting several medical libraries and joining numerous medical associations.  The information contained within chapters 2 and 3 could be used by coaches and trainers of professional teams and Olympic athletes to ensure that their training programs incorporate the latest scientific knowledge.   As with other parts of the book, the chapters on psychology draw from personal experience and the experience of the instructors I have had the privilege of training under.  After thoroughly researching the field, including interviewing a Dr. of psychology at the Olympic Training facility in Colorado, I developed a mental training regimen based on the program designed by Dr. Garfield.  Dr. Garfield is a leading trainer in the area of peak athletic performance.  I found his program to be the most effective and best supported by research.  I hope you'll agree. The chapter on Perception Speed is one of my favorite chapters because it teaches you how to perceive the actions of your opponent before he initiates them.  The chapter on Deception Speed is one of my favorites to practice while sparring because of all the little tricks you can play on your opponent.  I had a lot of fun writing those chapters and I enjoy reviewing them from time to time.  That brings up a good point.  Warrior Speed is not  an exciting book to read. I believe that most of it is very interesting, but it is a TEXT book.  You will want to use it as a training manual and reference.  I have highlighted my copy so that I may review some of the more complex topics more efficiently.  I hope you believe this book worthy of doing the same.  Thank you for taking the time to read my note.  I hope it helps. Note: on the chapters that compare the speed of various techniques, electronic equipment was used to measure the speed and slow motion cameras were employed to study the movements.  It is possible however, that after thorough practice of the techniques, you may still disagree with one of the results published in Warrior Speed.  That discrepancy doesn't mean that you are not performing the technique optimally, it may simply be that your kinesthetics are different for that movement. Author: Ted Weimann     