 Pros:  - Relatively small form factor, easy on the eyes. I live in an apartment full of ugly beige boxes, but if you value aesthetics, this router is definitely better-looking than their comparable D-Link or Linksys counterparts. Won't look out of place in a room full of pretty Macs.  - Very easy to set up and configure. If you're a power user, you could set it up inside of five minutes without reading so much as one line of documentation. But if you're not so accomplished, fear not--the Quick Install guide that comes in the box is well-written and easy to follow.  - Pretty good web-based configuration interface. For those of you who have wisely ditched MS Internet Explorer as your default browser, you'll be happy to know that it works just fine in Mozilla Firefox or Opera. There's no need to open a separate Help window to decipher all the available options (and there are many)--there's a handy Help pane on the right-hand side that updates automatically every time you navigate to a different section.  - If you're configuring restricted wireless access or DHCP, you can assign device names to MAC addresses. If you're administering a dozen or so computers (including friends' laptops when they come over to mooch off your DSL), this comes in really handy.  - Built-in SPI firewall, which provides automatic defense against denial of service (DoS) attacks, among other things. Trust me, you need this.  - It just works. If you find yourself power-cycling yours often, try upgrading the firmware to the latest version. It makes a world of difference (and you might get a modest performance increase as well). And it's not very hard to do.  Cons:  - No WPA support. WEP security may deter a casual snooper, but a more determined hacker can crack it pretty easily. I wouldn't deploy this anywhere where data security is paramount.  - The built-in keyword and domain blocking functionality is one and the same. I tried blocking a domain name but wound up blocking any page that just mentioned the domain name (including Google search results). If you need serious firewall functionality, you'd be better off with a dedicated solution like Zone Alarm.  - Signal strength plummets if too close to certain electronic devices like CRT computer monitors, televisions, or cordless phones. I wound up placing the router on the opposite side of the room as my computer. That helped a lot.  - Signal strength is 70% in the same room as the router. My old D-Link did 93% in the same room before it died. Your mileage may vary.  - No way to attach an external antenna or replace the built-in antenna. If you want improved wireless coverage, you'd have to get another wireless access point. Luckily I live in a small apartment, but if you live in a multi-story house or work in a large office, you'll want to think about this.  - Painfully slow LAN file transfers over wireless. If you have a need for wireless speed, you'll want to consider 802.11g equipment or better. Internet access speed is just fine, however.  If all you need is a basic wireless router that lets you share your internet connection with everyone in your home or office, this more than fits the bill. And it's real hard to beat the price.     