 I bought this printer my last year of college based on a number of excellent reviews both online and from reputable publications. When I first got it, I loved it. Fast printing, great quality printouts, and the price was right for a broke student. Though it went through ink quicker than I would have liked, I was pretty conservative with its use and only had to swap black cartridges once in the span of a year. I was using it to print papers and research materials anyway, so I used color very sparingly.  Anyway, I moved back home after graduation due to money problems. Had a hard time getting a job at first (rough market even with a four-year degree), but I did eventually after about a year, and once I did I decided to get the printer the new ink it so badly needed. (Borrowed my parents' Epson Stylus Scan 2500 in the meanwhile, a wonderful printer by the way.) Got all new cartridges--authentic ones, no generic knockoffs here--and discovered to my dismay that the black print head was clogged seemingly beyond repair. I printed a test page in Windows once I got the new cartridges installed. All I got was the four-color Windows logo and lots of wavy black lines that didn't even resemble text. Tried one head cleaning cycle after another, and the problem didn't go away. Adding insult to injury, it sucked the new color cartridges dry almost instantly.  I agree with the general sentiment here--this thing is a money pit. It ran wonderfully when it was new, but it wasn't built to last. I know it's common for inkjet manfacturers (HP, Canon, Lexmark, etc. all do this, but perhaps to a slightly lesser degree) to take a loss on the printers themselves in order to make a profit on the ink and accessories, but Epson really went to the extreme. I'm lucky that I got my new ink on clearance, but I could have easily dropped over $50 trying to resurrect a lemon of a printer, and I sympathize with everyone else here who experienced this.  Incidentally, this happened with my brother, who got a C82. I've been an Epson loyalist for years, so it pains me to say this: Stay away from new Epson inkjets at all costs! They're very pretty and have impressive specs. But then they love you, take all your money, and then leave you. I'm getting rid of mine as fast as possible--not even sure I want to sell it because I don't want to force this misery on anyone else. For now I'm probably going to get a monochrome laser printer because all I need right now is a reliable, cost-effective documents printer. But if I were ever to get another color inkjet, it will not be an Epson.     