 Here are my thoughts, point-by-point:  - 5.0 megapixels of Canon quality. Canon's reputation for high-quality images is well-deserved. You may find less expensive 5.0 megapixel cameras out there, but if you get a Canon, you'll know where the extra money went. And you won't regret spending a penny of it.  - Ease of use. If you're a complete newbie, you can just set the camera in Auto and snap away. But if you're looking for a little more control, it's at your fingertips, and it won't take long for you to learn the menu system. If you've used other Canon digital cameras, you'll feel right at home. (But of course, if you want to know the A95's functions inside and out, there's no substitute for reading the well-written manual.)  - Lots of shooting options. There are some 14 different shooting modes available to cover just about every conceivable situation. Personally I use only two or three, but it's nice knowing they're there.  - A great lens. Canon has long been known for quality lenses, and the one in the A95 is no exception. It features 3x optical zoom and a maximum aperture of f/2.8--shoot near and far, and in a wide range of lighting conditions. (Quick tip: to shoot indoors or in low light without using the flash or a tripod, change the ISO setting.)  - Flexible (but somewhat slow) autofocus. The autofocus system automatically selects between nine points, making it easy to capture off-center subjects with ease. Unfortunately, it can be tricky getting subjects in motion, especially in low-light situations. This takes practice and a bit of trial-and-error to overcome. Hopefully Canon will address this shortcoming in the future.  - "Vari-Angle" LCD. This is the feature that won me over. It can be manipulated very much like many camcorder LCDs, flipped out from the camera body and turned to face a wide range of angles. With the screen turned to face the same direction as the lens, you can even use the A95 as a mirror! And when the camera is not in use, the screen can be folded into the camera body, protecting it from damage. The screen measures 1.8" diagonally and is clear and crisp, even in harsh sunlight.  - Size and weight. The A95 is a lot of camera in a little package--at least compared to a full-featured digital SLR. It's compact, but not pocket-sized (unless you have rather large pockets). If you don't already have a gear bag or a purse, I recommend getting a case with a shoulder strap if you plan on carrying it around a lot. Also, the A95's got a decent amount of heft to it. Personally I don't mind the weight; coming from the professional world, I like the feeling of something solid in my hand.  - Batteries and battery life. One reason the camera weighs a bit is because it uses four AA batteries. Opinions vary on this, but I consider this a positive. If my batteries die, it's easy to drop in a new set and get going again. The A95 will use either conventional alkaline batteries or NiMH rechargeables; I recommend picking up a set or two of the latter. They're available cheap from a wide variety of places (something I can't say about the proprietary rechargeables found in most other digital cameras, other Canon models included).  My only complaint in this department is that there's no visible battery life indicator on the LCD; you're only told when a battery set is on its last legs. I wouldn't worry too much about this. You can get hundreds of shots out of a single set of alkaline AAs and can get even more out of a set of rechargeables, and you can extend battery life further by limiting your use of the flash and LCD. But keep a spare set handy, just in case.  - Uses CompactFlash memory. The A95 uses CompactFlash Type I, which is compatible with Canon and Nikon's digital SLRs. If you already have a digital SLR, you'll be able to share memory cards (as long as they're Type I, not the thicker Type II). If you're a pro looking for a camera for casual use, this is something to think about.  You'll definitely want to pick up a high-capacity card; you'll only get about 10 pictures, if that, out of the included 32 MB card. I recommend at least a 512 MB card--the bigger the better. I also recommend getting a USB CompactFlash card reader for your computer. Connecting the camera to your computer directly drains battery life (unless you have an AC adapter, not included with the camera). Use that battery life to shoot more pictures!  - Attention to detail. Canon's A series may be their "value" line, but there's nothing cheap about the feel of this camera. Every button gives solid tactile feedback. The shutter has a well-defined distinction between half-down (to focus) and full-down (to shoot). And thanks to the built-in orientation sensor, photos shot vertically are oriented properly in playback mode. Little touches like these make all the difference.  Conclusion  There are cameras that are smaller, lighter, better-looking, less expensive, and with more features. If you want smaller, lighter, or better-looking, try the Canon S or SD series. If you want something less expensive, try the other A series models like the A510. If you want more features, move on up to an SLR like the Digital Rebel. But it's hard to find a camera that can balance all of these considerations as well as the A95. It's a rare gem of a camera that has something for everyone--ease of use for a beginner, more features and control for an amateur or professional. And given the rich feature set and Canon's renowned picture quality, it's an incredible value.     