 [...]  I would probably give this mouse '3' stars, if the price wasn't so low at most retailers...but the price is often a steal. I'd say it gives you a good bang for your buck. This is not a high end mouse, what can you expect? It's a BASIC optical mouse, meang that it's a plain, regular optical mouse, no visually unique look and no fancy extra buttons to program, but it's got the buttons you need.  I would say if you get a good price, it's not a bad mouse to have.  Even with it's 'jumpy' problem, which I had only experienced in the first week of use, it's still pretty decent. The problem people are talking about is sometimes the lazer goes nuts and the curser moves somewhere on screen where you didn't put it.   I use a Dell mouse pad that came with my PC with the mouse; although mouse pads are optional with optical 'mice,' with the mouse pad I experience less of these problems with the mouse taking on a mind of its own.  Also make sure to adjust your scroll wheel settings, in fact you need to change your settings in the control panel.  It's seems leaving, say, scroll wheel mouse settings, makes the mouse behave strangely.  The mouse doesn't come with software, this is why I point this out.  Adjust the mouse speed and you should be fine.   Also a nice feature is you can hook it up to a free USB port or traditional mouse port (comes with a connector).  Conclusion: A bad mouse for gamers, graphic designers (although I tinker with photoshop and this serves okay for me, as I'm a college kid saving some $), but a good mouse for the everyday, basic PC user.  I am on my computer alot, so I spend alot of time with this mouse and I have nothing amazing or terrible to say about it.  Hope this helps somewhat. *reviews about this mouse being fickle are true. When I first got it I experienced it being 'jumpy,' but nothing as severe as some of the reviews state. it may depend on your OS, I'm running XP. The intellimouse explorer (I think that's it's name) is probably a better choice for an extra few $. But for the right price this mouse is tolerable.     