 I just bought this and paid more elsewhere (unfortunately).  Amazon has a great price on this item, in fact, I recommend this and the Netgear 802.11b (MR814) router.  I never have setup a network before myself and was hesitant...but it's not that hard. Here is what I did: First I installed the router (you can use any brand B standard router, but the MR814 is a nice choice). Use all software.  Configure a WEP or anyone can access your wireless network (read the booklet...) Next setup the USB on your other PC / laptop.  DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE it comes with (USB 1.1) or it will probably crash your PC, according to many online reports.  I downloaded the newest 2.0.1 from netgear.com support page.  DO NOT PLUG-IN THE USB ADAPTER until this software is installed.  This will ensure no PC crashing (at least, my experience)....even the booklet warns against installing first.  The software update is A MUST.  You can actually leave the USB device plugged in all the time. I even shutdown with it on (no problems, it powers off with shut down and on with startup).  After it's installed follow the book instructions.  Make sure you use the same WEP and it should automatically detect your router (as long as your router name is broadcasted, if not type it manually). Now the not-so-good: The range on this little thing could be better.  I get a 40-53% signal but this is my setup: My router is downstairs in an addition at the very back room of my house.  My wireless USB adapter and PC are upstairs toward the front of the house.  This thing has to go thru electronic signals (We have a 2.4Ghrtz phone and other electronics) and at least three walls. Considering the size, I am pleased. I had doubts, I'll admit. If you are debating between 'b' and 'g' standard and money is an issue go with the b standard.  Why?  It's still fast, and it's going for bargain prices now since 'g' came out.  I have cable internet and I think my connection is just as fast thru the wireless. Way to go Netgear!! My first time setting up a network and now I'm wireless. It took me two hours, but for someone with basic knowledge could have this up in minutes. Final assessment:  For the price this thing is pretty nifty. Works with laptop and PC (It's good for people like me that use both interchangeably).  The range is not spectacular but decent. I'd say I'm at a distance of 70 - 75 feet with a 40-53% signal.  My connection never goes to '0'.  Perhaps people with this problem have old firmware or they don't have their wireless network setup in a good location. It comes with a cable, so I recommend adjusting it until you find a good spot (for me this changes daily). Recommended without hesitation.  There is better out there, but this USB is fast, easy, and affordable. Best of all, no opening up the PC.  I experience no PC crashing at all, and no negative issues. 11 Mbps is pretty sweet in fact.     