 This product (unlike others I've tried) does not skip when walking with it. True, the bottom feels a littly flimsy, but trust me this player will not open up or come loose. I've carried it around with me, and sometimes I keep it in my bag's front pouch...the headphone cord is just long enough for that. pros: -plastic body wont show scratches -the player is very light, makes it easy to carry! -the display is very informative...birate, track name, battery life and so many other options I've yet to master -the size is also compact..too me, smaller then it looks in the picture (comparing it to my sony psych it's smaller and lighter) -reads mp3 cds flawlessly and is pretty quiet too -firmware upgradable (and very easy to do, just download from www.iriver.com and burn the 'hex' file onto a blank cd or cdr...this feature is good because as formats change in feature iriver will be on top of it -comes with ear buds (average, nothing to write home about) just to clarify, the headphone cord length is supposed to be one long and one short cuz you put the left cording around the back of your head so nothing dangles in front of you...it prevent tangles and is actually really cool..I just can't get the darn ear buds to stay in properly -comes with car adapter (I have no interest in using this..but FYI does not come with the power charger, just the cassette thing (so you'd have to buy a power adapter or run on AA batteries in the car) -has 1 year warranty...pretty decent -comes with 2 AA duracell batteries cons -no AC power adapter to run it on at home (FYE sony AC 4.5V adapter works fine with this player, I have one from my sony portable cd player)...at ... it's around $ -no backlight...I know they did this to cut costs, but I would have liked it -earphones are not too comfy in my ears and sound is nothing more then average (plan to upgrade)... -LCD scratches easily (mine had small scratches out of the box..but nothing major For amazon's sale price, this player does the trick.  On mp3 cd's you can fit somewhere between 150 to 200 songs depending on the quality/file size...and I don't use wma but you can fit more using that format Update: Battery life is acceptable.  Seems to last between 10-12 hours...I don't think it's really the 16 advertised, but products always overshoot battery life.  I am probably going to buy NiMH batteries because of the fact it's cheaper to recharge, then to keep buying batteries.  With fairly regular use you'd be changing them at least once a week.  Still a solid product.  I run it from an AC adapter when I am doing hw at night.  No problems like other ppl stated.  And the battery indicator is in fact fickle (as one review says). It says the battery is fully charged when I know it isn't and then it indicates suddenly the battery is nearly out.  This is the only flaw on the player, if it's even a big issue. Carry a spare set of batteries anyway.  This player does not skip when the battery is low (someone else experienced this)...it plays fine until battery drains. Hope this helps.     