 I purchased this mouse because I was in the market for a new optical mouse, my microsoft basic optical mouse had a mind all it's own and wasn't too great when I was doing work with photoshop.  So I decided it was time to upgrade and with this price, why not wireless?  The mx700 is the cream of the crop.  The battery lasts for an extremely long time.   I sometimes forget to dock it on the charger for 2 or 3 days and even then it's got battery left.  I'd consider myself a regular computer user and I apperciate wireless for the convenience.  There are cords associated with the mouse, but for desktop users it's not a problem.  The charger cords hook up in the back of your computer, two that go into one usb port...and there is a powercord (the kind of lump power source you get with speakers, but a bit smaller.  The range from the base station to the mouse is amazing, not only does it really work the 6 feet distance as advertised, it also works when you don't even point the mouse at the controller.  I had the mouse on top of my lofted bed at school and could switch songs on winamp from there (mouse wasnt directly pointed face forward at the computer).  I was in awe.  Really, the 6 foot distance has little practical use for most, but it's a nice thing to have in some case.  For instance, if you want to use your mouse like a remote.  Now for the software review...mouseware is really not as bad as people say.  Yes, logitech does bundle it with spyware, namely wildtangent.  Wildtanget is software that lets you play games, but do not be fooled it tracks usage and slows your PC.  Logitech shouldn't contaminate a perfect product with that kind of bundled spyware, but I will forgive them because this mouse is so great.  The wonderful thing is you don't need to install this or the eBay shortcut or any other crap.  When you install the software select basic drivers install.   FYI: The mouse works with or without drivers, but drivers let you utilize the 'switch application button' and also give you battery life info.  I would recommend installing them.  With that said, the software is very intuitive.  You can program the keys as you want.  I liked the settings logitech offered so I left them.  There are < > buttons for web browsing, truly awesome! The software offers a program switch application that lets you switch from word to winamp in one click.    I am 100% satisfied with this purchase. I think this mouse is my new favorite computer accessory.  Besides working wonderfully, it also looks pretty cool on my desk.     