 I remember seeing a story that Stossel did on Primetime, or Dateline, or 20/20 or whatever show he's on, about the type of food that's served in public school cafeterias - about how unhealthy it was. He, along with his liberterian moustache, got the evil cafeteria workers to admit on camera that they did not have a clue about the nutritional content of the salsbury steak they were serving to the unsuspecting, innocent kids. And you know, he did that great reporting that he does, with the exaggerated inflections.."so next time you send little Cindy off to school with her lunch money, just remember that the public SCHOOL systems may not neces-SAR-ily share YOUR concept of what comprises a nutritious MEAL...." and then he'd schrunch up his face and twist his mouth around, to let you know that he really meant it. You know, he was just going all out with the up and down and up and down with his voice, like some overzealous pre-school teacher reading Goldilocks to a 3 year old. And I remember thinking, wow, this is really explosive, what Stossel and his moustache are doing here. They're blowing the lid off the public school cafeterias in this country. Those sloppy joes contain like 20 % saturated fat, and they're feeding it to our kids, and Stossel is there! I thought, Stossel will surely become one of the great heroes of America. And wouldn't you know it? I was right. All the great investigative journalists like Stone Phillips and John Stossel and that scary white haired guy with the really freaky-voice who looks likes like a dead man, from the great news shows like Primetime and 20/20 and Dateline that are exposing the corruption and evil that exists in the dry-cleaning, photo-processing, roof-shingling, and home appliance repair industries - they are the real heroes of America. And the liberals in America can't stand it for some reason or other.   Quite frankly, I don't completely understand the part about the liberals. I didn't quite follow why the liberals were so upset by the stories about the pin-reset mechanical failures in the bowling alleys or about the undercooked noodles at the Chinese buffet in Santa Monica. But anyway, Stossel makes it clear that the liberals are out to put a stop to his important work, and he and his moustache are not going to sit still for it. You go, Stossel. No one should be able to stop you from telling the American people about the dangerously low levels of protein in dog biscuits.       