 This is a well-organized and informative book.  While it is based on a series of interviews, the Q&A format is not used; instead, Stok lets Kieslowski narrate in his own words various stages in his life and films he  has made.  The effect is that of eavesdropping on a chance monologue, or  that of a very colloquial autobiography.  Although Stok (I think) happens  to be the wife of one of Kieslowski's main cameramen, personal sentiments  do not get in the way at any point.  This book also contains, in addition  to the compulsory stills from his documentaries and movies, various other  interesting material such as photographs that Kieslowski himself took as a  student at Lodz Film School. The portrait of Kieslowski that emerges is  of an overwhelmingly modest, considerate, private, and above all *humane*  human being, self-deprecating to the extreme even after his international  success as a director.  He dismisses his vocation as the worst job in the  world, hilarious (issuing directions via microphone and speaker, freezing,  to a half-clad Grazyna Szapolowska atop a makeshift tower at 2am) and  insignificant(his frustrating administrative experiences as a member of the  Polish filmmaking guild).  However, you realize that the poignant messages  that come through in his films are the result of a unique personal/private  sensitivity; he tries to articulate the manner in which outside events  touch the individual, and hopes to touch the individual in the audience  through his work.  You can't reproach him for insisting that "you will  never know what is deep inside me, no one will ever know, the experience is  mine alone."   The only thing I felt was missing from the book was  Kieslowski's final pronouncement on the Blue/White/Red series, since the  final interviews were conducted while he was still editing.  Also, it does  not answer every single question you have about his films - what does the  hunchbacked old woman who creeps through Veronique and the Trilogy signify?   What does Veronique's clear rubber ball mean?  At times, I realized that  Kieslowski's narrative and symbolic intentions were really much simpler  than what I had imagined to be.  In all, this book is not the terminus in  your quest to discover the essence of Kieslowski, but provides a  heartwarming, personal portrait to base further navigations on.     