 This album came out in 1996, and personally I was not used to the new sound of Cyndi Lauper.  I guess I was still living "A Night To Remember."  After playing this CD about three times, I felt that this is a wonderful album with such soul.  It's a very eclectic album with Cyndi singing as she's never sung before. God, She's good!  SISTERS OF AVALON: Starts this album off with a bang! "Felt someone calling me into the howling of the wind." is the first lyrics she sings.  This song is truly about union and strength.  Very Spiritual. BALLAD OF CLEO & JOE: is also awesome.  Very dancey/disco/club song about a ballad of a drag queen "And the working boy becomes a dancing queen." FALL INTO YOUR DREAMS: This song is one of my favorites.  I love the melody as well as the wonderful lyrics.  This song should have been a single "Little baby, on my shoulder I could fall into your dreams ..." YOU DON'T KNOW: was the first single off this album, and a song I truly love and relate to.  It's about not fitting in, which I think Cyndi's had issues about ever since fame. "You don't know where you belong You should be more careful As you follow blindly along ... You just need to belong somehow." and I definetly think that's true. LOVE TO HATE: Is a very nitty gritty song... totally cool! HOT GETS A LITTLE COLD: acoustic/folk type song.  Very cool and lovely lyrics. UNHOOK THE STARS: This song took a long time for me to get into but I was going through a difficult time and these things helped me to know that other people go through hard times as well. "Just when everything's in order and good, things fall apart." SEARCHING: Also a very cool track! Cyndi opened with this song a few times on the tour for this album... very new age "Feel like I'm crawling on my belly Longing and glad ... Excited at prospects, Humbled and mad" SAY A PRAYER & MOTHER: These two tracks are still growing on me is the reason I gave this album 4/5 stars. FEARLESS: YES!! An awesome song... most of us first heard it on the RuPaul Show! Great song! I love it, one of the best ballads she's done!! "But if I was fearless ...Could I be your reckless friend" BRIMSTONE AND FIRE: A very Cutesy-Cyndi Type song.  It's fun... felt kinda like "I KISSED A GIRL" From Jill Sobule.. But all in all, this album is wonderful, although i still love "I Drove All Night" and "Money Changes Everything" this feels like the ultimate complete album. Go buy it and don't expect the same Cyndi from 1984!     