 I've been a fan of Faith Hill since 1993 even though i'm barely a fan of country.  There was just something about her that is irresistable, even then. When "Breathe" came out in 1998 I bought it, but was not overly impressed with the album after completely loving the past albums. I eventually learned to love all of the songs and it is really a great album. Anyways, it took me a long time to buy this CD! In fact, almost a year and a half even though I loved "Cry" and some other songs.  I just was a little leary of buying it.  Anyhow I bought it and was totally blown away!  Me, being a pop/rock fan, I loved it even more!! My favorite rock-type songs: Back To You, Free, I Think I Will, and If This Is The End. "When The Lights Go Down" I think is an awesome song because it's a song that anyone can relate to.  Life may not be what it seems to the outside world. "One" is very r&b oriented and took me awhile, but it has some great lyrics to it! "One turns into two and my heart is turning blue and you still don't get it do you?" "Beautiful" is a very romantic-poetic song.  Faith speaks the lyrics and sets a romantic tone for the album. "Baby You Belong" "If You're Gonna Fly Away" and "Unsavable" are listenable, but I could really do without those three. For some reason, I didn't like "You're Still Here" I think because I thought it was a poor choice for a single after the last 2 singles were ballads.  I think they should've used something more upbeat like "I think I will" "Back To You" or "Free" Bottom line, I'm very happy with Faith Hill.  She has shown some true growth and has gotten better with every album.  I feel bad that this wasn't a big success, but it went to #1. (her second album in a row to go #1 in pop charts).  Even having one #1 is a impossible task for some artists, but Faith makes it look easy! P.S. I'm glad there weren't anymore Tim McGraw duets on this album! Their duets get on my nerves after awhile!! "When the lights go down & there's nothing left to be.  When the lights go down and the truth is all you see."     