 His review is actually regarding "The Collection" and not "Essential"... The covers are exactly the same.  This is a pretty good compilation CD, it includes all of her hits from 1987 to 1992.  This is a re-packaged version of "The Best of Belinda Vol. 1" that came out in 1992 that hit #1 in the UK.  That copy is no longer available and so this is great they re-released it. Here are the reviews on each song (In order by release): Heaven Is A Place On Earth: Belinda's biggest hit on both sides of the atlantic.  Great pop song & catchy chorus. I Get Weak: Another pop power ballad penned by Diane Warren. Circle In The Sand: A very dark ballad that can be heard in any supermarket satellite (even Bel has joked about it). Leave A Light On: Another big hit single.  Similar to "Heaven".  Great Chorus & Beautiful lyrics La Luna: Spanish oriented song.  Very romantic!! Runaway Horses: Another power ballad.  This song is very spiritual. (We Want) The Same Thing: This is the Summer Remixed, which sounds alot better than the original version. Summer Rain: My second favorite song on the album.  Very romantic that tells a story of 2 lovers that never were. Vision Of You: This is also REMIXED, which I don't think it's as good.  I prefer the slower ballad version. Live Your Life Be Free: Very-anthemic rock song.  Great song to sing a long to! Do You Feel Like I Feel: My all-time favorite song by Bel.  Very driven chorus. Half The World: A Nice ballad. Little Black Book: Very upbeat, cutesy song! I Plead Insanity: Nice rocking song about a girl going crazy over a guy. The only thing that isn't so good is that these songs are edited, which for some songs are great and others not so great.  The one that comes to mind is "Summer Rain" that sounds better as an album version.  The one that sounds better would be "Circle in the Sand" it doesn't have that long ending that the regular album includes. Another negative is that "Mad About You" is left off, but due to legal rights it belonged to another record label. It's a great collection.  I also recommed "A Place On Earth"  it includes 10 songs from this collection + the rest of her hits in the 90's like "Big Scary Animal" & "In Too Deep". I recommend both!     