 Tori's Debut album "Little Earthquakes" (disregard YKTR)is nothing short of a masterpiece.  As Tori had stated before this album is her diary, while "Under the Pink" is a painting and "Boys for Pele" is a novel. I was hooked from beginning to end.   The album ranges from alot of different emotions, from the humorus "Leather" and "Happy Phantom" to angry & dark songs such as "Precious Things" and "Little Earthquakes". There are also songs with hope "Silent All These Years" and "Girl". "Tear in Your Hand" is a song about a man leaving Tori for another woman.  In the song she sings "maybe she's just pieces of me/you've never seen".  Awesome song, very uplifting muscially. "China" is a beautifully written song "Sometimes i think you want me to touch you, but how can I when you build the great wall around you?" "Crucify" is a song alot of us can relate to.  It's a song about being walked all over & not standing up for yourself. "Me and a Gun" is a signature song that probably wasn't meant to be about a girl who is raped or been taken against her will. A song with no music, just Tori's haunting voice.  "it was me and a gun/and a man on my back/but i haven't seen BARBADOS so i must get out of this" "Winter" is a beautiful song about how life is always changing & that's part of the ride. It also reminds me of "Mother", which I feel is also a song about growing up and changing.  It's a song that's slowly becoming one of my favorites off of "LE".  "Mother/he's gonna change my name/maybe you'll leave the light on/just in just in case i like the dancing/i can remember where i come from" There are songs on here that I prefer more than others, but they all fit perfectly.  This is one of her greatest albums & deserves alot more attention than it gets! If You happen to buy the singles from this album you are also in for a treat.  There are some wonderful B-sides that I wish could've made the album.  Songs like "Take To The Sky" "Mary" "Upside Down" and "Flying Dutchman". Give me life, give me pain, give me myself again...     