 I read this book in Multi-Cultural Literature class.  I think that Amy Tan is a truly gifted writer with a unique way of opening our imaginations to her world.  This novel has 8 main characters.  It's about 4 chinese women  who came to America and how they have to change their ways.  The other 4  chinese women are their daughters born in America.  Each chapter is one of  the characters point of view and their life story. Ying Ying St. Clair:  After being left by her first husband, marries her second husband who is an  american. Lena St. Clair: She is the daughter of Ying Ying.  She is  having marital problems with her husband Harold.  Who wants to be treated  equal.  They have their own money and they split it down the  middle. Linda Jong: At a young age was in an arranged marriage, she later  makes up a story that her in laws ancesters would be angry if she bare her  husbands Child. Waverly Jong: She is named after the street in which she  lived in.  She became a champion at chess, and realizing that it isn't so  fun anymore. An-Mei Hsu: She was raised by her Grandmother because her  mother, although was alive was considered a "ghost" because she  remarried after her first husband died.  She has to decide whether she  wants to leave with her mother after her Grandmothers death, or stay with  her aunt and her brother. Rose Hsu Jordan: She is dealing with her  husbands divorce.  She is fighting to keep the house that they both had  lived in. Suyuan Woo: She was the one who started 'The Joy Luck Club'.   She decided to have 4 women gather around once a week, and eat a big feast,  and laugh and talk about good times all through the night. Jing Mei Woo:  After her mother's death, she must go to China and meet with her long-lost  twin sisters. I definetly give this book an A+.  Don't think that I've  told you everything.  That is not even the beginning.  Not only are you  enjoying a good book, but you are learning about Chinese Culture.  I've  said this many, many times, but this book is a "must" read...     