 I remember in 1999, I was sitting on my computer and my mother handed me a single-cd that she had bought for 1.99.  I looked at the picture and thought "Who is this? Mandy Moore? Candy?".  So I popped it in, and thought it was an okay track, and kind of forgot about it.  When "I Wanna Be With You" came out for the "Center Stage" soundtrack is when I knew how far Mandy Moore could step out.  I bought her second cd immediately.  I wasn't entirely impressed with the album, but I thought she was a cool chick and I kept it and played it from time to time.  It was when this Cd that came out that I was hooked!  This is an awesome cd, and so underrated, I can't even believe it!! The Album opens up with the first single "In My Pocket." This was the song that hooked me as well.  It's so different from anything out there, it kind of reminded me of Expose' "Point Of No Return".  It's such a fun song to listen to.  "You Remind Me" is kind of like the "I Wanna Be With You" Throw away track, it's good and it does fit in, but it just doesn't agree with me.  "Saturate Me" is one of the most beautiful songs on this album, It should've been a single, instead of "Crush".  "The Dunes that shift, drift and lift in the wind. Cover up my hope as i start to give in."  The next song "One Sided Love" is really cool, too.  I love to sing it! "17" is an okay pop song, it's fun to listen to, but it will out grow Mandy by next year.  Like Mandy Moore "Cry" is also my favorite song on this album, and so glad it's featured on her feature movie "A Walk To Remember". I don't know if I really like or dislike "Crush" I wish Mandy would've continued more of the latin sound for her singles, rather than switching to sugary pop. "It Only Took A Minute" is a cool song, and i enjoy listening to it.  "Turn The Clock Around" seems like they should've played that on "AWTR" also, has that teenage feel to it.  I Think "Yo Yo" is a great song as well.  "Im Not A Yo Yo, I don't come back when I am thrown".  I Don't care for "From Loving You" or "Split Chick" I think they should've used the other "AWTR" songs on here instead.  And the co-penned "When I Talk To You" Finishes the album up nicely.  I definetly recommend that you buy this album, if you are tired of Britney, check out some sophistication... Mandy...     