 After 1996's more piano-based, eccentric album "Boys for Pele" Tori Amos had not had the best time.  She had miscarried during that tour which was a difficult time for her.  This album is alot harder to listen to compare to past and future albums due to this, but it's also what makes it that much more magical.  It shown a side of Tori that probably hasn't always been expressed in her music which I'm sure some of these songs are harder for her to perform today.  This album is a departure from her previous three albums (92's Little Earthquakes, 94's Under the Pink & 96's Boys for Pele) mainly because of the use of techno & ambient throughout this record.  It's one of her more popular albums and a favorite of mine as well. It was released in 1998 and had hit #4 on the billboard hot 200 albums. In the U.S. releasing 4 singles: Spark, Jackie's Strength, Cruel/Raspberry Swirl and Jackie's Strength remix.   "Spark" is the first single and favorite off of this album.  It's very ambient. I was fortunate enough to see her perform this song in 2003.  I believe that in this song Tori feels that she has lost herself... she has lost that spark inside of her  "Northern Lad" is a sad love song about a woman falling for a man and how everything dissolves. "But I feel something is wrong/But I feel this cake just isn't done/Don't say that you don't/and if you could see me know/girls you've got to know when it's time to turn the page/when you're only wet because of the rain"  "Black Dove" is a very beautiful song that opens with Tori's trademark piano-style harmony. The song seems desperate that Tori needs to get somewhere but doesn't seem to go anywhere.  "Playboy Mommy" is the saddest song on the album due to it being about losing her child.  In this song Tori begs for her unborn daughter to forgive her for not being able to have her. You can hear the ache in Tori's voice and it brings tears to your eyes.   Other highlights on this album: Cruel, Iieee, Pandora's Aquarium.  I think this album is overall amazing.  The artwork is beautiful. I think you'll enjoy this album.  I would recommend "Little Earthquakes" to be a first Tori choice, but this album is fine too!!  "I know we're dying and there's no sign of a parachute" -- Tori Amos "Iieee"     