 After over a year of listening to Tori Amos' albums, b-sides & seeing her live, this is my favorite album of hers.  I think the reason why it's my favorite is because it's the first actual tori album that I had bought.  My friend had compiled a disc of various songs for me to listen to, so I can get acquainted with this wonderful-mysterious artist.  I desperately needed a silver-lining when it came to music... and tori was a great new outlet. The reason "Under The Pink" was the first album was because there were NO songs compiled from the CD my friend made me.  I was definetly curious! Although, this album isn't ALL roses.  There are some songs that took longer for me to get used to.  I think the biggest song that was hard for me to get used to was "Bells For Her" which is very slow & dreary. "God" was a song that I had heard before, but had forgotten until I heard the track.  I remember seeing the crazy video!  It's a favorite song of mine & very clever. "God sometimes you just don't come through/do you need a woman to look after you?" "Cornflake Girl" is my all-time favorite Tori song ever!  There's something about it that hooks me from beginning to end!  I think it's just the way she goes to town on that piano!  I think the lyrics rock too!! "Cornflakeboy21" is my AIM if anyone wants to say hello... "Cloud on My Tongue" and "Space Dog" are other highlights on this record.  "Cloud on My Tongue" is very beautiful-slow song.  I actually prefer the live version of this song on the "To Venus & Back" live CD.  "Space Dog" is just a very-rocking song with crazy lyrics!  "Deck the halls I'm young again, I'm you again/is she still pissing in the river now??" "Pretty Good Year" always makes me reflect in the past year that I've gone through and decided maybe it wasn't the best, but it was pretty good... "Past the Mission" is a song I'm just really getting into now.  I really feel it's a song that you can listen to after ending something.  If something has come to an end & to reflect. "Icicle" is a great song, but not too crazy about the long intro.  "Baker Baker" is also a very intersting song, but love it more and more each time I hear it.  "The Wrong Band" along with "Bells For Her" is probably my least favorite songs.  "Yes, Anastacia" i'm not too sure of quite yet, I need to get more acquainted with.  "The Waitress" is quite a fun song. Definetly if you don't like someone, this is a good way to get your emotions out!! If I were to pick 2 Tori albums on a desert island I would choose this one & "Little Earthquakes".  I think both of these records are stellar!!  "Boys For Pele" most people's favorite of Tori's but one I think is average.  "From The Choirgirl Hotel" is very awesome also like "Spark" "Black Dove" & "Northern Lad.  "To Venus & Back" is also a very great album, but deserves more respect.  "Strange Little Girls" Takes awhile, but also a great record.  "Scarlet's Walk" has a few issues, but all in all a delightful record. I hope this helps with your decision with this album.  I know this is generally not a big favorite of toriphiles, but it's one I cherish. thought I was over the bridge now...     