 Kate Conlan is a former FBI agent turned victim/witness advocate. She treats her clients like family, always eager to be there for them, to support them and give them the encouragement they need. She has only one rule: she doesn't work with kids. When a murderer strikes again, leaving his signature mark of a charred corpse in the middle of a very public park, the cops know they're dealing with a serial killer. His first two victims didn't garner too much attention - after all, they were only prostitutes. Surely, government money could be put to better use than finding their killers? But the third victim is different. She's thought to be the daughter of a billionaire. Too bad the killer decapitated her before burning her, which leaves the cops very little options for identification. Except, this time, there's a witness. She's young, perhaps fifteen or sixteen, and living on the streets has made her stubborn, uncooperative and unreliable. When Kate is assigned to work with this witness, she's appalled. There's a reason she doesn't work with kids. They take too much emotional involvement, and Kate has already lost her daughter - she's not sure she can deal with having any more children taken away from her. Then things get even more complicated as the best FBI profiler, John Quinn, is brought in on the case. Unfortunately for Kate, he's also her ex-lover, and the only man she's ever really loved.  This was my first introduction to Tami Hoag's writing, and I have to admit, I'm speechless. Her talent is extraordinary, as she's able to craft an intensely suspenseful story that kept me turning pages well into the night. In fact, I finished this book at 5:00 AM, unwilling to put it down through the last four hundred pages. I needed to know what would happen next. Every twist and turn of this fabulous mystery thriller brought me to the edge of my seat... and just when I thought I had it figured out, another twist in the story would develop, nullifying everything I thought I knew. I truly felt connected to the main characters. Both John and Kate were endearing; both having had to suffer through so much and deal with an inordinate amount of stress. I was rooting for them to find the happiness and peace they so richly deserved. Of course, with a psychopath on the loose, it's a little hard to find time for romance.  A word of warning: some scenes are extremely graphic, and quite disturbing. In particular, the autopsy scenes, and those written from the killer's point of view are especially chilling. So settle in with a blanket, a cup of hot chocolate, and this exquisite thriller - and make sure to lock those doors!     