 Sarah Killian and her brother William were orphaned when she was only 9, and her brother was 5. After living on the streets for a while, Sarah finally found a benefactor who could get them both into separate boarding schools. Sarah has spent the last eight years missing her brother, and she's decided to return to London to seek out proper employment and provide her younger sibling with the happy home they didn't have as children. However, things get complicated when she arrives in town. Sarah learns that her brother has been missing from school for almost seven years, having run away before his first year was up. She also finds out that getting a position as a governess will be tougher than she thought, as her stunning looks are likely to hinder her efforts. Still, Sarah is persistent, and though she's forced to live with some distant relatives who delight in treating her more like a servant than family, she firmly believes she can find her brother. Then there is Lord Peter Northrup, who is making his way through high society by hiding behind his role as a dandy, and trying to play matchmaker to his friends. Sarah, however, offers something he can't ignore: a puzzle. Taken by her beauty, and intrigued by her mysterious demeanor, Lord Peter makes it his new goal to find out all he can about this stranger. Things get even more complicated when a well known criminal who preys on the wealthy and gives to the poor returns, but how will Lord Peter react when he finds out that his beloved Sarah has taken on the role of the famous thief? WICKEDLY YOURS promises a delicious romp through the streets of London's underworld... and fails to deliver. What we get instead is a slow paced account of a relationship based on lies, mistrust, misunderstandings, and false assumptions. And of course, if that's not enough to keep two people from living happily ever after, there's also the: "I love him so much, but he could never love someone like me!" and "I love her so much, but she could never feel the same way about me!" theme to fall back on for a few hundred pages. The frustration these two experience is thoroughly felt by the reader as well.  Sarah teeters between being courageous enough to sneak into people's houses and steal their silverware, and turning pale and getting dizzy spells each time someone mentions the thefts. Instead of making her realistic, these qualities only serve to highlight her inconsistencies as a character. Lord Peter, on the other hand, is more likeable, but even he made me groan as he continued to chase after Sarah, trying to rescue her from... herself. Overall, a disappointing, predictable, poorly characterized romance. Though the writing style is descriptive and authentic to the period, the rest of the novel doesn't provide the satisfaction that fans of regency romances crave.     