 Nora Bridge has struggled to become the successful advice columnist and radio talk show host that she is. She particularly enjoys the legions of fans who hang on to her every word, and call in to ask deeply personal questions, relying on her moralistic and often harshly accurate advice. But the world she's built soon comes crashing down, when a man Nora had an affair with years ago surfaces, baring nude pictures of her in his arms. And when her fans find out that she was still married to her ex-husband at the time the pictures were taken, they're ready to turn against her. After all, how could they continue to take marital advice from a woman who is so clearly a hypocrite? As Nora sees her career coming to an end she hits rock bottom, believing that the past has finally caught up to her, and she's now lost everything. Eleven years ago, when her marriage ended, she left behind two young daughters who were distraught and betrayed by her actions. Even after all these years, Nora still has an estranged relationship with them both. Ruby, the younger daughter, has proven to be especially difficult, refusing to speak to Nora for over a decade and struggling to make a career as a stand-up comedian out of her resentment for her mother.  When an accident brings Nora and her daughters back to the place that holds so many memories for all of them, the barriers they've built around them come crashing down. But can a few days in a home filled with old memories be enough to erase so many years of deep resentment? Kristin Hannah's strength as a writer shines through her characterization. Nora is extremely believable as a guilt-ridden mother yearning to make up for the mistakes she made in her past. Ruby is equally endearing as the betrayed daughter who harbors a lot of resentment for Nora. They come together in scenes charged with emotional energy in order to work through their feelings and start the healing process. SUMMER ISLAND is a novel about forgiveness and redemption and the choices we make. It's also a book that raises some interesting questions: How well do we really know our parents? And when we lose one of them, do we lose a part of ourselves as well? Among the exploration of the mother-daughter relationship lies another story of familial heartbreak along with a deeply moving portrayal of a young man on his deathbed. All these themes necessitate a full box of tissues nearby - SUMMER ISLAND is a definite tearjerker, and a must read for fans of passionate and dramatic family sagas.     