 A.J. Cooper is nothing like the beauty queen that her mother wanted her to be. Yes, she's drop-dead gorgeous with a body women envy and men drool after, but she despises the fact that her looks get more attention than her brain and her abilities. When A.J. is offered the opportunity to become an agent for the anti-terrorism agency, T-FLAC, she's determined to succeed. She's at the top of her class, and her sniper abilities are practically unmatched. But when a bullet from a training rifle tears its way through her flesh, will A.J. ever be able to get beyond the experience and truly become a top of the line operative? Fazur Hessan Ali Raazaq is on the FBI's most wanted list for his terrorist crimes. He's also known to have a particular fondness for red-haired American women. A.J. seems to be the only one who can get close enough to him to take him out, but Kane Wright disagrees. In charge of the mission, Kane has been working alone for the past two years, since he was taken captive and forced to watch his men being tortured and killed. Now, he doesn't want to be held responsible for anyone's life ever again. And he definitely doesn't want to give in to his growing feelings for this gorgeous, and admittedly rookie operative. What follows is a whirlwind of adventurous events that take place against the beautiful and harsh background of Egyptian landscape. A.J. and Kane are forced to fight a madman and his cronies while also fighting their intense passion for each other. At a time when terrorism is a growing worldwide concern, Cherry Adair has crafted a story that tugs at the heartstrings and celebrates the operatives that work to keep us safe from madmen such as Raazeq.  A story full of sexual tension and hot love scenes, OUT OF SIGHT succeeds in striking the balance between a gritty, realistic novel and a heartwarming story about the power of love. In the end, this is a novel that is sure to delight those who like their romantic suspense with a harsh and gritty dose of reality.     