 What would happen if corporations ran the world? If governments became privatized, taxes were abolished, and employees took the surname of the companies they worked for? This is the intriguing premise of Max Barry's JENNIFER GOVERNMENT. When Hack Nike, Merchandising Officer for the Nike Corporation, signs a contract without first reading it, all he cares about is getting a promotion. What he doesn't realize is that he's just agreed to murder ten Nike customers. The Vice-President of Marketing thinks that killing ten people as they walk out of the store with the newest, hottest shoe will drive up demand, and therefore make the company a fortune. As Hack tries to find a way to escape having to carry out the contract (he ends up subcontracting it to the Police), he encounters Jennifer Government, a single mother who wants nothing more than to find the VP of Nike's Marketing and put him behind bars. As it turns out, they go way back. Max Barry takes an intriguing premise and writes... well, a screenplay. The fast-paced action scenes and snappy dialogue are better suited to the big screen than the novel format. As a result, characterization suffers. The plight of the characters never becomes interesting enough to make me care what happens to them. Sure, the world Barry has created is fascinating, even terrifying, but ultimately, does it really matter? Not when the people we're supposed to care about come across as nothing more than corporate pawns. Jennifer Government is the only one of the main characters who at least gets some semblance of a real life. The scenes with her eight-year-old daughter, Kate, are heartwarming and beautifully written, and they made me wish that Barry had paid the same kind of attention to his other main characters. It's obvious he has the imagination and the skill to pull off a great work of fiction, unfortunately, JENNIFER GOVERNMENT doesn't quite make it to that level. Read it if you're looking for some quick reading, but don't expect any earth-shattering revelations into the state of our society.     