 ELF: BOOK I OF THE ELF CHRONICLES offers a creative and enchanting tale of modern-day elves. Have you ever wondered if those magical fantasy creatures actually lived among us, but we just didn't know it? What if they didn't know it either? That's the captivating premise for N.D. Hansen-Hill's fantasy offering, the first in a series of books that promise to be just as creative and fascinating as this one. Zander, Mac and Quist have always been aware of the bond between them - a bond born out of the knowledge that they were different. When Zander gets attacked by a pack of hungry hellhounds on his way home from work, the three friends become acutely aware of the fact that those differences are about to catch up to them. Between battling fairy-tale creatures, wild hounds, and winged demons, they also have to battle their own fears, and the overwhelming question of their identity. Who are they? And why is their heritage a secret their parents were unwilling to divulge? The premise is absolutely fascinating. Elves living among us, in today's society... it's unreal, and extremely exciting. There is a strong, overriding humorous tone throughout the novel, which adds depth to the characters, and gives a greater intensity to the battle scenes. That same intensity becomes overwhelming at times, however. Every few pages Quist, Mac, Zander and their friends Ben and Zabu are being chased, maimed, or otherwise placed in some kind of deadly danger. I would have preferred a little more character development. One thing that comes to mind is Quist's interaction with the fairy-woman. He kisses her each time they meet, yet it all seems so meaningless, and I was very disappointed that she wasn't fleshed out into a real character, rather than just a shadow of desire for Quist. Having said that, perhaps this is one issue explored in more detail in the sequel. I would recommend ELF to fans of fantasy novels in general. The premise is interesting enough that the book merits a read, and the writing is strong, colorful and consistent throughout.     