 WHAT SHOULD I DO WITH MY LIFE is not a self-help book. It doesn't provide any clear-cut answers, nor does it claim to. Instead, it offers "stories of ordinary people... messy and complicated." If you're looking for a step by step guide to career planning, you won't find it here. However, if you're looking to garner some inspiration from the lives and decisions of others, this book may be just what you need. The stories are organized into eight sections, each dealing with a specific theme. The first section deals with "making the right decision in the absence of experience", and it asks the question: how can you really pick a preference if you've never tried it? Perhaps one of the most important decisions Po Bronson makes is to not only focus on success stories. For example, Jessica Grossman thought she'd always wanted to be a doctor, like her father. But once she became an ob-gyn, she realized she wasn't cut out for it, and couldn't handle the long hours and constant pressure. During her interview, she often broke down and sobbed in the middle of a busy coffee shop. Clearly, Jessica Grossman could not know what being a doctor would entail, until she'd experienced it first hand. The second section deals with the way our social class influences the question of what to do with our lives. The third focuses on resisting temptations that distract from true aspirations. "Failure's hard, but success is much more dangerous," says Mr. Bronson. "If you're successful at the wrong thing, the mix of praise and money and opportunity can lock you in forever." He follows that theme up with section four, which deals with the importance of making the best of a situation, whether it lasts three years or a lifetime. Russel Carpenter, for example, has only had one employer in his thirty-five years, which is highly unusual these days. Yet he loves his job, and has seen no reason to leave NASA for another company. Section five looks at practical people who "dare to look inward, to their own muddled psyche". And section six explores the power of our environment over our career choices. Claude Sidi had wanted to be a marine biologist. He became one, but working on a remote project on the Oregon coast made him realize how much he needed people. He quit and became a dentist in a big city. He snaps pictures of his patients and can tell you the name of their dogs. In short, he loves it. Section seven looks at the way couples handle their dual ambitions, careers, and dreams. And in the final section, Mr. Bronson looks at those who (like many of us) haven't yet figured out their dream jobs, but who are building skills that they might be able to draw upon when the time comes to make their contribution. Written in a warm, almost confidential tone, WHAT SHOULD I DO WITH MY LIFE approaches the stories of ordinary people with an empathy that's hard to find in typical journalist endeavors. Human interest articles often end up being dry and impersonal, yet Po Bronson inserts his own brand of humor and encouragement into each story.  It merits repeating that this book does not offer any answers. Instead, it takes an in-depth look at the struggle between money, prestige, security and power and personal fulfillment. Many stories tell the tales of people who have gone from rags to riches, and then back to rags again. If you're at a point in your life where you find yourself wondering whether you were meant to do more, or if you're contemplating quitting your job and making a bold career move, the stories in this book should inspire you to decide upon the course of action that's best for you.     