 Hostage situations are typically, by their very nature, short and intense. So how do you write an entire book about a hostage situation without making it lose some of that same intensity? Well, there are two major rules: you have to make it believable, and you have to draw it out over a period of time longer than what's typically expected. Ann Patchett manages to accomplish both these things in her unique and remarkable novel.  When a birthday party for a wealthy Japanese businessman is thrown in his honor in a small, South American country, the situation raises some eyebrows. Why this country? Why is this man even attending? And why is it being held at the vice-president's house, when the presidential palace would have been so much more appropriate? But the answers to these questions don't really seem to matter. The bait has been set - Roxane Coss, arguably the world's most talented opera singer is going to be at the party, and she draws together and interesting and very different group of people. Those same people have no idea that they're about to get to know each other intimately, brought together under difficult and terrifying circumstances. When terrorists break into the party and take everyone hostage, the situation seems dire, and well - it is. But this story isn't so much about hostages and terrorists as it is about the redeeming and overwhelming power of music, and the strength of the human soul. The barriers come down between terrorists and hostages, and the differences between them become blurred. Patchett's characterization is expertly done in such a way as to draw the reader into the story, and make him / her feel for each one of the characters. There are no clear cut "bad guys" and "good guys" here. Instead, this is a story filled with real people, with real problems, feelings, and a depth of emotion readers will be hard-pressed to find elsewhere. If you're looking for a deeply emotional novel with real insight into the human condition, look no further than BEL CANTO.     