 Yoga Kennt Kein Alter (Yoga Does Not Know Age) is available on Germany Amazon. Here is a review of the book, by Christine Endris, translated from German to English.   Yoga does not know age-healthy and self-confidently in the second life half. By Suza Francina. Foreword by BKS Iyengar.    ' Yoga does not know age ' to read and the photos look at is called to be confronted with 335 sides encouragement and joy of life. The authoress Suza Francina living in California demonstrates in her book very plausibly that only a ganzheitliche proceeding can keep humans healthy. The Yoga with its body -, distinguished possibilities of the implementation offers breath and relaxation exercises, to its conception of the Goettlichen in humans, clouded by no Dogmatik, for all needs. ' no more subpopulation profits from the Yoga than humans over 50.  The timeless wisdom of the Yoga, the knowledge around the large perspectives for bodies, spirit and soul accompany with the increasing experience and mature humans.'   Suza Francina informs predominantly older humans in the tradition of the large Yogalehrers B.K.S. Iyengar since over 20 years. In conscious, careful and nevertheless demanding motion it leads humans perhaps already gotten sick to exercises, which put it up again, movementable and pain-free makes. Many their Yogaschueler(innen) came only with 60 or 70 years to instruction, Suza Francina encourage them to in-permit themselves on the exercises and exceed own borders. Who practices regularly to Yoga, strengthens the physical body, breathes more deeply and eases consciously. Vitalitaet and joy of life increase completely automatically. Of it this book reports. The authoress sits down vehement against the automatism of age - illness - a purge.   In interviews and many auto+biographic contributions of women and men beyond the 60 amazing and touching fates are presented, fates, which were mastered by own. (black-and-white) the photographies show that it is really possible. - all Yogauebungen described in the execution and in its effect, the employment of aids is well represented in the photos. Warning references with existing illnesses are comprehensively present, it however by the authoress and in the biographic contributions are expressly encouraged to continue into more demanding positions after the feeling for the own borders and abilities was developed.   Individual chapters are concerned - among other things. - with the feet and knees, the Rueckwaertsbeugen, with Yogauebungen with Osteoporose and Arthritis, also as prophylaxis, with Yoga in the Menopause and with heart illnesses.   The famous Ornish program for the healing of heart diseases is presented: It assumes that the health of the cardiovascular system covers all aspects of humans, the physical, emotional and mental. To the program belong a with low fat vegetarian nutrition, the smoker curing, body training, handling stress by Yoga, breath exercises, Meditation as well as the formation of groups of supports. Already after one year the examined patients showed clearly the improvement of their symptoms.   - very beautiful texts are located in the chapter for deep relaxation. It makes that radiating optimistic, life-affirming book still more pleasantly that it lets the topic dying flow in a gentle way into this exercise section also. ' side remarks ' enter with the Spiritualitaet of the Yoga, remarkable statements of physicians, philosophers and other intelligent people are quoted. The book ends with important notes for Yogalehrer and practicing and a bilateral text to understand the spinal column. A very recommendable book for all, which would not like to work only - in addition, - on the physical level with older humans. It is suitable also for however-practicing, however it is particularly advisable, at the beginning of own practice to have eine(n) gute(n) Lehrer(in) at the side. A group has still more advantages: it gives often - missed perhaps for a long time - the feeling of security and accept-accepting its, a contact can blocked energies solve, an assistance sets free own creativity for individual solution types. Besides the group encourages to friendship with Gleichgesinnten beyond the lessons. Also of it this book tells.  Christine Endris  Federation of the Yoga Vidya teacher, Germany        