 There is a reason hand-drawn sidescrollers are still being made: there is so much expression in these games that cannot yet be displayed in polygons, and Castlevania: Symphony of the Night is no exception. The characters and backgrounds are very well-drawn, the tunes set the tone well, the controls are top notch, the storyline is great, and the animation is perfect. In addition to be to being quite possibly the best side-scroller ever made, Symphony of the Night's music holds true to the title with well-orchestrated tunes that only a jaded misosymphonist -yes, I made that up- could hate. As the story goes, Dracula rises once every century to terrorize the the innocents of Transylvania. This is where a Belmont usually comes in to thwart Dracula's evil plots and send him back to where he came from. When Dracula dies (albeit temporarily) his castle vanishes with him. This time, however, things are a little different. Only four years after Richter Belmont defeated the Count, Dracula's castle rises again. Maria Rennard, Richter's cousin who helped him defeat Dracula, decides to investigate the castle after her cousin mysteriously disappears. Over 400 years ago, Dracula was betrayed by his son, Alucard, who aided Trevor Belmont in Dracula's defeat along with Grant (a nimble thief) and Sypha (a vampire-hunting sorceress). Now Alucard, who had put himself into what was supposed to be an eternal sleep, has risen again to put an end to his father ... permanently! As Alucard, you fight Dracula's evil minions while exploring the castle and the ground upon which it sits. The castle itself is made up of main halls, a church, a bell tower, a courtyard, and a library, among other things. Under ground are the abandoned mine and the catacombs. Things get even more interesting when or if you get to an upside-down version of the castle, where you face an evil grim reaper in earth "above" the castle, and eventually Vlad himself. What I also like about the game is the way it somewhat portrays the real Vlad Tepes Dracule, with impaled victims in the background and an equally menacing portrait. So is there anything wrong with this game? Ofcourse there is!  While you will get the chance to play as Richter, you'll never be able to play as Maria unless you buy a Japanese Sega Saturn (or an American one with a mod-chip) and Nocturn in the Moonlight.  Konami also screwed Maria when they released Dracula X on Super Nintendo in America. Maria was playable in the Turbo PC-CD version in Japan.     