 'Kay, let's get the bad stuff out of the way first. - First and foremost, I think the dark anit-Hatian humor is taken too far. It's true, I have Hatian aquantances, but I wouldn't support slurs on any nationality, including (but not limited to) Cubans, Hatians, Mexicans, and African-Americans. The Japanese count, but the "Japanese Boy" song isn't really that offensive in my opinion. - Second, there is a really nasty loading time at the beginning of the game. It might be a necessity in order to massively decrease other otherwise necessary loading times every few feet in this massively-mapped video game. I know double-wording is a gramatik (did I spell that right?) error, but what am I supposed to do? - Even with the long loading time at the beginning of the game (get a snack while you wait!), there are still few but noticable short loading times. - I hear you can shoot porn videos and get a "vacuum job" on your "whale". I will comment on those two later when I update my review after experiencing them. - The game leaves plenty of room for improvement.  Now for the positives. + Massive lay-out. It's so big (The map layout), you can actually get lost, despite a helpful map. + Some cool 80's hits, like "Self Control" on the FLASH station, and that song they use in the TV ad (it's played on WAVE, FYI). + Hillarious radio ads. The "Rusty Donuts" one is my favorite so far. + Funny talk-radio stations. + You get to play the bad guy. + Plenty violence. Yes, lot's of blood. Not a lot of guts, though. In an earlier review, I said you couldn't play as a lady. As it turns out, there are codes to play as Candy Sux, Mercedes, and a lot of pedestrians. Oh, you wanted the story? It goes something like this: Some crooks in Liberty City (some ficticous city) decide they don't want to get their already-filthy hands dirty so they use an "old friend" named Tommy Vercetti for a drung transaction in Vice City, Florida. Of course, the transaction goes terribly wrong (name one movie, tv show, or game where it doesn't!). Tommy Vercetti then has to go on some major wild goose-chases to find the cash and the "powdered sugar". As Tommy, you get to meet Lance something-or-other for some of your missions. You also seem to get used by Colonel Cortez, who claims he's trying to help you . . . by having you steal stuff and kill people (oh, what a shock!!).     