 Maybe all the wackiness got to my head, but I think this is the best Japanese animated film, if not the best movie ever. I haven't been watching it much lately, but that could be 'cause I watched it about 5 consecutive times when I first rented it and more than 20 times after I eventually bought it 4 years ago. Hey! How many times have YOU watched a single flick? Seriously though, I have been known to have weird taste so you might not like this film nearly as much as I do. However, if you'd like a movie with the hyper behavior found in Ranma 1/2 and Tenchi Muyo and the blow-everything-up machine clashes of the Gundam series, Project A-ko is your ticket. A-Ko (or Eiko) is a teenage girl with super-human strength and speed. When she transfers to Gravitron High with her friend C-Ko, she runs into an old foe from kindergarten named ...you guessed it... B-Ko. I don't know why the creators of the movie chose an ABC list like this, but that's Japanime for ya. B-Ko wants to fight A-Ko to the finish with C-Ko as the prize. "We'll call it our own superbowl." Things get even weirder when androgynous aliens think C-Ko is their lost princess and want to take her back to their home planet. Now A-Ko has to fight B-Ko's robots and an elite force from outer-space. The English dubbing is not bad, especially for a foreign film. All the characters sound fine and their altered lines still fit the cartoon almost perfectly. Everything up to this point was written for the VHS version of this movie. Now, the Collector's Series DVD is slightly different. I'm sure Amazon.com tells all the extra features but there is something you might want to know: near the end of the movie (when Miss Ayumi steps out of the classroom onto the balcony), there is a slight pause that shouldn't be there. This is trivial and it's probably just the copy I have, but I thought you should know. This is a Dual-Layer Format DVD. It says on the back of the box that the "Layer transition may trigger a slight pause."  One more thing: don't bother using the english subtitles to read words you can't quite make-out. The direct english translation is different from the dubbing.     