 I still can't get over Donatello's line, "What kind of idiot puts his name on a death machine?" when he reads the label on a a broken mouser. That's just great lines and probably the least of this beast. This is old-school material that doesn't quite fit the original comic book as well as the new series does, but still needs to be put on DVD if Mirage Studios or Family Home Entertainment will allow it. First, April and the four turtles clash and then team up with a trio of pointy-eared teenage Neutrenos from Dimension X to fight Krang's stone warriors. Then, in the prequil, the turtles face off against a maniacle scientist determined to destroy every rat in New York, including Splinter. It's a wild ride with the only flaw being that the episodes are in the wrong order. I'm sure FHE did this on purpose. I'm unsure why. The Neutrenos themselves are like radical democrat punks (I'm not insulting the democrats, by the way) and they're pretty interesting: Kala with her Willy Wonka Oompa Loompa (or is it Wizard of Oz Munchkin?) hair-style, Dask with his slick hair wave, and Zack who looks like he's going to break out and sing a John Travolta Grease song any moment. I say they're like democrats because, as quoted by Krang and his stone warriors, they hate war, the refuse to join any army, "and what's worse, they encourage people to have fun." Priceless. The weird thing about this tape is that the two shows contained are in the wrong order and there is no proper indication where the second one ends and the first one begins. I'll tell you. The end of Hot Rodding Teenagers is right after April reads The Tortoise and the Hare (or Hare and Tortoise, depending on who you ask) to the turtles, Leonardo says, "They'll need their rest because tomorrow we're going to find the Shredder and finish him," then sheathes his sword. When you see Splinter resting on the bed, that is actually the prequil, "A thing about rats," and is what happens right after Rocksteady and Bebop get dragged down into a hole by robots in "Heroes in a Half Shell". This should solve any confusion as to why the mousers and Baxter Stockman are mentioned and then later one of the turtles says, "I don't know who Baxter Stockman is..." Okay, I know I'm not suppose to give out excess info on risk of spoiling, but let me just tell of another great line. I burst out laughing when Raphael (he was cheerful back then) mistook the Neutrenos as Shredder's minions: "The Shredder must really be desparate if he's throwing geeks like you at us!" Don't worry. There are plenty of great lines and moments that I have not told you of. Seriously, I really recommend this tape to everyone. Call me a Turtle freak, but it's true! Like I said, priceless.     