 Yes, there are NES games in Animal Crossing, but don't waste your time looking for them. They are the hardest things to find. Besides, there's so much else to do. Animal Crossing is about getting a life, meeting friends, making money, finding/collecting stuff, and participating in special events. You can fish, catch bugs, and donate fossils to the museum after you have sent them to Faraway to be analyzed. You can pick your gender but not your ethnicity. At least you can get a tan on the [insert name here] Island. Yes, there is an island, but you need a Game Boy Advance and a GBA-to-GC linking cable to go there. Using the Game Boy Player won't work. Vibrations? Yes. When you hit a solid object with an ax or shovel, your controller (if working properly and set to rumble) will shake. There is no vibration when you get stung by bees, but that probably would have been overdoing it anyway. Your neighbors range from Dogs to cats to goats to frogs and so on. Their personalities range from sweet and outgoing to snobbish and sometimes 100% pure unadulterated evil. If you ever get find them, the NES games include - but are not limited to - Donkey Kong Jr, Clu Clu Land, Tennis, Balloon Fight, and the ever-elusive Punch-Out!!  You can get Soccer by first going to www.animal-crossing.com and filling out a form, then saying the code you recieve from the website to Nook. So what separates this game from The Sims series besides the animals? Well, for one thing, you only have control of one character per game. Up to four characters can be created and controlled alternately. How it's done: Save & Quit as one character, then start again as another. See? Not the quick switch in The Sims where you are responsible for everyone, but hey, at least you don't have to scrub the toilets your friends and relatives utterly messed up. I would say more, but this is a review, not a complete description. I have the game and recommend it to anyone (female, male, any and all ages) who love to play games but need a break from hard-hitting action video games . . . and Dead Or Alive Xtreme Beach Volleyball. Sorry, that other game is only available on X-Box. PS. To anyone who already played the game and is looking at reviews for research or any other purpose: yes, I am angered by the lack of diverse skin-color for the human characters in the game. Sure, there is diversity among the animals, but what non-human is going to play this game? Oh yeah, those trained chimps and gorrillas you keep hearing about but never find.     