 The game takes place on Zack Island, a remote volcano bought by a character from Dead or Alive 2 & 3 (and maybe 1). On Zack Island, you can play volleyball (duh!), shop for swimsuits, accessories, and other junk; and you can play at the casino at night. Oh yeah, and you can also hop on floating devices at the pool but you can't swim in the pool. You can swim in the ocean (sometimes) but not in the pool . . . and you have no control over how you swim in the ocean.  You earn money for shopping be either playing volleyball, jumping at the pool, or gambling. It's also a good idea to send gifts so you can get swimsuits from other characters that may not be available to your own. Some characters may not respond well, which can sometimes be very frustraiting. Tina is especially stubborn if you're not playing as Lisa.  Personally, I think the casino was a bad idea. Tecmo should have put an arcade in instead where you can play classic Tecmo games like Ninja Gaiden and . . . uh . . . whatever else Tecmo did back in the 8- and 16-bit days. If you prefer casino games like poker, roulette, blackjack, and slots, though, you'll be happier with this part of the game than myself.  The controls are tight. The characters respond well to even the slightest presses in either analog or digital mode. This is in reference to the trigger buttons as there is no analog sensetivity for the control stick or cross-pad.  Overall, I have to say this is the best volleyball game I ever played. Each character has her own personality, the controls are outstanding once you get used to them (GameFaqs.com has guides incase you don't get an instructions manual), and you can add your own music tracks to the game via the X-Box hard drive -- a nice touch if you don't like reggae. Dead or Alive Xtreme Beach Volleyball is a great game even if you don't like the Dead or Alive fighting division of the series.  For anyone who is confused by the M rating and the nudity label, let me explain: If you watch the opening video (the one that starts right after the X-Box display screen when you turn the machine on, before you go to Zack Island), you may notice a questionable piece featuring Christie. Even though it's hard to see Christie...through the shadows, she is obviously naked. That, my friends, is nudity. Whether Helena in her robe is also questionable depends on who you ask. Also, apparently you can make the girls topless if you complete a vacation within 13 minutes. Even skipping all the volleyball, this is easier said than done. It's very taxing on the nerves and can make you feel bitter. I don't recommend trying this. I'm not even sure it works. Just don't try it. Another piece that may have earned the game an M-rating is also in the opening video. It has a playful part with Lei Fang and Hitomi that could be considered homosexual. The very idea that sexual preference could effect a video game's is inappropriate, but apparently existent.  So how does this title compare to Beach Spikers, Outlaw Volleyball, and Summer Heat? I thought Summer Heat was worthless and I hated Outlaw Volleyball, so I won't waste your time with those - not that you couldn't just stop reading this. Where-as SEGA's Beach Spikers is more pick-up-and-play, DOAXBVb has a higher learning curve. There are no player-indicators when you play volleyball, so it's not as easy to catch as in Beach Spikers. Also, the camera in DOAXBVb is somewhat fixed to the side of the net, where-as the view in BS flies around to whatever the game thinks best suits the player (and usually does a damn good job). In the end though, I think DOAXVB gets the better score because of all the extra features. Would this game even be comparible to Beach Spikers without the over-100 swimsuits and accessories? Absolutely not, but that's probably why it has them. Also, DOAXVB does not have an excruciatingly annoying announcer and you can turn the character voices off without sacrificing the sound effects.     