 The Nintendo DS could be a neat little gadget if Nintendo would stop screwing up the controls is every game for it. It seems only Konami knows (Dawn of Sorrow). Do you really need me to talk about the touch-screen when there are thousands of other reviews that are happy to go on and on about it? Didn't think so. I think the touchscreen is almost sensitive enough, but almost doesn't cut it. Be careful with the stylus or you WILL scratch the screen from trying to get a response. This isn't the first hand-held to have a touch-screen; I think that honor goes to Tiger's Game.com, which was black and white and had internet access. I'm not sure what else because I never owned one, but this is not a review of Game.com, it's a review of the NDS. The backlit screen is bright enough until you turn it off, then then it's even darker than the original GBA. Nintendo's problem with the controls is that they treat A as the primary button and B as a secondary, X and Y to be used sparingly. That would be fine if it weren't for the placement of the A and B buttons. The set-up resembles the Super Nintendo controller: A is at the right, B at the bottom, Y at the left, and X at the top. This makes standard platform games with the AB set-up rather awkward and uncomfortable. With racing games, it just makes it painful. Mario Kart DS didn't have to be a bad game... well, not as bad as this anyway. But since the action buttons are so close to the edge of the controller, you have to pretty much squish the base of your thumb and forefinger together if you want on finger on the R trigger, which is vital since you will need to press and hold R a lot if you want to win the harder races. The controls would be much better if B was for accelloration and Y was for brakes, like in Super Mario Kart for Super Nintendo. The people involved in the SNES games must have left or something, because the standard, usually uneditable control set-up on the DS just plain sucks! I got the DS for Super Princess Peach, but if that game is as hard to play because of of awkward controls as Mario Kart DS, I'm selling the unit and the games and looking towards the competator, even if I have to endure loading times and charge the battery every three hours.     