 It's amazing how many times you can beat the dead horse called POP MUSIC, but somehow it's still alive. This isn't just bubble gum pop, this is also a mix of what Debbie Gibson, Michael Jackson, Christina Aguilera, and Britney Spears do best. Track number 1, "Paradise," is a bit of Ricky Martin- (or insert your favorite latin singer's name here) style with some light drums and subtle voices in the backgrounds. "Kiss Me Crazy" is still bubble-gummy, yet it has some bass guitar rock to it. The track's kinda fruity, but at least it sounds good. There there's "Butterflie's Don't Lie," which is more of a slow melody. It's great for slow dancing or as an alternative lulluby -just make sure you program it to be the last song that plays. As you may have guessed "Tu Amor" is also sort of Spanish, but not as well done as Paradise. It's still a decent song though. "Everlasting" is a disco beat of sorts, though of course obsessed disco fans will argue otherwise. I can picture my room with reflected stars revolving around my room while listening to this beat though. "I Think I Love You" is simply an upbeat re-sing of the Partrige Family classic. I think some of the words were changed, but I'm not sure. Anyway, I give it about a nine out of ten. I bought the CD for this song, after all. "Just An Old Boyfriend" is another slow one with drums. It's not my favorite song, but I don't think it's a waste either. "Begging Me" is another tune that almost touches the "dance club" category, but then slips back into what puts this CD in the POP section of a record store. Hey, it's still good. "All Over You" reminds me of "Don't Go Knockin' On My Door" in terms of style. Not the words, but the beat itself. If you haven't heard "Don't Go Knockin' On My Door" by Britney Spears, then I'm sorry, I can't make an acurate description. "You Got Me" (not to be confused with "You Really Got Me Goin'" or "You Really Got Me Now") is pop/rock in its own right. It's not my favorite, but that's just me. I'm listening to this track right now and I'm not really feeling it. The title song, "I'm Not Anybody's Girl," is not the best song is on the disk, but it's still worth listening to. "I'm Gonna Break Your Heart This Time" is so-so. It's got some good beats, but those are few. It's POP in almost every sense. "Intervention Divine" has become my favorite song on the disk (hope I don't get sick of it). It's slightly religious but not that obnoxious* kind you hear on Christian Radio stations, although Kaci does quote some words from "Lord's Prayer" in reference to the chaos in the world today. The background choir mixed with the hard-rock electric guitar strums are what really get me. I said earlier that, "It's really a shame that Amazon.com doesn't have any samples for this song," but that complaint is no longer valid because it seems that all the songs have listenable samples, though by the time you read this, that might have changed again. I hope Amazon continues to keep all the samples because Intervention Divine might be the seller. "Un Paraiso" is the Spanish version of "Paradise." I personally like it and think it fits right in the last track.   *Fans and singers of Christian Pop and Rock, please don't take offense. I simply just don't like that kind of music.     