 If you ever wanted to beat the living daylights out of Mario, Link, Ness, Fox McCloud, and all the other over-rated characters Nintendo refuses to shut-up about, this is your chance. Well, this and the other Smash Bros game for Nintendo 64. Then there's that NES emulation ROM game floating around on the internet... This has to be one of the best fighting games on this system, if the announcer doesn't bother you. For God's sake, Nintendo, why can't you just give people the option of turning voices off?!!!!! The graphics are amazing, the gameplay is releatively simple so you don't have to learn a lot of button combinations, there is a great selection of characters with lots of unlockables, you can earn trophies of past and present Nintendo characters, and the mini-games ... well ... the mini-games kinda suck. At least they're not essential to winning the game. You can play as Mario of course, along with Link, Luigi*, Samus, Princess "Peach Toadstool, Bowser, Yoshi, Donkey Kong, Captain Falcon, Fox McCloud, Ness, the Ice Climbers, Kirby, Pikachu, and Zelda. Yes, Zelda is finally playable on a U.S. Nintendo system, and she can turn into Shiek when you pull down on the control stick and press the B button simultaniously. If you intend to buy this game and want to find out for yourself who else is unlockable, don't read the very last paragraph in this review. Except for in one of the special matches that don't earn you anything, defeating your opponents is not about draining their energy until they are knocked out. You have to send your enemies flying out of the arenas. The more you beat your adversaries around, the easier it becomes to knock them out of the arena. If you want real specifics on the gameplay, look for them at GameFaqs or some other information website. There is a lot of stuff to unlock and it's not easy, so this game won't bore you easilly if it doesn't bore you right away.  Another cool special feature in this game is the ability to alter the view while the game is paused, showing the full 3D power of the game. It gets even better in camera mode.   *Has to be unlocked.  -LAST PARAGRAPH- Other Unlockables: Dr Mario, Falco Lambardi, Gannondorf, Young Link, Pichu, Jiggly-Puff, Mewtwo, Mr Game & Watch, Marth, and Roy. There are a total of 25 playable characters altogether. 26 if you can somehow play as The Hand, which I'm not sure is possible.     