 That's right, folks! This is another beat-up-the-bad-guys-and-save-the-girl video game from the makers of. . . actually Technos made this game. I know next to nothing about Technos. Double Dragon is a game of three distinct trigger actions: jumping, punching, and kicking; and seeing as how the standard NES controller has only two trigger buttons, Tehcnos decided in part 3 (as with the previous games) to make jumping accessible by through pressing the both the punch and kick buttons simultaneously (there is lenience so both buttons do not need to be pressed at the exact same time). From a jump, you can perform one of three attacks as Billy or Jimmy: cyclone spin-kick (A or B), arial kick (left or right and B), or monkey-flip your opponent (left or right and A). When monkey-flipping your opponent, you somersaut over your opponent, grab his/her head or hair, and toss him/her through the air. This is especially fun when fighting on ledges -- just make sure you don't get too close and fall off, yourself.  On the downside, there are no playable females (which seems to bother only myself). You can still fight against a few female thugs though. Another hex is the high level of difficulty that stems from the questionable play-control. For example, the first boss (who somehwat resembles the Jack of Hearts) has a long reach which makes him hard to hit and he often ducks when you try to whack him with your cyclone spin-kick, leaving you open for attack, thanks to a lagging recovery. You also cannot monkey-flip some enemies. As for Chin and Ranzou, these two have slightly different attack methods from the Double Dragons: Chin has a diving Kamikaze head-butt which is activated through jumping towards your an enemy and then pressing A. When your press A or B after jumping, he does some weird air dance that only attacks from one side. His weapon is the iron claw, similar to Vega from Street Fighter. Yagu Ranzou is (in my opinion) the best character. He uses a katana instead of his bare fists and he can use his other weapon 20 times (as opposed to Chin and the Lee brothers who can only use their's five). Ranzou's weapon is the shuriken (or flying ninja star). You can play as Chin and Ranzou only after you have beaten them. Billy and Jimmy's weapons are the nunchukues. Note: in case you buy this game used and without an instruction manual, you need to hold the Select button for two or three seconds during gameplay to activate the options menu for using your weapon and/or changing characters. Have fun.     