 I'll start with the controller, since that is not addressed very often. The Gamecube controller may look funny but it dits rather comfortably in most hands and works well with most games, despite the three buttons less than the competition's. The digital cross-pad is not very comfortable to use, I think, because it's sort of detached from the left handle, making it hard to reach unless you have a long and very jointable thumb.  It's true that the GameCube cannot play music CDs or DVD movies and, I'm not going to deny it, that is a weakness. If you want to watch DVDs, play music CDs, and play video games all in one system, the Gamecube is not for you. There is also minimal support from third parties, hence the long list of games available for the other consoles but not Gamecube. I'm not a sports fan, so the lack of sports titles doesn't bother me. The Gamecube also has no hard drive, and there are no plans to make one. Online play is limited to one or two video games, maybe a smattering more. There aren't too many bloody games on this system, because most third parties don't believe they blong there, and Nintendo's in-house development team is more interested in games not limited to adults.  The strengths of the Gamecube rely on its first-party titles such as Animal Crossing, The Wind Waker, Super Smash Bros Melee, and Metroid Prime.  The Gamecube does have a lot of titles that are mostly aimed at children, but that doesn't make it a "kiddy system" per say. That is, unless you think BloodRayne, MK Deadly Alliance, Eternal Darkness, five Resident Evil titles, Red Faction 2, Blood Omen 2, Hunter The Reckoning, Turok Evolution, BMX XXX (which is uncensored on GameCube), the True Crime games, Dead to Rights, Eternal Darkness, and Hitman 2 are there just so mom or dad or an older sibling can play once in a while. Maybe that doesn't matter to some hardcore gamers since many of these titles are also available on other consoles. I still think this is just a result of jaded game companies who haven't forgotten or forgiven Nintendo for censoring the blood in Mortal Kombat on SNES and the sex in Duke Nukem 64 for Nintendo 64.  The unit is rather small, measuring about 6x6x4" without the GB Player attachment. It's fairly durable and travel-friendly.  The Nintendo GameCube is a video game system, plain and simple, and if you want to know what's avaiable for it, feel free to look for the many Listmanias or "So You'd Like To"s right here at Amazon.com or check the databases at GameFaqs.com.     