 If you read my review of the Red DS Mario Kart bundle pak and think I'm going to just continue to rattle off all the horrible things about the DS, you're wrong. That review was in regards to the connection between the unit and the included game pak. I don't actually own the silver DS, but since it probably acts exactly like the red one, I figured I'd review it anyway. Now let's get started While it's true that the DS is not the first hand-held unit to have a touch-screen, it is the first unit to use the touch feature in combination with a non-touch-screen to bring gaming to a new level. Some titles make good use of this feature (Bust-A-Move DS; Metroid Prime Hunters; Super Princess Peach), some do not (Mario Kart DS), and some simply use the other screen and touch feature as an excuse to be on Nintendo's non-patriarchal-named unit (Castlevania: Dawn of Sorrow). It is said that the Nintendo DS is slightly more powerful than the 64-bit Nintendo 64, which I think is a poor comparison considering the Sony PSP is only slightly less powerful than the 128-bit Sony PlayStation 2, but the Nintendo DS does seem to have more interesting video games that have encouraged originality. I'd stay away from the DS version of Whack-A-Mole if I were you though. I never played it, but I feel uncomfortable recommending a game that has you constantly smacking the touchscreen. The DS also has a more friendly price tag -- at least until Tuesday, April 4th, 2006, and very likely thereafter. The unit is incompatible with past GB games prior to Advance. I haven't tested this because GB cartridges won't fit into the slot. You could try altering your old carts or taking the chips out of their shells, but do you really want to bother? On a side note, the GB Micro does not play non-Advance GB games either, making it ideal only for face-plate customization and easy use of Drill Dozer. The DS is not a bad system; it just has a bad falling with GBA games and most current DS games in the play-control department, given the repositioning of the A and B buttons. Although it's not a total pain using A for jump and B for attack, I still think using Y for attack and B for jump would be much more comfortable. The pearl pink and blue DS's are not sold anymore, except from money-hungry collectors, so if you want one in one of those colors, I suggest you get a regular DS, some white model paint, and acrylic nail polish in your desired color ... and be careful. This will very likely void your warrenty. I forgot to mention some extra features before updating my review: With most if not all DS video games, there is an instant sleep feature. I am not referring to the quicksave features in "Super Princess Peach" and "Castlevanis: Dawn of Sorrow" (which is also awesome, by the way), I'm talking about the DS going on instant standby when you close the unit. Open in back up and you can start right from where you left off ... exactly where you left off. In the immortal words of that hideously annoying radio DJ in Burnout 3: Takedown, "How cool is that?!"  * The quality of a game does not necessarily reflect how well it uses the touchscreen.     