 Don't get me wrong: This is, without a shadow of a doubt, one of the best animated motion pictures I have ever seen -- and this is coming from someone who hates SONY (the publisher of the US release). My only problem with the DVD is that, as far as special features, this is less than bare bones: no deleted scenes, no commentaries, no language selection, no chapter selection menu (you can still skip, though), no subtitles, no Street Fighter video game to play on your PC. At least the VHS has captions for those who have the right televisions. Wait, don't stop reading! That being said, this is still a great purchase if you love action with bits of story. The voice acting (with the possible exception of Ken Masters) is excellent. Ted Richards (Ken) isn't absolutely nauseating, but he sounds like he's reading a storybook to children in a classroom. Okay, back to the positives. I'm not much of an alternative rock fan, but I can still appreciate the music submitted by Alice in Chains and, uh... like I said, I'm not into alternative rock. The instrumentals are okay, but nothing like the video games. As the story goes, M. Bison is hi-tech using monitor cyborgs to search for street fighters he can turn into minions to do his evil biddings. All seventeen fighters from Super Street Fighter 2 TURBO are in this film. However, only Chun-Li, Guile, Ken, Ryu, and Bison have very big parts. Fei Long, Cammy, Vega, Balrog, Sagat, Edmond Honda have much smaller parts, you just briefly see Dhalsim, Thunder Hawk, Blanka, Dee Jay, and Zangief, and you have to look carefully if you want to see Akuma. Note: The M in M Bison stands for Mike, because that is the Japanese name for Balrog the boxer. In Japan, the name Balrog belongs to Vega, the Spanish fighter with the deadly claw. In Japan, M. Bison is called Vega. The name changes were possibly made to avoid lawsuits by former heavyweight championship boxer Mike Tyson. Why they didn't just change Mike Bison's name is beyond me. Perhapse CAPCOM wanted to keep all the original names, and Vega does sort of sound Spanish.     