 After  pulling "DESPERADO" from the bottom of a buried pile of CD's in my closet,  I was reminded that this particular album is one my favorite Pat Martino recordings. In truth, every album Pat has ever made  has a whole lot of fantastic playing but this one  has some real unusual  characteristics. He isn't playing his standard semi-hollow body jazz guitar   but a 12-string electric guitar that produces a somewhat  "grungy" and unique sound, which is perfectly in keeping with the  "bar band" feeling his group gives off. The  only real bop tune  Pat plays is "Oleo". Other than that, he concentrates on five  self-penned tunes showing the influence of the (then, c. 1970 ) fairly  recent modal jazz-rock being played by  Miles Davis.  Compositionally,  "Portrait of Diana" is a really moving ballad; probably the  greatest tune Pat ever wrote. I recommend skipping the first track (  "Blackjack" ), as it's by far the weakest cut. Better to try out  tracks 4-6 to get a flavor of what this album's really about. As for the  playing, Pat's incredibly fluent  and asymmetrical  bop lines ( and they  ALWAYS swing! ) are linked with a very strong feeling for the blues ( of  the jazz variety ) he grew up with in his native Philadelphia, where he had  a reputation as a prodigy during the mid sixties. With Pat's great guitar  playing combined with the garage band spontaneity, "DESPERADO"  will perhaps be of interest  to fans of Charlie Hunter or other  "acid  jazz" musicians. Fans of the "post-Wes" jazz guitar  tradition ( George Benson, Jack Wilkins, et al ) will definitely appreciate  it.  While this album certainly can't compete on an artistic scale with  the very best of say, Wes Montgomery or John McLaughlin ( to name two of  the preeminent MUSICIANS who happen to be guitarists ), it is nonetheless  the product of a very talented and dedicated musician operating at a level  way beyond what most of us mere mortals can hope to achieve.  P.S.  If  you like "DESPERADO", I'd also recommend  Pat's playing in  concert ( 1972 ), reissued on "HEAD AND HEART" ( 32 Jazz Records  ). This CD also includes studio recordings from 1974, which amounts to a  bargain as BOTH are included on one CD. This will provide, for those who  want it,  a contrast to the down-and-dirty grunginess of  "DESPERADO".     