 Fyodor Dostoevsky's "The Idiot" is a compelling mixture of extremely well-drawn characterizations as well as an adept representation of the author's persistently over-arching world view concerning the "perennial questions" of human existence. The novel's main subject, Prince Myshkin, is a sublime and unforgettable character. I certainly wouldn't dispute Myshkin's centrality in "The Idiot" but here Dostoevsky has fleshed out many more distinctive personalities (  Aglaya, Rogozhin, Lebedev, Ippolit ) than ( if my memory serves me correctly ) in his "Crime and Punishment" ( another masterwork ), which focused  pretty much on Raskolnikov's decaying interior world ( an extension of his "underground man" from the famous "Notes" of 1864 ). To speak of the plot would be irresponsible ( I do recommend reading the main text PRIOR to reading the scholarly introduction by the translator ) but you can be assured that if you have enjoyed  the novels of Thomas Mann ( "Magic Mountain" in particular ), Joseph Conrad or  Nikos Kazantzakis, you will appreciate "The Idiot". Also, it seems fairly obvious that a person who has already read several of Dostoevsky's other works will be interested in this particular novel.  I admit that at first, not having read a 19th century novel for quite a while ( in fact, since "Crime & Punishment" about 10 years ago ), I had to get used to the "salon culture" ( for want of a better term ) and the ( seemingly ) melodramatic exchanges between the characters in their frequent soirees, which appeared,  initially, to be somewhat strained. However, it was instructive for me to meditate on the fact that this was an era ( c.1868 ) without the "benefit" ( ?!? ) of our advanced technological distractions ( radio, television, internet ) and so, if one was NOT to participate in such gatherings, one would be resigned to a life of solitude ( with a capital "S" ). Therefore, such "melodramatic" exchanges seemed less unrealistic than at first I thought. And, as an aside, Dostoevsky was in his early adulthood a frequenter of all sorts of literary  gatherings ( this aspect of his life is superbly revealed in Joseph Frank's multi-volume biography ). Undoubtedly he drew upon his memories of such social circles when writing "The Idiot". In any case, whether it was by bearing these historical points in mind or by naturally adjusting to the author's emotional landscape, I did eventually adjust and felt the dialogue to transform into a compellingly realistic vision, at turns exhilarating and sorrowful ( inevitably, the latter mood prevails ).   My choice of translation was the Alan Myers/OXFORD PRESS version. I noticed that the PENGUIN translation  was about 60-70 pages shorter. I didn't find that either mentioned "abridged" (  or "unabridged" ) but ended up basing my purchase on the OXFORD's ( apparently ) longer version.  Also, the Myers/OXFORD version has a black and white map of St Petersburg  and some helpful notes explaining various obscure references. However, having read the novel only once, I'm obviously not in the position to call this version definitive. I imagine the old Constance Garnett translation has some merit ( she's been in print for some 70 years now and that must say something of her abilities ) and perhaps the acclaimed team of Richard Pevear and Larissa Volakhonsky, who've already translated "C&P", "Demons",  "Karamazov" as well as "Notes from the Underground", will be tackling "The Idiot" in the near future.     