 First off, I should mention that I'm new to the work of George Steiner and this review will perhaps be most helpful to other newcomers. Having spent  the better part of the past 20 years immersing myself in music  ( of  varying types )  I've recently found myself being drawn to the world of  literature. Although by no means ignorant of the basic literary  "classics" ( Bible, Homer, Shakespeare, Dostoevsky, etc ), I make  these prefatory comments only to point out that I am certainly NOT an  exceptionally well-read person and don't wish to imply my thoughts should  count for more than what they are; namely, those of an interested  "common reader". My interest in George Steiner stems from  reading several of his essays. Moved by his graceful and substantive style,  I set out upon his recent "ERRATA", which, although it contains  threads of an autobiographical nature, seems to me to be just a more  personal interweaving of the themes he plays with  in his essays. Steiner,  while an immensely well-read and cultured man ( fluent in at least 5  languages ), displays a knack for a mellifluous prose which neither  condescends for the "benefit" of the less knowledgeable reader  nor imposes a convolution of word jumbling just for the sake of being  clever. He is passionately interested in the "what, how and why"  of life, not just in dusting off a corner of literary history ( though he  certainly would be capable of spinning a monograph on any one of dozens of  literary/philosophical figures from the past 3000 years of human history ).  A palpable humility coupled with a thirst for knowledge and  "transcendence"  shines through "ERRATA". One learns of  the event which proved to be the decisive moment setting Steiner on the  path to teaching-  an all night "study session" in which Steiner,  as an undergraduate at the University of Chicago in the late 1940's, read  and expounded upon Joyce's "The Dead" to an emotionally moved  audience made up of people 5 to 10 years older than him. His 16 page  chapter ( 6 ) on music is, from my perspective as a person obsessed with  music, one of the finest pieces I've ever read on the  "poetics"  of music, whether by musician or non-musician. The following chapter on  language is equally profound. I have no idea what people immersed in  scholarly fields would think of his work. From where I stand, his  perspectives shed light, expand the mind and renew one's commitment to  pursue those aspects of humanity which remains its greatest hope.  I  sincerely hope Mr. Steiner continues to share his thoughts. His profound  and passionate insights, so beautifully imprinted in "ERRATA",   are needed as we live through an era all too often emphasizing media-driven  glamour and technological innovation at the expense of aesthetic and  spiritual substance.     