 Following the breakup of the famed fusion band Weather Report, Wayne Shorter set forth on decade-long musical journey, recording four albums of music which placed more emphasis on tightly controlled "through composition". The last of these albums was "HIGH LIFE" ( 1995 ), in which Shorter ( in addition to playing tenor/soprano saxophone ) wrote, orchestrated and arranged all the compositions ( performed by a small contingent of brass/woodwind/string instruments mixed with the standard "fusion" rhythm section and Rachel Z's synthesized background material ). A certain level of "maximalism" is on display, as Shorter the craftsman meticulously plies his trade:  asymmetrical melodic themes, syncopated electric bass lines and lush impressionistic harmony woven into Marcus Miller's propulsive production style. "HIGH LIFE" is an adventurous blend of mystery and romance, a stroll through an aural carnival ( jazz, pop, classical and "world" music as seen through the funhouse mirror ). Production elements notwithstanding, it would be a mistake to identify the "popular" surface of the music as any concession to the mass market since Shorter's distinctive musical personality ( incredibly consistent over 40 years ) is readily apparent throughout. To be sure, "HIGH LIFE" is not the same type of ensemble effort as the Miles Davis Quintet or Weather Report; it would perhaps be better to think of the music as a kind of "soundtrack in search of a film", its cinematic aesthetic akin to the nocturnal peregrinations of the late Astor Piazzolla ( e.g. "ZERO HOUR" ). While he has recently returned ( "FOOTPRINTS: LIVE!" ) to the acoustic jazz combo format, the "urban contemporary" style of "HIGH LIFE" deserves attention as yet another example of Wayne Shorter's longstanding creativity.  Brief descriptions of the tunes: The opener ( "Children of the Night" ) is a slightly disturbing midnight drive through city streets, its haunting theme and ethereal soprano sax played over heavy "hip-hop" style drumming.  "At the Fair": another foray into Shorter's surreal imaginative world. "Maya" is a bluesy tune of sultry allure. "On the Milky Way Express" is a coruscating sequel to the opening tune. The ominous tone of "Pandora Awakened" is evocative of Shorter's classic album "SPEAK NO EVIL"  ( 1965 ).  "Virgo Rising" features an undulating sensuality influenced by "world" music. "High Life": wearily dissonant romanticism ( similar to Frank Zappa ). "Midnight in Carlotta's Hair": an eerie ride on a Shorter carousel. The brief closing tune ( "Black Swan" ), played by strings with light accompaniment, is a beautiful sequence of Ravelian harmony: a pensive dream hovering between comfort and disquiet.     