 Keith Jarrett's SUN BEAR CONCERTS, a 6 CD box set of solo performances recorded in Japan in 1976, are further proof of this pianists extraordinary talent. In fact, it's hard to know quite where to begin in describing Jarrett, a veritable phenomenon and entirely worthy of that overused epithet, "genius".   In addition to his versatility, evinced in a variety of musical styles & settings over the past 35 years, Keith Jarrett's most noticeable characteristic is the high degree of energy with which he invests his playing: John Coltrane and Ali Akbar Khan are the only other musicians this reviewer is aware of that possess the same degree of sustained ( yet controlled ) intensity. These qualities are especially noticeable in solo performances, where the listener can follow Jarrett's ideas, spun out in a fascinating organic process of ebb and flow.   Needless to say, since his solo concerts start with few or no preconceived themes, there are periods of repetition: vamps, ostinato and ground bass patterns are heard for minutes at a time. However, these moments do not constitute monotony, setting as they do the stage for subsequent flights of fancy. The quicksilver nature of these transitions is wondrous to behold: they run the gamut from tranquility to fury with the entire emotional spectrum between. The joyous jaunting of gospel/blues passages alternate with shimmeringly mysterious "impressionistic" textures.   Jarrett's technique ( nourished from jazz roots in Powell, Tyner, Evans  & Taylor ) is pianism of the highest order: his dexterity is jaw dropping, touch crystalline and tone of colorful and liquid beauty. Yet it is truly technique at the service of expression, as opposed to the "mere virtuosity" of lesser lights.   The five individual "Sun Bear" concerts are named after the cities in which Jarrett was performing, each perfomance being divided into 2 parts of more or less equal duration. Favorites are listed in order of personal preference below:  KYOTO (75 min) OSAKA (72 min) SAPPORO (74 min) NAGOYA (75 min) TOKYO (75 min)  In addition to the aforementioned, there are short encores for three of the concerts.  Mundane notes: the packaging, while sturdy enough, is nothing spectacular. Liner notes are negligible (a minor loss in my opinion). The only drawback is the price; these performances are, to my knowledge, only available as part of the box set under review.  In any case, the SUN BEAR CONCERTS are a stunning achievement and deserve the very highest recommendation.           