 ... Montgomery's brief recording career has often been described as consisting of three phases, each categorized according to the record label he worked with.  1. "Riverside" years ( 1959-1963 ) 2. "Verve" years ( 1964-1966 ) 3. "CTI" years ( 1967-1968 ) Wes' work with "Riverside" ( which is featured  in its entirety in the box set under review ) is rightly acclaimed as the high point of his career, consisting as it does of his playing in straight ahead jazz combos ( quartets/quintets ), organ trios and even towards the end, a "string" date ( somewhat awkwardly titled "FUSION" ) that prefigures his later work . Wes Montgomery was a very consistent artist, so one will not find many mediocre recordings in his oeuvre. Nevertheless, there are particular highpoints:  For sheer excitement, few "Riverside" releases can top the live date ( Berkeley, 1962 ) titled "FULL HOUSE", with a superb backing band ( Miles Davis' working group ) of Wynton Kelley, Paul Chambers,  Jimmy Cobb and the powerful tenor saxophone of Johnny Griffin. Its one drawback? As with the great majority of "Riverside" albums, the lush beauty of Wes' Gibson L-5 was not captured properly. Anyone who knows Wes Montgomery's playing is aware that his tone is absolutely unique; only Kenny Burrell and George Benson come close to that rounded ( almost acoustic ) warmth.  "SO MUCH GUITAR" (1961) features a good mixture of tunes and an interesting group consisting of Hank Jones, Lex Humphries, a young Ron Carter on bass and the congas of the popular sideman Ray Barretto. Wes' unaccompanied version of "While We're Young" is breathtaking. For this reviewer, the all-time greatest music Wes Montgomery ever put to wax is heard on "BOSS GUITAR" ( April 1963 ), cut with hometown friend Mel Rhyne on organ and Jimmy Cobb on drums. What sets this LP apart from the others?  1) Repertoire: It is carefully programmed as a balance of blues + ballads + bop. Two of Wes' best original tunes are here ( "Fried Pies" and "The Trick Bag" ). Some tunes have Latin/Bossa feel ( "Besame Mucho" and "Canadian Sunset" ) while standards such as "Dearly Beloved" and "Days of Wine & Roses" are taken at varying tempos ( the former taken at an incredibly fast clip ).  2) Performance:  Wes was unbelievably "on" for this session, even by his Olympian standards. Some of the melodic lines that come out of his improvisations are impressive enough to be considered "tunes" in themselves. His improv on the ballad titled "For Heavens Sake"  can bring tears to the eye. Also, having an excellent drummer like Jimmy Cobb really helped the music lift off ( what great jazz album has a poor performance by the drummer? ).  3) Sound: The engineering on this album comes closer than most other "Riverside" albums in revealing his beautiful tone. While not as rich as his later "Verve" releases, "BOSS GUITAR" is notable for its sound quality.  It seems a bit churlish to give this deluxe box set less than a 5 star review. My rationale ( and it may not be justifiable ) is that the savvy music fan is able to pick out a number of albums from Wes' overall catalog ( not restricted to "Riverside" releases ) for far less money and still get a better ( if less complete ) view of his artistry. This obviously will not work for those of a "completist" mindset, but the majority may wish to follow the suggested route in building a solid collection of Wes Montgomery's music. This reviewer believes that the previously mentioned albums are quite representative of Wes Montgomery's best work on "Riverside" and while his "Verve" legacy is not as esteemed by hardcore jazz fans, three in particular stand out as excellent:  "IMPRESSIONS" ( esp. the second CD, a 1965 date at the Half Note in NYC with Kelley, Chambers and Cobb ), "THE DYNAMIC DUO" ( with Jimmy Smith on organ ) and "TEQUILA" ( string arrangements by Claus Ogerman; easily the most successful combination of "popular" and "purist" Wes ).     