 This import box set, containing the complete works of Camaron de La Isla,  is excellent and  without doubt essential for all flamenco "aficionados".   Camaron was for many the greatest singer ( cantaor ) in flamenco's  history. There have been of course numerous artists who sang profoundly but  with a repertoire restricted ( "corto" ) to the "essential" gypsy cantes (  "soleares", "seguiriyas", "bulerias", etc ) . An example being Fernanda de  Utrera, Perla de Cadiz, Terremoto de Jerez, El Chocolate. In terms of more  extensive repertoire encompassing the whole gamut of the Cante the  progenitor of "completeness" was Antonio Mairena. But Camaron de La Isla (  born a couple of generations after Mairena ) was unique: no matter what  style of the Cante he was singing, overwhelming passion and involvement was  put into it. Camaron's trademark vocal quality, quintessentially "gitano" (  raspy & cracked; "raja" as they say in Andalucia ),  was combined with  a superior ability to negotiate the melismatic ornamentation of the  flamenco style ( so similar to ancient Jewish and Arabic religious singing  ) with perfect control and intonation.  Camaron de la Isla was the  artistic name of Jose Monje Cruz, born 1951 in the Southern Spanish city of  La Isla de San Fernando, hence the "Isla" part of Camaron's artistic name (  "camaron" itself means "shrimp", a double meaning for the diminutive singer  native to a coastal village ).  I'm not fully acquainted with the details  of his childhood but know that he was considered a prodigy  and was singing  professionally by the time he was 11 or 12 years old. He met the now  legendary guitarist Paco de Lucia ( born Francisco Sanchez Gomez in another  coastal town, Algeciras, in 1947 ) at a fiesta in the mid 1960's. In terms  of pure artistry, Paco de Lucia is Camaron's mirror reflection ( though in  temperament, Camaron was the very emblem of gypsy spontaneity and Paco more  "cerebral" and introverted ): both were revolutionary in their impact on  flamenco music since they burst onto the scene in the late 1960's. Their  recording partnership (  the "con colaboracion" series on the Philips label  ) was started in 1969 and continued at the pace of one recording a year  until 1977, a series of  9 albums, 4 of which are works of pure genius:  "Soy Caminante", "Arte Y Majestad", "Castillo de Arena" and an untitled  album from 1973 ( curiously, on "Rosa Maria" from 1976 Camaron  seems tired and the LP as a whole lacks the magic of the albums mentioned  above ). In 1979 Camaron worked with a savvy modern record producer and his  first record without Paco, "La Leyenda del Tiempo", evinced the influences  of salsa, rock and Indian music. While not in my opinion a huge artistic  success, it did prove to be the template which Camaron used for the  remainder of his recording career and it was overwhelmingly influential in  shaping the new flamenco blossoming throughout Spain in the 1980's. During  that decade Camaron concentrated on the more popular cantes ( "tangos",  "rumba" ) as well as the core gypsy forms. Very often on his recordings he  was accompanied by a group resembling the now famous Paco de Lucia Sextet (  more an Octet or Nonet these days ): electric bass, flute and percussion as  well as the more traditional guitars and "palmas" ( handclaps ) would be  involved in these projects. Sometimes, fairly mediocre sounding synthesized  strings were present for a quasi-orchestral effect. Camaron's main  accompanist for live concerts from 1979 on was the young phenomenon from  Almeria, "Tomatito". Both men shared an almost telepathic  connection when working together ( Tomatito stayed with Camaron till the  end ). As someone who reveres Camaron's LP's from the 1970's, I think some  dimming of concentration and consistency appeared on Camaron's records in  the 1980's; his struggles with drug abuse, well known in Spain, may have  contributed ( an exception is the great album "Como El Agua", 1981,  featuring both Paco and Tomatito on guitars ). However, this is as much as  saying  Frank Sinatra's work in the 1960's was a lesser form of perfection  than his work in the 1950's. Like Sinatra, Camaron remained a great artist  until his death in Barcelona ( July 1992 ) at the age of 41 and ALL of his  work deserves to be heard. This box set features re-mastered versions of  all of Camaron's albums with well-written liner notes ( in Spanish only )  and some great photos. An added bonus is the one CD containing some  previously unheard Camaron. Also,  the nicely produced booklet is  attractive. This set is an appropriately lavish monument to a true  genius. Hopefully more and more people will come to know the work of this  great master of flamenco, the one and only Camaron.     