 "BLOOD MERIDIAN" is a novel of awe-inspiring ferocity, a mythological Western illuminating the choices men make and the consequences of their action and inaction.  The stark and monumental beauty of the landscape is in fact the most noticeable aspect of this work ( I found that having some familiarity with the desert and mountains of New Mexico and Arizona helped me in following McCarthy's brilliant descriptive prose ). Somehow, through a tightly controlled yet rhapsodic style, McCarthy conveys the beauty of the natural surroundings in an objective manner, neither from the perspective of Glanton's nihilistic band of scalphunters ( a poisonous human "organism" taking on the characteristics of the amoral and equally deadly environment they rove through ) nor from apparently any human perspective at all ( I confess I was not aware of the presence of a narrator ). The paradox is that these passages ARE filtered through the lenses of McCarthy's perceptive and, one senses, humane sensibilities.  To me, one of the primary themes the book conveys is what happens with man's divorce from any vestige of citizenship, a separation most definitely not resulting in the wistful Romantic era notion of a "return to nature". The overriding power of the Ancient Greek "tragic vision" of life has been re-born again in "BLOOD MERIDIAN" ( the myth of Pandora's Box comes to mind; also the symbolism of the snake devouring itself ).  The novel's most fascinating and mysterious character is "Judge" Holden, a physical oddity ( 7 foot tall, albino, completely hairless ) and a figure of immense intelligence, creativity and rhetorical eloquence. His persuasive brilliance is "balanced" with proportional reserves of evil ( he is the archetypal destroyer; a child-murderer and perverter of dreams and aspirations ). The judges' kindness is cruelty, his honesty is deception- he is the very emblem of arrogance and resentment. The "Judge" is a character worthy of comparison with the great villians in literature ( Milton's Satan; Dostoevsky's "Grand Inquisitor" ). Previous thoughts notwithstanding, I don't wish to convey the notion that this is a simplistic morality play; McCarthy's ideas are not easily defined and categorized. As with all great works of art, this book contains much more than one can elucidate. Riches of insight abound. "BLOOD MERIDIAN" is a novel to come back to every few years; there is that much substance in it. An excerpt from the writings of the German mystic Jacob Boehme cited at the very beginning of the novel sets the tone perfectly:  "It is not to be thought that the life of darkness is sunk in misery and lost as if in sorrowing. There is no sorrowing. For sorrow is a thing that is swallowed up in death, and death and dying are the very life of the darkness."  I urge others to journey through the bleak beauty of "BLOOD MERIDIAN". It is harrowing but you will be the richer for it.     