 Written by a medical researcher who lived and died (1926-82) in the former USSR, Leonid Tsypkin's brilliant novel is the posthumous fruit of both the authors obsessive interest in Dostoevsky as well as his own (largely unsung) talent, eventually being published as "Summer in Baden-Baden".   Tsypkin's genuine admiration (and sympathy) for his subject is mixed with wry critical barbs, as the fast-paced Faulknerian "bend" of the narrative flows seamlessly between diverging time perspectives: starting with the unspecified (though obviously Soviet, c.1975) "present" of an unnamed narrator (Tsypkin himself) on a wintry train ride from Moscow to St. Petersburg (n Leningrad), the novel shifts to the part-fact/part-fantasy "past", artful renderings of Fyodor Dostoevsky and his young wife (Anna Grigoryevna) traveling in German spa towns during the first years of their union. Vividly descriptive passages reveal the famous writer's volcanic temperament: the breathless desperation of "Fedya's" obsessive gambling, irrational jealousies, stubborn (aesthetic & personal) grudges and paralyzing epileptic fits are contrasted with visionary (artistic/spiritual) ecstasies, giving of alms and tender lovemaking with (and child-like dependence on) his patiently deferential "Anya" (a complex and eccentric personality in her own right).   A caveat: readers unfamiliar with the details of Dostoevsky's life and work will fail to appreciate the richly allusive impact of "Summer in Baden-Baden". There are numerous references to Dostoevsky's real-life past ( literary soire's of early manhood, association with radical intellectuals, his imprisonment by Czarist authorities and subsequent political & spiritual conversion, etc)  as well as re-staged "scenes" (not quotations) from his famous fiction (all the late novels); Tsypkin deploys the symbolic image of the infamous "Crystal Palace" ("Notes From Underground") as a virtual ide fixe. At no point are distinct dividing lines drawn between these passages; fictional characters and real-life persons exist side-by-side. The bizarre "argument" (literal & figurative) Tsypkin stages between Dostoevsky and Turgenev stretches a hundred years later into a scene describing the newly exiled Alexander Solzhenitsyn ("...the man with the hard and penetrating gaze, and two melancholy creases furrowing his forehead ...") and "refusnik" scientist Andrei Sakharov. In a blackly comic sequence, both dissidents are subjected to hostile crudities hurled by the kind of ordinary "Sasha's & Masha's" for which they took their principled stands.   Towards the end of the novel, as narrator (Tyspkin) gets off the train in the blizzard-blown streets of St Petersburg, his visit to an old acquaintance prompts another time-bending passage, the (now past) "present" which has itself a "past", his friend recalling her long-dead relatives and hardships of the Leningrad blockade. This in turn sets the mood for Tsypkin's musing on Dostoevsky's virulent anti-Semitism, the embodiment of paradox when contrasted with the "...man so sensitive in his novels to the sufferings of others, this jealous defender of the insulted and the injured who fervently and even frenetically preached the right to exist of every earthly creature and sang a passionate hymn to each little leaf and every blade of grass ...".  The closing pages are a realistic yet undeniably moving depiction of Dostoevsky's last days of life.  A note about the translation: not speaking Russian, this reviewer is left somewhat helplessly in the unfamiliar waters all readers of translations are fated to tread through- how can one know just how effective a translator is without reading the original language? Nevertheless, my intuitive response is that Roger and Angela Keys should be applauded for their shaping (in English) of a prose style which, not self-consciously but in a wholly natural manner, alternates effortlessly between reality and fantasy.   Finally, the uniquely quirky journey from manuscript to publication, along with many literary details are expounded in Susan Sontag's well-written and informative introduction.       