 Prior to reading Cormac McCarthy's "SUTTREE" ( 1979 ), my only experience with the author was with the now famous "BLOOD MERIDIAN" ( 1985 ). As impressed as I was with the latter's overwhelming power, I was worried that perhaps his earlier writing would suffer in comparison. However, although "BLOOD MERIDIAN" is clearly the superior work ( utilizing a razor sharp, lightning pace and truly spectacular language ) the breadth and easy flow of "SUTTREE" is completely true to its own quirky and original nature. Oddly enough, given the stomach churning violence and triumph (?) of evil portrayed in the other work, McCarthy's "SUTTREE" is actually the more profoundly sad ( and certainly more humorous ) of the two.  It is fair to speculate that this work was special to McCarthy since he was drawing a portrait of the town and era in which he grew up ( Knoxville, Tennessee in the 1950's ).  Others, who are familiar with the work of William Faulkner ( as I am not ) will be better equipped to discuss whether this "southern" novel bears any major resemblance to the late master from Oxford, Mississippi. My "take" on "SUTTREE" can only come ( as is natural ) from my past literary experiences and, perhaps more importantly, my "world view".  Whatever the merit my review has, it at least hasn't been filtered through what others have written ( I'll ponder the ideas of others after I've set down my thoughts here ). My main aim is to give a sense of the novel without tainting ( by going into minutiae or descriptive detail ) that element of joyful surprise which new readers have when starting out "fresh". Needless to say, if one wishes to remain totally unbiased, they should perhaps just take the worth of this novel on faith ( buy it, read it and leave it at that ). For those who have already read the work or are curious enough to read various opinions ( and are unafraid of being "tainted" by them ), they can proceed as they wish. Although stronger and more learned readers will undoubtedly shed more light on the work than I am able to, I hope nonetheless that my thoughts will help others reflect on "SUTTREE" and decide for themselves what it's "all about". After a short and soaring descriptive prelude ( a wasteland grotesquerie ), the novel's namesake Cornelius Suttree is introduced. Appropriately enough, this first glimpse takes place alongside the silent and abused Tennessee River, a Styx-like emblem of eternity running through the mid 20th century "Hades" of Knoxville, where Suttree lives on a rundown houseboat. Suttree's desultory "neutrality" towards existence is mixed with hallucinogenic dreams and flashbacks ( one of the highlights of the novel is Suttree's "vision" in the wilderness, which reminds me of the chapter named "Snow" in Thomas Mann's "MAGIC MOUNTAIN" ). Seemingly going about his life moment to moment amidst his derelict companions, Suttree in fact lives completely in his past, haunted by,  among other things, the memory of his patrician upbringing, his first marriage and a significant  "other" ( which I won't elaborate on ). At times he seems like an Old Testament prophet, full of insight and sublimated rage ( a contemporary Qoheleth ), his thoughts and actions reflecting the weary ruminations of a man trapped in hopelessness. Suttree's spiritual quandary is in recognizing that while others in his Knoxville circle are damned by dint of FATE ( from which specific "explanations" such as social standing, age, intelligence and temperament, all spring ) he himself CHOOSES to live in a kind of purgatory, with the possibility of transcending his lot. As opposed to the mythological archetypes displayed in "BLOOD MERIDIAN", the quirky and entertaining lost souls so sympathetically rendered in "SUTTREE" are all too human. There are several laugh out loud scenes in the book, many focusing on Suttree's oddball friend Gene Harrogate. Though the humor is intertwined with sadness, this aspect of McCarthy's style surprised and delighted me.  "SUTTREE" is a compassionate look at the tragedy and triumph underlying the human drama, a humane glimpse of the "story" in which we all take part. On the basis of the two works I've read, Cormac McCarthy writes with both purpose and artistry. Surely he deserves the reputation he has as a modern literary master.     