 It's been almost 20 years since I've listened intensively to rock music; consequently, there is a two-decade gap in my knowledge and experience of the bands and various trends that have gone by in the age of music videos. In fact, until a week ago I had never heard Metallica at all ( I had heard OF them but hadn't recognized their music as such ). So, diehard fans of the band ought to understand this is a review from an ultra-neophyte in matters Metallica. At the urging of my cousin, I gave "And Justice for All" a listen and was floored. This is music of phenomenal energy and considerable complexity; the rhythm section's "stop and start" syncopation, lengthy tunes, shifting tempos and moods, the crazy and inventive guitar riffs, the intelligent ( if angry ) lyrics; I've got to tip my hat to the band- this is highly original music of an almost manic intensity ( energy that is nonetheless tightly controlled through musicianship ). All of the 9 songs are interesting, not a dud in the bunch. I consider this work in the same category as Led Zeppelin's "Presence" in terms of a high quality hard rock album. Having given "And Justice for All" about half a dozen enthusiastic listenings over a 5 day period, I eagerly sought out another Metallica album. This time I bought the "black" album released in 1991. I've listened to this album all the way through and I'm having a very hard time believing this is the same band that cut "And Justice for All". I find the "black" album to be a highly over-produced affair ( very irritating drum reverb ), abounding in monotonous medium tempo grooves ( the polar opposite of the creative complexity of their 1988 album ) and to top it off, more clich ridden songs; quite a disappointment. If this had been the first Metallica album I had heard it is highly unlikely I would have ever given them another listen. I don't know when I'll buy another Metallica album, but based on recent investigation my aesthetic preference is firmly for the albums released in the 1980's. As for their recent efforts, I can only hope they surpass the paltry display of the "black" album ( they obviously have the talent to do so ).     