 Agustin Castellon Campos (born 1912 in Pamplona, Spain and died New York City , 1990). "Sabicas", is a nickname he received because, as a child, he mispronounced the Spanish word for beans ( "habas" ) as "sabas". Sabicas was the first real international "concert" flamenco guitar virtuoso. Oddly enough, he grew up in the "unflamenco" north of Spain ( the Andalucia region of southern Spain is the flamenco "motherland" ) and was apparently self taught, progressing at an amazing rate and playing in public when he was 11 years old. Although the details of his early professional life are a mystery to me, I know he accompanied many singers and was praised by the legendary pioneer of the flamenco guitar, Don Ramon Montoya ( not Carlos Montoya, a comparatively inferior player, however well known in the USA ). He left Spain in 1937, shortly after the Civil War started and lived in South America and Mexico for the following 20 years, touring with the dance troupe led by the great dancer Carmen Amaya, performing concerts and teaching. In the mid 1950's he moved to New York City and with the renowned impresario Sol Hurok's help, quickly established himself as a popular and exciting concert guitarist in the United States. A quintessential gypsy "flamenco", Sabicas was renowned for staying up through the wee hours of the morning ( drinking countless cups of coffee and chain smoking all the while ), dazzling aficionado's lucky enough to attend the private fiestas he participated in over the years. He continued to concertize for the remainder of his life, returning to wide acclaim in Spain in 1967 ( he visited Spain regularly thereafter ) and was honored at a large gathering in New York City by many major flamenco artists in 1989, one year before his death. "Flamenco Puro" ( 1961 ) is Sabicas' single most famous album, a recording that was a revelation for many in Spain who had only heard of this legend, since he had been out of the country for decades at the time of its release. The qualities which were unique to Sabicas ( especially in the early 1960's ) are easily recognizable: his lightning scale runs ("picado" ) executed with the index and middle fingers, the rhythmic drive and precision in following the pulse ( "compas" ) common to the various flamenco forms, the sheer ferocity of his attack in thunderous "rasgueados" and "alzapua" ( flamenco strumming styles ) . This level of technical mastery was of a unique transcendent quality and paved the way for Paco de Lucia and Manolo Sanlucar, the two premier concert flamenco guitarists from the generation following Sabicas'.  Sabicas' own favorite guitarist was the classical maestro Andres Segovia. There is a certain "classical" sensibility to Sabicas' solo arrangements, many of which were hardly varied on record for decade. A superb sense of balance and counterpoint combined with the aforementioned technical mastery may prove appealing to classical guitar enthusiasts as well as flamenco aficionados investigating an older but highly influential style of playing.     