 Born July 22,1954 in New Jersey, Al Di Meola has been one of the world's most acclaimed guitarists for the past 30 years, and with good reason; adept on both electric & acoustic (especially gifted on latter), he has a sound and approach that is unique and instantly recognizable ( easily distinguished from formative influences such as George Benson and Larry Coryell ), rooted above all in his love of Latin rhythms (rendered with extreme precision) and lively feel for the clave-tinged "swing" common to the idiom. On a melodic plane, Al Di Meola's Italian roots are heard through characteristic aspects of his style:  a variety of portamenti slides, pizzicato (EG, right-hand palm muting) and mandolin-like tremolo are deployed throughout his solos. Indeed, a veritable aura of Mediterranean lyricism can be found in practically all of the tunes he has penned over the past 3 decades. And yes, as has often been noted, Di Meola possesses a formidable technique; allied to his superb sense of rhythm are blisteringly fast single-note runs, precise cross-picking arpeggios (wide-spaced intervallic patterns) and fluid ( flamenco-influenced ) strumming. It is little wonder that John McLaughlin & Paco de Lucia chose him to fill out their Trio; only a handful of guitarists in the world could have gotten on stage with John & Paco, and really, none could have fit so well into the Spanish-tinged atmosphere so emblematic of that now legendary triumvirate.   Compositionally, the foremost influence on the Di Meola is without doubt the great jazz pianist Chick Corea, in whose fusion group "Return to Forever" the young guitarist was first brought to prominence (1974-76). Working under Corea was the best possible education Di Meola could have had, for in addition to absorbing elements of his leaders deep knowledge of jazz ( and classical ) harmony/form, Di Meola encountered someone whose love of Spanish and Latin music matched his own. Simply put, Chick Corea's "mentorship" cannot be overstated: rehearsing/touring/recording with Corea and virtuoso musicians such as RTF bandmates Stanley Clarke and Lenny White, helped refine aspects of Di Meola's style and set the (musical) bar very high indeed for his subsequent ventures, the first of which were albums such as "ELEGANT GYPSY" (1977) and "CASINO" (1978).   It is from this early period ( Columbia Records, 1976-83 ), that the material on ESSENCE OF AL DIMEOLA is taken. Quite rare for a "best of" album, this concise compilation has a perfectly accurate title; the 9 featured tracks do indeed constitute the "essence" of Di Meola's music from the time.   The CD features-  "Egyptian Danza" ( an exciting if somewhat corny tune )  "Mata Hari" ( interesting blend of "symphonic" synthesizers and various stringed instruments such as mandocello )   "Electric Rendezvous" ( tightly knit and in places, aggressive; features Jan Hammer on keyboards )  "Mediterranean Sundance" and "Passion, Grace & Fire" ( two stunningly beautiful and virtuosic duets with flamenco guitarist Paco de Lucia )   "Race with Devil on Spanish Highway" (well-known cut from ELEGANT GYPSY )   "Senor Mouse" ( a version of Chick Corea's composition *without* Chick)   "Dark Eye Tango" ( Santana-influenced Latin piece )  "Two to Tango" ( Di Meola's composition- a duet *with* Chick )   A newcomer to Al Di Meola's early period can do no better than to purchase this CD, moving on to a few different ones ( original & compilation ) if he finds the music enjoyable. In such a case, I would recommend purchasing-  1) Another compilation, titled "AL DIMEOLA: THIS IS JAZZ (#31)". Although 1 track is a duplicate on the CD currently under review, it continues the survey of DiMeola's Columbia period and includes: 	  "Fantasia Suite", an exciting acoustic composition with flamenco overtones   Two other pieces featuring Chick Corea ( "Short Tales of the Black Forest" & "Silent Story in Her Eyes" )   "Spanish Eyes", an oldie on which Al is joined by the legendary Les Paul   "African Night", an atmospheric piece from the unjustly neglected album "SCENARIO" (1983).    2) One of the acoustic "Trio" albums with John McLaughlin & Paco de Lucia:   FRIDAY NIGHT in SAN FRANCISCO (1981) has longer, incendiary episodes appropriate to the live atmosphere (some duets/some trios ) while PASSION, GRACE & FIRE (1983) is a studio recording featuring a tighter group of quite beautiful compositions ( all trio ) which integrate ferocious passages from each of the virtuosos ( n.b. the later "GUITAR TRIO" from 1996 is wonderful, but belongs to a different stylistic period ).  ***  A caveat: the listener should bear in mind that the material DiMeola recorded in his early days is far from his most creative efforts. He has continued to grow as an artist, in terms of melodic invention, improvisation, harmonic sophistication and compositional structure. Therefore, while many critics associate the guitarist exclusively with his early years, richer musical rewards can be found through exploring DiMeola's post-Columbia catalogue:  "AL DiMEOLA REVISITED" is an excellent compilation taken from his 3 albums recorded 1985-87. Beautiful, mostly acoustic compositions ( "Cielo e Terra", with Airto Moreira on percussion, is masterful ), some notably under the influence of Pat Metheny ( lighter orchestration & use of guitar synthesizers ).  There are also a couple of fiery electric tunes ( "Bejing Demons" & "Song to the Pharoah Kings" ), which nonetheless bear witness to a more mature appoach.   Two albums DiMeola recorded in the early 1990's ( "WORLD SINFONIA" & "HEART OF THE IMMIGRANTS" ) bear the stamp of Astor Piazzolla's highly original and vibrant "tango nuevo". The late Argentinean genius spurred Di Meola to some of his most sophisticated and impassioned playing (to this day, Piazzolla remains a primary source of inspiration ).   The recent "FLESH ON FLESH" (2002) is an impressive recording assimilating various aspects of the aforementioned periods; the compositions are quite well-written (organic) and exciting (Gonzalo Rubalcaba joins on electric piano). There is a surprise in the form of the closing tune, a funky remake of "Senor Mouse" ( nice to hear Al in this jam-style setting ).       