 This box set, a Spanish import with the title "Caja Primera Epoca", refers to the first three solo albums Paco de Lucia recorded. Given that Paco is recognized as one of most gifted guitarists ( I would use the term "musician" ) in history, it pretty much goes without saying that these albums should be rewarding for all fans of the guitar and essential for flamenco aficionados.  It is perhaps helpful to note that Paco de Lucia was only 19 years old when he recorded "LA FABULOSA GUITARRA" in 1967. This album, as others have commented, showed the influence of the legendary Sabicas. Nonetheless, even at this early stage, Paco's facility on the flamenco guitar is without parallel. The ferocity and precision of his attack coupled with his unique artistic temperament ( equal parts "Dionysian" & "Apollonian" ) is breathtaking. Examples from this album would be "Llanto a Cadiz" ( "tientos"  ), "Recuerdo a Patino" ( "alegrias" ) and "Viva La Union" ( "tarantos" ). One could legitimately characterize these early recordings "primitive" compared to what Paco would accomplish later, but they do contain the seeds of what would seem his innate compositional ability.  "FANTASIA FLAMENCA" from 2 years later shows Paco has grown even further in technical command of the instrument, surpassing even Sabicas. This album exhibits less of a raw power than its predecessor and consequently is of less interest to me, even though Paco had made technical and compositional advances. His "El Tempul" in the "buleria" form, has variations  ( "falsetas" ) that guitarists from around the world copied for decades. Also: Paco interprets two light pieces composed by the witty guitarist Esteban Sanlucar ( "Panaderos Flamencos" & "Mantilla de Feria" ). They are fun tunes, more generically Spanish in content ( as opposed to real flamenco ).    "EL DUENDE FLAMENCO" (1972) shows Paco just about completely formed as a musician with an original style ( "proprio sello" as the flamencos might say ). For a superb analysis of the groundbreaking nature of this recording see AMAZON reviewer L.Kevin Coleman's review ( the album in its domestic form under the same title ). Four pieces have Paco accompanied by orchestra ( much more effectively than other orchestral "encounters" with flamenco guitar ). Five pieces are solos in the standard flamenco forms and one piece, "Punta del Faro", is a "buleria" with Paco accompanied in the "jaleo" fiesta manner ( handclaps and shouts of encouragement ). This "buleria" set the template for the majority of Paco's successive recorded versions of the "bulerias" ( much more excitement and authenticity than playing alone ). It is sufficient to note that by this time in 1972, the 24 year old Paco de Lucia was clearly acknowledged ( by a majority of the flamenco culture and the "aficionado's" around the world )  as the world's premier flamenco guitarist, a position he has yet to relinquish in the intervening 30 years.  This set, at a great price, offers 3 digitally remastered recordings ( better sound than domestic versions ), color photos and liner notes ( Spanish only ). Two other highly recommended box sets in this series are "Caja Segunda Epoca" ( covering 1973-81 )  and "Caja Tercera Epoca" ( covering 1981-1990 ). And, to investigate Paco's skill at accompaniment ( still the primary focus for all true flamenco guitarists ) I recommend the recordings of the late and great flamenco singer Camaron de La Isla, in particular the box set of his complete recordings ( digitally remastered in a deluxe box ) Paco is featured on some dozen or more albums, most of which are great musical achievements.     