 As far as I'm concerned, there is no one recording cycle that completely  satisfies. However, I'd have to give the nod to the Arditti Quartet if for  no other reason than this Julliard recording contains a vastly inferior  interpretation of the 1st Quartet. Since that work is the key to getting  inside of Elliott Carter's sound world ( I suppose one could argue for the  Cello Sonata or Etudes for Woodwind Quartet ), it is crucial that a  newcomer be introduced to a recording that does that particular piece  justice. This is not the recording to do it. Coming from my experience with  the Arditti and Composers Quartet versions, the 1993 Julliard is taken at  too slow a tempo; the music seems bloated or bogged down and loses my  attention. I'm not saying a newcomer couldn't possibly enjoy the  performance; I just think the Arditti presents the music in a far better  light. And I WOULD be surprised if those with prior experience with Carter  prefer the 1994 Julliard interpretation of the 1st Quartet over the others  previously recorded. The Julliard's 2nd and 3rd Quartets are much more to  my liking. However, they are completely blown away by their prior ( LP )  recordings of the same works in 1974 ( world premiere for the 3rd ), which  are electrifying! I hope SONY considers releasing those recordings on CD at  some point in the future.  RE the 4th; I've never warmed to this piece so  I can't really say which ensemble takes pride of place. The Julliard  haven't included the 5th Quartet ( 1995 ) since these sessions took place  prior to Carter's completion of that work. The Arditti HAVE recorded it  (Montaigne), making theirs the only complete cycle of Carter quartets  available. Their 2nd & 3rd, although differing quite a bit in approach,  don't seem MORE convincing than the 1993 Julliard ( the 1974 Julliard is,  as I've implied, a world apart ).  Elliott Carter, for me, has composed  the finest string quartet cycle since Bartok ( Brian Ferneyhough may be the  next link in the  "quartet chain" ). I urge people with a love  for adventurous, well structured and moving music to check ALL of his work  out. Currently 91 years old, he's certainly one of the most consistent  composers in terms of the sheer quality of invention displayed piece after  piece for the last half century. Nearly every one of his works since 1950  is either of ground-breaking importance ( Quartets, Double Concerto, Night  Fantasies, Symphonia ) or at least of great interest ( Variations for Orch,  A Mirror on Which to Dwell, Brass Quintet, numerous solo pieces ). I'd  recommend starting with the Piano or Cello Sonatas ( mid/late 1940's ) if  you still don't feel comfortable with composers working in a  "serial" or quasi-serial vein but like Bartok and Stravinsky ( c.  1910-1930 ).     