 Paco de Lucia was 28 years of age and already clearly acknowledged as the world's premier flamenco guitarist ( a position he has yet to relinquish ) when in 1976 he recorded "ALMORAIMA", a work that pays unprecedented ( in flamenco music ) attention to production values while displaying a number of other unique characteristics.  Building on the instrumentation displayed on "Entre Dos Aguas" (1973), Paco employs the electric bass and congas on portions of almost all the compositions. He overdubs a nylon string "oud" ( Arabic lute ) on several cuts. A mixed choir ( male & female ) sings choruses on the intro and fadeout of the song dedicated to the great singer La Perla de Cadiz.  The points made thus far pertain to the arrangements. However, the compositions themselves are much more sophisticated than any Paco had written up to that time; in terms of melodic invention ( very high throughout ), rhythmic syncopation and compositional ( structural ) "balance" ( opening, middle and closing sections ).  Some of Paco's greatest tunes are featured, many of which he plays on his tours to this day. "Rio Ancho" ( another famous "rumba" ) is an anthem of freedom, its propulsive ( bossa nova style ) syncopations all but forcing your body to move.  "Almoraima" ( the "bulerias" that opens the album ) by contrast has a notable Moorish ( North African ) influence in its melodic contour as well as in its use of the oud.   Paco's revolutionary impact is also felt in his complete ( and very unorthodox ) reconstruction of the "sevillanas", a light form of flamenco ( some do not consider it flamenco at all ). "El Cobre" is divided in the traditional manner into four short contrasting parts using unusual chord progressions and angular flashes of melody; the result is a uniquely "weighty" rendition of the "sevillanas". The album closes with "Llanos del Real", played within the mournful flamenco form known as the "minera" ( the term used in traditional relationship to the men who worked in the ancient silver mines of Southeastern Spain ). "Llanos del real" is also an effective "mirror image" of the Arabic influence implied in the name ( and music ) of the album's title track. It's hard to ignore what seems an evocation of the despair felt by the Moorish aristocracy retreating from their former kingdom back to North Africa along the "royal plains" near the Almeria province. "ALMORAIMA" was a landmark event; its impact and influence on the flamenco culture has been monumental ( it stands, along with "LUZIA",  as Paco's finest recording to date). It should also be stated that the album holds its own simply as great music, regardless of its specific place in flamenco.  Paco de Lucia ( certainly flamenco's most prominent "world ambassador" ) is a musician of rare talent, one worthy of the ( admittedly over-used ) term, "genius".  The most basic, earthy and truly "flamenco" explanation of Paco's gifts would simply point out that he possesses an abundance of "duende"; the ability to summon up the profound and seemingly inexpressible and communicate it to others ( the exact moment of "contact" summed up in "Ol!" ). There are quite a few moments of Paco's "duende" heard on "ALMORAIMA ", which is unreservedly recommended to all lovers of great music.     