 CHRONICLES, the primary print exponent of traditional ( old, or "paleo" ) conservatism, has continued to maintain high standards in its ongoing coverage of Western cultural and civilizational decline.  Lead by its editor, Thomas Fleming, CHRONICLES features a unique roster of writers, some connected with academia, others submitting essays as freelancers. Articles are ( for the most part ) well-written, informative and intelligently argued; one does not discern any evidence of pandering to the lowest common denominator or of engagement in the sort of infantile antics all too characteristic of such magazines as ( the sorely degraded ) NATIONAL REVIEW.  Some personal favorites in CHRONICLES: George McCartney's superb ( often humorous ) movie reviews, Chilton Williamson Jr's "Hundredth Meridian" column ( vignettes from the rural western states ),  Paul Gottfried's insightful commentaries on the European scene, Srdja Trifkovic's meticulous political analyses and Fleming's frequently ferocious fulminations.  For those who aren't aware, conservatism was not always cognate with GOP/big business/world empire; CHRONICLES, along with THE AMERICAN CONSERVATIVE, have been scathingly critical of the Bush administration and its unconstrained ( delusional ) promotion of democracy via the "war on terror", both in Iraq and through various "spontaneous" ( i.e., artificially fomented ) manifestations of "freedom" around the globe ( N.B., those on the Left should meditate on the fact that progressive forbears such as Woodrow Wilson fostered this national lurch into missionary ideology ). However, as well-covered as the political world is in CHRONICLES, the magazine's unique "voice" is perhaps best demonstrated through the fact that its focus is not unduly weighted towards that dreary and quotidian realm- indeed, it is the express purpose of this "magazine of American culture" to bring its analytical lenses to bear on cultural specifics, those stubborn particularities which ultimately trump ( as well as influence ) the political forms by which we are governed.    The sad and lamentable state of our culture as relayed by CHRONICLES does much to quell such halcyon notions as the idea of ( inevitable ) progress, the glowing future and ( non-divinized ) brotherhood of man.  CHRONICLES is not, to understate the matter, a journal that exudes an abundance of sweetness and light; understandably so, since its main message can be summarized as "the world is going to hell in a hand basket".  The relentless shouting from the rooftops tends at times to grate, and not just on those, by dint of antithetical worldviews, one would expect to react in such a fashion. In fact, this is the area in which CHRONICLES merits a certain amount of criticism. Since the notion of "fallen mankind" has been around for thousands of years ( given its particularly relevant formulation by St Augustine  in "The City of God" ), it begs the question of what exactly the contributors hope to accomplish through their incessant Jeremiads; if it is to embrace the prophetic mantle ( implying a necessary rectitude and piety ) and convey the message of repentance and belief in Christ, is this merely preaching to the choir of its established readership? If, on the other hand, CHRONICLES actually intends to reach out beyond a remnant, how effective can its aggressive and often bitterly vituperative tone be? Mind you, this is not to engage in the gainsay notion that conservatives are "intolerant"; for goodness' sake, how ( in real terms ) "tolerant" is THE NATION or NEW YORK REVIEW OF BOOKS? Ultimately, the point this reviewer ( a subscriber for some years ) is making is that, as sympathetic as I am with its *diagnosis*, the actual *prescription* CHRONICLES dispenses often wants for a modicum of Christian charity. In such moments of frustration one should perhaps veer away from this undoubtedly insightful source and take the higher road: read some choruses from T.S. Eliot's "The Rock", a passage from "Brothers Karamazov", above all- pray / fast / give alms. Some "projects" of which Thomas Fleming would no doubt approve.           