 "NICE N EASY" is yet another of the masterpieces from the  Capitol era, recorded in early March of 1960 during  the same period of  time that Sinatra was working at the Sands Hotel in Las Vegas with Dean  Martin, Sammy Davis Jr, Peter Lawford and Joey Bishop (the filming of  "Ocean's 11" was also occurring).  NICE N EASY was made as part  of the ( not so happy ) contractual agreement that Sinatra made with  Capitol in exchange for leaving that company and starting his own ( Reprise  ). However strained the relations between artist and company may have been,  the results in this case were sublime. Although the title track ( and  indeed the title of the album itself ) were apparently late changes ( the  original title and song, "The Nearness of You", was dropped from  the 1960 LP release but the song has been restored to the CD release ), the  laid back swing is actually an effective prelude to the collection of  standards from the golden era of songwriters. In effect, the title tune  invites you to take a seat on the coach, preferably while drinking a nice  glass of red wine ( with any luck,  sharing this experience with another  person ) . The overall mood is  relaxed and romantic, unlike the  "suicide" ( Sinatra's terminology ) lps  "ONLY THE  LONELY" and "IN THE WEE SMALL HOURS". But take note;  Sinatra's version of "relaxed", in a version of a song like  "You Go to My Head" or "Fools Rush In", is an  overwhelming emotional experience! Many have gone on and on describing  Sinatra's musical talent: his habit of emphasizing and prolonging certain  words ( dynamics and rubato ) in a surprising and dramatically effective  manner. His uncanny rhythmic sense ( recognized by many of the world's  greatest jazz musicians ). His ability to live the lyric and seem to speak  personally to each and every listener. Lastly, the sheer quality of his  voice, particularly from the "Capitol Years"- that happy  combination of the still strong, middle-aged vocal cords coupled with the  gains in maturity and wisdom ( in life as much as music ).  But another  point about Sinatra's success needs to be re-emphasized. That is the  crucial role played by his musical "partners". His best arranger,  Nelson Riddle, has on NICE N EASY written another group of arrangements  that can be described in no other manner than as works of genius. It would  be misplaced and ludicrous to point out Nelson didn't write concertos or  other "extended" classical  forms-  the man worked in the popular  music world  which at that time ( 1950's and early 60's ) still had strong  ties to jazz and big band traditions. These traditions produced musicians  of such high quality that many could easily have pursued careers as members  of classical orchestras, chamber music groups or as  "concert"  soloists in their own right. In fact, you will hear many of  these great  musicians ( whose contribution to the Sinatra legacy should never be  forgotten ) gracing the albums Sinatra cut during the Capitol and early  Reprise eras.  Nelson Riddle received some training from classical  composers and played trombone in big bands while learning the arranging  craft from the ground up. His ability to mix complex and subtle nuances of  instrumental "shading" shows the strong influence ( which he  freely admitted to ) of the French master composer Claude Debussy ( listen  to "La Mer" or  "Nocturnes" ) . The sensuous refinement  and attention to detail Nelson Riddle displays in his arrangements for  Sinatra's Capitol albums stand as monuments of the greatest partnership  popular music has produced. A few examples from "NICE N EASY"-  the simple yet achingly effective arpeggiated pattern doubled by the harp  and celesta in "Fools Rush In" or his trademark deployment of  bass trombone ( "How Deep is the Ocean?" ).  One could go on and  on ( Charles Granata's recent book, "SESSIONS WITH SINATRA", is  fantastic in describing Sinatra's achievements ). Sinatra and Riddle were  the perfect match. Their artistry will no doubt continue to inspire people  for a long, long time to come.  Needless to say, I  highly recommend all  of the Sinatra-Riddle Capitol work, but their greatest moments for me would  have to be on the ballad albums; "IN THE WEE SMALL HOURS",  "ONLY THE LONELY",  "NICE N EASY" and a lesser known  masterpiece from 1956, "CLOSE TO YOU", which, incredibly enough,  is still not in print as a single CD (a situation hopefully remedied in the  not too distant future).     