 The 6th year of THE X FILES ( 22 episodes airing in 1998-99 ) was the first and most consistently enjoyable of the four seasons filmed in Los Angeles. A palpable exuberance is on display throughout, which no doubt can be attributed to the excitement the cast and crew felt in working on the series in a new location.  Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny give performances that are firm evidence of their commitment and in another move highlighting the change of venue, a number of familiar Hollywood character actors are featured. Far from being a gimmick, the casting is quite adept, the right people being chosen for the right roles ( just as it had been with the talented "unknowns" in Vancouver ). And, as in previous years, the considerable creative abilities of the directors ( especially Rob Bowman and the stalwart  Kim Manners ) continued to be marshaled in service of Chris Carter's overarching aesthetic vision. As with Season Five, the "stand alone" episodes shine ( only five episodes deal with the mythology ). Most of the scripts are of an inventive quality ( a number with comedic overtones ) and presented with the usual style and attention to detail that fans have come to expect of THE X FILES. One could be forgiven, however, for having a quibble with the original airing sequence in the first third of the season; far too many of the "light" scripts were shown consecutively, which lent an imbalance to a series that had previously distinguished itself with impeccable programming. In any case, Season 6 is the last in which "stand alone" episodes maintain a high level of consistency. The following year, many such scripts were noticeably derivative of earlier efforts and often failed to inspire a substantial emotional investment on the part of the actors ( especially so with regard to David Duchovny ). Vince Gilligan continued his legacy as the most consistently creative writer on THE X FILES.  As in Seasons 4 & 5, Gilligan contributed three solo efforts: "Drive", an exciting throwback to an earlier X FILES era ( wonderfully shot by Rob Bowman ). While "Trevor" is enjoyable, "Tithonus" is a masterpiece. Featuring dynamic performances by both Gillian Anderson and long time character actor Geoffrey Lewis, the episode ( inspired by a Greek myth ) is a bleak but ultimately redemptive musing on the "curse" of immortality.  Another dark script ( "Milagro" ) concentrates on an "underground" writer of Dostoevskian intensity who, in his obsession with Scully, shines with an intellectual brilliance and psychological insight that surpasses even Agent Mulder. "Milagro", in its spiritual magnitude, is one of the single finest episodes in X FILES history. David Duchovny wrote and directed the superb "The Unnatural", a clever homage to America's favorite pastime that incorporates THE X FILES mythology in a humorous but respectful manner. The guest actor who plays the alien ballplayer is wonderful as is the well-known M. Emmett Walsh, serving double duty as actor and narrator.  Chris Carter weighs in as writer/director with the ambitious "Triangle", filmed ( using the unorthodox "single take" method ) aboard an actual ocean liner. A technical tour de force, "Triangle" is yet another pioneering X FILES episode that defies the usual constraints operating in television productions. "Three of a Kind" follows the exploits of the Lone Gunmen "on assignment" in Las Vegas.  While not as good as "Unusual Suspects", this episode features a hilarious performance by Gillian Anderson as a ditzy (!) Agent Scully, temporarily deprived of her faculties by a surreptitiously administered chemical substance. There are several old-fashioned "monster of the week" scripts in Season Six. In "Agua Mala", Chris Carter favorite Darren McGavin makes a guest appearance as retired FBI Agent Arthur Dales. Set in hurricane-drenched Florida, this episode is a fun send-up of B movies in the "tentacled monster" genre. Similarly, "Arcadia" mixes scares with light-heartedness, as Agents Scully and Mulder pose as a married couple in a gated suburban community.  A few sour notes are sounded: "Rain Man" is a unique idea for an X FILES story but its satire falls flat. "Alpha" is disappointing as is "Terms of Endearment" to an extent. Fortunately, even these "lesser" episodes are not catastrophic in their failures, a fate that would regretfully befall a number of scripts in Season Seven. The main defects in Season Six are located in the mythology storyline, its longstanding arc having reached its high point in prior years ( THE X FILES movie functioning as a grandiose large screen addendum ).  The opening episode ( "The Beginning" ) starts out promisingly enough, with a solid script that combines elements from the previous years cliffhanger as well as the ( then ) recently released film. The root of the problem lies in the mid season two parter ( "Two Fathers" / "One Son" ); its "out in the open" explanations regarding the conspiracy are strained and self defeating. Despite a good performance by Chris Owens as Agent Jeffrey Spender, this hastily prepared conclusion to the shadowy "syndicate" suffers from a lack of balance, improper pace and even poor editing in spots ( the jarring cut in the "One Son" car chase scene is egregious and very uncharacteristic of THE X FILES). Yet, in spite of these flaws, something very crucial was achieved. In essence, Chris Carter decided to "amputate in order to save", a calculated gamble that reinvigorated the mythology by cutting away the detritus of the old plotline. As a consequence, a reconstituted myth arc sprang forth in the excellent 6th Season cliffhanger titled "Biogenesis", the seed from which new storylines would grow in the years to come. Carter's bold move was especially important when one considers that, with a few notable exceptions, the new mythology arc ( intertwined with the Mulder/Scully  relationship ) would turn out to be the main attraction in the three remaining seasons of THE X FILES.     