 The 9th (and final) season of THE X FILES (2001-02) stands, along with Season 6, as the most consistent of all the years filmed in Los Angeles and exhibits a number of unique qualities.  First and foremost, the loss of David Duchovny's participation created the necessity to play off (as in Season 8) his absence. While the (not insignificant) feeling of contrivance concerning yet another Mulder disappearance was unfortunate, the writers made full creative use of this (business related) circumstance. Specifically, through scripts (mostly "stand alone") that fleshed out new characters (Agents John Doggett & Monica Reyes) and through the mythology arc, in which themes from the previous year (and the series as a whole) were developed.  Secondly, the show regained a sense of equilibrium, its structure a throwback to the Vancouver years, where the (uniformly interesting) "mythology" episodes were aired at specific points: early, mid, and late season. This well-planned strategy mitigated the effect of some of the more routine "stand alone" efforts while moving inexorably towards a conclusion illuminating much of Chris Carter's "underground project". STAND ALONE EPISODES: There were several efforts by writers ( relatively ) new to THE X FILES: An ambitious attempt to marry characterization to storyline appears in two of Steven Meada's scripts: both "4-D" and "Audrey Pauley" share similar sci-fi plots against a backdrop of (implied) romantic affection shared by Agents Doggett and Reyes. "Audrey Pauley" in particular, benefits from excellent writing as well as fine performances from the principles (esp Annabeth Gish) and guests (the actress playing Audrey was previously seen in the 3rd Season masterpiece "Oubliette").  Writer Thomas Schnauz also turned in two scripts: "Lord of the Flies" (the season's only overtly comedic take)  is a clever but at times strained affair. The main attraction is really for diehard X-philes, since the episode is full of playful allusions to writer Darin Morgan's classic 3rd season script "War of the Copraphages". More effective is Schnauz' "Scary Monsters"; while its surface story is purposely borrowed from THE TWILIGHT ZONE,  the whimsical "Mulder vs Doggett" subplot  is a fun spoof. Agent Scully's impromptu "kitchen autopsy" is also a great bit, harkening back to the classic comedy of the series' golden years.  Three more scripts, in what could be termed the "Exorcist File" vein, were seen in Season 9:  "Daemonicus" (written & directed by Frank Spotnitz) features some eerily creative camera work and a "Hannibal Lechter" type villain while adding further details to the character of Agent Doggett. The graphically violent "Hellbound" outlines writer David Amann's deliberately odd theological juxtaposition: Calvinist predestination and Buddhist reincarnation. John Shiban's "Underneath" is a disaster; easily the worst episode of the season. Chris Carter wrote and directed the superb "Improbable", the latest in a long line of quirkily serious scripts that deal with perennial philosophical issues (free will/determinism good/evil, et al ). The episode features an excellent performance by Burt Reynolds; the brilliantly shot street scenes (and music) are a Carterian homage to Italian "cinema dell'arte". Longtime staff writer Vince Gilligan's two contributions are mixed affairs: the sepia-tone cinematography of "John Doe", coupled with Robert Patrick's fine acting make this episode enjoyable up until the oddly strained "crash and bang" finale. "Sunshine Days" is one of Gilligan's rare missteps; a re-tread of his "Je Souhaite" (Season 7) with an unfortunate undercurrent of saccharine sentimentality.  The ongoing subplot (treated in various episodes of Seasons 8-9) relating to Agent Doggett's personal tragedy was resolved in "Release" ( particularly beautiful music by Mark Snow ). It is a testament to the quality of THE X FILES that in their last season the staff writers (John Shiban & David Amann) would prepare so properly respectful a vehicle for Robert Patrick, whose performances were so vitally important for the series in its final years.  "Jump the Shark" was neither the best nor worst treatment that could have been prepared as the swan song of the beloved Lone Gunmen. However flawed the script, the heroic efforts of the three misfits in this episode were a necessary correction to the idiotic mischaracterization that shot through the (mercifully short-lived) series (Spring 2001) that bore their name. In "Jump the Shark" some of the eccentric nobility of the Lone Gunmen was restored. MYTHOLOGY EPISODES: The symbiotic partnership between Chris Carter & Frank Spotnitz continued with their co-writing of 6 of the 7 myth arc episodes  airing in Season 9 (the finale was penned by Carter alone). The ambitious 2-part opener ("Nothing Important Happened Today I/II") fuses the familiar "alien hybrid" concept with the newer (logically consistent) element of "supersoldiers". The Orwellian/Kafkaesque atmosphere of "Trust No1" is a compellingly well-framed continuation of the myth arc as well as a dark commentary on certain governmental strictures enacted in the wake of 9/11.  An extraordinary degree of openly religious (Christian) symbolism (in terms of plot, dialogue and cinematography) pervades the mid season 2-parter titled "Provenance/Providence". "William" is taut episode creatively directed (and co-written) by David Duchovny; the clever double twist ending has dramatic ramifications that extend backward and forward in time. Gillian Anderson puts forth a customarily moving performance emphasizing Scully's unique qualities of nobility and loving self-sacrifice.  The grand 2 hour finale ("The Truth") exudes a special glow, starting out ("in media res") with the return of Mulder, lagging a bit during the lengthy court-room trial scenes and ending with a fireworks flourish in which director Kim Manners pulls out all the stops. The final scene of THE X FILES is a quiet coda; a truly beautiful moment between Mulder and Scully as they share their mutual belief that, in spite of all appearances, hope is not lost and that "the light shines in the darkness" .     