 There is an unfinished quality to much contemporary classical music. For some composers, their pieces are studies for larger works ( ever in progress ), others revel in a fragmented brilliance, an apparently purposeful lack of purpose. Amidst these ( variously valuable ) diversions, there exist creators working in what I term the "authentic" classical tradition, striving for artistic achievement that lasts beyond the confines of the zeitgeist. These individualists operate in an aesthetic mode set apart from both the hidebound rules of nostalgic conservatism and the perpetual fragmentation of avant-garde radicalism. Henri Dutilleux ( born 1916 ) certainly is an individualistic composer. Given the sensual, quasi-exotic beauty of his music, is it natural to link Dutilleux with the great French "impressionists". Music critics have for years mentioned a connection with Ravel but aside from perfection of craftsmanship, a much more convincing link can be made to the mysterious metamorphosis exemplified in the sound world of Claude Debussy. And, however strong his ties to an essentially Gallic refinement, Dutilleux has also quite clearly profited from familiarity with Bartok, Stravinsky, and Webern.  Henri Dutilleux reached musical maturity during the heyday of serialism, a style which the composer admits was an influence but which also had negative attributes ( "cultural terrorism" is how he characterized the fanatical side of the movement ). His own music defies easy categorization; it is unquestionably "modern" yet noticeably part of the European classical tradition. No matter how complex the harmony or orchestration, a sense of forward momentum and classically influenced "inevitability" is felt throughout his pieces. A seamless blend of the traditional and innovative caused an admiring contemporary ( Messiaen, another influence on Dutilleux ) to remark that the younger composer was in some ways more, in other ways less "advanced" than himself.  His 1st Symphony ( 1951 ) is a work of great skill but doesn't prefigure his mature work as much as his 2nd Symphony of 1959, which is full of Dutilleux "trademarks": plaintive, upward-spiraling figures on woodwinds and the use of "reverse variation" ( whereby the theme is revealed only at the end of the piece ). His composition from 1965, "Metaboles", a set of five interconnected orchestral episodes, prefigures his work in the more ambitious Cello Concerto of 1970 ( subtitled "Tout un Monde Lontain..." ). Similarly, "Timbres, Espace, Mouvement" (1978) has a strong influence on the orchestral textures of the Violin Concerto of 1985 ( "L'Arbre des Songes" ) .  As far as this 3 CD set is concerned, potential purchasers can be confident that the performances and engineering are excellent. However, I strongly recommend that interested listeners seek out the recordings of the cello and violin concertos featuring the dedicatees. Rostropovich's version is coupled with the Lutoslawski Concerto and Isaac Stern's recording is coupled with the Violin Concerto of Peter Maxwell-Davies.     