 Two previous albums ( "SWEETNIGHTER" & "MYSTERIOUS TRAVELLER") established what could be termed the "Weather Report sound", a pattern continued in "TALE SPINNIN" (1975) and characterized by:  1. The adoption of funky rhythm & blues "grooves" (a 1970's analogue to the bop swing feel that had for decades characterized jazz rhythm).  2. Elaborate electronic textures employed by Zawinul in an artistic manner (as opposed to the self-indulgent toys they became in lesser hands ).  3. An aura of the mysterious and ethereal (one of the prominent aspects of Wayne Shorter's compositional style)  4. Influence of music from various cultures around the world ( Joe Zawinul in particular, was an early exponent of what is now called "world music" ). 5. Virtuoso musicians: a point obviously true of Shorter & Zawinul, WR featured superb "supporting" musicians who were vitally important to the group's success. Featuring a number of elaborately constructed compositions, "TALE SPINNIN" differs from its equally distinguished predecessor in the amount of room it allows for individual improvisation.  The opener ( "Man in the Green Shirt") is a "sunny" piece that exemplifies the albums penchant for more extended improv. For those that complain that Wayne Shorter rarely got to "stretch out" with Weather Report (a contention that misses the point of WR) "Man in the Green Shirt" provides a good argument to the contrary: this particular tune is certainly a good feature for the famed saxophonist's golden tone and quicksilver imagination.  "Lusitanos" is a typically well-composed Wayne Shorter tune, replete with a bizarre ("carnival funhouse") theme and delicate contrasting sections ( Zawinul has a good solo on acoustic piano ).  "Between the Thighs" (Zawinul) is a long tune ( 9 min ) in the favored mode of the "WR groove" but evincing a more elaborate, suite-like quality in its composition.   "Badia" (Zawinul) is a sequel to "Jungle Book" ("MYSTERIOUS TRAVELLER"): a delicately orchestrated tune incorporating various "exotic" instruments ( muzthra, oud, melodica ) that radiates a life-affirming warmth. Joe Zawinul has some good solo time on "Freezing Fire" but some of his synthesizer textures (esp the high pitched "bird chirp" doublings) tend to irritate. Shorter is featured with a darting soprano improv toward the ( somewhat abrupt) end of the tune. The album closer ("Five Short Stories") is a duet featuring Shorter on tenor sax and Zawinul on acoustic piano, organ and ARP 2600 synthesizer. Romantic in nature, the tune ends "TALE SPINNIN" on an aesthetically pleasing but bittersweet note.  Addendum 1: The advertising sticker put by Columbia Records on the latest version of "TALE SPINNIN" claims that it features Jaco Pastorius. Not true- Alphonso Johnson plays bass on this particular album.  Addendum 2: The 24-bit remastered sound is superb. WR fans should strongly consider replacing the older versions with the new editions, which are definite improvements.     