 Following their previous breakthrough album ( "SWEETNIGHTER"), which established the "Weather Report sound", "MYSTERIOUS TRAVELLER" (1974) contains a number of interesting compositions that give the recording the feeling (if not the formal unity) of a "suite", an extended journey through varying musical landscapes. Even more than in prior albums, individual improvisation is eschewed in favor of an "orchestral" and textural approach, an aspect of style distinguishing Weather Report from the Mahavishnu Orchestra ( the other great fusion band of the era ).  The adoption and elaboration of funky rhythm & blues "grooves" (a la Curtis Mayfield, et al ) was a vitally important ingredient that lent the music a propulsion and flow analogous to the bop swing feel that had for decades characterized jazz rhythm. To be sure, Weather Report was not the first band to do this; what set them apart was the absolutely seamless manner in which they integrated R&B grooves, achieving an authentic fluency that allowed them to break free from the reigning "rhythmic paradigm" while simultaneously retaining a connection to the older swing feel by virtue of shared (African) roots. Joe Zawinul used this dynamic rhythmic feel as an ideal foundation on which to construct elaborate electronic textures: in his hands, synthesizers were more than the self-indulgent and often hideous sounding toys that have given "fusion" music a bad name. The opener ( "Nubian Sundance" ) is an extended ( 10 min ) piece reflecting the increasing importance of "world music". Multiple layers of synthesizers add density, with the female vocal backgrounds lending a deft touch to this particularly exuberant tune.   "American Tango" displays a lot of variety within a short amount of time; its intense, quasi-Baroque melody (played with a reedy, bagpipe-like synthesizer timbre) is a decided contrast to the laidback opening while the middle section briefly reverts to the easy-going opening before segueing into an equally short funky feel.  The funky "Cucumber Slumber" lays down a supremely hip groove courtesy of bassist and co-composer Alphonso Johnson (tasteful keyboard work throughout and fine darting soprano sax).  An aura of the mysterious and ethereal was always one of the prominent aspects of Wayne Shorter's compositional style. "Mysterious Traveller" (opening & closing with science-fantasy eeriness), features a menacing piano vamp blended with Shorter's aphoristic saxophone lines and is the "dark groove" equivalent to "Cucumber Slumber".   "Blackthorn Rose" is a concentrated duet featuring Shorter and Zawinul, the latter playing acoustic piano w/ some synthesized background harmony.    "Scarlet Woman": Another mysterious tune, undulating and understated background offset by lighting synthesizer "flashes".  As the album opened so it closes: "Jungle Book" (Zawinul) is even more indebted to "world music". A number of different "exotic" instruments ( kalimba, tamboura, cabassa, clay drum, finger cymbals ) are caressingly employed in a gentle number that gradually builds in intensity toward a life-affirming conclusion. Addendum: The 24-bit remastered sound is superb. WR fans should strongly consider replacing the older versions with the new editions, which are definite improvements.     