 Guitarist Rafael Riqueni ( born 1962 in Sevilla, SPAIN ) is one of the brightest stars to emerge in the wake of the immense influence of the grand master of flamenco guitarists,  Paco de Lucia. While unquestionably influenced by Paco, Riqueni has not been intimidated but rather has developed a unique musical personality, one open to classical ( "Benamargosa" ), jazz ( "Puente, Rio, Macarena, Triana" ) and popular ( "Esa Noche" ) influences in addition to his central musical core of flamenco.  Of the four albums Riqueni has made to date, apparently only the album under review ( recorded in 1995 ) is currently available in the United States. Fortunately for the listener, this album gives a very good overall picture of his abilities. His tune titled "Tacita de Plata" strikes me as a tribute to the legendary maestro Sabicas. This piece has the same sense of balance, counterpoint and verve ( albeit, in a more modern vein ) for which Sabicas was famous. The first part of the piece, in a major key, radiates joy  ( appropriately enough in the "alegria" form ). The second part, ( the traditional contrasting minor key episode ) is equally beautiful. The short motif played at the beginning of the first tune ( "Vivencias" ) is skillfully integrated into several of the following numbers, lending a sense of unity in line with Riqueni's strong feeling for a classical structure. In fact, while Riqueni is quite experienced in the traditional role of accompanying flamenco singers ( see Carlos Saura's film "FLAMENCO" for an example ), he is also one of the relatively few flamenco musicians who has the ability to read and write music ( he has composed several pieces in collaboration with classical guitarists ). Of course, none of this "formal" knowledge would matter if it weren't also allied with the strong expressive ability which Riqueni possesses. This nicely programmed, introspective album ( somewhat restrained by flamenco standards ) is highly recommended to flamenco aficionado's, world music fans and lovers of the guitar. Rafael Riqueni is one of the major talents carrying the torch for flamenco; he deserves more listeners.     