 Ok, before I start on Mr. Churchill I have read all of his books and you can see some of the reviews I have written about his prose or lack of by looking them up. I am giving this book 3 stars because of the chronology listed. Everything else written in the book I am positive Ward Churchill used a ghostwriter. His writing is similiar to Ralph Wiggum on the Simpsons so it is easy to spot. Just a little humor people, don't get all worked up and start being your significant others.  It is a difficult position to be in regarding my opinions of Ward which I have taken to him face to face and via email regarding his supposed indian ancestry. But he brought it up when he started slamming Lynn Andrews and Sun Bear in his previous books saying they were making money as pretend indians. Why does he get to question their indian heritage yet when his is, he brings up the same recycled Nazi, concentration camp defenses? Should he be excused because he is coming from a perspective that is considered left or to some radical left? I don't care. This man is profiting off of claiming indian just like Lynn Andrews and Sun Bear. He took a position at Colorado University that should have went to a Native American. Ever been to Boulder, CO? It's what I like to call a place where people can afford to pretend to be radical. A perfect place for him, surrounded by supposed radical thinkers driving their Lexus SUV's. He has changed his tribe numerous times, and if you think that is trivial then you are coming from a disrespecting attitude toward Native people.  The threats toward Ward are inexcusible and wrong whether from Indian Country or the facists running this country. He was finally becoming a has been joke to most of the Native community and a non issue until this new 9/11 issue came to light. It is the greatest thing to ever happen to "Chief Wannabe".   Ward Churchill should not lose his job over a poorly written book or because of what he said. He should lose his job because he stole from Native Americans just as Columbus did. Think of the power and privilege of advancing the Native issues he could have if he came at it from a allied white male perspective! I guess playing Iron John is alot more romantic and then slamming Iron John in his books protects him from being questioned.  Anyone can write a book about legitimate native issues, but that doesn't mean the person writing the book is coming from a good spirit or his heart in the right place. Remember the book "The Education of Little Tree" by Forrest Carter? If you don't know about the author of this book I suggest you do a google search.   I will stick with authors such as Vine Deloria Jr., Paulo Freire, Cornell West, John Trudell. Radical Thinkers without their issues or baggage tied around their necks.  Western     