 Atatrk (1880-1938) is one of the most renowned individuals of his time, and rightly so, for he founded the modern state of Turkey and created one of the very few ideologies not just to endure the century but to have considerable successes to its credit.  Turks celebrate his accomplishments to his day, with his face of the money and on portraits throughout the country. His legacy is especially powerful in the military officer corps; according to one account, "It would not be an exaggeration to say that cadet-officers hardly spend an hour without mentioning his name."  Even in English, many volumes of biography celebrate his life.   But what of his No. 2, Ismet Inn (1884-1973)? Inn served Atatrk as the chief of staff who helped win his most decisive battles (against the Greeks), as diplomat in his most important treaty (Lausanne, 1923), as prime minister during his entire presidency (1924-38), and then as his successor as president (1938-50), later to return again to power as prime minister (1961-65).  In a first-class biography, Heper (a professor at Bilkent University in Istanbul) performs the important service of recalling this key figure's life from the wrongful obscurity into which it has fallen.  Heper finds there is much to admire in his biographee, calling him a pragmatist, an optimist, and a "statesman par excellence."  He particularly praises the intelligent and realistic way Inn guided the country from Atatrk's benevolent despotism to a multi-party democracy whose first election he lost and thereupon gracefully went into the opposition; indeed, Inn went so far as to call his defeat his "greatest victory").  Heper quotes one assessment that Turkey has undergone three revolutions this century, a national one led by Atatrk, a democratic one led by Inn, and an economic one led by Turgut zal; he then adds that Inn's role was larger than this implies, having had a direct hand in the first and having helped to pave the way for the third.  He deserves this excellent biography.  Middle East Quarterly, December 1999     