 Despite the breathtaking scenery that he walks through--the Afghan wilderness, the Hindu Kush, the dry deserts of Southern Persia-- Wood's documentary doesn't come close to what he accomplished in 1979 with _In Search of the Trojan War_, his magnus opus.  Even his breathless excitement as he re-enacts for us Alexander's dilemnas doesn't make up for what I consider a distinctly lacklustre documentary. For instance, in Trojan War, viewers are treated to delightfully nuanced scholarly commentaries which made for a certain complexity and richness--all sorely missed in this more recent production. I would have liked to hear what the experts had to say about Alexander and his times. And what happened to the music? The sometimes stirring and sometimes incredibly haunting music that graced Wood's earlier masterpiece is utterly lacking here--in fact often there is disturbingly little to create any mood. Well-chosen music to accompany the text is essential to an excellent historical reconstruction. And if that is not all, there is an unbelievable lack of visual and mental variety to this documentary: the imaginative impetus that art and illustration can provide and which the best historical documenataries use to great effect, was again, missing here. We are afforded little else than being guided around some admittedly breathtaking scenery by Michael Wood, but little else to help us try to reconstruct hints of a bygone era. And this I think is necessary for even simply decent historical documentaries--the sensation that we are grasping something of another time.   Although it is undeniable that Alexander's personality, ego, and brilliance all contributed to what took place in history, I dislike the Great-man kind of history that leads to obvious historical distortions and an unnecessary concentration on one man. The temptation to romanticize can be too much. As Wood admits himself, almost as an aside, without his army (actually, Phillips) , Alexander could not have accomplished anything...so why do we know next to nothing of his men? What did they wear? How did they fight? What did they see in Alexander, if anything? Many of these veterans were over 60 years old by the time they resisted Alexander's drive East, and stopped him at the Indus...Sixty! Now how do you expect anyone to fight at that age? Who were these incredible people? And as for that, who were the women that followed the army to what were then the remotest parts of the earth? What happened to the retired soldier-colonists who settled (left? abandoned?) in far-flung places like Bactria? How can anyone call such places "home"? What did it take for these people to be who they were?  Wood's documentary is frustratingly light, especially when we know he could do so much better! Stick to Trojan War for the kind of attention and scholarly detail that makes for truly great documentary work ... Or, if you can dispense with the complexities and details that delight me, then go for his more recent Conquistadors--at least the music creates a haunting nostalgia..     