  Considering its subject matter and narrational style, it is hardly surprising that Mahmoody's book has stirred up a lot of controversy since its publication in the early 90s.   Controversy has focussed most on the truth value of Mahmoody's account, and her purportedly unfair and inaccurate portrayal of Iranian society.   What is striking and most worrying to my mind, especially in our day of media-dictated views of our world, which neatly carve up the world into antagonistic "US and Them", is the consistent belief that the book is a "window" into Iranian society-- or for that matter into Betty Mahmoody's mind.   I make no distinction between those who claim that the book is "rubbish", "a lie" or "grossly misrepresentative", and those who state fervently that they have learnt the "truth" of Iranian men and culture from reading the book: both operate under the same naive assumption that written narration is a conduit to some kind of transcendent reality. This view of writing completely ignores how Mahmoody's book, rather than being the bearer of any truth, serves to recreate or confirm realities that readers themselves bring to the story. The idea that meaning is constructed and that "Truth" is not something out there to be discovered in a film or book, is hardly a revolutionary idea, as anyone who has read Neil Postman, Marshall McLuhan, Edward Said, or any social science for that matter; but it seems altogether lost on many reviewers who remain with naive, unreflexive readings.   For many American reviewers, Mahmoody simply confirms a reality already "out there" that the East is dangerous and imprisoned by narrow, conservative religious forces. Mahmoody's husband is representative of the misogynistic, backward, jealous male. To other reviewers, the husband himself is the victim of Western decadence and a selfish, greedy, opportunistic female. Both readings are valid and supported by the text. Readers simply align themselves to or the other reading depending on their particular prejudices.   A reflexive, critical reading of this compelling, popular book and its online reviews would open up the possibility of the kind of desperately-needed "intercultural dialog" that Gergen, Kramsch and others advocate--a dialog that holds tranformative powers, not simply a tolerance for opposing opinions.      