 Absurd, in the sense that Camus uses it, has less to do with the everyday notion of "ridiculous" or "non-sensical" as some reviews here suggest, but with the idea that we seek some universal, transcendental meaning for Life in a universe essentially devoid of meaning.   That Meursault is defined by many readers as "insensitive" or "bizarre" or "abnormal" simply reveals a basic need to categorize Meursault in a value system. However, this is precisely what Camus puts into question: assuming and applying values in a universe where values have no place or meaning is absurd. It is a futile gesture. This is what makes the court scene the absurdity it is, as it confronts someone who is evidently amoral and then condemns him in the name of all that is right and decent in society. "Right" and "decent" are the precious ideas we collectively fabricate for ourselves and maintain in order to help us feel that there is an essential order and justice in the universe and that there is a "right" and "wrong" distinguishable to all. But Camus book suggests--without denying the usefulness of such ideas--that this is a human thing: Meursault's actions (killing an Arab, not crying at his mother's funeral) are devoid of meaning ...from a universal perspective.   Everybody dies anyway, so what difference how and whether sooner or later? That's just the way things are.   Now, a thought experiment for those who keep Camus and his ideas at a safe reading distance: imagine witnessing a car accident...where children are involved. This happened to me in Madrid over 8 years ago, where I witnessed from a distance one maniac car tearing right through the car of a lone mother...with kids. The ramming car didn't stop: it just tore on. I shan't give any more details, as it is too painful. Now think, for a split second, how every feeling of horror, distress, and ultimately anger...the awfulness of it all. Then consider, if you can, the comforting stories offered by priest or psychologist to the remaining family. Perhaps you are the remaining kin. How profoundly inadequate and futile these must seem to cover one's sudden, naked exposure to the obvious indifference of the universe. Any attempt to give meaning to the event seems completely at odds with what suddenly, inexplicably happened. It just happened. That is all. The universe remains, unchanged. The word "tragedy" may provide an inadequate handle on events. But the senselessness, meaningless of it all has been glimpsed.     