 "Evanescence" means fading from sight, but that is something this band will not do. Contrary to popular belief, they have been making music together for many years, releasing independent albums of their sound. Unfortunately, not very many people were able to get their hands (or ears, if you prefer) on these indie EP's. My hope is now that they have been signed to a major label, all of those wonderful songs that were lost will get re-released. Their main first album was "Origin," which does not differ too much from "Fallen." If you are familiar with "Origin," you will see repeated songs: "My Immortal," "Imaginary" (though a slightly egdier version), and "Whisper" (also slightly a different version). The rest of the songs on "Fallen" hold up the expectations of "Origin," following in the footsteps of its predecessor. If you loved Evanescence before they got big, you will love them even more now. Individually, the songs each have a life of their own. This is not one of those CD's that you pick up and once you've heard one song, you've basically heard them all. Each song is crafted with its own unique feel and message. Some are heavier, some are softer; some feature the usual guitar/drum combo, some include Amy Lee's wonderful piano playing and orchestral instruments. But don't let the piano and chamber choir fool you--this is an edgy, powerful album. You can't help but be moved by it. It is a dark, gothic collection of pensive, brilliant songs that will not disappoint the real music lover. Amy Lee is always great, and Ben Moody is her perfect complimentary element. Being signed to a major label has not altered their powerful lyrics or heart-stopping music. Evanescence surely has nothing but a bright future in store for them. **Highlights of the Album: Track 1) Going Under, Track 2) Bring Me to Life, Track 4) My Immortal, Track 5) Haunted, Track 7) Imaginary, and Track 11) Whisper. Though, in all honesty, each of the tracks on this album is very likable and pleasing to the ears.     