 If you read (and enjoyed) Rice's novel upon which this movie is (very) loosely based, you will most likely NOT enjoy this version. Those familiar with the novel know it is no short read. I marveled at how a screenwriter could condense such a work into an hour and a half film... but this was before I actually watched it. Many many many important details are left out or neglected in the movie. The title, Queen of the Damned, leads one to believe the movie is about Akasha when really this movie focuses more on Lestat than anything else. We are never told of the origins of the vampire race as we are in Rice's novel (something I feel is very much the heart and point of the work). We are never told the significance of Jesse and Maharet--the ones with the red hair--or of Marahet's sister Mekare. We are never told the stories of those who confront Akasha; in fact, we're never even told that they are the famous Louis (Interview with the Vampire), Pandora, and Ramses (the Mummy). We don't get to see the complex relationships between the characters as well as we do in the novel. And some of what we DO see are twists of the actual plot (such as Marius' character being Lestat's main support when in the novel it was Louis by his side). Basically, all back information was dropped. This is some times beneficial to the viewer because one can get lost in the many intricate details of Rice's works. However, one can just as easily get lost in the lack of details, which is the main problem with this movie. The story line has so much more to give; I felt [cheated] after watching this version of it. The one positive thing I can say about this film is the exposure it gives to Stuart Townsend (Lestat) and Marguerite Moreau (Jesse), two wonderful actors who shine through the chaos and dullness of this movie. For those who were disappointed with this movie, I suggest reading the novel. Don't let the movie ruin this enthralling story for you. Anne Rice is about twenty times better at telling this story than Scott Abbott (the screenplay writer) is. For those of you who have read the book, don't bother with the movie. It will only leave a bitter taste in your mouth and a stone of disappointment in your heart. This movie is an insult to Anne Rice's work. If I were her, I'd sue.     