 Along with John Wooden, who practically invented basketball, Lenny Wilkens is the only man to be inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame as both a player and a coach.  In one or both of these capacities he has competed against giants of the game from Bill Russell to Michael Jordan to today's superstars such as Allen Iverson.  He has experienced the evolution of the NBA from the shoestring operation it was in the 1950s to the global phenomenon that it is today.  Wilkens was a publicly prominent African-American during one of this country's most racially turbulent periods.  He has risen from childhood poverty to almost incomprehensible wealth.  It is not hard to see why Lenny Wilkens has been so successful as a point guard or coach.  In these memoirs he comes across as perceptive and self-effacing - just the qualities that one wants in a point guard or a coach.  No chair-thrower, he. And with veteran basketball writer Terry Pluto handling the prose the book is an easy read.  Yet herein lies the problem:  I would have been happy to read twice as much.  The book is weirdly uneven in its treatment of Wilkens' life both on an off the court.  One feels like there are huge things going on both in the NBA and in the world that pass by unnoticed or with only cursory mention. Perhaps this is unfair:  afterall the subtitle of the book is  "My forty years of surviving in the NBA," not "what it was like to be a public figure in turbulent times."  Even the basketball aspects of the book have some of this unevenness, however.  To give one example:  Wilkens goes into a fair amount of detail describing his first contract negotiation (he received less than $15,000 and had to take a summer job) and a subsequent salary dispute later in his career.  Yet late in the book he mentions almost in passing that one of his coaching contracts was for millions.  What is it like to have one's income rise like that?  What does it do to your family and others around you?   In the end these are quibbles, I suppose.  The book is unguarded and revealing in certain aspects, but one gets the sense that the extreme self-discipline necessary to accomplish what Wilkens has also lends itself to a certain degree of self-censorship.  I have no reason to believe that Wilkens is anything other than the thoroughly decent man that he appears to be from this book, and if he chooses to emphasize some aspects of his life over others in his memoirs, well, that's his prerogative.   As another reviewer mentioned, Lenny Wilkens does come across as an admirable role model in this book without being a goody two-shoes or a candidate for sainthood.  This book would make an excellent gift for young people interested in basketball or simply the life of one remarkable American individual.  It might also be a good antidote for fans who believe the key to winning basketball games is throwing chairs.     