 A friend of mine was once sharing a house in West Africa with a young American guy who had a fondness of waif-like female singers (Jewell, Natalie Imbruglia et al.). Periodically my buddy would put Angelique Kidjo on the boombox to, as he put it, "air the house out." Indeed, it is amazing that such a big voice comes out of such a small person. Sadly, I doubt that AK will ever move product in the same volumes as Jewell (but, hey, we can always dream!). She's never really cracked the US market, and past 40, her days for being marketed as a "hot chick singer" are fading (Tina Turner notwithstanding). This disk, as pleasant an introduction to her music as it is, has all the markings of one last push to put her over the top (and make some money off her back catalog). I can't believe it was an accident that the first two tracks on this disk (Gershwin's "Summertime" and Hendrix's "Voodoo Chile (Slight Return)") are the two tunes with which the uninitiated will be most familiar. Hopefully there is a big enough market for her music that AK can remain a commercially viable artist, since she shows no real signs of slackening creatively. So much for the biz, what about the music? Well, it covers all the obvious tracks, from "Agossi" from her first "international" album, to an acoustic version of "Malaika," to her upbeat dance numbers. Her take on "Summertime" is memorable, as is her "Voodoo Chile," (though nothing could compare to the absolutely ferocious version I heard her perform live). Like one of the other reviewers noted, it would have been nice to have included her duet with Cassandra Wilson on "Miles Runs the Voodoo Down" from that singer's "Traveling Miles" album. ("What's with all this voodoo?," you might ask. Well, they invented that stuff in Benin.) My nomination for another track for inclusion would be AK's mind-bending mountain-o'-overdubs version of "Oh Holy Night" off the International Special Olympics Christmas album (great disk - check it out!). But at 74 minutes playing time, and nary a weak track, you can't complain about being shortchanged. All in all, a very nice introduction to this musician's work.     