 As several other reviewers have noted, this story is so strange that it would be impossible to believe if it were not true.  It is the story of Shoko Asahara, nee Chizuo Matsumoto:  a fat, possibly blind, hardscrabble con artist who somehow transforms his scam of the moment, the Aum Association of Mountain Wizards, to Aum Supreme Truth, a cult of tens of thousands of adherents worldwide who gave away their life's savings, and apparently all capacity of independent thought or moral judgment to this unlikeliest of messiahs. Murder, kidnapping, Nazi-like medical experimentation, drug taking, and sexual abuse follow.  In a moment verging on parody Asahara declares that the world is threatened by a conspiracy that includes the Jews, Bill Clinton, the Queen of England and Madonna.  Mr. Asahara, please meet Mr. LaRouche and Mr. Bin Laden. This alone would be awful enough, but Asahara had truly global ambitions:  first to stage a coup d'etat in his native Japan, and then initiate an Armageddon that would destroy the world.  For these purposes he penetrated nearly every Japanese public institution including the army and the police and set about obtaining by hook or crook weapons of mass destruction:  chemicals, biological agents, nuclear weapons, and - I kid you not -- death rays.   Asahara's scheme would culminate in Aum's poison gas attack on the Tokyo subway system that killed 14 and injured thousands more.  Asahara was eventually apprehended and as of October 2001 his trial continues to drag on.  Aum continues to exist in Japan, though with a much smaller membership, much smaller coffers, and one hopes a much smaller capacity for inflicting mayhem.  This book is disturbing on its own terms; it is particularly disturbing in light of the events of September 11:  Asahara succeeded to a frightening extent and he had huge disadvantages relative to what Al Qaeda must possess today.  Rather that working from an established religion and the resentments of potentially millions of adherents, Asahara had to invent theology on the fly and recruit his following from scratch.  Moreover he had to constantly fund raise to keep his group in operation:  he had no family wealth or network of contributors to fall back on.  Finally, and most importantly, while the Japanese police certainly come off as incompetent in this telling, Asahara had no state support, indeed had to constantly deal with legal harassment and threats.  It is truly frightening to think about how far he got given the obstacles he faced and how far someone equally charismatic and diabolical could go if dealt a better hand of cards. The only reason I don't give this book 5 stars is that I didn't feel that it ever got into the heads of the Aum adherents.  But given how strange this story is, perhaps that is asking too much of any author.     