 Platform is not for everyone  it is a rigorous philosophical novel and its meditations on alienation, religion, and the commodification of sex in late-period capitalism will probably bore some and offend others with its graphic, some would say degrading, depictions of sex, the attitudes expressed by some of the characters, and the anti-Islamic beliefs that some critics have ascribed to author Michel Houellebecq. As a writer, Houellebecq appears to be equally at ease in describing the action in Thai massage parlors and French boardrooms. He has some fundamental insights and pursues them with an unstinting through the novel, and whether in the end one agrees or finds them persuasive or not, it must be granted that he is putting more on the table than the vast majority of contemporary novelists.  If I had any criticism or disappointment with the writing, it is that the sex in the novel is essentially pornographic  it is a fantasy ideal where nothing ever goes awry  but then perhaps in a novel directed at an alienated Western audience, that is the point.       With respect to Islam, Houellebecq has some hard things to say, but this should be viewed is in the context of a more general critique of the desert religions (as one of his characters calls them) and their rigorous codes of sex and death.  If, as one reviewer noted, there is a plea for Catholicism, my impression is that this is more a plea for catholicism with a lower case c.  Houellebecq argues through his main protagonist that Catholicism is to be preferred to Judaism, Islam, or Protestantism in the specific sense its very lack of rigor makes it a more tolerant and accepting, and ultimately humane, faith.  I interpret this as less promoting Roman Catholicism as a religion than upholding the values of tolerance and acceptance. Houellebecq seems comfortable with Buddhism  there is a reason that much of the novel takes place in Thailand. Islam comes into his line of fire precisely because of the Abrahamic religions, it is the one of which today some of its adherents have had greatest difficulty with the transition to modernity, manifested in the intolerance depicted in the novel.   Which brings me to the ending. Not to give away the plot, but it is frankly hard to read the novel without the Bali bombing echoing in ones head, reinforcing the emotional impact of this interesting, difficult novel.     