 The conduct of monetary policy in the US is important to the US and the rest of the world.  Alan Greenspan is an interesting figure of historical significance.  This book sheds little light on either subject. The book is hampered by its episodic nature, and, apparently, limited range of sources.  Woodward tries to sustain a narrative based largely on the twin themes of Greenspan's ability as Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System to manipulate the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) which sets an important benchmark interest rate, and whether that instrument, the federal funds rate, is moved up or down. The first theme is of questionable interest: the institutional structure of the Fed gives the chairman enormous power.  It is not at all clear than another chairman, with a different substantive agenda and a different personality, could have just as effectively dominated the institution.  Despite Woodward's efforts, it is not at all clear that Greenspan is a "maestro" - on the contrary, he comes across as a mildly unpleasant character who treats his colleagues shabbily. As for the second theme, well, it doesn't exactly make for a page turner. These flaws alone would not earn the book such a low rating.  The real problems are sloppy writing and factual inaccuracy.  To give one example: Woodward tells us that Greenspan was born in 1926.  After graduating from high school, he attended Julliard School of Music for two years and then dropped out to join a touring big band.  He then quit the band, went back to school, and graduated from NYU with a degree in economics in 1948 .  Woodward writes that Greenspan received a masters degree in economics from NYU in 1950 and then entered the Columbia Phd program but quit before completing his dissertation. In the 1970s, NYU then "finally awarded" him what amounted to an honorary doctorate This description begs more questions than it answers.  How did Greenspan spend two years in a conservatory, tour with a band, and graduate with a degree in economics at the age of 22?  What about military service?  Greenspan would have been of prime draft age for the Second World War.  Did he get some kind of exemption?  If so, for what reason? And why would NYU "finally award" the doctorate if the work had been done at Columbia? One might overlook these flaws (even in biography) but they carry on into the more substantive sections of the book.  To give another example: Woodward's chapter 12 description of the Korean financial crisis of 1997.  He argues that the US government wanted US bankers to rollover their loans to Korea; that the bankers would have been able to resist pressure from Bob Rubin and Larry Summers of the Treasury, but not from the Greenspan Fed; and that Greenspan stood back while the Treasury jawboned the bankers.  This account is deeply flawed. The critical rollover meeting was convened on 22 December 1997 by New York Federal Reserve President Bill McDonough in his office and attended by the heads of JP Morgan, Chase Manhattan, Citibank, Bank of NY, Bank of America, and Bankers Trust.  McDonough convinced the six money center banks to rollover their Korean loans, and having whipped the US banks into line, he then successfully brought the Europeans and Japanese on board.  The 22 December meeting was arguably the turning point in the crisis. So why no mention of it in Woodward's account?  Its hard to believe that the author is unaware of it.  One is tempted to surmise that he deliberately omitted it from the narrative to set-up his interpretation in the succeeding chapter of the next crisis Greenspan encountered - the near collapse of the hedge fund Long Term Credit Management.  Again, there is a financial crisis, and again, the head of the New York Fed uses his office to jawbone US financial institutions to act against their own narrow interests.  However, in Woodward's telling, this is an unprecedented event, and Greenspan stands (well, actually sits) shoulder to shoulder with McDonough in the face of hostile Congressional critics.  Why this portrayal of the Fed's action in the LTCM case as being unique?  Is it because that action was seen as stopping a threat to the US economy, while the earlier intervention merely saved Korea (and did not save Russia and Brazil which subsequently encountered similar problems)? At root, the problem with this book is as a rather hagiographic biography, it simply does not address the broader, and to my mind, more interesting questions such as whether it is desirable to have monetary policy conducted by an institution with little democratic accountability steered by the "pains in the stomach" of its chairman?    Perhaps this is unfair.  In the end, we don't expect journalists to be deep-thinkers.  But we do expect them to get their facts straight.  Inaccuracies and heavy reliance on unnamed sources (from the man who, in a prior work, gave us Nixon talking to the White House paintings) makes me deeply skeptical of the value of this book either as biography, as an examination of the Fed, or as an analysis of monetary policy.     