 ...when it comes music reviews.  I purchased this CD on the weight of the review in the Financial Times (now excepted on the cover of this CD).  This was done with a certain trepidation based of the FT's history of truly erroneous music journalism (they once published a concert review repeatedly referring to the band being reviewed as Splitting Pumpkins.) The problem with this CD is that it cannot possibly live up to the hype.  And let's not kid ourselves:  classical music is just as prone to fads and hype as any other.  With profit margins falling in the classical division, marketing efforts have redoubled and we increasingly encounter young violinists in sexy evening gowns (how else to sell the nth rendition of the Tchaikovsky violin concerto?) and now leather clad composers brooding in desolate warehouses. So where's the beef?  The title track is a four movement piece, in which the scherzo subtitled "Ecstacio" has attracted all the attention.  Actually, that subtitle is more than a hint, and I must admit that I didn't pick up on it initially - then it hit me  - the movement is what happens when a Cambridge-trained classical composer attends a rave.  He's got the repetition and cross-rhythms going over a 4/4 techno beat.  Eureka! Now it makes sense. But what's the point?  Why assemble scads of musicians to reproduce (ok, make that "enlarge upon" or "elaborate" or something) what a talented deejay can do at about one percent the cost and effort.  This is truly dinosaur music.  Admittedly, well produced and played dinosaur music, but dinosaur music nonetheless. OK, "Asyla" uses an orchestra to reproduce techno whomp.  How about the other pieces? Well, in the liner notes to his "Chamber Symphony," Ades is quoted to the effect that in his mind the 15 musician chamber orchestra "became infected with the personality of a solo instrument, until the whole group in my mind represented a super-basset-clarinet."  Unfortunately it sounds that way too. I heard somewhere that Paul McCartney, who apparently cannot read music, composed a symphony (or at least a tone poem) by humming the melodies and having someone else actually do the orchestration.  (OK, perhaps that's an exaggeration:  maybe he played the melodies on the piano, so he at least had the chord structure down as well.)  While I am not suggesting that Thomas Ades has a future as Sir Paul's amanuensis, his evident orchestral talents might find better use in collaboration with others who could pair some real inspiration with his prodigious formal skills.     