 This is not a bad book, though it is overly long.  Some of the repetition is due to Feinstein's need to describe "the punch" to establish the need to delve into the lives of the protagonists, Kermit Washington (the punch thrower) and Rudy Tomjanovich (the punch recipient).  Feinstein then begins telling each of their stories through alternating chapters.  By the time he gets to their meeting on 9 December 1977 the confrontation is anticlimactic, in light of the detailed analysis that opens the book.   From a normative perspective, the punch and its aftermath can be summed up in three quotes from former NBA players.  On Washington's culpability, as Calvin Murphy points out "Your first instinct is to protect yourself. You hear someone coming from behind, you turn and get your hands up.  Then, if you need to throw a punch, you throw it.  Kermit, turned, saw Rudy clearly, and threw the punch.  He was angry.  He wanted to hurt somebody.  Not in the way he did, I know that.  But this wasn't an act of self-defense.  If it had been, he would have just been covering up" (page 52). On Tomjanovich's contribution, according to Wes Unseld "There is no one I respect more in the game than Rudy Tomjanovich, but he got himself into something that he was not prepared for.  He made a mistake running in the way he did.  That doesn't mean he deserved to the pay the price he paid - no one deserves anything like that.  He was certainly the victim of something horrible.  But regardless of his intentions - and I assume that they were good and peaceful - he is not blameless in what happened" (page 252). And on Washington's problematic quest for redemption, John Lucas observes, "You know what I wish?  I wish [Washington] could just say, `I'm sorry. I screwed up.' All the years, all I've heard over and over again is, `I'm sorry but...' Sometimes in life, you make a mistake and there's no buts and no explanations....There's no peace in `I'm sorry, but.' You can't find peace until you truly understand that the only thing to say is, `I'm sorry,' period" (pages 343-4). Fascinating material, impressive reporting, but 300+ pages are not required to tell this story.     