 This disk contains material from 4 studio albums that Richard and Linda Thompson made for Island Records in the 1970s, and a couple live tracks which have appeared on other collections.  This disk is a must if for no other reason than the Island CDs are out of print and the other Richard Thompson anthology ("Watching the Dark") shortchanges the music from this era which I personally believe was his best.  The mixes are extraordinarily clear and despite having listened to some of this music for 25 years, I heard things that I had never heard before. The songs are amazing, reflecting Thompson's interests in rock and roll, being English, England's folk music tradition, and his conversion to Islam. Every track is strong.  One of the reasons that I think that this was his strongest period was the presence of then-wife Linda Peters, a highly emotive singer, who provided a healthy counterpoint/balance/tension to Thompson's own voice and guitar.  This was particularly important since Thompson tended to record without another guitarist or strong instrumental soloist, so Linda's presence filled out the sound.  Her bigger vocal range also allowed him to write more vocally demanding melodies than his own voice could sustain. I have one quibble with the track sequencing (which is easily enough remedied if one really cares).  The live versions of "Night Comes In" and "Calvary Cross" are extraordinary, featuring Thompson on guitar, John Kirkpatrick on accordion, Dave Pegg on bass, and Dave Mattacks on drums. These guys express an understanding of dynamics (i.e. the music gets soft, then it gets loud again)that is unheard of in rock music . The only musical comparison I can make is with John Coltrane's classic 1960s quartet with Thompson in the Coltrane/soloist roll and Kirkpatrick creating the chordal structure a la McCoy Tyner.  The two tracks were recorded the same night at the same show.  They belong together.  It couldn't be done on vinyl because of their length, but there is no reason not to sequence them together on disk. Finally, the liner notes and documentation are good. Unlike many greatest hits packages (ok, Richard and Linda Thompson didn't have a lot of "hits") the musicians are actually documented.  So, if you want to know played the bass on a particular track, you can look it up.   This is an essential CD.  Get it. You won't be disappointed.     