 Townes Van Zandt was an extraordinary songwriter who wrote lyrics that could justly be called poetical.  And while he played and acoustic guitar and his disks get filed under "folk," Townes was no folkie in the pejorative sense.   He was from Texas and he had an edge.  Once in a Houston bar at 3am he launched into this epic version of "Nothin'" which must have clocked in at nearly 10 minutes (he had a band behind him), undoubtedly the most frightening musical look into the abyss that I have ever experienced.  A couple of drunken cowboys at the bar got into a fistfight at roughly the six-minute mark.  Townes, wisely, kept right on playing.  I don't think Townes ever made it to Lake Woebegone.  Would have been lost if he had. I sympathize with the reviewers who write that TVZ's originals top most of these covers (though in fairness, Townes' studio recordings were often marred by cheesy production).  As an introduction, "Live at the Old Quarter" is superior.  This disk is a complement to, not a substitute for, Townes' own recordings. But this collection works, if only for that while Townes was a "poet" and the cover illustration has him looking suitably folkie/poetical, enough of his contemporaries who have retained their edges (if not their chops) are on hand to keep TVZ from being embalmed in treacle. Personal favorites:  Willie Nelson absolutely nails "Marie," and the Lucinda Williams/"Nothin'" pairing is inspired.  (In general the artist/song pairings work well:  Nanci Griffith gets "The Tower Song" and John Prine on "Loretta," for example.) Billie Joe Shaver reminds us that while TVZ carried an acoustic, he could wail.  Steve Earle sort of bashes his way through "Two Girls," but, hey, I saw Townes sort of stumble through his catalogue on some nights, so it sort of illuminates this aspect of his life/style.  Reviewers complain about Delbert McClinton's version of "Pancho and Lefty" - but like Lucinda taking on "Nothin'" who better to do "Pancho and Lefty" than a middle-aged Texas roadhouse honky-tonker with a rhythm section?  (Nice guitar solo - standard compilation complaint:  where are the notes?  Who played that solo?).  Delbert and Townes are from the same tradition - TVZ used to cover "Fraulein."  And for the folks who like the more delicate poetical stuff, Nanci Griffith covers "The Tower Song," and everyone else plays acoustic. And lifelong TVZ supporter Guy Clark justly gets his crack at "To Live is To Fly." All in all, this comes off as a heartfelt tribute by TVZ's contemporaries. Not a bad disk.     