 Of all of the recent books on IT organization, strategic planning and operations management, this is without a doubt the best.  I'm making this statement, in part, because the book squarely addresses some thorny issues with which I am currently grappling.  These issues include organizing for effective and responsive service delivery and optimal use of IT as an enabling business resource. The issues that I am facing define the most appropriate audience for this book - if you are facing the same challenges, then this book is going to be immensely useful.   Highlights based on my requirements and research areas are: Section 1-The Value-Adding Consequences of Information Technologies:  "Managing Organizational Knowledge" and "Virtual Teams: Piecing Together the Puzzle" were two highly interesting and well-written essays that go to the essence of how to use IT to deliver value to the business.  Section 2-Successfully Implementing Technologies and Technology-Based Solutions: "Individual Acceptance of Information Technologies" was the best essay in this section. It provided some real insights into the critical success factors for effecting organizational change from process and systems viewpoints. Well worth reading if you are trying to effect organizational change. Section 3-The Intertwining of Business Strategy and Information Technology:  Every essay in this section is worth a careful read and some reflection.  There was an almost overwhelming amount of fresh ideas here. There were also some mundane material, but overall, this section is valuable. Section 4-Information Technology Management in an Information Age:  The section's title is trite, but the essays are not.  Of the four sections in this book this one was less academic and addressed real world issues head on. A few facts about this book needs to be understood: (1) it's somewhat academic in nature, (2) there is a coherent theme, but not a sequential "how to" book - it's a collection of highly focused essays, (3) the topic areas have some overlap. I personally gained much from the book as a whole and view it as an investment in knowledge.  Because of its theme and focus it may or may not be a good choice for all readers.     