 As a lead-in I am going to address the burning question first:  which is better, Visio or iGrafx Process? Answer:  it depends on what you want to accomplish. In fact, there are valid reasons for using both products because they actually compliment one another. iGrafx Process is designed as a process development tool that places at your disposal dynamic features.  The key word is "dynamic".  Whereas in Visio you can create static diagrams and attach data in the way of attributes, the diagrams are just that - static.  iGrafx, on the other hand, allows you to accomplish the same thing, but you can animate your process.  This allows you to quickly spot constraints, as well as determine whether or not steps in your process add value or not.  This is powerful. Taking the comparison further, iGrafx process attributes are rich and include information such as (1) min, max and average cycle time, and (2) work, wait, block and service time.  The second set of attributes fully supports queuing analysis.  Moreover, the attributes extend to task (work, process or delay), duration, cost, value, capacity and overtime), and custom attributes that can be quickly assigned to a process node.  Contrast this with Visio's standard attributes that can be assigned to process shapes.  They are limited to cost, duration and resources (for network shapes you have a richer set of attributes that support asset and configuration management, but the focus of iGrafx is process design).  One of the features I especially like is the ability to change view from normal (graphic depiction of the process) to tabular that shows tasks in rows and attributes in columns.  The columns include dependencies.  Of course, the ability to animate the process is a spectacular feature that can show you the flaws in your design before you implement it.  This verification and validation feature, in my opinion, is one of the reasons to add iGrafx to your toolset even if you also use Visio. Another feature that sets iGrafx apart is the statistical process control chart wizard. This wizard allows you to quickly design any of the major SPC charts, ranging from Pareto, x-bar, r, histograms and more.  This feature is invaluable for monitoring processes that have been implemented.  Finally, the iGrid feature is a wonderful touch - you can choose from among a plethora of grid types, including deployment charts, as an on-screen guide when laying out your process. How does this compliment Visio?  iGrafx will import Visio diagrams, and will export them in AutoCad dxf format so they can be read back into Visio.  It also has a VBA module, which will allow you to develop integrated solutions using Visio, iGrafx, Excel and other applications that can be extended with VBA.   When I need to develop a complex diagram Visio is the tool to which I turn first because there is no comparison between the large number of shapes that are available in Visio and the ease with which you can drag, drop and rearrange diagrams.  For static diagrams Visio is my first choice.  However, when I need to develop processes and assign and track a complex array of attributes, or quickly come of up a control chart, iGrafx is the right tool for the job. This excellent tool earns a solid 5 stars for innovative features that only a process developer could appreciate, and for its ability to seamlessly integrate with Microsoft Office family products through its VBA module.  Even if you are a staunch Visio user, if you do processes add this gem to your toolset.     