 Finally!  A book that addresses the fact that problem management goes far beyond the help desk domain and extends to encompass all of IT.  Problem management the key to IT/business alignment because it directly supports achieving reliability, availability and service objectives.   The approach taken in this book is, like all other books in the Enterprise Computing Institute series, to address people, process and technology.   The authors start this book with standard fare on help desk organization.  This information is available in virtually every help desk book on the market.  However, the discussion becomes interesting when process is introduced.  I thought the chapters on response models and service catalogs were particularly valuable. They certainly reflect the best practices that I have had to discover on my own as a service delivery consultant. Because I develop and implement service delivery solutions for a living I was gratified to see a chapter on this discipline.  While I found little new here (I do this for a living), the approach is sound and the focus on tiers 2 and 3 roles and responsibilities is something that is consciously missing from all of the books on help desk management that I have read. I did learn a lot from the chapter on knowledge capture and sharing.  This is an area that I have found to be weak in every organization in which I have had a consulting engagement.  While there has been a lot written about capturing and sharing knowledge at the tier 1 (help desk) level, little has been written prior to this book about capturing and sharing knowledge across IT from a problem management point of view.  Although this chapter does not provide detailed solutions it does give ideas and a good starting point from which to approach this aspect of IT problem management. The book ends with four final chapters that give a high-level overview of managing the process, service level agreements, service center tools and how to motivate IT participants in the problem management process.  This book fills a large void in the IT service delivery body of knowledge because it is the first to address problem management as something larger than help desk operations.  It extends the problem management process to tiers 2 and 3, which is something that the help desk books seem to only briefly address if they address it at all. Moreover, this book contains processes that are essential for aligning IT to business. As such this is a valuable addition to the professional body of knowledge for help desks and technical support specialists.  If you work in production services or IT management you should definitely read this book you will also find the information in this book to be invaluable.     