 Jill Dyche has written the definitive book on the business value of information and how it's leveraged by data warehousing. I could wax enthusiastic about this book for the next hour, but will merely state that Ms. Dyche is an excellent writer with a gift for reducing a complex subject into an easily understandable, information-packed 335-page book.  Although every page contained valuable information, here are the highlights as I see them: *  Business value is threaded throughout every page - this book is written for both IS/IT people and business process owners.  Both groups will have no problems understanding every chapter and neither group will get bored. *  The chapters on decision support and the primer on the underlying technology were particularly interesting to me because each are complex subjects and Ms. Dyche managed to present both in a concise manner without leaving out any detail. * Implementation issues provided in chapter 6 should be required reading by every IS/IT professional and project manager before they are allowed within a mile of a data warehouse project. This chapter is filled with advice that could have only been accrued by surviving numerous tough projects and learning from them.  It appears that Ms. Dyche did just that and one would be foolish to not read this chapter carefully. *  Case studies are real, go into a lot of depth and provide an array of insights and ideas.  I recommend that all of them be thoroughly read - there is a lot to learn. * Perils and Pitfalls cited in chapter 9 are brutally honest and hit home.  The same for the "dirty little secrets", which expose some dumb practices by vendors, IS/IT and other players.  Read and heed. Other things that I personally liked about this book include questions to ask vendors (a list of questions for hardware, database, application, data mining and various tools vendors provided in Chapter 6), and the 5 questions your consultant should ask you (as a consultant I immediately incorporated this information).   This is a book for everyone, business and technical, and is written by someone who is obviously experienced and knowledgeable.  It is also represents some of the wittiest, clearest writing I've encountered in a long time, which makes reading what could have been a dry tome a real pleasure.  The book deserves a solid 5 stars and Jill Dyche deserves congratulations for writing when I consider to be the best book on information business value ever published.     