 This book is thorough, clear and filled with useful information. It's organized in two parts. Part 1 defines CRM in chapter 1 and in the next six chapters covers the reasons and issues for implementing CRM from five perspectives:  (1) Marketing, (2) Customer Service/Call Centers, (3) Sales Force Automation, (4) E-business and (5) Data Analysis.  The case studies, all based on real clients and situations, add life to the well written chapters on marketing, customer service and sales force automation.  In addition each chapter contains nuggets of insight, clear discussion of the topic and numerous checklists and tables that you can use for your own projects. Part 2 covers delivering CRM and is structured in the logical sequence of planning, tool selection and CRM project management.  Like the first part of the book the four chapters in Part 2 contain case studies, checklists and excellent advice.  It is in this part of the book where you'll benefit from Jill's experience because she reveals common traps and pitfalls, and gives advice on how to deal with them or bypass them altogether. What I like about this book is that it covers the business and technical parameters, requirements and issues.  Jill's writing style makes it not only readable, but engrossing as well.  She goes into considerable detail about how and why CRM is important to meeting business requirements and gives business metrics, explains differences between CRM and business intelligence, and the pro's and con's of all issues and factors. Because she covers the subject from the five perspectives I listed above this book is valuable to all possible stakeholders in a CRM project.  I especially liked her use of the Porter value chain and how she leads you through the development of a business case for CRM. If you're involved in CRM, or are in a company that is implementing ISO9001:2000 (which requires that organizations have an effective method of measuring customer satisfaction to achieve ISO certification), then this book will be your most valuable source of information. If you want to see the dark side of CRM I recomment that you also read World Without Secrets by Richard Hunter, and for more information about CRM's underlying data I strongly recommend reading Jill's first book, e-Data: Turning Data into Information with Data Warehousing.     