 I got this book based on a recommendation of an associate who liked the way it laid out the implementation of a complex software suite.  I am not a SAP R/3 specialist, but am an IS/IT consultant who develops and implements service level management solutions and also manages projects of the complexity and scope of an R/3 implementation.  Moreover, I have been providing consulting services to a company that does specialize in R/3 integration, so reading this book became important for a number of professional reasons. Things I most like:  the book is an easy read and is laid out in a sequence that allows you to fully understand the issues and factors, and tasks and deliverables required to implement R/3 using SAP's ASAP approach. I loved the clear illustrations and the sequencing of tasks.  I had no problem understanding this book even though I had never implemented (or even supported R/3).  I saw numerous parallels between the R/3 implementation requirements and those of past projects in which I had participated.  When I was in the mainframe world a book this complete and clearly laid out would have been worth its weight in gold.  In fact, the clarity and information contained in the book is much better than anything I have read or used in *any* environment. I found none of the major shortcomings pointed out by previous reviewers.  I think the book addresses security in the detail called for because this implementation aspect is tailored to each enterprise and no single book can possibly cover it in detail.  I also found the information presented on two levels: one for technical staff and the other for business process owners, both groups will be playing a big role in any implementation.  Perhaps if the business and technical information were segmented in the book it would be more accessible to both groups; however, it would also break the flow of the book.  I personally like it the way it is.  I do agree that the CD ROM contains material that has nothing top do with the book's topic. Overall, I learned a lot about SAP R/3 ASAP implementation and general issues and factors for any large-scale application implementation from this book.  The author did an excellent job of structuring the book to correspond to project phases and stages, and the well designed illustrations greatly aided the text.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who is going to be involved in an R/3 ASAP implementation, or who needs a good model for planning the implementation of any complex enterprise application suite. It earns 5 stars from my point of view.     