 If you want a no frills book on the CMM get Mark Paulk's "The Capability Maturity Model", which is authoritative and written by one of the principal developers.  However, if you want a more readable book that explains the CMM this is the best I've read. This 350-page book  is comprised of five chapters and two appendices.  Chapter 1 covers the basic concepts and structure in clear terms.  Chapters 2 through 5 are devoted to capability levels 2 through 5.  Each chapter covers the key process areas of the level that it discusses and its applicable practices, and ends with a summary view of process assets and relationships between and among the key process areas at the particular level.  There are also exercises at the end of each chapter to reinforce the material and check your understanding.  I like this approach because with 316 practices you can quickly lose track of what's where within the CMM. So why the CMM?  Some claim it's a hindrance.  First, it does not tell you how to run your organization, only how mature your organization is based on key processes and practices that you employ. Your maturity level is indicative of the efficiency (read: cost effectiveness) or your organization and probable quality of  the software you produce.  Those who claim it's a hindrance, I suspect, really lack the discipline and/or leadership to achieve a level of maturity beyond repeatable - if that.  But the underlying reason to pay close attention to the CMM, or at least understand it, is because there is a lucrative business called litigation.  If you find yourself involved in product liability litigation you're going to hear terms like "prevailing standard of care" and "what a reasonable member of your profession would have done".  Considering the fact that well over a thousand companies world-wide have achieved level 3 or above, and the body of knowledge about the CMM is readily available, you might have some explaining to do if you claim ignorance.  This book will go a long way towards preventing that by at least arming you with the basics - and doing so in a clear manner.     