 I read this book to get up-to-speed in the systems and architectures that provide the underpinnings of e-business.  I am neither an e-commerce specialist nor a systems architect, but felt the need to understand the basics.  Until this book I searched in vain for one that could do a reasonable job of explaining such an encompassing and potentially complex subject.  What sets this book apart is its business focus and the fact that it was obviously written for managers who need to see the big picture without getting caught up in technical details.   The first four chapters focus strictly on the business issues and provide some good information about how to develop a workable e-business strategy. I like this because the author puts business imperatives and process before technology, which is as it should be. Chapter 5 steps you through some of the major systems and subsystems that comprise an "e-business" system.  Despite the technical nature, the author does not stray far from business issues.  This, in my opinion, is big plus. Architecture is covered thoroughly enough for a solid overview in chapters 6 and 7.  I personally gained a good understanding of system architectures in general and e-business architecture considerations in particular.  More importantly, although the author went into increasing levels of detain and delved into some areas in the deeper end of the technical pool, I was able to follow the material.  This is a tribute to the clear writing, excellent use of illustrations, and the author's personal talent for explaining complex topics in an understandable manner. The remainder of the book addressed the transition to e-business from business process and technical architecture points of view.  While I found this chapter interesting, it did not grab my attention like the previous seven chapters did.  However, the material is valuable. My goal of gaining an understanding of e-commerce systems and architectures at a high level was met thanks to this book. The book itself exceeded my expectations by making the learning experience easy through the author's engaging writing style and fast paced presentation of a lot of material in a relatively short book.  It earns five stars and my highest recommendation to anyone looking for a readable book on the topic.     