 This book/CD ROM combination is, indeed, a toolkit.  The essence of the book is a four-phase, 10-step approach for capturing and disseminating knowledge, and measuring the impact of your efforts in the form of ROI and other performance metrics. The phases and steps outlined are:  Phase I, Infrastructure evaluation, accomplished by the following steps: (1) analyzing your existing infrastructure (the "as is" part) and (2) aligning your KM and business strategies (to ensure that you are not devising solutions to "non-problems" and/or your strategy addresses real business requirements).  Phase II, KM System Analysis, Design and Development encompasses steps (3) designing the knowledge management architecture and integrating existing infrastructure, (4) auditing and analyzing existing knowledge, (5) building the knowledge management team, (6) creating the knowledge management blueprint, and (7) developing the knowledge management system. Phase III System Deployment entails steps (8) deploying with "results driven incrementation" methodology and (9) change management and cultural considerations. The final phase is Infrastructural evaluation, and is performed with the last step, 10, in the approach, which is measuring results of knowledge management, devising ROI metrics and evaluating system performance. A few things stand out: the approach is laid out and the CD ROM that comes with the book has evaluation forms and checklists that will assist greatly every step of the way. Second, the "results driven incrementation" (RDI) methodology is a sane implementation approach that starts with a pilot and grows from there. This prevents dumping money and resources into a strategy that stalls from over ambition or unrealistic expectations.  Phase I, however, is also a check against unrealistic expectations, so the author's overall approach avoids or mitigates a great deal of risk. I like the approach and tools because they are directly applicable to what I do for a living: developing and implementing IT processes in support of service delivery.  Among the tools I use are problem management systems and help desk software.  Most have KM modules (examples: Peregrine, Remedy ARS and SupportMagic).  What most do not have is the straightforward method and associated analysis and implementation tools for capturing and disseminating knowledge.  This book fills those gaps.  Moreover, KM is an essential and usually missing ingredient in project management.  While mature companies capture lesson's learned and make them available to other project teams, more often than not this information is not available and history keeps repeating itself.  The approach and tools provided in this book would go a long way in rectifying that situation in companies that are project-intensive (consulting, ASPs, developers, etc.). KM has matured beyond buzzwords and visions from people who have ideas but cannot implement, into an essential element of organization and process for companies that will survive.  Implementing it is hard work, but this 5-star book will show you how.     