 This book is one of a series on OPEN (Object-oriented Process Environment and Notation).  Unlike the other books in the OPEN series, this book is independent of any methodology and can also be used in non object-oriented environments. The title is appropriate:  this 426 page book and accompanying CD ROM is a toolbox of techniques that can be applied in any environment or within the context of any methodology.  It is, literally, an encyclopedia of techniques that consultants and business analysts can use to perform a variety of tasks or produce associated deliverables. If you are using this book as a generic compendium of tools and techniques, or you are not interested in OPEN, you can safely skip the first chapter that is an overview of OPEN.  If you work within an object-oriented environment you may find chapters 2 through 4 useful.  These chapters describe OPEN and how it relates to other O-O approaches.  If not, you can also skip these and jump to Appendix A, which is the heart of the book.   Appendix A is a collection of core techniques in alphabetical order ranging from abstract class identification to workshops.  There are over one hundred core techniques, each of which is presented using the following format: Technique Name and Star rating - 1 star = well tried, 2 stars = reasonably well validated, 3 stars = experimental. Focus, typical tasks for which the technique is used, related techniques, entry criteria and underpinning concepts. This header information is followed by: Technique description Technique useage Deliverables and output The CD ROM contains additional techniques that make this one of the most comprehensive resources available to a consultant.  The content on the CD ROM is in PDF format and is divided into three additional appendices.  Additional techniques are in two of these appendices, with the third covering supporting reference material. What I like about this book is the wide coverage of techniques. All of the standard fare is covered, and a lot of esoteric ones are also included.  I use it as a memory jogger or idea book when I an trying to find that "perfect" approach to performing a task or creating a deliverable.    Some minor irritations include the star ratings - I found them to be somewhat ambiguous, and the fact that the techniques are presented in alphabetical order instead of grouped by class.  A cross-reference in the front of the book would remedy that complaint. However, this book deserves a solid five stars because it is comprehensive and packs a lot of information into 426 pages and a CD ROM.  If you are a consultant or analyst this book is money well spent, and will make a great addition to your short list of everyday tools and references.     