 It's ironic that I just finished reading a book about customer relationship management CRM) in which all of the elements are needed in order to implement and effectively use CRM are the same elements that this book exposes are threats to us as individuals. This book is chilling for a number of reasons, but the top ones (in my opinion) are: (1) As an IT professional I am involved in CRM (customer relationship management), which has a goal of knowing your customer and providing individualized service - this requires knowing your customers and collecting data. After reading this book I had to step back and think about the impact on privacy and customer rights.  This is a Catch-22 situation wherein providing high levels of service requires a great deal of data, but the same data eats away at privacy.   (2) The array of technologies to gather information, including those that have migrated from the intelligence community into business and/or law enforcement, further chip away at privacy.  This is exacerbated by laws passed and national attitudes since September 11.  Privacy and freedoms are interrelated, so these technologies, combined with laws and attitudes pose a threat to our freedom as well.   (3)  Attitudes, business imperatives and social evolution are merging to change the entire social fabric of our way of life - and we are active participants in some aspects, and in other aspects we are facilitating this change.  The ways we are doing that is through willingness to accept changes that are detrimental to privacy, and/or the pursuit of meeting business imperatives and competitive advantage without fully examining the long term ramifications. What I like is the way the author thoroughly and systematically addresses the threats to our privacy, freedom and well being.  The discussion in "Rise of the Mentat", aside from catering to fans of  Frank Herbert's sci fi masterpiece, Dune, will open your eyes about how information is processed and fed to us.  After reading this chapter you'll wonder how much you really know, and how much of what you think you know is based on all available facts and data.   However, the real eye-opener is the way that virtual communities are coming together in ways that could not have been predicted ten years ago.  The Internet has enabled people of like interests, both benevolent and malevolent, to find one another on this planet, band together and begin exerting influence.  In the same manner that maps drawn with political borders do not display cultural borders, these groups called "Network Armies" in the book go beyond cultural or national interests and are changing our social fabric in ways that the author only touches upon. This book is well written, filled with examples and facts, and arrives at thought-provoking conclusions. It does not matter if you work in IT or another technology-focused industry, law, business or non-profit organizations, what this book has to say and the facts and conclusions that are presented are important.  If the author is correct (and I think he is), our lives are changing in dramatic ways and this book is a rough roadmap to where we're headed.     