 There are two things about this book that make it the best book on software testing that's currently available: (1) it gives you a complete, proven process and the details and documents needed to implement and use the process, and (2) it is a page turner.  Yes, a page turner, and the reason I make this claim is that on nearly every page is a text box that gives anecdotes, opinions and stories from real life. That, plus the conversational writing style that the authors effectively use makes what could be a dry topic lively and fun to read. Good writing alone does not make a technical book 'the best currently available' without other distinguishing features.  Here's what sets this book apart from all others: * The core processes and details are based on IEEE standards, but they don't adhere to them.  Instead the authors have taken the 15 years of experience from teaching a course that evolved into this book and have used what works, modified what doesn't work so well, and have incorporated field experience from their own testing background as well as suggestions and recommendations from their students.  The net result is a standards-based and systematic approach that is tempered with practical experience. * All of the software testing artifacts and deliverables are provided in both template and worked example form.  This alone will give test engineers and their organizations a standard, proven format for these critical documents. * Testing is not treated as a standalone process.  The authors show how testing is connected to requirements, business imperatives, and project management.  This is a realistic view of the real world. There is much more to this book than the highlights I cited, but the previous reviewer covered them well.  I cannot think of a single client for whom I've consulted and advised who would not benefit from adopting this book as their test process manual.  I cannot think of a single topic of any importance that is not covered in the book, and believe that this book will become the standard reference for test process management for years to come.     