 A wonderful tool for road warriors and IT support personnel if used within its limitations.  Understanding those limitations will make the difference between your liking or hating this card, and will also set your expectations for what you should use this card for. Limitations:  this is a relatively low-speed communications device that is constrained by digital phone network capabilities and not the engineering behind the device itself. I use Verizon and have gotten reasonably good results in both speed and communications reliability when using this with a laptop.  What is "reasonably good results"?  I view it as communication speed in the 14.4-19.6kpbs range, which is much slower than we are used to for web browsing and downloading dozens of e-mail messages, some with massive attachments.  If you are expecting the same speed as you get from your laptop modem, home DSL or office LAN you will be sorely disappointed.  If you want a solution to getting last minute e-mail before getting on a plane and are using a web-based e-mail system (like Microsoft Outlook's web-based option or a mail service like Yahoo or Hotmail) this is an excellent tool.  The difference between POP (post office protocol) mail that most of us use and the web-based variety is you have no control over the message download process with POP - it steams into your system until all messages have been downloaded.  You get the spam and low priority stuff with the important messages.  Web-based mail allows you to preview the messages and selectively download and read them.  If you do not have web-based e-mail and expect to use this card with POP mail, you might be in for a disappointment.  It takes forever to download mail at the relatively low speed at which this device operates.   Other issues include the cell site strength of your provider. I use Verizon and live in Southern California.  My area has great service and coverage, except for in the late afternoon when the network seems to congest and calls drop.  If you have problems with dropped calls with your provider this might not be the device for you. How IT professionals can use this device.  If you have a laptop or palmtop computer and get paged that is triggered by an event, such as a file system at 80% or, say, a database problem, you can hook this device into your phone/laptop and initiate a telnet session once you get into your network - regardless of where you are, troubleshoot and possible resolve the problem.   As an IT professional I personally view this device as an emergency tool, much like the jumper cables I carry in my trunk. I do not use it often, but when I need it I know I have a tool that will connect me to where I need to connect.  Surfing the net with it, on the other hand, is not only agonizing, but expensive. It installs easily and works right out of the box. You be the judge and make an informed decision based on limitations and utility.  If you can live with the limitations and see the same potential for utility as I, then this is a 5 star device, which is how I'm rating it.     