 I was introduced to Mr. Grady's work when I borrowed a copy of Software Metrics: Establishing a Company-Wide Program.  Where that book interwove a storyline into metrics and how they support mature process improvement, this book is more like a desk reference.  Mr. Grady has divided this book into two parts:  tactical metrics, which are project-oriented, and strategic metrics which address process improvement.   The first part starts with a collection of practical rules of thumb for software managers. This collection of heuristics covers every phase of the development life cycle and are backed up with data gathered during 125 software projects at Hewlett-Packard.  An example of one of these rules of thumb is that you will find 1 defect after software has been released into production for every 10 defects caught during testing. This, of course, is purely empirical, but is an interesting rule that I mentally filed away. Some highlights of the first part are: a good introduction to the goal-question-metric approach to determining what to measure based on your objectives, and a focus on project goals of maximizing customer satisfaction while minimizing project schedule and costs, and product defects.  This is followed by chapters that address each of these goals.  One of the best chapters in the first part of this book is work analysis. While I am more focused on the service delivery side of metrics (after the project has produced something that has been released into production), some of the metrics were very valuable to me - especially the ones that revolved around testing and QA. Part 2 is squarely in my domain - production and application support, and service delivery. The best chapter, Dissecting Software Failures, was one of the most insightful descriptions of the defect life cycle I have ever read. It fully addresses defect data collection and analysis, and how to use this data to effect process and product improvement.  Even better is the chapter on investing in process improvement.  Here Mr. Grady gives a workable approach to using the defect data to developing a business case for process improvement. He guides you through developing a plan, selecting from among an array of solutions, and case studies.   This book is a quick read. It's main value lies in the many tables and facts provided on nearly every page.  I use it as a desk reference, especially the appendices that summarize defect origins, types and modes, and metrics definitions.  It spans both project and production metrics, and is as valuable to project managers as it is to application support professionals.     