 My motive for reading this book was to check my understanding of the issues and factors involved with mobile communications for PDAs and digital phones. As a recent member of a product development project for extending SAP R/3 and PeopleSoft to mobile phones and PalmOS PDAs I thought I had a grasp of the technology and associated issues.  How wrong I was.  This book provided me with a basic framework that would have proven invaluable during my project, and some key insights about mobile internet devices as opposed to landline-based devices. The framework uses primary and secondary feedback loops between and among services to be offered, user populations, content, device type, business models and portals and search engines.  This framework allows an analyst (or marketing specialist) to classify the elements based on ranges (simple to complex, single-to-multifunctional, etc.) and to examine cause and effect, and significance. There are many levels to this book and more than one audience.  My comments are from the viewpoint of an IT consultant whose goals are to understand mobile internet requirements, how content can be effectively displayed on small screens and the future of mobile computing with phones and PDAs.  This book will also prove invaluable to marketing specialists, business strategists and infrastructure capacity management folks; however, none of these areas are covered in this review.  Within this context I gleaned the following knowledge and insights from this book:  (1) attempting to based mobile services on scaled down landline internet services is a mistake because the devices for each are vastly different, (2) a common mistake is to start with complex services and systems - the wild success of Japan is based on starting simple, and the abysmal failure of the US and Europe is based on providers attempting the opposite. Both of these basic principles are directly tied to the trade-offs between reach (services available to a mobile device have greater reach than a landline device) and richness (limitations of a mobile display restricts the 'glitz' that can be presented on that display). The foregoing should be carefully studied by anyone who is concerned with usability, and is also must reading for content developers and architects.  In addition, the research performed by the author provides some insights about what people likely to embrace mobile internet access seek.  There are some surprises here because two of the most popular consumers of bandwidth are downloading screen savers and ring tones.  Another surprise is the usage patterns, which are typically restricted to 10-minute spurts, and the difference between mobile and fixed internet peak use patterns.  All of the facts presented are backed with statistics and cited references.  The author's research methods will prove interesting to requirements analysts and marketing analysts. The book ends with an objective view of what Japan is doing right and what the rest of the world is doing wrong with respect to mobile internet usage, which is balanced by weaknesses and threats to Japan's early success and opportunities available to the US and Europe for cashing in on the mobile internet.  Even if you have no specific learning objectives this book makes for an interesting read and would make an excellent text for a college course in marketing.     