 This delightful book is for not only IS/IT professionals who are venturing into management (or who got promoted into management from technical positions and are bewildered by the politics they now must figure out), but consultants as well.   First, it's a summary of the key things a manager should be paying attention to if he or she is going to be successful.  Second, it is a guidebook to surviving the inevitable political game that one must play in order to succeed.  To those former techies who find themselves in management and pine for the days when all they had to deal with was technical problems the advice about how to successfully "play the game" will give you confidence and actually might make "the game" fun.  It also sets a context for how you will fit into the IS/IT organization as a manager, and shows you ways you can take the initiative and make a real difference.  This is career enhancing material.  Third, this book provides a common sense approach to managing technology, introduces you to processes and their value, and gives some valuable insights into dealing with people on your staff.  It is a big leap from dealing with machines and recalcitrant software to dealing with people. Systems can be dealt with using logic and troubleshooting skills. People are illogical by nature and do not respond well to "troubleshooting". This book will show you how to deal with these illogical creatures and troubleshoot them without their knowing it. For a consultant, the knowledge and skills in this book are as applicable, especially the insights into politics (we are certainly not immune to them ourselves, and worse, have to adjust to each client's particular culture). Dealing with people is another skill that we need to continually refine.  In fact, people skills are probably more important than technical skills to a consultant, so this book is especially valuable in that respect.   I thought the chapters on managing technology and processes were valuable because they contain some fresh thinking that got to the core of what's really important.   Overall this book is filled with great information and is well written. I give it 5 stars and recommend it highly to colleagues and clients alike.     