 Synopsis:  Topical, hilarious and short. If you work in a cube farm or for a start-up in any industry you'll recognize the situations and players because they are not just at Amazon or in the Pacific Northwest, but are an amalgamation of corporate America and the wage slaves that exemplify the contemporary workplace. This is a fast, easy read.  On one level it's an amusing story filled with trivia and told in an irreverent, politically incorrect 'rap'.  Each page contains something that will make you chuckle or laugh out loud.  View it as a loosely connected series of vignettes that deliver absurdities, improbable situations that have basis in fact and a broad characterization of life in the fast lane  - where fast lane is defined by wild growth presided over by people whose brilliant ideas are only exceeded by their eccentricities. One example that sticks in my mind is about Jeff Bezo's love of dogs and his policy of allowing employees to bring their dogs to work at the corporate headquarters.  What happened was the dogs formed packs and roamed the halls, which paints a vivid picture of the absurd while showing the surreal nature of working for as company led by personalities that were a bit left of the centerline.   I also loved the way Daisey captures the essence of personality types - his description of Employee #5, a brilliant but quirky Unix guru is the archetype for every system programmer and Unix guru in the universe: extremely intelligent and utterly lacking in social skills and a sense of the real world around them.  In fact, Daisey's keen powers of observation and ability to paint pictures in prose that reminds me of Tom Wolf's "Electric Kool-aid Acid Test" makes him the spokesman for a generation of dockers-clad, 30-somethings that baffle their older coworkers.  He also has a touch of Hunter Thompson, especially in his e-mails, which are remarkably similar in style and spirit to Thompson's pre-gonzo letters, such as "The Proud Highway".  In fact, this book comes close to Thompson's "The Great Shark Hunt" for style and a humorous look at the absurd. However, the bottom line is this book is plain fun and will be meaningful to anyone trapped in a cube farm or who is working 70+ hours a week with no idea why.  It'll add a little sanity and more than a few laughs to that insane thing you call life.     