 Prior to receiving this book as a gift the sum of what I knew about smart cards was: I had one in my GSM cell phone that allowed me to switch to a new phone by removing the card from my old one and inserting it into the new one (a major convenience because my friends with CDMA and TDMA cell phones had to jump through hoops).  I also knew my access card to the building in which I worked was a smart card that contained a lot of information about who I was, when I could enter the building and to which areas I could access, and I had seen Sun's Blade 100 workstations integrated smart card reader that identified and authenticated users and allowed them to move from one workstation to another and resume their sessions.   After reading this book I feel like a whole new world of possibilities have opened. First, Chuck Wilson, the author is a talented writer who possesses the ability to make a rather mundane subject fascinating.  He starts with a history of smart cards and proceeds to show how versatile these devices are.  I quickly learned that smart cards are much more than a security device or convenient way to carry a lot of data in a small form factor the size of a credit card.  For example, the possibilities of these devices as an alternative to credit cards where debits can be made using the logic on the card itself is mind boggling.  It doesn't take a leap of imagination to see how a smart card could one day replace cash.  Of course there are some hurdles that must be overcome, and Mr. Wilson provides a thorough discussion of them and some of the ways that they can be overcome.  A surprise was the growing use of smart cards outside of the United States and some of the reasons why they are slow to catch on here.   Among the chapters I enjoyed (probably because I'm such a geek) were: chapter 3, which delved into the technology and chapter 6, which focused on security with respect to e-commerce.  This chapter gives a clear description of the underlying security infrastructure.  I also enjoyed chapter 8, which covered biometrics and how smart cards could be used in conjunction with that technology to provide a high level of security. It's been a long time since I've read a technical book that was fun to read, informative and addressed business and technical issues.  More importantly, though, is how applicable smart cards are to information systems from the standpoint of security and an enabler of e-commerce; and their equal importance to business as a means to prevent fraud and provide consumers with a convenient and safe alternative to cash and credit cards.  This book earns my highest recommendation to technical and business professionals and 5 stars.     