 Although the book's description states that it is intended for web hosting customers I found it to be invaluable for both customers and providers. The first two chapters are clearly intended for hosting and services customers. They form an executive summary of what is to follow.  Chapters 3 though 6 discuss various hosting and service options,  While these, too, are written for prospective services customers I hope service providers will also take the time to read Mr. Kaye's assessment of service offerings.  Where customers will get an understanding of the strengths and weaknesses of each alternative, service providers will see themselves in a mirror.  The providers that want to rise to the top will spot opportunities to differentiate their services. In a similar manner, the chapters on outsourcing, risk management and SLAs are intended for customers.  However, service providers will gain much from reading these chapters because Mr. Kaye points out the many shortcomings in ISP/MSP services and business practices.  Aggressive service providers will address those issues to attain competitive advantage.  Customers who read these chapters, on the other hand, will have powerful negotiating advantages. While I am not sure that the ten chapters on technologies and tools fit within the book's theme I learned a lot from them.  I'm an IT consultant, but my primary skills and knowledge are IT operations, service level management and process improvement.  The information in the final ten chapters got me quickly up to speed in the web technical infrastructure and related tools, but I doubt that the business decision makers, to whom the first part of this book caters, will find them interesting. Overall this book is a valuable resource to both customers and providers.  The strongest part in my opinion addresses service level agreements and vendor management.  It stands out for sorting out the complex array of outsourcing and service alternatives, thus supporting sound business decisions.  The web site and discussion forum that supports this book (the URL is provided in the book) increase the value because the material will never be out of date and you can pose questions directly to the author.     