 This is a chronicle of one man's attempt to do the right thing only to pay a high price in his personal and professional life.  The book opens with a quote from Merrill Lynch's corporate counsel made then the author joined the firm, "[b]ut let integrity slip and take second place to revenue - then it will cost more than dollars. The cost could be fatal." This sets the background in what was to become a war of one rookie financial consultant against hypocrisy and internal expediency that was the opposite of the lofty rhetoric of the corporate counsel. As the story unfolds there are interesting dynamics among the corporate organism and some of the players that emerge, and a clear indictment of the government oversight and industry self-regulation that were supposed to quickly address and remedy the incidents that the author reported.  An example of the dynamics is shown when one of the managers who was ultimately fired as a result of the author's whistle blowing assisted the author.  His motivation had nothing to do with new found ethics or conscience as much as revenge.  The cavalier and bumbling manner that characterized the NASD investigation of the author's allegations.  It gets worse: one of the Merrill Lynch senior executives against whom charges of wrongdoing that was to be investigated was actually serving as a member of the NASD District Business COnduct Committee in the district charged with the investigation. The posturing by Merrill Lynch executives, the documented evidence that they were more concerned with damage control than remediation, and the incredible power they wielded over government and industry overseers only added to an appalling, but not surprising story. The reason it's not surprising is that the Enron story has prepared many who read this book for what should be shocking revelations.  I fear, though, that many of us have grown jaded and cynical by that debacle. However, this is a story about a real person and not a faceless mass of shareholders, which adds a personal touch. The bottom line is that through a legal clause the author could not have his day in court.  Instead he was forced to go through arbitration and lost.  That too is no surprise since the same internecine relationship between Merrill Lynch and NASD and the government existed with those who professionally arbitrate in that industry. A few things about the story - there is no bitterness or rancor on the part of the author.  He is fair and objective, and writes in an even manner.  He names people by name, has thoroughly documented the episode and has left it to the body of readers to be the court of public opinion.  The book is a good read, and it may just expose some of the fallacies in the very systems that are designed to protect us as individuals, consumers and shareholders.     