 This is a good introduction to data warehousing for business process owners, project managers and service delivery and support professionals.  Like all books in the Enterprise Computing series this one follows the people-process-technology pattern, with a focus on business value.   The authors start by showing how data warehouses fit into the context of IT architecture, and how this relates to fulfilling business needs.  This is followed by a clearly presented section on concepts that will be easily understood by non-technical readers, especially business process owner who are exploring the benefits and advantages of data warehousing.    Scope and complexity of designing, implementing and deploying a data warehouse are discussed in detail in Section II, starting with some excellent material for developing a business case and determining the cost/benefit ratio of a data warehouse initiative.  Information in this section is also useful for planning a data warehouse project because it provides low-level details on roles and responsibilities.  A key point here is the way the project is structured with both technical and business resources.  I like this approach because it involves all of the major stakeholders and IT customers from the beginning instead of the more common practice of waiting until the last minute to involve the business.  This approach will go a long way towards making a data warehouse project a success and ensuring that the business gets what it really needs instead of what IT thinks the business needs. The technology section of this book is an excellent description of data structures, meta data and topics that need to be understood in view of the large difference between a data warehouse and an online transaction processing system.  I learned a lot from this section and appreciated the way the information was clearly presented.  I also liked the fact that the authors included a section on production and maintenance.  Other books stop short of this important milestone in a development life cycle, which leaves a lot of unaccounted for issues.  This section completes the total picture of a data warehousing initiative and sets realistic expectations for the true costs, resources and effort required to implement and maintain a data warehouse throughout its entire life cycle. This is a nicely done book that is accessible to both technical and non-technical readers, and is one of the best resources with which to get up-to-speed on data warehousing without getting bogged down with too many technical details.     