 This book is broken down into requirements processes and techniques, which makes an ideal reference for companies that are implementing requirements engineering, for consultants who are developing and implementing requirements processes and procedures for clients, and for individuals who are seeking to improve their professional skills. I like the way this book starts with a frequently asked questions (FAQ) about requirements.  In my experience requirements and the processes and techniques that are associated with eliciting and analyzing them are not clearly understood. Too often requirements spill into design, and this part of the book will show you what a requirement is and what it is not. The requirements process models covered in this book are complete, and serve as a complete life cycle of a requirement from elicitation to analysis, validation and management.  Some strong points about this approach include the need to test requirements, as well as to manage changes as they are refined.  Moreover, the authors' approach to constantly assuring traceability is a mature practice and the key, in my opinion, to effective requirements management. Part two of this book covers the requirements engineering techniques that are the "moving parts" of the processes.  Some are outdated or cumbersome, such as Structured Analysis and Design Technique (SADT), while others are interesting, such as Viewpoint-oriented System Engineering (VOSE).  Some highlights of this part of the book include: definition of non-functional requirements (another grossly misunderstood aspect of requirements management), interactive system specification approaches and transitioning to object-oriented design.  I also found the case study at the end of the book both useful and interesting. I think this book is an excellent starting point for understanding requirements engineering. It covers a wide range of methods and does not advocate any particular methodology, which makes it valuable for generalists who do not want to lock themselves into a single way of managing requirements.  The processes provided are excellent and complete.  I recommend this as a first book on requirements engineering because of its unbiased and straightforward treatment of this discipline.     