 Version 5 has features I dreamed about in 3.0 and 4.0, but despaired of ever seeing. Adobe made my dreams come true. Here are the highlights that make this an essential tool if you work with PDF files or transform other documents into PDF format: You can now save files in rich text format (RTF), which can be directly opened and edited in Microsoft Word (and other applications). I was able to do this in version 4 with an expensive third-party plug-in that did not always produce the results I was looking for.  Version 5 does not need the plug-in and does a much better job.   Two other features that I love are the ability to extract images from a PDF file and save them as Tiff, JPEG or PNG graphics.  This is really powerful.  A nice touch is the user interface, which now makes Acrobat's tool bars look like those in Microsoft Office applications.  I thought this was a quantum improvement over the confusing interface in previous versions. Adobe touts added security features in this version, but the only thing I found different is the 128-bit encryption.  Version 4 gave me total control over protecting documents from alteration, selecting and copying text and printing.  As a consultant I sometimes need to provide clients with intellectual property that I need to protect, and the features that I enjoyed in version 4 have been fully carried over in this version.  Another nice feature that has been carried over from the previous version is the ability to open a web page from within Acrobat and save it as a PDF file.  I have grabbed many pages from many sites for off-line reading using this feature and it still works without a problem in version 5. Other features that are interesting, but I have not tried, include the ability to create and publish dynamic forms online, and support for XML form data. When I get time I plan to play around with creating and publishing the dynamic forms because I can think of a dozen uses on my web site.   Overall this is a solid product that did not cause me the same pain I endured when I moved from version 3 to 4.  Everything works as advertised and some of the new features are plain wonderful.     