 In the seven years since the 1995 release of the P-CMM, version 1 I've not encountered any sincere effort by any US client to implement the process.  My personal theory is that the P-CMM was little known outside of the software engineering community, especially the DoD-related community, when it should have received wider dissemination to human resources and higher-level management.  This book from a mainstream publisher should change that.  With respect to the model itself, the previous reviewer has done a remarkable job of describing the model and how this book supports it.  I have a few additional notes to add: (1) This book is about version 2, which corrects some flaws in the first version which had team building at level 4.  In the version, 2, described in this book team building has been placed at level 3. (2) Another change from version 1 to version 2 is the alignment of the P-CMM to the CMMI, especially with respect to integrated product and process development. (3) Version 2 adds institutionalization goals to each process area. If you have previous experience with the older versions of P-CMM, or CMM-SW, or the newer approaches as set forth in later versions and CMMI, you'll note that there are two implementation models: staged and continuous.  The staged approach is the only supported implementation for P-CMM version 2. The book goes into extraordinary detail about the P-CMM and how to implement it.  You can easily use this book as a roadmap to achieving levels 2 through 5 of the P-CMM, or as a resource for improving the people part of the people-process-technology triad that defines IT.  As such you need not have certification as a goal to gain value from this book.  If you do decide to pursue certification at level 2 or higher, however, I strongly recommend that you also get a copy of Kim Caputo's 'CMM Implementation Guide'.  That book, while focused on implementing the CMM-SW, contains sage advice and a sound approach to dealing with the real problems that you'll encounter: organizational inertia and resistance, training and implementation issues and obtaining they key ingredient - commitment to perform.     