 Key performance indicators (KPIs)are measurements of how well you are meeting goals or objectives that have been identified as success factors for strategic and tactical initiatives. There are two ways KPIs are used:  (1) to determine to what extent critical success factors are being met if your approach is strategy->critical success factor->KPI, or (2) as to quantify goals if you are using the Goal-Question-Metric framework.  In either case, identifying the right things to measure and how much (or little) of whatever it is you're measuring is an indicator that you're meeting your targets is the difficult part. This book has three parts:  (1) an introduction to KPIs, and an 8-step approach to developing them, (2) exercises for working through the 8 steps, and (3) a facilitator guide.  The third part of the book is a welcome addition because any process that is going to produce KPIs (strategic planning, process improvement or new initiatives) is generally a collaborative effort with stakeholders who may or may not see the big picture. This is especially the case when you're trying to develop and get consensus on what key performance indicators are valid in a cross-functional or enterprise-wide effort. The eight steps themselves are straightforward and are provided within the context of a framework of Initiate/Build/Implement/Review. INITIATE consists of three steps: (1) align the KPI development with any other activities that are affected by the specific initiative, (2) set the purpose for the stakeholders who will be involved in KPI development, (3) obtain consensus on how the KPIs will be developed, which is where Parts 2 and 3 of this book show their value).  BUILD is comprised of steps 4 identify critical success factors, or in the case of the Goal-Question-Metric approach, identify the questions, and 5, select the KPIs or questions. IMPLEMENT is performed in steps 6, which is the development of reporting and review frameworks, and 8, using the KPIs as an enabler for performance improvement; i.e., refine them as needed.  REVIEW is a single step, 8, which is a continuous monitoring and refinement of KPIs, as well as monitoring to ensure that they are still valid. This is an excellent resource to support group planning and decision making.  It's well-written and clearly presented.  I especially like the inclusion of Parts 2 and 3, both of which will allow you to use this book as a meaningful tool instead of a "how to" guide.  Highly recommended.     