 This book is an essential resource for anyone who manages web sites of any size or complexity.  I purchased this book to research current practices in content management thinking it was applicable only to large sites. I found out that the information was as useful for small sites, including my modest personal site with approximately 20 pages and a few dozen download files. The book starts out with two parts devoted to context and basic mechanics of content management: Part I is a single chapter that discusses motivation for content management, and Part II consists of 7 chapters covering concepts and principles.   While Part I is self-evident, Part II is a thorough look at all facets of content management from the definition of an asset through managing multiple web initiatives.  Some highlights of Part II include: (1) clear definition of versioning and control mechanisms (in principle they are the same as those used in software configuration management for source code), (2)best practices for collaboration, which includes a well-defined cycle of submit-compare-update-merge and publish process, version snapshots and test cycles, (3)workflow processes that cover people, project, process and business factors,  and (4) deploying content, which mirrors to a large degree IT practices for releasing code changes into production. I especially liked the way this aligns to IT operations best practices by treating the process in the same manner as a mature change control process, including roll-back procedures.  Also valuable about this Part of the book is the frequent inclusion of checklists. Part III covers design and implementation of content management processes and tools.  Here is where workflow, template system and deployment design is elevated from the discussion of concepts and principles in the preceding section into a working system.  This part of the book also discusses future trends in content management.  Appendices are in Part IV.  Each is as valuable as the body of the book, but I particularly liked Appendix B-Workflow Design for Formal Hand Off Between Groups,  and Appendix D-Basic Process Steps of a Best-Practice Content Management Process.  This book addresses an important subject because managing content on even a small site is no small task.  The authors provide a straightforward method, complete with case studies and checklists, to get a handle on what is probably the most difficult aspect of web site management.  The writing is clear and the book is exceptionally well illustrated.  It is also completely consistent with traditional IT and software engineering practices for change control and software configuration management.     