 My technical bookself is filled with all kinds of serious looking books that I am sure impress visitors. Tucked away in the back is this colorful gem with its fun cover and not-so-serious demeanor.  I have written my share of code, most of which was in JCL and REXX on mainframes, so how hard can a mark-up language be, right?  Not hard when you have the right book, and this book is it. I was able to quickly pick up the basics in a few hours, and learned a lot of tricks and cool things along the way. I could have probably gained the same knowledge with a more technical book, but I do not think it would have been enjoyable.  I am fairly positive that if I did not have an extensive background in computers I would not have bothered to learn HTML from another book.   Among the things I like about this book are:  (1) It makes HTML accessible to anyone because it is presented in a highly visual manner. The design of this book is important because it makes learning easy, even for non-technical users who just want to get a web page up. (2)  It goes well beyond the basics.  You can have a simple, but attractive, page up very quickly, then refine it to include frames, multimedia pizzaz such as sound, animation and the such as you become more proficient.  (3) It goes beyond the geek stuff to explain how to make a page eye-catching. This is really the hardest part of getting a web page up - anyone can create a web page, but it takes some real planning to create one that is not an eye sore. It stands to reason that authors who create visually appealing, well thoughtout books will pay attention to web page design, which is exactly what these authors did. This book is so well written that I found the time in my busy schedule to read it and create some pages on my PC (hint: you can make pages with your favorite editor and preview them from your hard disk using your browser before you upload them to your web site).  Now all I have to do is find the time to refine and test my pages and upload them to my own site, which is in dire need of a facelift.   I cannot recommend this book highly enough.  It is fun to read, contains a wealth of information and makes learning HTML both fun and easy. Don't let the pretty cover fool you - the book also has some advanced techniques that are presented in a clear, friendly manner.  If you want to put up a web page and thought it was too hard or technical buy this book.  You will impress yourself and your friends.     