 This book is a truly valuable resource if you meet all of the following criteria:  (1) you are either a Project Management Professional (PMP), which is a certification bestowed by the Project Management Institute to individuals who meet rigorous screening qualifications for education and experience  and successfully pass a comprehensive examination based on the Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK), or are seeking the PMP certification, and (2) you or your organization primarily uses Microsoft Project. For those PMPs and PMP candidates who use other tools this book will still be valuable, but not to the degree it is for the first group. The book's key strengths are:  it completely adheres to the PMBOK, takes a teaching approach, and starts with a case study that is used and expanded as each of the nine PMBOK process areas are introduced and explained.  This is a powerful approach to teaching because the PMBOK process areas are introduced in sequence and the exercises at the end of each chapter reinforces the material presented in that chapter.  For Microsoft Project users this book also teaches some advanced techniques with that package, and does so in a manner that is wholly consistent with the PMBOK.  Moreover, it takes into account the unique challenges imposed by IS projects.  As an added bonus the accompanying CD ROM comes with a copy of Microsoft Project 2000 that is fully functional for a 120-day trial period (Appendix A also is a quick guide to this software). Weaknesses:  Many IS shops have development methodologies, such as the Rational Unified Process, in place. Although most methodologies, including the Rational Unified Process, can be aligned to the PMBOK this book does not address how to do this in any detail. Another issue is IS in most of the larger enterprises, especially those with mature project management practices in place, use ABT Project Workbench, which is an enterprise-strength project management tool.  This diminishes the value of this book to readers who are used to the more sophisticated features of tools designed for the enterprise.   This book is an exceptionally well written and designed tool for teaching the PMBOK within the context of IS projects.  If you fall into the primary audience I described above this is a "must-have" book.     