 This book fills a niche aimed squarely at small site operators who want to peek under the hood and fully understand how to measure their site's traffic. The best way to describe what's in this book is to quote from the back cover, "What you know: enough to have created a web site ... how to get server log files". "What you'll learn"  - Techniques for gathering data on users - Standards and guidelines for interpreting your data - How other sites ensure that they respect user privacy - Insight into how other sites use web traffic analysis The book delivers on the above promises by showing you how to select the best approach that meets your requirement, and use that approach.  The technical approaches include log file analysis, page tagging, and cookies.  The latter is a definite privacy issue, so the chapter on privacy is important even if you're running a small home page. I co-manage a few web sites with a colleague, one of which is a small commercial site called processdox (ASIN B0001F96ZO).  For statistics we use a service called extremetracking (ASIN B00006E2FS), and for the most part it is good enough. However, since I do have access to server logs, and can tag every page on the site, this book gave me options to go beyond the available tools. While page tagging is more effective, I chose to go with log analysis since the time and effort of anything more than that was not worth it.  If I were operating a high volume commercial site with competitors I would have either used page tagging, or even outsourced this function to a service provider.  Before reading this book I was not aware of the many options, and why one was better than another in a given situation.  Therein lies the value of this book to a small site operator. To get the most from this book you do need to be technically inclined because some of the chapters are about coding your own solution.  Even those chapters, though, were so clearly explained that an inexperienced site operator will have no problem understanding all of the details. Be aware that much of the technical material in this book does not scale up to larger commercial sites.  While the case studies and privacy information will be useful to anyone running any size site, the traffic analysis techniques are best in a small site setting. If that is where you are, then this is a perfect book because it will not sidetrack you with information that a small site operator doesn't need.  If you are looking for a book that addresses this subject from a larger business viewpoint I suggest "Web Metrics: Proven Methods for Measuring Web Site Success" (ISBN 0471220728).     