 This book is a light, high-level view of architecture.  It doesn't pretend to be a comprehensive "how-to" or highly technical tome.  Instead, it breaks down the complexities of developing an architecture into a set of guiding principles and seven discrete steps.  Products are not mentioned and technology is subordinated to broad discussions instead of specifics. It starts with an extremely brief, but informational, description of the characteristics of e-business and some of the challenges and opportunities that set it apart from an architectural requirements standpoint.  This is followed with an in-depth discussion of the "essence of architecture" that sets the tone and pace for the rest of the book.  I like this because there is a vast difference between a definition, which can be succinctly described, and an essence, which is more a philosophy.  The philosophy given by the author is sensible and lays the foundation for the principles and seven steps of defining the architecture that follow in later chapters.  Especially valuable is way architecture is broken down into views: component, design, blueprint and framework.  Also included in the essence section are two chapters, one addressing object-oriented methods and the other on project scope.  Each contained a wealth of information and some sound points of view and advice. Regardless of your knowledge or experience I recommend reading through these two chapters because of the fresh ideas that pop up throughout them.  It forced me to see things in ways that I do not normally observe. The seven-step solution building process encompasses the eight chapters of Part II.  The first chapter, introduction, gives guiding principles and these are worth printing on a large poster and memorizing. The process itself is (1) business modeling, (2) IS modeling, (3) Current IS analysis, (4) IS architectural planning, (5) implementation planning, (6) deployment and (7) review.  In one respect there is nothing new or unique about this process, but the value in reading through each of the chapters is how clearly the approach is described and how the supporting information is developed.  The writing here (and illustrations) exemplify clarity.  I gained a lot, too, from the many lists and tables.   Part III is titled "Let's Get Practical" and is where the author ties together loose ends by addressing the use of consultants, methodologies (good and bad) and reuse.  There is a lot of wisdom and advice here as in the rest of the book - much of it delivered with humor and always with good sense. Overall, this is an excellent book.  It's well written, filled with information and puts you in the right frame of mind to tackle architecture in a methodical manner. What it does not do is provide technical details or espouse any particular product or technology - there are other books for that.     