 If you are planning, scheduling and controlling projects in accordance with the process laid out by Project Management Institute's Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK) then you will appreciate this program's power and features. The features that align to the PMBOK are:  easy planning using a work breakdown structure, correct computations for earned value and resource leveling that works properly.   Features that I particularly like are:  direct import of data into an Excel pivot table (this feature has been in the program since version 1.0, and takes a mouse click to accomplish), wide array of reports, and the ability to switch among Gantt (schedule in bar graph format), organizational view, work breakdown structure view and PERT view, and the ability to export and import between Microsoft Project using the MPX file format. While MS Project is not my tool of choice I have to adapt to what clients are using and it is a common application.  How does SureTrak compare to Microsoft Project? It depends on your approach to project management.  If you consider Gantt charts to be a project plan and you can get away with it, then stick with MS Project.  However, if you begin your planning and estimating with a work breakdown structure, analyze dependencies and find your critical path using an activity diagram, and are managing to deliverables using earned value, then SureTrak is the way to go.  Here are a few other facts that commend SureTrak:  Primavera is a widely respected brand for high end project management software, such as their P3 product. Nearly every major engineering and construction project on the planet is managed with P3. They also played a key role in defining the earned value project management portion of the PMBOK 2000, which is not an international standard for project management.  The makers of MS Project, on the other hand, is known for missed product releases.  To me this means that they either do not understand project management or the tools they use to manage their development projects are possibly flawed.     