 This book's value is that it gives a systematic, clear approach to planning and managing that 80% of projects that are characterized as simple.  Such projects include system roll-outs, simple construction, office moves and small integration projects.  The book's 14 chapters are: (1) basics, which set the context of the authors' method called CORE [Collaborative-Open architecture-Results oriented-Easy to use), (2)initiating the project, (3) leading the project team, (4) project kick-off, (5) planning and scope, (6) organizing the project, (7) assessing risk, (8) scheduling, (9)budgeting, (10) assembling the project plan, (11) team-based tools), (12) executing the plan, (13) closing out the project and (14) summing up. The CORE approach emphasizes planning, deliverables and customer acceptance criteria.  This approach is closely aligned to the UK standard for project management called PRINCE2.  Among the highlights of this book are: (1) integration of work breakdown structures (WBS) and organization breakdown structures (OBS) in such a manner that a WBS and OBS can be input into common scheduling tools, such as MS Project.  One way the authors accomplish this is by using task IDs as the key instead of normal WBS code and grouping tasks according to their position on a 2-level tree. Another highlight is the numerous checklists and forms examples that fill the pages of this 263-page book.  I personally found the appendices to be the most valuable aspect of this book. Appendix A is a project leadership skills self-assessment, B is a brief discussion of thinking styles, C is a sample team contract and D, in my opinion the best part of the book, is a clearly written description of the Martin-Tate Problem Solving Methodology that uses affinity diagrams, decision matrices and consensus building techniques to identify, organize, analyze and choose  ideas and solutions.  This methodology bridges technical aspects of project management and the people-related issues that a PM must deal with, within the project team and among the many project stakeholders.  The final appendix, E, project management self assessment should have been combined with Appendix A, but this is not a shortcoming. If you are new to project management and expect to be tasked with managing relatively simple projects this book is the best starting point I've found.  If you're a seasoned project manager this book will show you a few highly useful techniques that you might not otherwise encounter, especially the Martin-Tate Problem Solving Methodology.  If you will be managing both complex and simple projects I still recommend this book, but also urge you to read Visualizing Project Management, which will add skills such as advanced WBS development, activity optimization and earned value project management to your skill set.     