 My expectations from this book were twofold:  (1) gain insights into the business value of e-commerce so I could have a fuller understanding of how my role as a service delivery consultant fit into the bigger picture, and (2) see the implementation strategy from the business process owner's point of view.  This book fully met my expectations and provided further insights that I did not expect. An an IT professional my point of view is different from the intended audience of this book and this is reflected in my review.  First, this book provided my with an opportunity to observe the business forces that drive the systems that I support.  I gained a good understanding of the business imperatives, as well as the challenges that the business face when developing an e-commerce strategy.  From this I gained an appreciation of how the projects that IT initiate are first conceived and was able to see the direct link between these projects and how they ultimately relate to business objectives.  These insights are valuable and inspire me to seek ways to better align my domain, service delivery, to business goals. I also gained a much greater understanding or the many faces of e-commerce, such as the unique requirements of business-to-customer as contrasted with, for example, business to business.  From my vantage point prior to reading this book it was just a collection of applications and interfaces.  After reading this book I see beyond the technology itself to the real purposes and their associated goals.   This book also contains information that is directly applicable to my profession.  The ownership issues and e-strategy leadership chapters gave me a clear view of who the real stakeholders are, which is of the utmost importance to service delivery. This information sparked some ideas about support strategies and other issues that I need to consider with respect to e-commerce systems from an IT perspective.  Equally important is the chapters on the roll out strategy, which is a space where I have a definite role, and the scorecard approach to measuring the effectiveness of an internet strategy.  The latter gave me some clear ideas about how to align IT service delivery to business stakeholders in the e-commerce domain. In my opinion this book is as applicable to IT professionals as it is to business process owners and decision makers.  It gives the business side a clear understanding of the factors and issues that go into an e-commerce strategy, and an approach to developing and implementing the strategy.  It gives the IT professional some unique insights on that drives the requirement to develop and implement e-commerce systems and shows areas where we can add value to the process and help assure a successful implementation.     