 This second edition represents a major overhaul of the first edition, and addresses each of the issues cited in the previous review.  The authors have done a remarkable job in this edition by clearly explaining the fundamentals of directory services in general and going into the details of specific implementations that have either a large installed base, are used by large corporations or both. Highlights include complete and clear explanations of directory services at the conceptual level, how they fit into an enterprise-wide infrastructure, and how they have evolved as the foundation of identification and authentication, as well as a more pervasive security approach. The early models, DNS and X.500, are given detailed treatment.  Although DNS is not a feature rich directory service, it does qualify as a legitimate one and its inclusion is a nice touch.  I liked the clear explanation of LDAP, which either is implemented in many organizations or is the basis for commercial products such as Novell's eDirectory. Two commercial products that are covered in great detail are eDirectory and Microsoft's Active Directory. Since each author has extensive experience with, and certifications in, these products the material is credible and sets the book apart by giving a balanced view of two competing products without bias towards either. Three other parts of this book are valuable: (1) Discussion of metadirectory services - this section covers the basics and contains good (but brief) material about Siemen's DirXMetahub, Sun/Netscape's iPlanet metadirectory and Microsoft's metadirectory services, Novell's DirXML and Radiant Logic's RadiantOne VDS.  While these products are in many ways niche players (except for the Microsoft and Novell offerings), the description of them indicates where metadirectory services are evolving. (2) Directory mark-up languages - this section covers XML and offshoots that are specific to directory services, such as DMSL and Novell's DirXML.  Given the fact that XML is a web services building block this section of the book is particularly valuable. (3) Evaluating directory services -  the complete, unbiased method for evaluating directory services that the authors provide reflect their objectivity as well as a sensible approach to ensure that both business and technical factors are taken into account.   If you are exploring directory services as an infrastructure component or need to understand them, this book provides the most objective and complete  explanation of the fundamentals and key issues, as well as a survey of standards and products.  It's up to date and easy to read.     