 This book is a well-written step-by-step map to gaining control over IS/IT costs and strategic planning.   The core of the approach is active benefit realization (ABR), which is a continuous assessment and management methodology that is characterized by: (1) self-calibration/continuous improvement, (2) IS/IT management by all stakeholders (technical and business), and comprehensive understanding of IS/IT and how it supports business functions and processes. ABR is immediately introduced in the beginning of the book, as well as why the approach is critical to fully integrating IS/IT into the enterprise as a business enabler.  The next part of the book discusses key factors for evaluating information systems.  This part is rich with checklists, tables and other useful artifacts.  Building upon this foundation is excellent material on evaluation techniques, outcomes and benefit modelling (taking an investment-oriented approach that is one of the best applications and services portfolio management approaches I have come across), and the details of micro modelling (the devil, they say, is in the details!) Once the foundation has been built the book presents the ABR approach as a process. In simplistic terms this process entails three phases:  (1) Setting the course (capturing and understanding the business, financial and project views), (2) Formative evaluation (stakeholder management of the project - this approach is nearly identical to the approach prescribed by PRINCE2, which is the U.K. project management standard), (3) Moving forward (continuous improvement and calibration.  In other words, consolidating gains and improving upon them in a methodical manner.)    The last part of the book is a collection of tips, tricks and traps - this is essential reading and contains the collective wisdom of the authors.  Heed every word because there are some real gems here.   I learned a lot from the book, including many standalone techniques for analysis, evaluation and financial assessment that I can use on other projects.  As a whole, the approach embodied in ABR is sound and one that I will use on my next engagement that requires an in-depth analysis and formulation of a strategy, assuming of course, that the next client has a strong commitment to follow the course of action set forth in the book.  The benefits of ABR certainly will provide a handsome return on the investment and commitment required to make it a success.  This book is invaluable and highly recommended for consultants, CIOs and upper IS/IT management.  It is also highly recommended for any project team operating under PRINCE2.     