 This book is a wonderful resource for consultants, business systems analysts and business development managers who are in the service and solutions business. This audience is encompassing in that consultants will find a wealth of advice and knowledge on how to successfully execute and deliver within the context of the entire engagement cycle.  The value this book brings to business systems analysts who work internally for a company is the approach that ensures a close working relationship with their customers. Business development managers will gain some deep insights about how to properly initiate an engagement after the business is won and ensure that what was promised during the sales cycle is actually delivered during the execution of the project or delivery of services. The book starts with one of the most important topics to each audience member: contracting. I gained a lot from this section because, while I am a consultant, my services are "sold" by business development managers and I am not very close to the contract process.  What I learned here will help me to help those who keep me busy to continue doing so.  I have a newfound appreciation for what is involved in getting me placed on projects and assignments. I thought the highlight of this book was the implementation strategy.  If you are a consultant you know that this is probably the most critical step in the whole process because it sets the tone for how the rest of the project will go. The adage about first impressions could not hold more truth than in this aspect of consulting (internal or external), because this is where the rubber meets the road so to speak.  The approach proposed by the author is not only sound, but refined and will ensure success if followed. Another section I particularly liked is the discussion of ethics.  This is an issue that looms in the background and is thoroughly interwoven into our existence as consultants.  The problem is that we are faced with ethical decisions almost every day, and are sometimes tempted to cross into grey areas and use rationalization. The solution is to take to heart the author's guidelines and advice and always be conscious of the fact that successful consulting requires a strict, unwavering commitment to a strong code of ethics.  Personally, this section was a wake-up call that filled me with resolve to place professional ethics above all else. Overall this book provides clear guidelines for delivering customer value and crafting a close, mutually beneficial relationship with clients. The emphasis on close communications and client interactions within the framework of a strong implementation approach and ethical dealings makes this book a "must read" by the audience I cited above.  I strongly recommend it and give it 5 stars.     