 The eight chapters in this 610 page book tie together operational support systems and how they relate to network operations, business support systems and network management. In some respects this book is less about OSS than it is about the network, which is evidenced by the structure of the book and page count given to each topic. It starts with an encompassing overview of operations, business and marketing support systems. This is entirely focused on OSS, and has one of the best descriptions of a service delivery cycle I've seen in print. This is followed by a chapter discussing a service provider's portfolio of products and services, which sets the context for OSS. Chapter 3, however, seems out of sequence, because it breaks the flow by addressing management protocols - a topic that is peripherally related to OSS, but is not central. The author gets back on track in chapter 4 with a solid, information-packed treatment of customer care and billing processes. Thi!s is the heart of OSS and the author provides some great information, which is continued in chapter 5's discussion of provisioning and order processing. Unfortunately, the author drifts off into network operations management, which is the topic of chapter 6. This is certainly related to OSS, but does not warrant the 74 pages this topic consumes. Chapter 7, covering support, documentation and management systems is really a catalog of products, which eats another 104 pages of peripherally related material that could have better been provided on a companion web site since product-specific information is a moving target and only renders a book prematurely obsolete. The final two chapters covering workforce management and trends for service providers were valuable, especially the comprehensive tables and lists devoted to job profiles and organizational structures. Overall this book has a lot of excellent information, most of which is not available elsewhere. However, the aut!hor wanders and drifts into too much detail on topics that are not central to the theme of this book. Since it is the only book on the market on OSS and does provide a wealth of information I decided to be lenient and award it 4 stars. I hope the next edition benefits from some good editing and focuses on OSS, and the product-specific information is moved to a companion web site the way other publishers handle this time sensitive material.     