 I had heard good things about this book from both colleagues and clients.  I finally got a copy recently as a reference for peer reviewing an assessment of a proposed IT organizational design for a large Middle East oil company.  This was one of the references I used to verify and validate the assessment findings and recommendations.  Here are the strengths and weaknesses of the book as I see them: * Strengths: There is a wealth of great ideas.  I especially like the way the authors group system administration and DBA functions, and I fully concur with a previous reviewer that this is an excellent practice.  I also like the way the authors never lose sight of the fact that IT needs to be organized in both a cost-effective manner and structured to provide the best possible service in the form of reliability, availability and support.  In fact I compiled a large list of excellent ideas and best practices after combing through this book. * Weaknesses:  It's unanimous - the table of contents bears no relationship to the actual contents of this book.  I blame the publisher for that, not the authors.  Not that the authors are blameless.  I found no coherent structure to the book.  The list of gems I compiled from this book was the result of an arduous process because they are scattered throughout in seemingly random order. However, the biggest flaw I found is that the authors seem to be presenting a point of view based on their experience, with no real traceability to the rich body of knowledge that has been developed.  For example the IT Service Management Forum (ITSMF), which is an international professional organization devoted to promoting standards and best practices in IT service management has a model to which an IT organizational structure can be benchmarked. The ITSMF uses standards and methods from the IT Infrastructure Library Series, which were developed by the British Government (and are available from Amazon), which align service and application delivery and support to IT organization. This "standard" was not mentioned once in the book, which I consider to be a glaring omission. * On Balance: This book has flaws, some small and some large.  It also has some excellent ideas and certainly contains a wealth of best practices.  Despite the weaknesses I mentioned, the organizational structure proposed by the authors is better than what I have seen in practice at numerous clients, some of which are very large corporations.  Also, this book does step up to the plate and address organizational structure head-on.  Most of the books I have read are more focused on IT value to the business.  While these are important, they all seem to sidestep any recommendations for how an IT organization should be structured. So, this book has a lot of value in that respect. * Recommendation: Read this book for the ideas.  However, do not read it in a vacuum.  Compare and contrast the recommendations made with the large body of knowledge on service management and the associated recommendations for organizing IT to support the models that have been internationally adopted.     