 This book provides a coherent roadmap to "lights out" data center operations.  It also provides a roadmap to developing a sound organization and processes to support data center operations regardless of whether they are "lights out", 24x7 or less demanding normal working hours support. In fact, this book is misnamed because the real focus is on data center operations and the support requirements of running a data center in accordance with a set of best practices that the author has acquired over the years.   The roadmap that is used in this book appears to assume that operations will be outsourced.  A good deal of the analysis and planning, and the roadmap milestones seems to lead to that objective.  However, it will also support in-house operations after you align the people and process sides of the equation to the book's processes. Real strengths of the author's approach are in the processes. He addresses the key process areas that need to be in place and the level of maturity needed to operate an effective and efficient data center. These same processes are the foundation of service delivery - which is the foundation of customer satisfaction.  They are: - Production Acceptance - Problem Management - Change Management - Asset Management - Disaster Recovery Each of the above are essential processes. The author's approach validates my 24 years of mainframe experience. I especially like the production acceptance process that is conspicuously missing from most non-mainframe shops.   There are some potential problems with some of the processes that my current experience in distributed and e-commerce environments is uncovering.   Let's start with problem management. The author's approach is good for the here and now, but has a limited future.  For example, the call center experts are rapidly integrating customer relationship management with internet technologies. External customers are benefiting from technologies and associated processes that we IT experts are designing and implementing while our internal customers are limited to more traditional kinds.  Another issue is there is no clear linkage between problem management and disaster recovery.  At what point does a problem trigger either business continuity or disaster recovery processes?  This, as far as I can tell, has been adroitly sidestepped in every book and white paper addressing problem management, so the author cannot be faulted here.  However, it is something you should consider as you read this section of the book.  The change management process is sound and works well in mainframe and traditional operational settings.  However, the realities that we are faced with today are going to make the traditional approach to change management obsolete.  It is not responsive enough to today's dynamic environments that are characterized by competitive pressures and the sheer complexity of data center environments.  There has to be a streamlined approach, and the one proposed by the author will probably be an anachronism in the next two years.  Managing changes in the Internet environment needs to happen quickly to respond to pressures, but with controls to ensure that you do not affect half the world.  Consider something as simple as a new DNS server - mistakes in the tables can get propagated that make it look like you are hijacking web site traffic (this really happened!)  While this particular process is well developed and meets today's needs, I hope the author will revisit this in the next edition and come up with a process that provides the speed that marketing demands, and the controls that we practitioners need. Overall, this book is a very valuable source of ideas and comes with ready-made processes that can be implemented and managed to provide a mature operational support environment.  The shortcomings that I cited do not detract from this book - they only underscore the fact that the world is rapidly changing and what works well today is not going to work well tomorrow.  As the co-developer of the Tarrani-Zarate Information Technology Management Model, I can attest that there are no clear answers or solutions to these shortcomings.  I can only hope that the author addresses these gaps in the next edition.  In the meantime, the processes and approach provided in the book will give you the tools and techniques with which to build a mature operational support organization that is based on true best practices.     