 This is an excellent introduction to risk analysis in general and a highly effective guide for conducting a security risk analysis.   Of the 281 pages in this book, 156 pages are devoted to the seven chapters comprising the "how to" and case study, with the remaining pages allocated to six highly valuable appendices. Chapter 1, Effective Risk Analysis, starts the book by discussing risk analysis in general, including common approaches, and leads into the author's approach.  The next chapter covers qualitative risk analysis, followed by a chapter on value analysis.  By this point it's clear that the author's philosophy is to capture major risks, cost data and develop impact without getting bogged down in complex methods.  I liked chapter 4, which discusses other qualitative methods, their strengths and weaknesses, which adds context to the heart of this book: Chapter 5, Facilitated Risk Analysis Process.  In a nutshell, this approach involves all stakeholders and spreads the responsibility and accountability for identifying, analyzing and prioritizing risks.  This is as it should be because security should be everyone's job, and the stakeholders (led by subject matter experts) are the best source of authority for making trade-offs and allocating resources to ensure the degree of security that consensus dictates.  Since security is, in part, a function of trade-offs, the Facilitated Analysis Risk Process proposed by the author is an effective and essential process supporting security.  Chapter 6 covers other uses of qualitative risk analysis, and is though-provoking and informative.  The case study in chapter 7 ties together the preceding chapters and concludes the text on risk analysis. The appendices are, in my opinion, invaluable.  Like a previous reviewer I lament the fact that the tables and forms were not included in electronic format, but this is a minor quibble on my part.  Appendix A is a comprehensive, 25-page questionnaire that covers every facet of security risks.  Appendix B contains a reproduction of every form associated with the Facilitated Risk Analysis Process (Scope/Business Process Identification, Action Plan, Final Report, Controls List, Risk List and Controls/Risk Cross-Reference List).  Business Impact Analysis forms are provided in Appendix C, and a sample report is provided in Appendix D.  Threat definitions are provided in Appendix E, and three short papers authored by other experts giving other opinions of risk analysis are the subject of Appendix F. Overall this is a highly focused book that should not be ignored by anyone who is responsible for security, business continuity or disaster recovery planning.  Even if you are more apt to use quantitative methods instead of the qualitative methods proposed by the author, this book is still an important work on security risk analysis.  The appendices alone are worth the price of the book.     