 Although you don't need to know how your cell phone works any more than you need to know how an internal combustion engine works in order to drive a car, it does help when it comes time to select a phone and service.  This book will give you essential information for selecting the phone and service plan that's right for you. It does so in clear language, explaining technical details in a way that is not only understandable, but is actually fun to read.  The author has a thorough knowledge of the industry and a gift for writing. That alone makes this book invaluable.  I appreciated the way that phone features and accessories were clearly explained.  More importantly, I like the way Ms. Stetz navigates you through the confusing maze of service plans and options, which cuts through the confusion and makes you a more informed consumer.  This is especially important when it comes to selecting a provided based on their technology.  While the average consumer may thing that terms like GSM, TDMA and CDMA are not important, I can assure you from personal experience that they are.  It also is important to know whether or not the provider you're considering has an all digital network or also has a mix of the older cellular technologies and digital because the ones with the old and new are less likely to impost roaming charges if you are in an area where digital service is unavailable and you have a phone that will switch modes.  The providers that have only the newer digital technology will likely impose roaming charges if you go off their network, despite the advertising claims of for "anywhere" and "one rate".  Armed with the information in this book you'll understand the fine print and can make informed decisions when selecting a provider (of understanding the costs of switching to a new provider).  If you're the type of person who is curious about how things work, then you're in for a treat because the book digs into details.  Like the parts about phones, features and options, and service plans, the book sorts out the complexities and clearly explains them.  You need not have a technical background (or even a technical mindset) to understand the book.  I personally enjoyed learning about how the networks operate and what happens behind the scenes.     