 Until reading this book I thought I had a good understanding of what it took to design the underlying strategy and processes supporting commercial web sites.  After reading this book I clearly saw how wrong I was. The approach set forth in this incredible book is straightforward and focused solely on business imperatives.  I suspect that the author and publisher realized that the title would attract IT professionals and consultants, which accounts for the inclusion of business 101.  I almost skipped over this part and am glad I didn't.  Even here what I thought I knew about business turned out to be superficial.  The education you will receive in Business 101 goes well beyond the basics and I recommend that everyone read this regardless of whether you are an IT professional or have a business background.  You might just discover that you've been misapplying common techniques such as NPV, IRR and ROI, or using the results in erroneous ways.  In other words, the section titled "Business 101" is much, much more. I loved the author's approach to value chain analysis, which is straightforward and based on a simple, but effective, notational language.  Here, like in every other chapter, I learned techniques that will serve me well in general consulting assignments outside of web business engineering.   The web business engineering methodology itself is one of the leanest, most effective processes that I've ever encountered.  I can only describe it as elegant.  It's a blueprint for success when success is measured by how well a system is aligned to business strategy and goals. If you follow the method and resist the temptation to take shortcuts you will be rewarded with a system that meets all of your requirements and objectives whatever they may be - and you'll know exactly what the value of that system is to your organization. A few observations about this book:  (1) Give yourself plenty of time to read through this book and work through each example.  It took me four times as long as it would for a book of approximate page count and topic complexity.  If you're unwilling to make this commitment, perhaps you should pass this book up. (2) I fully agree with the author and a previous reviewer that web systems projects should be managed by business instead of IT.  (3) If you're an IT professional get this book and read it from cover to cover - even if you never work on a web project you'll receive an incredible education in business factors and requirements analysis that will serve you well on *any* project.  As a fellow IT professional I will assure you that this book will change your outlook. This book is among the best I've read on any topic or subject and should be required reading for anyone who is assigned to a web project.  It's also, in my opinion, one of the most important books published in the past few years.     