 A colleague gave this book and challenged me to understand it, and if I truly understood it he further challenged me to write a review.  Since I'm posting a review I obviously understood it.   My first pass through the book was frustrating.  I could not get a sense of what the author was trying to say, even though it sounded important.  Each time I was tempted to admit defeat and toss the book back in my colleague's face some unseen force make me keep reading.  By the time I reached the end I knew less about business specifications than I knew when I first started reading.   I'm not a quitter by nature, so I went back through the book looking for clues that would point me to the elusive methods of business specifications.  About mid way through I had a Zen-like flash of understanding and enlightenment.  I'd figured it out!  The author has skillfully blended the timeless work of the Grimm Brothers, Hansel and Gretle, with the surrealistic writings of Lewis Caroll.  Here are the clues:  like the Grimm Brothers' masterpiece the author drops little facts and ideas like bread crumbs throughout the labyrinth writing to subtly lead you to that supreme moment of Epiphany - understanding how business specifications can be married to object-oriented techniques. In case the reader is too dense to get it, he also draws maps in the form of diagrams.  He fails, however, to explain the symbology in clear terms, and is equally obtuse when it comes to explaining the rules of his notational masterpiece.  This is where Lewis Caroll comes in, and how I discovered the key to understanding this book in the first place.  He litters the book with passages from Lewis Caroll's books.  Not a subtle message, but one that certainly tells you how to read the book.  Think surreal and pretend you are chasing a white rabbit and the quest for gleaning useful information from this book will suddenly have a purpose. As I said, I had a brief moment when the entire book made perfect sense, then, poof, it evaporated and I returned to the real world where I was utterly confused by the author's writing style and intent.  The way I see it you have some options.  (1) Avoid the book.  Frankly you will not miss anything.  (2) Buy the book and when or if your moment of clarity comes and you achieve enlightenment write it down before you forget it - and please share it with the rest of us.  (3) Buy the book, attempt to understand it and, failing that, go ask Alice.     