 I'm hard to satisfy and am not ashamed to admit it.  I started my PDA experience with a Palm IIIx, which quickly grew from a convenience to an often used tool. I graduated from the IIIx when I won a Palm VIIx, which exposed me to the joys of being wireless. My Pocket PC experience came from borrowing a friend's Jornada 548 for a week to see if the investment was worthwhile.  Here are my findings: Strengths:  The Windows CE versions of Word and Excel are a major convenience, and the color indoors is stunning. Compared to the monochrome display on my trusty Palm VIIx, the Jornada is way ahead of the game.  A girl could get used to this.  It's expandable, allows you to play multimedia files, and has a lot of other nice features. Weaknesses: It's too much like a PC.  Compared to the simplicity and elegance of the Palm's features, the Jornada makes you work to get things done.  I love the ability to edit Word and Excel documents, but I can do this on my Palm with Documents to Go, which Amazon sells. Also, that gorgeous color display washes out and is hard to read outside in sunlight. My Palm VIIx's display is better for outdoors use.   On whole: Both have the same approximate form factor, and both meet specific needs that are dictated by personal preference.  Some of us love simplicity, making the Palm a better choice. Others are more comfortable with the PC feel of the Jornada and other Pocket PC brands.  I am in the former group.  Yes, I love the color and expandability of the Jornada, but want a device that does a few things really well instead of many things in a mediocre fashion. For features and value the Jornada is a five star product for those who want to go the Pocket PC route. It is solidly built and has a sleek design. Hewlett-Packard is known for quality, making this a safe choice if you're leaning towards a Pocket PC.   Me?  Well, I love telling men "I have you in my Palm" when I'm scheduling an appointment, and that's something a girl can't do with the Jornada :-)     