 This book is a high-level, phased approach to web design.  The context is the development team's workflow, and all of the key tasks, deliverables and roles that need to be choreographed to successfully develop, implement and maintain a web site. From a project management point of view this book serves as the basis for a work breakdown structure (WBS), and the project sequencing.  I was able to quickly develop a generic project planning template that contained a relatively detailed WBS, project phasing, roles and responsibilities matrix and activity diagram.  These tools were easy to extract from the book because of how well the authors have thought out the key elements of a web project and the development workflow.   Among the things I most like are:  (1) the care that was lavished on the layout and design of this book has resulted in more than mere aesthetics - as I read through it picking out the project elements I found myself inspired by the sheer beauty of the book, and actually felt more creative.  Since I am more disposed towards technical aspects than art I was amazed by the influence the book's design had over me.  It also made it easy to go through the book and find things.  (2)  completeness - while the authors do not go very deep in any one topic, they do cover all of the key points in a thorough manner.  I found no gaps in coverage, and did not see the superficial treatment of the technical topics as a problem.  In fact, this book is ideal for non-technical project managers who need to concern themselves with the project-oriented aspects of a web project.  For the more technical members of a project team there is ample material covering every aspect of the technical approach.  (3)  sequencing - the phases of the project and associated workflow evidences the authors' extensive experience in web development projects.  A lot of thought went into this and I couldn't help but think of the hard lessons learned on prior projects that resulted in such a refined workflow. (4) expert topics - the insets titled <expert topic> imparted a lot of useful information, making this book all the more valuable. For detailed project planning and deeper look at technical issues I will always recommend Web Project Management by Ashley Friedlein.  However, after reading this wonderful book I am now recommending that this book be read before tackling Mr. Friedlein's book.  I also recommend that this book be provided to all key members of the project team because it shows the big picture and gets everyone pulling in the same direction. In my opinion, this book is an essential read for anyone involved in web projects.     