 I rushed out and bought this book after a friend sent me a Visio diagram of PRINCE 2 processes that someone had sent him.  I was intrigued by the interrelationships among the PRINCE processes and the organizational structure of a PRINCE 2 project. What I found between the pages was an eye-opening view of a project management methodology that has been used since the mid-1980s and is the UK national standard.  What made this methodology so eye-opening, aside from the fact that I had never heard of it, is that projects are organized in such a manner that ensure that sponsors, business process owners and the project team are working in a consensual environment with clearly-defined lines of communications.  In my experience, even on well run projects, this is rarely achieved, yet here is a mature, 15-year old methodology that appears to be in wide use outside of the United States that should be heavily borrowed from in the U.S. As I read this book I found one best practice after another that definitely need to be incorporated into projects, especially IS/IT projects, which have an appallingly high failure rate.  Among the practices documented in this book are:  breaking projects into stages and phases (widely known, but unevenly practiced in my experience), basing milestones on deliverables (I've been on too many projects are based on schedules, resulting in 90% complete almost immediately and the remaining 10% takes ten times longer - basing progress on deliverables prevents that sort of sleigh-of-hand), and risk, configuration and change management processes that are totally integrated into the project (something else that's much talked about and abandoned early on, if attempted at all). I personally found the writing style to be a bit obtuse, but I attribute that to the difference between American and British versions of English.  Despite that, this book contains what I consider to be an effective approach to project management, and one that should be adopted on these shores because of the best practices that I cited above.  I am reasonably sure that the PRINCE 2 methodology can be married to the U.S. standard, Project Management Body of Knowledge, without affecting the integrity of the PMBOK.  I strongly recommend that anyone serious about running a project in an effective, smooth manner read this book and incorporate as many practices as corporate politics will allow.  I give it 5 stars and hope we have another British invasion.     