 Resource life cycle analysis is an interesting technique that has changed my view of both project management and strategic planning.  The essence of this approach is the integration of resources, value chains, and precedence as key factors in information systems planning.  Although this book is described as an IS modeling technique, the basic concepts can be used outside of IS, making the approach more universal than I believe the authors intended. The key elements of the approach are (1) Resources - the view taken by the authors is businesses are a collection of resources.  This differs from most approaches that view businesses as a inter-related processes and functions.  Because the unit of composition for businesses is a resource (or asset), each are viewed within the context of a life cycle.  This is a natural way of looking at assets, and this view fosters systematic management of business resources. Resources can be human, software, time, money, etc. (2) Value chains - this is the element that does address business processes and functions because it treats them as value chains.  This is not an uncommon way of viewing processes and functions, but combining this view with the resource view is.  (3) Precedence - this element adds sequence to the functions in *support* of resources.  From the foregoing there is a clear connection between resource life cycle analysis and project management, especially with respect to resource and precedence elements.  From a strategic planning point of view, there is also a direct connection between value chains and processes, both of which are determining factors for systems to be implemented in support of business processes.  These connections highlight the value of resource life cycle analysis as a methodology, and underscore its value as a tool that can be "bolted on" to your existing project management and/or planning methodologies. I have been deeply influenced by this approach and have incorporated it into the way I approach requirements analysis and project planning. If you are a consultant, IT professional or operational manager of a business unit this book will provide you with some deep skills and a new way of approaching analysis.     