 This book is best read after reading the author's previous three books because this one ties together the techniques and processes for developing policies and procedures by linking them to corporate strategy.  As in his previous books the sequence of steps is clearly laid out, leading you from vision to strategy to process development.  These are the basis for policies and procedures, and if done as described in this book your policies and procedures will trace back to processes, which will trace back to strategy, and the strategy will be consistent with the vision statement.  It's this chain of traceability that separates best practices from ad hoc policies that may or may not be aligned to company business imperatives. The real value that you'll get from this book comes from the example policies and procedures that are included in the last part of the book.  There aren't reprinted. Instead you're given the URLs that point to these documents on the web.  The ones that are included truly represent best practices, and there is an example from most of the major industries, including non-profit organizations and government agencies.  In addition to the example documents, there are also URLs for standards bodies and repositories of specific information (auditing, software process improvement, project management, etc.). Because URLs do frequently change the book's associated web page has the same listing that is updated when links are reported to be broken or new resources are added. In addition, each chapter ends with a bibliography of recommended books, which will significantly shorten your research as you develop a comprehensive and encompassing set of policies and procedures that are traceable.    Another nice feature is the fact that the author gives his personal e-mail address in the book and will respond to questions. I know from personal experience that he listens to his readers and dispenses excellent advice when a rare question not covered in one of his books arises.  My recommendation is to get the entire set of books ("Establishing a System of Policies and Procedures", "Achieving 100% Compliance of Policies and Procedures" and "7 Steps to Better Written Policies and Procedures"), work through them in that order, then apply the approach in this book to develop and implement policies and procedures that are traceable and reflect true best practices.     