 I received this book as a gift from a colleague/mentor who insisted that I read it.  Since I had never been a project manager I glanced through it and stuck it on a shelf where it collected dust. One fateful day I was tasked with producing a project plan and, in a panic, called my mentor who reminded me that the answers to my frantic questions were in the book.  Although I was under pressure and in no mood to read a book I gave it a shot.   This is where the value of Visualizing Project Management became apparent.  I was able to follow the step-by-step procedures outlined in the book to produce a work breakdown structure (something I didn't know existed), determine dependencies and perform supportable estimations for time and resources.  By the time I was ready to plug the tasks into Microsoft Project I had a clear idea of what needed to be done, and a realistic estimate of time and people required.  In essence I was using this book as a guide for planning my first project. Each step of the way I was gaining self-confidence while methodically laying out a project that accounted for all necessary tasks and their deliverables, and could be supported from a traceability and cost-estimating relationship viewpoint. Along the way I learned how to control the project once it was initiated, which was something I had not considered when I was first tasked with planning it.  Bear in mind I was simultaneously reading this book and planning my first project, so I am probably not a typical reader.  Taking this into account what I liked most about this book is the step-by-step approach to project management. The approach is logical and highly visual (hence the title).  Each step, from initial planning to scheduling to controlling the project was put into context and clearly explained.  There are no long-winded explanations or theory, making this book a great tool for learning project management (in my case learning while doing). In addition to using a lot of illustrations to show how project management should be done this book also shows how to use visual tools to manage projects.  One visual technique that I really thought was clever is the "cards on the wall" approach. This method allowed me to put the tasks from the work breakdown structure on cards, tacked to the wall, then examine dependencies by connecting them with yarn.  In essence, I could play "what if" and optimize dependencies using some very low tech tools.  However, this is a highly visual and highly effective way to sequence tasks. I also learned a powerful technique for controlling projects: earned value.  This technique compares your project's planned cost and schedule baseline to actuals. It is a proactive way to manage projects because it is an early warning indicator of slippages and overruns.   Before reading this book I was in awe of project managers.  After reading this book I discovered that many project managers really depend on luck instead of methods to get through projects.  I am appalled by the number of PMs who do not start with a work breakdown structure, or analyze and develop task dependencies before scheduling a project.  I have also noticed that far too many do not use earned value to control their projects.  It is no small wonder that IT projects historically overrun or fail.  In that respect a book that I almost did not read not only got me through my first project plan, but showed me that there is a way to do projects right. It has certainly made an impression on me and has improved my professional skills. This is the book and I hope that practicing and aspiring project managers read. It certainly will improve the chances of your next project if you follow its straightforward steps and apply them.     