 This book is an ideal introduction to the broad landscape of security methods and technologies for non-technical users.  It is also an excellent resource for IT professionals who need to quickly get up-to-speed on web security. My background is mostly "big iron", consisting of 24 years of mainframe and mid-range experience and a little more than a year in distributed computing (UNIX/Linux, network, etc.).  In the good old days security consisted of RACF, ACLs, and some common sense rules about physical and logical access controls.  Not so today, and until I read this book I had a nagging feeling that there was a large gap in my professional knowledge.  Moreover, as a home user who spent a lot of time on the web I would get frustrated by messages issued by my browser about certificates.  This book came to my rescue on all counts. The first two sections, The Web Security Landscape and User Safety, were illuminating.  If a non-technical user only read these parts of the book he or she would come away with a good understanding of the risks faced on the web, and how to mitigate or eliminate them.  The one complaint I have about these two sections is the material is woefully out of date.  I subtracted a star from my rating for this reason. The next three sections of the book is a wide survey of security technologies that cover digital certificates, cryptography, web server security. These provided me with a basic understanding of technologies that I need to know as an IT professional working in distributed environments.  When comparing what I needed to know about security in the mainframe world to what I need to know as an IT consultant I could not help thinking, "We're not in Kansas anymore!"  The material was clear and easy to understand and built my personal self-confidence.  This part of the book will not make you an expert by any means, but you will come away with a good grasp of the elements of web security and a very basic understanding of how everything works and fits together. Commerce and Society is the title of the book's last section and contains thought-provoking information on topics such as digital payments, censorship technology and the such.  I especially liked the two chapters that addressed civil and criminal legal issues.   Despite the fact that this book is out of date with respect to specific products it is a great introduction to web security.  Unlike other O'Reilly books that are deeply technical, this one can be easily understood by home and business users as well as IT professionals. I personally gained a lot from the book and highly recommend it.     