 There are two books on business case development that have deeply influenced my thinking: this one and "IT Investment: Making a Business Case" by Dan Remenyi. Each book has a different focus.  If your goal is to develop business cases to support procurement or development of large scale systems or strategic initiatives, Mr. Remenyi's book is better suited to your needs.  However, if you are managing the incremental development or implementation of systems, or adding functionality and features to existing systems (or infrastructure), justifying tools and other similar activities, this book is better suited to your needs.   What sets this book apart?  First, the author focuses on tactical business cases, which are typically abbreviated.  Unfortunately, they are also typically a morass of disjointed thoughts that are not backed up with numbers that the decision makers neither understand or consider relevant. He provides you with a focus and a solid foundation of what a business case needs to address.   Second, instead of trying to teach business 101, the author provides you with some the basic principles and tools for developing a business case that you can sell to the folks who write the checks (a.k.a. "bean counters").   Third, and [in my opinion] most importantly, you are provided with a strategy for "selling" your business case by ensuring that it contains sensible assumptions, is linked to goals.  Also, in keeping with the tactical nature of the business case approach it's also tied to life cycle stages.   Among the parts of the book that I most like are: (1) development of the business case incorporates traceability - the author uses goal-question-metric as the framework, which is easily recognizable to business managers since it aligns nicely to objective-critical success factor-key performance indicator.  (2) The case studies in Section II give you some real life examples of common scenarios.  You can learn as much from the business cases as you can from the preceding discussions of concepts and techniques. This book represents a valuable resource that will augment your technical skills with some sound business skills. The book is clearly written and filled with both excellent advice and common sense. It is also written by someone who understands the technical professional's and business viewpoints, and imparts that understanding with great skill.     