 If this package contained only the software it would still be one of the best tools for creating professional quality videos you could get at any price.  However, it also comes with two items that seem simple, but dramatically increase the value and utility of this package.  The microphone that ships with it will make sure that your audio sounds professional and does not pick up ambient background noise. The real (dare I say "serious") magic comes from the foldable green backdrop that lets you project backgrounds against your subjects in the video. Using this bit of magic you can do a video of grandchildren in California, but make it seem as though they are playing in front of the Pyramids or Taj Mahal. While the green screen and microphone are professional touches, the real magic is in the software, which is a self contained environment for creating videos - not merely editing them. I love the templates that provide a 'program format' such as news, the animated backgrounds, and stock video and sound clips. Creating a video CD requires a CD ROM writer and video CD software (I use EZ CD Creator, but most other CD ROM writing software has this capability - you need to check before you buy however). Visual Communicator produces AVI files, which can be streamed across the internet or placed on a CD ROM for replay. The package also includes a 130-page book titled "Personal Broadcasting Handbook" that is filled with tips and techniques. You'll need the following minimum hardware and software to install and use the software: Windows 98, 98SE, ME, 2000 or XP, a Pentium III processor or equivalent, a 16MB AGP graphics card with 3D acceleration and Internet Explorer 5.0 or above. For interfacing camcorders you'll need a video input card, such as a Firewire or analog capture device that is compatible with your camcorder. You also have to make sure that the interface has a Windows DirectShow compativle driver. If ever there was a killer application looking for a market, this is it. Visual Communicator has business and personal uses that will allow anyone with the right equipment and a touch of creativity to make compelling presentations in the business environment and send greetings to friends and relatives that are far beyond what one can do with paper. It's also useful for proposals, training and just about any other use that will be enhanced by visual communication.     