 You can acquire knowledge and skills from being shown how to do things right. You can also gain a lot from other people's mistakes. I learned project management the right way with a book titled Visualizing Project Management. It gave me the techniques with which to build experience. This book, Anti-Patterns in Project Management, gave me wisdom. As I read this book I could not help but cringe because just about every anti-pattern discussed reflected what I had seen or endured (or inflicted in some cases) during projects.  What I took to be business as usual, and attributed to human nature, turns out to be worst--but common--practices.  I am sure that anyone who has managed or performed on a project has seen the same practices time and again.  What makes this book valuable is the fact that the authors show you how to rectify these bad practices, and they do so with humor and a practical approach. My favorite set of anti-patterns addresses the people part of the equation because, in my opinion, people are the root cause of failed projects.  Why?  People indulge in politics, have personal agendas and are too often assigned to responsibilities without any requisite experience or skills.  Sound familiar?  Also, "people" select the technologies and develop and implement the processes that are covered in the other two groups of anti-patterns.  Learn from the anti-patterns provided here and you are well on your way to transforming a project from a nightmare into one that will be successful. Of course, the process and technology anti-patterns discussed will probably be as familiar as the people ones, but they can be resolved once you take the authors' collective advice about how to deal with the people-focused anti-patterns. Not only does this book give you sound advice on how to turn the anti-patterns into best-practices from which PM patterns can be based, but they reinforce this with an appendix that lists project management best practices.  The contrast between these and the anti-patterns themselves will anchor your view of project management as an endeavor to which "good" patterns can be applied.  Another chapter I particularly liked is titled "AntiPattern Collisions", which is the PM's worst nightmare.  This is when anti-patterns combine to become problems from hell, and reflect the complex nature of any process.     