 Before I start commenting on One Heart, let me just make a note how disappointed I was with A New Day Has Come, with its dance tunes and disco-like numbers that I dare say do not appeal to Cline's fans as much as, say, Because You Loved Me and Think Twice. Cline just doesn't do dance quite well - not as well as ballads.  The first single of One Heart being I Drove All Night, the remake of a Cindy Lauper tune, disheartened me as I thought that Cline had really morphed into a full-fledged dance music artist. However, Cline struts her usual stuff by soaring to ultra high and power notes that almost like shake my bones every time I hear it. After the first track, we begin to hear Cline displaying some amazing vocal skills she had yet to boast until now. Stand By Your Side is a stunning example when Cline scales both high and low notes with such ease, less the irritating nasal sound she made a lot in her previous album. Forget Me Not has a cool, refreshing, slow tempo that is akin to Vanessa Williams and I would say close to R&B.  I especially like Je T'aime Encore (I Love You Always), which paradoxically is in English, where Cline switches between a mix of sing-talking and singing. The song, characteristically written by Jean-Jacques Goldman, is both soulful and soothing, reminiscent of J'attendais, in her 95 album D'eux, while at times sounds like Big American Country. For ballad lovers, the album has much to offer, including I Know What Love Is and Faith. Yet one would notice something different with her ballads nowadays, they seem to be more contemporary and 21st-century, shedding off the clichd I-need-yous, I can't-live-without-yous.  Finally, the album is not without flaws. As I said earlier, I Drove All Night is not exactly a song that can win a grammy. In His Touch sounded a little odd because Cline seems to be using another voice - a very nasal voice - making her sound like a little kid singing towards the end. And why are there so many recycled materials in this album?? (Have You Ever Been In Love and Coulda Woulda Shoulda) Still, this album is an improvement from A New Day Has Come (and there are less songs singing blatantly about her baby..) and definitely will set the stage for her comeback! Good job Cline.     