 I am sad to report that Mr Griffin has spewed forth what will probably be the worst novel I will read in 2006.  Like so many other reviewers, I came to this book as a real fan of Griffin's work.  I have read and enjoyed all of his work except for the police series... but this!  This was nightmarish. A literary train wreck.    This book was clearly written in a hurry, and with little thought.  Mr Griffin's characters were poorly developed shades of characters from his past books.    The plot of this novel was ridiculous:  Somali jihadis and American radical muslims plot to destroy the Liberty Bell in Philadelphia with a Boeing 727 stolen from Angola.  I hate to disallusion anyone, but this is over-complicated to the point of being farcical.  The Liberty Bell and Independence Hall would be more easily destroyed by a truck bomb... and there would be very little anyone could do to stop it.   In his stories, Griffin often illustrates how well black and white Americans can get along, particularly when they are close comrades-in-arms.  This normally pleases me as it matches my own experiences from my 8 years of active USMC service.  Sadly, in this book, Griffin's characters, both black AND white, delight in using the trerm "rag head" ad nauseum.  How sad.  This book was poorly edited.  There are grammatical and spelling errors throughout the text.    This book has glaring historical errors... T-34's?  In the 1980's?  C'mon!  The Secretary for Homeland Security in this novel is clearly fashioned after Tom Ridge, who was Secretary when this book was written.  I respectfully submit that Mr Ridge NEVER had the sort of access to The President that the fictional Secretary Matt Hall does in the novel.  Indeed, neither Mr Ridge (and current Secretary Chertoff) nor the Department of Homeland Security enjoy the level of authority that Griffin shows here.  Charley/Karl/Carlos Castillo/Von und Zu Gossinger is a fun character... Waaay over the top, but I'll accept that... it IS an adventure novel... but anybody that lives within a hundred miles of the Beltway KNOWS that showing a business card that says "Executive Assistant to The Secretary for Homeland Security" will get you very little in the way of authority in this town (except maybe at an airport bar... or on K street).  Mr Griffin must have been under some sort of contractual pressure when he wrote this book.  I am sorely diappointed.  This book wasn't worth the time it took to read it.  I suggest you don't waste your time... or money.     