 I had considered writing an extensive review for the film "Short Eyes," but after seeing that fabulous reviews by some amazon.com users I felt at loss of what to say because it had already been said. After reading those comments made by the reviewers, I feel that I will not want to go through any of the main themes or storyline but babble about what I like in this film adaptation of the play by the late great Pinero. 	  Indeed, Short Eyes features a superb cast of unknowns and slightly known actors who appeared in film productions of the 70's. I have also heard that the film (like the play) cast several real inmates for the supporting roles and extras. In the introduction of the play "Short Eyes" the writer mentions that the casting of inmates enabled them for a chance to "make the sidewalk." Supposedly, this was also the case for the film. 	  Jose Perez, previously known for his miscellaneous TV work, is definitely the protagonist of this film. Here he plays Juan, a tough yet compassionate prisoner-janitor who has the courage to question the motives of Clark Davis, the "short eyes freak" played by Bruce Davison. Throughout the film we witness Juan and Clark interacting as a compassionate therapist would act with an emotionally disturbed client. In one scene, Clark reveals to Juan his pedophilic history, which involved a young "rican" girl. Juan is deeply disturbed by this revelation but still tries to understand him instead of killing him "stone-dead" at the instance. Jose Perez would go on to play another compassionate, saintly janitor in the Broadway play Steam Bath. 	  On that note (did I say note) two musicians were cast for this film: Curtis Mayfield and Freddy Fender. There is also an out of print soundtrack album to this film with songs by both actors/musicians; but pretty much Mayfield had the upper-hand, writing the intro theme song, and other incidental music. If you see this album in your used record store BUY IT!    These two previously mentioned actors were written into the film script but were not in the original play. Miguel Pinero, the author of Short Eyes, appeared in the film as well. Pinero played Gogo, a sly yet unruly prisoner whose part was also written for the film. Although I must say that Pinero has immense talent as a playwright, & as a poet his prose has stood as scriptures for Latino subculture; his acting is barely sufficient and maybe I am saying that because I don't see enough of it to form a substantial belief.   It is too bad that Pinero was left on the sidelines (either writing film scenerios, addicted to some form of narcotics, or most likely involved in a serious criminal act) and was not able to present more creative ideas and projects to the public. His most famous play (the one in question) took an extreme amount of time to see the light of day. Be it working with Tito Goya in Sing Sing (who appeared in the film as Cupcakes and was later executed on a serious murder charge) on the walk throughs, or negotiating with the prison for a drama workshop with Marvin Felix Camillo; Miguel, with the assistants of Joseph Pap, could never have pulled it off alone.    For those who liked Short Eyes and are interested in Miguel Pinero, check out (if you haven't that is ) LA Bodega Sold Dreams a collection of his prose-poems, The Sun Always Shines for the Cool, Outrageous One Act Plays, two collections of sundry plays, raw & fun respectively. For film buffs try to find Miami Vice: The Movie which contains Pinero in a bit part, as well as Breathless (1983), Deal of the Century, and Fort Apache the Bronx which includes Pinero plus Tito Goya.      	     