 I have come to read Angels and Demons after reading The Da Vinci Code. As soon as you read it, you realize that it is a previous instantiation of the same template shared by TDVC, almost a testbed for the latter (I prefer not to spoil surprise and give no details about the strong similarities). But, in a personal view, I have found far more interesting hints here than in the more famous novel. First, in TDVC the action takes place in France, whilst A&D is based in  Rome (I happen to be Italian, and to go daily to Rome for work); A&D somehow refers to physics and CERN (I have got a degree in physics, even if not oriented in particles theory); it deals with obscure associations, which relate to Italian Academies (an editing work committed by my wife for a thesis of hers left me some knowledge about the subject). In a few words, my background seemed to fit perfectly to the details in order to appreciate the novel. I suspect that feature made me to find exciting a novel that I would have otherwise considered poorly refined and boring: almost every quote or reference in the novel, about physics, organization of Catholic Church, use of Italian language is wrong, or odd, or at least unusual. Sometimes I have met misuses which show hilarious sides, for example, in a sentence Brown makes the female character, to state "If this guy disappears, we're fungito" and adds Langdon knew enough Italian to know she was right.. I DO NOT KNOW ENOUGH ITALIAN TO KNOW WHAT SHE MEANS, and that, together with many other errors, shook the certainty I have always been thinking of myself as a proper Italian mother-tongue. As a consequence, I had the curiosity to read how many sentences had been translated into Italian, but a quick search showed that an Italian edition will be released only in 2005. But, to be honest, that flood of oddities does not turn out to be a fundamental flaw; instead, giving a grotesque flavour to the whole, it enhances the general humour and speed the pacing action, and adding also a sort of treasure hunt (Which kind of silly surprise will the author manage to create in the next pages?) to the many ones already present. Of course, overwhelming presence of errors is a common feature in instant books, but I have never met before a collection so closely related to my background. I have been a bit more disappointed by the usual tricky way the author used to raise reader's attention, by cutting narration off abruptly, omitting explanation of fully visible and referred clues, and postponing them to further chapters, a device, in general opinion, a good writer should always avoid. The general plot is somewhat deceiving as well: Brown narrows down blatantly the possible identity of the villain, the mysterious commissioner of all crimes, to a unique character, and with a sudden and rough switch (just a bit rougher than in TDVC), reveals his real identity. Besides, at that point, the final rush seems to be end less, and becomes sometimes quite boring. Eventually, I have to take into account that I began to read TDVC, and went on with A&D, while looking for not too demanding books: they can be appreciated ever referring to that expectation.     