 A book should be reviewed by itself, but considering the wide resonance the Spielberg's movie has had since its delivery, and that I happened to read the book some years later, it is hard to me to keep it apart, so I am not even trying to. The book is well written, and Keneally turns out a very skilled writer, but the main interest lays of course in the narrated events, and I am a bit puzzled about classifying the book either as fiction or biographical. The most outstanding feature I met is the different kinds of rhetoric used by the writer and by the director: the former strict, descriptive and inquiring, the latter powerful and simplifying. Keneally takes the core event as an axiom, and do not to prove it, while he examines the complex stream of events that have taken place in such a complex situation. He also admits that some events, such as the rescue of women from Auschwitz, have never found a satisfactory explanation, and that he is not able to detect when Oskar Schindler made up is mind in trying to save the Jews, then he tells what happened. A completely different view is provided by Spielberg. Moving first from a rough approximation of the events reported in the book, he reinvents the story, depicting it as the human development and moral growth of Schindler. For example, all along the book Schindler remains an unfaithful husband, whilst in the movie it seems that at the end, when back to Brunnlitz, he makes some kinds of promises to his wife Emilie, and also the ending script refers of a "failure of the wedlock": in the book, it is explicitly written that Schindler left his Emilie. In the book the different natures of Oskar Schindler are always con contemporarily present. In the movie he seems like St. Paul on the road to Damascus; in the book he "is dallying like Zeus". According to Keneally, many other Germans give help to Jews, but none of them is mentioned in the film. In a nut, I would say that Keneally tried to tell Schindler's story, and Spielberg, however giving a likelihood representation of Holocaust, have wrought out a story of his own.     