 Some time ago, I read a statement about the difference between bestseller and best writer. This book is a strong instance. Even if it is arguable on so many sides, it represents nonetheless an amusing and capturing reading. But, in a sense, I have found it deceiving. As a first, a main rule in a fiction book requires that the reader shall have the same action visibility of protagonists. That rule has been systematically broken: the author refers continuously to elements the characters see, or recurs to their memories, whose explanation is postponed, sometimes after several chapters. For example, in the initial part, inside Louvre, every time a message is mentioned, the thread is interrupted, the focus is moved to a parallel one (there are ever three or four at the same time), and only when it is retrieved the description is completed. This suspension is an easy trick to increase reader's curiosity, but made me feeling a sense of incumbent delay, artificially and purportedly created, respect to the narrative flow. Nothing bad: even Conan Doyle often omitted a complete context definition, appending later additional information, but that technique causes a really different impression when used in a novel more than in short tales. As an extreme comparison, you can think how appalling can result a crime book where the guilty turns out to be a chap never mentioned before. I found that basic rule usually respected by other good bestseller authors, e.g. JK Rowling or Robert Harris, just to limit examples. Of course, you cannot ignore the huge, but very few accurate and very superficial, cultural background Brown builds to support the fast pacing action. A pinch of mathematical games, cryptography, a bit more art, a lot of history (mostly fictionalised) yields a highly refined recipe, which has turned out very good to sell. A comic side effect of the novel is the mass of erudite criticisms that have been written about. Those critics seem to be the only people to take the Holy Grail story seriously, worrying about confute it and pouring an endless list of references and episodes (which any navigator can find however in the Net). Naturally, authors dealing with such a subject have not many opportunities to get some visibility, so you must be comprehensive. But, considering also that, with a treachery far subtler than their textual analysis, they reveal most of the plot, you are better off reading their reviews AFTER you have read the novel. On the other side, Dan Brown could have spared the allegedly historical introducing remark, whose claiming about reality of Priory of Sion is at least dubious (i.e. manifestly wrong), and which misses also the actual nature of controversies that invested Opus Dei, which has been involved more in financial scandals than accusations of brainwashing or dangerous practices.  So, concluding, a Cartland-like thriller, superficial, exaggerate, an editorial firework, fast-pacing, sometimes ridiculous, a pleasant reading to pass time, but nothing remarkable.     