 Rating a book like that is quite difficult: on one side the subject is quite interesting and represents an uncomfortable truth, on the other one, I must admit that it looks like a good intention not well accomplished. It seems that the author, anxious to be recognized as the first scholar to discover a controversial, but undeniable, truth, wrote it in a hurry, lacking deepness to overcome in speed other possible competitors. That leads sometimes to make some positions extreme and ingenuous: for example, even if some Jewish organizations have forced reparations off from Swiss banks, without a real behalf and can be highly suspected to use that funds to finance their activities more than to support survivors, I can hardly agree with the picture of Swiss banks themselves as innocent institutions who ignored the Holocaust events and made no profits with Nazis during WWII and who are now victims of blackmailing. In the same way, you must not forget that many Nazi high functionaries had important commitments in Western Germany after the war. So Finkelstein's book can be a step in the right direction, but it should have been more very balanced. But to be honest, as a comparison, prefer his method, that I consider right even ill-applied, to other more dogmatic approaches. In spite of superficiality of his book, Finkelstein has surely chosen the right moment, besides the right direction. The subject of Holocaust, after many years of latency, have been recently reawakened by some well-spread controversies (Lipstadt-Irving, Goldhagen) and by some very good studies (Browning). So any other scholar who is going to study the consequences of Holocaust in modern society will not be able to afford to ignore Finkelstein's book. In that sense, the book has also been a very successful promotional task. But a point must me stated quite cleat: it is NOT an issue about WHAT Holocaust was IN THE PAST, but HOW Holocaust is NOW used. So, it shares nothing with revisionism and negationism, and it deals much more with actuality than with history.     