 This is a fairly readable presentation of pre-Tribulationism, and a valiant attempt at debunking the pre-Wrath rapture. Mr. Brainard apparantly came to the pre-Wrath position on his own (p.12) prior to the onset of Rosenthal's book. (Incidentaly, Tim LaHaye on page 95 of his book , "No Fear of the Storm" insisted that no person could ever come to the pre-Wrath conclusion on their own.)  Despite the obvious effort in producing this book, this reviewer disagrees with Mr. Brainard's handling of several points. Here are a few:  1. The rapture being a four-fold anchor (p. 15) does not square with the biblical comparisons of Lot who was anchored to Sodom, and the ten virgins (esp. the wise ones) who "fell asleep" while waiting for their master to return. The pre-Trib position has been a lullaby for the church. 2. As Rosenthal has more or less pointed out, the pre-trib position has an inherent inability to present the 70th week in a clear, unstrained, logical way. This is exemplified in the contradictions between pp. 24, 27 & 58.  Brainard asserts on p.24 that the Day of the Lord is "that blessed thousand years", and then on p. 27 concludes that it is the 70th week.  On p. 27, he points out that the "major premise of pre-Tribulationsm" is that the day of the Lord *is* eschatological judgment, and then on p. 58 he claims that he has demonstrated "conclusively that the day of the Lord is *not* eschatological judgment".  The book therefore starts out with the classic pre-Trib contradictions that pre-wrath advocates have been exposing for over a decade.  The page numbers are herein referenced for anyone to see and judge for themselves; Brainard plainly does not know he believes about the 70th week. 3. To date, pre-Trib writers such as Brainard continue to pronounce the seals themselves as the wrathful judgements of God (p. 127-ff), and never hypothesize about the contents of the scroll itself using Old Testament texts such as Zechariah or Ezekiel. Pre-wrath essentially asserts that the seals are the sovereign allowance (by God) of testing on the whole earth, but they are not symbolic of His wrath. Clearly, Revelation distingushes the seals from the bowls, calling the bowls His "wrath", not the seals. The pre-Wrath view, therefore, is not an argument from silence as Brainard asserts on p. 140 because scripture clearly articulates which symbols are wrathful judgments. It does not make the same explicit claim for the seals. That silence is the basis for pre-Trib's argument that the seals are judgments. 4. Brainard is incorrect on p. 205 when he asserts that pre-wrath's view of the 70th week not being identified as "the tribulation" is an argument from silence. It is true that the Bible does not address the 70th week as "the tribulation" -- that "silence" is a fact, not an argument. However, connecting the dots from the 70th week to a 7-year "tribulation", where there is no biblical text supporting it, is the true "argument from silence." The Bible, being silent, exposes the pre-tribbers creating the real argument out of silence! Mr. Brainard touts himself as an "old-fashioned country boy" (p. 13), but he is either highly educated or he has overused a thesaurus. The actual Greek letters are also used for much of the transliterated Greek words. The extraneous verbiage, as well as the Greek typography, tend to make the book a bit less readable. Since there is no scholastic biography of the author, one is left to wonder if he can really read and intpret the Greek printed in his text, or if he has relied solely on the interpretation of other scholars and has included the greek letters via "cut and paste" for cosmetic purposes. This book is not vitriolic like LaHaye's original rebuttal mentioned above, but it is classic pre-trib authorship, with strained logic, hypertechnical extrapolations, and poor reasoning. Prior to reading this book, one might read John MacArthur's "The Second Coming" which provides a much better foundation for the principles of Christ's return pretribulationally.     