 I expected this to be a great book with all the hype surrounding this story.  I am also very fond of George H. W. Bush, since I voted for him twice.  This book I was not fond of.  Why?  Because it equalizes the Americans and Japanese during World War II.  Forget about the Japanese conduct in China or the way they treated captured POWs and enemy aliens and then you have the moral equivalent of the Americans.  This along with many other crimes against humanity are shunted aside. Jim, The Germans, Japanese, and Italians were the first to target civilians in the 1930s and 1940s.  The Italians did it in Ethiopia, the Nazis did it to Poland, England, and Holland.  The Japanese did it in China and elsewhere.  They legitimized civilians as targets in war.  It must have been a surprise when they received the same medicine back again.  Sympathy I feel for those families who lost loved ones.  They should focus their anger at the leaders who brought them into the conflict.   Bradley is quite correct in saying the Americans of the early 20th century were racists.  But his description of our conduct in the Philippines is very slanted.  In Benovolent Assimilation, Miller shows the complex relationship between the islands and the American troops who occupied it.  Bradley slants it all in the most negative light.  The insurrection in the Philippines killed thousands of American soldiers, and the correct number of natives is hard to determine.  Bradley justs slants the most negative numbers onto his work.  For those readers who want a more balanced account, read Miller's book.  It will differ from what Bradley says. I guess I am upset because Bradley is equating American action in WWII as equal to the Japanese.  There may have been individual actions of killing Japanese prisoners of war, but what the Japanese did was monsterous.  Their leaders paid for it at the end of the war.  If one had to be captured by the Americans, British, or Japanese, what would be the preference.  Only those wanting a death wish would pick the Japanese.  I prefer not to starve, be worked to death (River Kwai), beheaded, and/or eaten. There was a great story in this book.  It was clouded by Bradley's moralizing about the evilness of the Americans.  He should have focused more attention on the story of the captured flyboys.     