 As some of the previous authors have already noted, this book is cleary marked for the conspiracy minded, and those who hate the Japanese monarchy.  It is revisionist history at its extreme.  Also it takes a lot of swipes at the Republican Party, even though it is a book about the Japanese monarchy.  It is dedicated to Diane Fienstein, the liberal Democratic Senator from California.  Where to begin? Up to Chapter 9, this was a very believable book.  It discussed the Meiji and Tashio Emperors and the first stages of Hirohito's rule.  Then it became unbelievable.  First it talked about how Roosevelt let Pearl Harbor happen.  There have been many books about this but suffice to say, this is VERY REVISIONIST, and probably not true.  Then it questions the courage of MacArthur.  Most historians don't debate his courage, but the Seagraves thought they could throw it in there.  It also suggested MacArthur was interested in the 1940 Republican nomination, when this is clearly not true.  Then it talks about the 1936 coup attempt in Tokyo as being very liberal, when in fact they were very militeristic and anti democractic.  This book takes swipes at Hoover as encouraging the corruption of the post war Japanese government and suggested he took a bribe of several million dollars.  Hoover devoted most of his life to public service and charities, so it is hard to believe the Seagrave's nonsense.  Then there were all the stories of the billions of dollars of gold and gems looted from the conquered Asian countries.  There were so many billions tossed around as sure facts, that I lost track if there was that much gold in the world. The Seagraves then detail all the corruption of post war Japan and blame it on Americans, the monarchy, and the rich strata of Japan.  It was hard to read this stuff when the documentation is just not there.   This is a hard book to swallow.  Part of this book is history, and the last 100 pages is pure fiction.  When an author puts one controversial subject in a book, it is open to discussion.  These authors threw in literally a hundred controversial subjects (loot, gold, blame for Pearl Harbor, corruption,) and ask the reader to believe them.  Please!!!!  Stick to the facts Seagraves, and no more treasure stories.  One gets sick of so much fantasy in a history book.        