 A nice book about the kleptacracy of present day Zimbabwe.  Robert Mugabe took a jewell of a country and turned it into a failed state.  He has done this so he can enrich his family, friends, and supporters at the expense of the vast Zimbabwean people.  Meredith describes the liberation of Rhodesia and the early promise of Mugabe's presidency.  After the honeymoon, Mugabe gave jobs to his supporters and enriched his party, the ZANU-PF.  Latest developments in Zimbabwe continue to show the mass exodus of the few remaining whites, and the poverty of the majority population.  Mugabe enriches himself and his supporters, but leaves the rest of the population to fend for itself.  I couple of comments about what some of the other reviewers said.  Zimbabwe is no longer a democracy.  Hitler took Weimar Germany and made it into a Fascist state.  Ferdinand Marcos took the Philippines and turned it into a tin horn dictatorship.  Just because a country has some trappings of democracy, it is not a democracy.  Remember the Soviet Union had elections, and they were not free.  Zimbabwe may have elections and a somewhat free judiciary, but it is not a democracy any more than Rhodesia was a democracy.  Mugabe is showing traits of a Fascist or Communist Dictator (i.e. hero worship of the leader).  Mugabe is also showing signs of his racist nature.  He often berates the former white leader Ian Smith, but Mugabe's leadership (or dictatorship) is worse.  At least Smith gave up power, Mugabe wants to retain power forever.    Another comment made by another reviewer is that the West should not show debt forgiveness to certain Third World countries.  I quite agree, why subsidize Zimbabwe so we can enrich the kleptocrats of the ZANU-PF and Mugabe's family.  The West should have learned its leason with Mobutu and Zaire.  Don't give Zimbabwe a dime until ZANU-PF and Mugabe are gone.    This is a good book from a great author.  I am reading his latest work about the Fate of Africa, and this is a nice companion read.     