 As Season Two begins, something isn't quite the same as Season One. I'm not talking about the fact that the series is now in color( although, boy, you sure can see those paper boulders now)  I'm talking about the fact that the stories aren't quite as good and the feel is a little bit lighter. Still, the show begins with a blast off into space (something we waited for the entire first season), but just three episodes later, they crash land on another planet just like the first (and we automatically suspect they will be there for another whole year, even when we watched it in its original broadcast back in the sixties as a 7th grader, as I was) Two episodes later, we see the Jupiter traveling through space again but only through flashbacks as the Robinsons are put on trial for  "crimes in space,"( probably an attempt to postpone our observation that this season is still going to be a one planet season. Incidentally, that was an excellent episode, mostly because it showed footage from the first two episodes of Season One, which, up to that point had never been repeated. Back in those days, so many episodes were made per season that an entire summer of reruns was not enough to repeat them all.  As the year moves forward, we begin to notice less science fiction stories and more fantasy. I do not mean Lord of the Rings quality fantasy,(the understatement of the century) but rather stupid singing Vikings, space cowboys,  well. you get the picture. (Mercifully I will not say much about the rock bottom episode with Penny and the dragon, that looked like a first grade school pageant and comes into a dead tie with the infamous vegetable people episode in Season Three)  The show gets so stupid that many of the fans feel betrayed. Then, somewhere in the second half of the season it looks as if somebody at CBS got the message. The stories get better again(never as good as Season One, those days are gone) but better, with aliens that look like aliens and a usage of characters other than Dr. Smith, Will and the robot.(characters that I liked before they became too overdone and before Dr. Smith went from being an evil but eccentric villain and before the robot turned from a real robot to a creature that sings, laughs cries and make you feel embarrassed for even admitting that you watch the show.  All in all, since it started out fair and ended up with an effort to return to the original magic, I am buying Season Two. Admittedly most of my reasons are nostalgic. I would be hard pressed to call any of this quality.  But all the nostalgia in the world will not get me to buy Season Three. Although they traveled through space again on and off for the whole year and tried again to make the show science fiction, the truth is, it had gotten so stupid that the producers didn't seem to know how to get out of it.  Bottom line: I love Lost In Space. But if I ever run for public office, I may have to employ a publicist who will "categorically deny any ties to the series."     