 Lover Eternal by J.R. Ward Book 2: Black Dagger Brotherhood  Grade: A  The second book in J.R. Ward's series doesn't disappoint. I purchased this early in the week, intending to save it as my reward for finishing my thesis draft. I made the mistake of peeking into the first chapter, and it was all downhill from there.  In the Brotherhood, Rhage is the brother with the strongest appetites for sex and violence. He was cursed over a hundred years ago. If his appetities become too strong, if he becomes emotionally unstable, a beast is released that kills anything in its path. It's a curse he must bear for another 91 years. Enter a human, Mary Luce, who is brought to the Brotherhood as a translator for a mute man who is like them. Her voice calms Rhage's beast, and their attraction is instant, burning hot. Mary herself is unwilling to accept a relationship, as she knows that her time is limited. A leukemia survivor, she knows the cancer has come back and she pushes away from Rhage, who couldn't possibly be interested in her. However, while with Rhage, Mary comes to the attention of the Lessening Society, an organization dedicated to destroying all vampires. She's taken to the Brotherhood's headquarters for protection, which causes a lot of problems, as humans are not permitted to know about their existence, or where the Brotherhood live. (Think of the Brotherhood as a military organization to protect the civilian vampires).  Ward layers her book with many stories and a lot of detail and depth. Every interaction between characters is meaningful, and develops both plot and character more deeply. I could buy into the world and the story, as well as the relationships very easily. There are many issues within the book -- issues of loyalty, trust and faith. Their relationship is of protector and protected, yet it reverses and changes through the book. Mary at first came across as a little weak, a little too innocent and naive, but she developed through the book to become a courageous and strong woman, ane more than a match for the alpha male Ward put her with. Rhage himself was alpha to the core, but with a very protective nature, of both his brothers and his woman. It's an interesting role reversal in LOVER ETERNAL, where the heroine constantly pushes the hero away for his own emotional protection, and it's the hero who is often hurt by her refusal to accept him. Yet at the same time, you can see how much it's costing both of them to try and walk away. Keep in mind that this doesn't happen throughout the entire book, and the reasons given for Mary's need to push away is legitimate and doesn't come across at all like melodrama.  I have very conflicting reactions to Ward's world. To some extent, while women are cared for in these books, and loved, they come across as being a bit "owned." The women are often referred to as "female" by the males, and it feels a little degrading to me. Yet at the same time, I can buy into a world where the men protect, and the women let them :) And the women aren't exactly weak or useless. My other issue was with the deux ex machina in the end. I had the same issue in Kenyon's book, where Ash comes in and brings everyone to life and saves the day. I don't deal well with those endings, because it's unrealistic and... silly. Fairytale-ish and childish to me. What made it palatable in LOVER ETERNAL was that sacrifices had to be made in order for the "gift" to be bestowed, and the sacrifice wouldn't be an easy one. Naturally, the sacrifice proves the hero's love for the heroine.  Ward's ability to tell a great story, and to build some really sizzling sexual tension, is amazing, however. She pushes the boundaries of romance (there is one love scene that I can't figure out if it creeped me out or turned me on) with her edgy heroes, scary evil organization, and heroines with real issues. She has truly dynamic characters that fill the book. Even the bad guys are fascinating, and she spends time unfolding bits and pieces of other characters. The personal issues she introduces into the book are real issues, serioius issues, and are dealt with seriously. None of the superfluous issues that seem to pepper the romance genre -- those issues are easily solved, or solved unrealistically.  I definitely recommend Ward's book to anyone who loves this genre, and likes darker, edgier books.      