 I finished listening to The Poison Study by Maria Snyder. It's a fantasy put out by Luna (Harlequin). Although the romance is light in this, it was a very enjoyable book -- so much so that I was listening to it at work on my iPod, which is amazingly hard to do and write at the same time :) However, she's created a fantasy world that is both interesting, but not so terribly different that you're thrown out of the story too often trying to figure out what a term is.  The book is about Yelena, an orphan scheduled to be executed in Ixia for the murder of a general's son. but as luck would have it, the commander's food taster has recently died and the law of the country states that the next person to be executed can have the job. Yelena accepts the position, and is trained by Valek, the chief of security and spymaster, very loyal to the commander. Yelena catches on quickly, but unfortunately, there's a number of people who want her blood. The story paces quickly as Yelena tries to stay one step ahead of all the assassins, even as a strange magic power begins to blossom within her. Magic, btw, is forbidden in Ixia and punishable by execution.  The story started out feeling a bit like young adult fantasy, but then quickly escalated. I especially enjoyed the narrator and heroine, Yelena. She's strong and intelligent, and very practical, though with enough of a woman's heart that she didn't seem cold. I was reminded a bit of Mercedes Lackey's Arrows of the Queen trilogy, without quite so much of the magic. The atmosphere is that of something similar to our Italian Renaissance with a communist rule. I especially enjoyed how the commander's regime was seen in shades of grey and not black and white.  Since this is a Luna book, the romance was not center stage, and really only starts falling into place near the end. But the buildup to it was lovely, particularly since it's in first person and we're watching it completely from Yelena's point of view. And I admit, I'm a sucker for a teacher/tutor romance :)  This is a wonderful debut novel for Maria Snyder. I look forward to the next installment.     