 In trying to be fair to this book because of its predecessors, I find myself holding back from what my real thoughts are. I loved the first three Wings in the Night books, first published as Silhouette Shadows.The characters and premise of the books were interesting and fascinating. I loved them. TWILIGHT HUNGER was a great disappointment to me. I neither liked nor related to the characters. The heroine struck me as  selfish and self-centered.She wasn't strong and had little or no compassion for anyone or anything other than herself. It seemed Shayne was trying for a wasting away, fragile heroine, but failed. Certainly the heroine was wasting away, but her personality made me hope that she would die. And soon. Very painfully. It's not that I didn't like the heroine. Okay, it was. The hero, Dante, was only very slightly more likable. Shayne was trying for the brooding, angsty, tortured hero and ended up with a brooding, angsty monster. Yes, a monster. A bit more civilized than your horror-type vampire, but a monster nonetheless. He was perfect for the heroine in that he seemed just an uncompassionate as she was.  As for the plot - well, there was a romance.  Somewhere. I keep looking for it. I'm still looking for it. As for the suspense part - well, it was silly. Pointless. I'm not sure why the author chose to bring in this whole other subplot with the secondary characters, other than to prove how truly devious people could be. And how loving they could be to a heroine who didn't deserve their compassion. OTOH, having a truly twisted ex-government agent hunting down vampires is not the most original idea, but wasn't too bad.  Unfortunately, I'm going to think twice, maybe three times, before I buy another Maggie Shayne Wings in the Night book. There was nothing driving in this book, nothing that gripped me or made me want to continue. I managed to get through it by sheer willpower. Fans of vampire romances may want to go ahead and pick this one up, but don't expect it to be compelling.     