 After spending nearly 200 years being tortured in a firey hell by the Vampire Horde, Lykae (read: Werewolf) Lachlain MacRieve escapes, swearing revenge on the vampires. His escape is spurred by his sensing of his eternal mate, but when he finds her, he's maddened to discover that she is a half vampire. Emmaline Troy is a half vampire/half Valkyrie in Paris searching for information on her biological parents. She's accosted by Lachlain and forced to accompany him back to Scotland. All the while, they are pursued by vampires trying to steal Emma back, as she's the only female vampire left.  Oh, where to start on this book. Cole writes a very sexy book, with fascinating characters. If you like your heroes alpha, then Lachlain fits the bill. The book moves rapidly, and the secondary characters really come to life. I started out not liking Emmaline very much. She seemed weak and wimpy and indeed, the character herself says she's a coward and weak. However, Cole grows Emma from a scared, timid heroine to a very strong and empowered woman able to stand up to the alpha male trying to run her life. And considering her "youth" (she's 71 years to his 1200 years), she needs some assertiveness to handle him.   Cole also captures the essence of each "creature." Emma is sexy and there's no question, but she talks about clawing and pawing things, and she hisses. Lachlain's beast really comes out, and even in the cover, the model's hands are very beasty looking. I like the realism.  Cole's book completely captivated me, but I did have some issues. The primary problem I had was that her dialogue tended to leave the subject out. Quite a bit of the Lykae dialogues were incomplete sentences, and I could never figure out if it was just a trait in their speech patterns. Whatever it was, it didn't work for me as I read the book. Maybe if I heard it spoken out loud the way the author heard it, it might sound more natural, but unfortunately, it bothered the bejeezus out of this English major. Also, Cole tends to switch points of view pretty frequently, almost like you're watching television. It was disruptive for me.  My other issue was that Emmaline's foster family -- the Valkyries -- were interesting, but seemed there to provide nothing but comic relief. The book started out pretty intensely serious and dramatic, but as it progressed, it felt like the author decided on twisting it into a bit of comedy. Not too over the top, however, and I grew to really like them.  And for those who are bothered by rather forceful sex, and near rape-scenes, you might need to skip this one. Lachlain is a touch crazy in the beginning (I would be, too, after 200 years of having the flesh burned off my body), and has a very strong dislike of vampires, so he treats the heroine very shabbily and while there isn't any actual rape, there are some close calls that made me uncomfortable.  Overall, however, despite the sentence syntax and the switch in styles, I really enjoyed the book and I'll look forward to the next one.     