 The last book I read by McNaught was PERFECT and that (feels like) a very long time ago. McNaught has been a favorite of mine, but for whatever reason, I never read the books she published after PERFECT.  EVERY BREATH YOU TAKE is vintage McNaught. Boy meets girl. Boy and girl have immediate attraction. Boy and girl sleep together. Boy and girl spend most of the book in The Big Misunderstanding. Don't get me wrong -- I like the Big Misunderstanding as a plot device. Love shouldn't ever come easily, and sometimes squabbling can be fun. But, as a friend of mine once pointed out, McNaught takes The Big Misunderstanding to new heights. There are layers to misunderstanding in this book. There are little ones, then they get bigger, and bigger and bigger, and just when you think the hero and heroine are going to communicate and get together, KA-BAM!, one of them does something abysmally stupid by NOT COMMUNICATING, and they end up in two years of misery.  McNaught writes wonderful characters, however. I absolutely loved Kate and how strong she seemed. McNaught builds excellent backgrounds for her heroine and hero, and you can feel the pain of their upbringing, and the beauty as they begin to open up to each other, and our aloof, cold hero starts to soften and fall for our heroine.   My issues? The slam-you-in-the-face backstory for the first 3-4 pages. Usually I'm okay with getting the back story slammed at me, but her method was difficult for me to get into. She has secondary characters talking to each other about the hero and his history, but the dialogue doesn't feel real or natural. More like monologues to each other. All the same I got into the book after that, and spent the next 150 pages watching the hero trying to lure our heroine into bed. Then the rest of the book was the hero and heroine hating each other, and trying to get on without each other until the last 50 pages, where a tragedy draws them back together (3 years later!). And while some of the secondary characters are colorful, others are very flat. The murder mystery was definitely a peripheral part of the story, and only caused about a chapter of disruption to the love story.  This story read a bit like a melding of PARADISE and PERFECT to me. Enjoyable, but not very different from her previous books. I wish she'd widen out a little from the "High Society and Rich Folk are bad and amoral and middle class is good" theme, because she doesn't do a lot different with it. I haven't read NIGHT WHISPERS or SOMEONE TO WATCH OVER ME, so I've no idea how they compare to this one. I always enjoy McNaught's heroes, however, and Mitchell was no exception. I like those rich, powerful, unattainable cold heroes. Must be a masochist in me :)  I think I'd recommend it as a paperback read, but not a hardback. It was enjoyable, but nothing original or intriguing. If you've liked past McNaughts, you'll enjoy this one.     