 SHADOW TOUCH By Marjorie M. Liu (Book 2 of the Dirk and Steele series)  Grade: A-  In this next installment of Marjorie Liu's Dirk & Steele series, we find Artur, a former Russian Mafia gunman who  now works for the detective agency, kidnapped by the Consortium, who want him to work for them. Our stalwart and loyal hero naturally refuses and finds himself tortured for his refusal. His torture takes a unique form -- he's forced to walk naked through the Consortium's facilities because Artur has a gift. He can receive imprints of people and emotions and memories from anything he touches. The Consortium's facilities are filled with other talented individuals like himself, many of whom have been tortured and killed.  In the same facility is Elena, a gifted healer who has also been kidnapped for an unknown reason. She and Artur pass each other in the hallway of the facility and a link is formed when she saves his life.  The remainder of the book is Artur and Elena's escape from the facility and their discovery of the Consortium's true purpose.  Marjorie Liu has written another excellent book that's going on my keeper shelf. I liked this one even more than TIGER EYE. Elena is a heroine who holds her own and makes her own decisions. She's strong and it shows very well and stays consistent within her character. Artur fits beautifully into the tortured hero role, yet Liu never allows us, or the hero, to be completely dragged under into pages and pages of angst. There's angst, but it's counterbalanced by the quickly paced plot of the book, and by the witty dialogue between characters, as well as by the poignancy of the love story.  The villains are purely evil, yet fascinating to read about. While they stayed mostly two-dimensional, their pure badness was just amazing, particularly Charles Darling, a serial killer and rapist. Other secondary characters also captured my attention, and seem to be promises for future books, particularly Rictor, Elena's jailor  Now for the criticisms. Elena, previously a healer, is forced to kill in the book. Although handled a little better than Kenyon's UNLEASH THE NIGHT, I still had some problems with her lack of... Follow up. She and Artur do discuss the possibility of her killing someone, yet when it's done, her concern is that Artur will be repelled, and there's no remorse. Okay, the people who were killed deserved it. I think what made it palatable was simply because you knew these characters were pure evil. Yet... I still wanted to see something. Trauma or drama. Even without knowing of Liu's X-Men fandom, I cannot help but draw comparisons between her book and the X-Men universe. Although her Dirk & Steele agency has more layers, some of them quite dark, than Professor X's school, the same premise is there, as are the manifestation of the characters' powers. One of the villains even points out that the powers tend to manifest at puberty, something also mentioned in the X-Men movies (I haven't read many of the comics).  But all the same, even if some of the ideas are leaking from Liu's subconscious into her books, her treatment of the same themes is different enough that she makes the books hers and not a knock-off. Her characters are unique, with no echoes of characters from the X-Men universe, and the plots fascinating, along with the layered story arc that's sure to span several books. I'm intrigued, that's for sure, and I'll keep reading them to get the next piece.     