 My previous experience with Meshuggah was limited to Chaosphere, a CD I had listened to incessantly for months on end before Nothing came out. Chaosphere set a new standard in my mind for hard-hitting music: the crazy riffing, the monster sound, the mind-numbing polyrhythms. When I first heard Nothing, I was disappointed. On the first few listens it seemed simpler than Chaosphere; even like they had taken a few steps backward in terms of technical wizardry and compositional technique. But I kept listening to it, convinced that there must be something there I wasn't getting. After a while, something nagged at me: after dozens of listens, I still couldn't tap along with the guitar riffs and drum beats, like I can with Chaosphere. I still couldn't figure out what was happening rhythmically in some of the songs... and I found that every time I had the urge to put on Chaosphere, something made me want to put on Nothing instead. Eventually I realized that the seemingly simpler compositions on this album are actually more complicated than anything on Chaosphere. There's much better use of space, and the repetitive patterns are less obvious. The drums and vocals are featured more, and there are some excellent textural changes sprinkled throughout - such as the trancy sections in "Closed Eye Visual" and "Straws Pulled at Random," or the drum break in "Spasm." Other qualities of this album got better with age, too: the restrained tempos, which initially turned me off, really started growing on me. The production seemed odd to me at first, with the vocals so much more in front; but the mix is crystal clear, the guitars sound absolutely huge, and the drum sound is incredible. The final word? Now, when I listen to this album and Chaosphere back to back, Nothing sounds more mature, more focused, and more meaty. I never thought I would say this, but Chaosphere even sounds accessible by comparison. The only things that bug me? First, I definitely agree with the fellow who expressed his irritation about the tragic underuse of the bass in Meshuggah's music. The instrument is left completely unexplored and serves only as the anchor to the guitars. That's ok, I suppose, but I would love to hear some interesting bass vs. guitar polyrhythms, for instance. Second, these guys rely way too much on fade-outs to end the songs... a cheap compositional tool. I like it much more when the songs have a solid ending. When they fade out, it just sounds like they were too tired or uninspired to write a real ending.     