 The work of John Zorn spans a seemingly infinite array of genres and runs the gamut from complete crap to complete genius. For someone interested in buying their first Zorn recording, simply going to the record store and grabbing a random CD out of the bin would be tantamount to putting a hand in the shark tank hoping to catch a salmon.  Luckily, there's an answer for you: the debut Naked City album. It would be difficult to rave about this incredible CD enough. It is mind blowing in every way. And unlike many other Zorn offerings, it is fun and accessible, provided you can get past Zorn's saxophone shrieks. And I'll sympathize with you if you can't, because they can get irritating; but if you can't get past them, then you might as well throw in the towel now, because few Zorn recordings come without them. In my opinion, the musicians in Naked City are absolutely the best Zorn has worked with in any of his projects. Bill Frisell's guitar playing screams with rage and whimpers with beauty; Fred Frith's elegant and fluid bass playing is unmatched in the world of genre-jumbling bands, as is the insane drumming of Joey Baron; and Wayne Horvitz glides masterfully between styles on his multitudes of keyboards like a juggler tossing executioner axes on a unicycle. Boredoms vocalist Yamatsuka Eye also appears on a few tracks here, and like the shrieking saxophone, he takes some getting used to; but the comedic and dramatic elements he brings to the table are vast and powerful. Lots of other reviews have talked about specific tracks, so I won't rehash them here other than to add that my favorites are the bizarre pairing of Ornette Coleman's "Lonely Woman" to the bass line from Roy Orbison's "Pretty Woman," and the assorted short hardcore tracks in the middle, which really kick. If you do get this album and like it, you should proceed in short order to Torture Garden (or better yet, the Black Box set, which includes Leng T'Che) and Radio. Avoid Absinthe and Heretic, which boast less of the craziness that make Zorn's music wonderful, and more of the avant-garde pretentiousness that make it annoying.     