 Originally a double album, Bob Dylan's "Blonde On Blonde" is often hailed as one of the greatest, if not the greatest album of the sixties. While I don't think this is Dylan's best album (that award goes to "Highway 61" in my book) it is still a fantastic record. Like its predecessor, alot of the songs have a blues-based rock sound, however there is a large emphasis on acoustic guitar, as well as electric guitar on the album. Thus, quite a few of the songs (in particular "4th Time Around" and "Sad Eyed Lady Of The Lowlands") have a more folky/ballad sound to them. In terms of lyrical content, Dylan proves that he has more tricks up his sleeve and that his wit is as razor sharp as ever. The songs range from the whimsical to the serious, from the ironic to the just plain weird. Most are about women (hence the album title) with "Rainy Day Women No's 12 and 35" (even though it has the word "women" in its title) and "Stuck Inside Of Mobile With The Memphis Blues Again" being the two acceptions. The latter is another one of Dylan's weird, yet wonderful surreal ramblings along the lines of "Tombstone Blues" or "Desolation Row" from "Highway 61 Revisited".   Many of the songs on this album are excellent, while some are just merely good. "Rainy Day Women No's 12 and 35" was the album's big hit and is quintessentially a 60's song, what with its "stoned" imagery and all. "Visions Of Johanna" is one of those great story songs that Dylan seems to pull of so well. It is quite lengthly, but as it is a story song, it can be forgiven. "I Want You" and "Most Likely You Go Your Way And I'll Go Mine" are both catchy love songs and show a funky side of Dylan that he hadn't yet exhibited. "Leopard-Skin Pill-Box Hat" is just hilarious. It is probably one of the few songs that will make you laugh (or at least smile) each time you hear it. "Just Like A Woman" and "4th Time Around" are gorgeous folk/blues numbers, the latter sounding a little like the Beatles' "Norwegian Wood". Dylan saves his best for last, and the 10 minute "Sad Eyed Lady Of The Lowlands", a love song Dylan dedicated to his wife Sara, is by far the album's main highlight. The portrait of Sara that Dylan paints with his words, with a sparse, yet beautiful musical backing alone justifies the album's purchase. It stands today as one of Dylan's best songs. If you have just recently got into Dylan and want something a little more, I definitely recommend picking "Blonde On Blonde" up. You'll find that it will grow on you over time, and given the time, it makes for an interesting and highly enjoyable aural experience.     