 "Highway 61 Revisited" is, in my opinion, Bob Dylan's best album. Although many fans believe that either "Blonde On Blonde" or "Blood On The Tracks" is his defining work, "Highway 61 Revisited"  remains my favourite. It is undoubtedly Dylan's most accessible "rock" album, whereas the aforementioned albums require patience in order to fully enjoy them. It is also an album of great historic importance. Blending meaningful, poetic lyrics with a rockier style of music, Dylan proved that poetry wasn't exclusive only to folk music, and that rock and roll could also  have meaning, as well as spread a message. This move of his was controversial and influenced many artists of the time, including the Beatles (who had before inspired Dylan to pick up an electric guitar!). The songs musically are a mix of Rock, Blues and Folk and there isn't a clunker among them. I could literally write pages about each individual song, but I'll make it plain and simple:    The album's famous opener "Like A Rolling Stone" itself is an important song. Being six minutes long, it broke the "three minute rule" that radio stations in the USA had sanctioned on pop songs. Many believe this song to be the first "true" rock song, and they're probably right.  "Tombstone Blues" and the title track both take you on a journey inside Dylan's head, and you're in for a wild ride. The lyrics, with the weird, seemingly unrelated imagery, may seem ridiculous on first listen, but they really are quite funny :).  "It Takes A Lot To Laugh...", "Queen Jane Approximately" and "Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues" are superb slow blues numbers. "Ballad Of A Thin Man" is a chilling piano-based tune. The vivid picture of a freak circus that Dylan conjures up often leaves me feeling spooked out (but in a good way). "From A Buick 6" is Dylan's humourous tribute to his "graveyard woman", and it rocks hard.  The album's grand gem is the 11-minute closer "Desolation Row". Musically, it features just guitar and harmonica, and thus reminds one alot of Dylan's earlier folk material, but the lyrics - all surrealist poetry, are what makes this song a masterpiece. They could even be read as a poem on their own, without musical accompaniment. Everybody knows the "Einstein disguised as Robin Hood" bit, and if you're patient enough to listen to the song all the way through, you're in for quite an experience. If you are new to Dylan and want a good sampling of his work, forget a greatest hits compilations and buy this, along with "The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan" (which is a good representation of Dylan's folkie days). "Highway 61 Revisited" remains proof of Dylan's legendary status and why he has been THE master of both words and music over the past forty years.     