 I bought "OK Computer" a few weeks after its release. During those few weeks I heard critics and fans alike hailing it as  the best album of the nineties, if not the best album of all time. "This should be worth a listen, then", I thought to myself. After all, I heard numerous tracks from their previous album "The Bends" on the radio and liked them (especially "High And Dry). When I first played OK Computer, the first six tracks blew me away instantly. "Airbag" is tuneful and fresh-sounding with its drum loop and string arrangement. "Paranoid Android" is like a "Bohemian Rhapsody" for the 1990's, and definitely one of that decade's best singles. "Exit Music" is another great song. It has this folksy quality to it, which I like. "Let Down" and "Subterranean Homesick Alien" are nice mellow guitar-pop tunes. "Karma Police" is the track that first caught my attention. I really enjoyed it on the first few listenings, but thanks to it being thrashed on radio and MTV (and other music channels for that matter), it doesn't really hold any special interest for me anymore.  I could've done without the rest of the album. "Fitter Happier" is a joke. "Electioneering" is tuneless drivel. "No Surprises" is mildly tuneful, but after a while it becomes just plain annoying with its repetitive xylophone riff, and all the radio overplay just makes the song sound worse (the video for this song is one of the worst I've seen. What statement is Thom trying to make here?). "Lucky" and "The Tourist" are completely dull and uninteresting. "Climbing Up The Walls" is the only really good song amongst this clunker. It has this spooky atmosphere and the string arrangement benefits the song 100%. So, all in all, this is the kind of album one would buy in order to sound "cool" or "intelligent" in front of his/her peers. "OK Computer" would've worked better for me if it were a 6-song EP encompassing the first six songs of the album. I still can't come to grips with the fact that the British "Q" magazine ranked this album as the second best British album of all time ahead of much better albums by artists such as the Beatles, the Smiths and David Bowie. "OK Computer" might have been one of the best British albums of the nineties, but certainly not the second best of all time! I though "Q" would've known better. The album still gets four stars because the first half of the album is superb. So what is the best album of all time? I'm not too sure right now, as I have many favourites, but it is certainly NOT Radiohead's "OK Computer".     