 Before he was Ziggy Stardust or the Thin White Duke, David Bowie was "Bowie: the singer-songwriter" and "Hunky Dory" is Bowie at the height of this particular phase in his career. The album is quite diverse in terms of both musical and lyrical content. One song can be a bouncy piano-driven pop song, while the next could be a sombre reflective guitar piece. All the songs are excellent, unlike these one-hit wonder albums that just seem to be cropping up nowadays. The album kicks off with "Changes" - a fantastic piano ballad in which Bowie urges "you Rock 'n' rollers" to turn and face the strange changes that one has to go through in life. "Oh! You Pretty Things" is another piano-based song, and quite an upbeat and poppy one despite its dark lyrical content - reflecting Bowie's early obsession with the philosophy of Nietzsche ("Homo Sapiens have outgrown their use.....You gotta make way for the Homo Superior"). "Eight Line Poem" is pure poetic beauty, and could happily be read as a poem on its own. "Life On Mars" is, in many people's belief, Bowie's best song. While I don't think it's his very best, it's still a great track, with a sweeping string arrangement courtesy of Mick Ronson (who also plays guitar on the album). "Kooks" is an irresistible acoustic-pop song that Bowie wrote for his (then) baby son Zowie, and it features some memorable lines, in particular "Don't pick fights with the bullies or the cads/ 'Cause I'm not much cop at punching other people's Dads". "Quicksand" is a break from the wit and wackiness of the previous few songs. Bowie picks up his acoustic guitar and goes into reflective mode, telling us that he's "sinking in the quicksand of [his] thoughts". As well as thought-provoking lyrics, the song boasts a lovely melody, making it one offavourite songs on the album. Things get happy again with "Fill Your Heart", a jazzy music-hall number with saxophone by Bowie himself and trumpet by Trevor Bolder (who also plays bass on the album). "Andy Warhol" is a dark, Spanish-sounding folk song about, you guessed it - Andy Warhol. The lyrics are truly bizarre, but it's a great song nevertheless."Song For Bob Dylan" is another song about an important cult figure of the 60's/70's. It's also quite a good folk-rock tune. "Queen Bitch", the album's lone hard-rocker is another winner, with some particularly funny (and biting) lyrics. Musically, this is one of the songs that paved the way for Bowie's next album. The album's sombre closer, the "The Bewlay Brothers", is a musically sparse and eerily moving track, with some rather dark lyrics concerning mental illness, bisexuality and drug abuse. It's another good piece of poetry - the imagery is just striking. Its sinister "Lay me place and bake me Pie" coda sung in both low and high-pitched cockney voices is strangely almost tear-jerking. Well, there you have it folks. The mature, intelligent lyrics and catchy tunes are bound to get any serious lover of good music hooked. These are the my exact qualities that make "Hunky Dory" one of my favourite albums and truly one of Bowie's best.     