 I read this book from start to finish on a 9 hour trans-atlantic flight, and was absolutely unable to put it down until I was finished. Dylan essentially serves up 3 snapshots of his life in this 300 page first volume of a reputed three volumes: his early days in Minneapolis and New York, prior to making it big; his disenchantment with fame and fortune era-1971; and his recording of the Daniel Lanois-produced "Oh Mercy" album in 1987-88.  Couple of things that struck me while reading this: first and foremost, Dylan must have a memory of steel. I mean, he recounts his early days in New York (era-1961) with simply an incredible amount of detail and color, and yes, even name-dropping. It's like a painting coming to life in your mind, and like you are right then and there. Second, it's hard for some to accept (see reviews below), but Dylan makes it perfectly clear he never wanted to be the 'spokesman for a generation' and in fact flat-out refuses it, going to extreme lengths in the early 70s to try and change his image. Third, for anyone expecting personal stuff, forget about it! Dylan will refer once in a while to "my wife" in the various chapters, and that's it. Good for him. Finally, the "Oh Mercy" chapter gives great insight on how Dylan and Lanois struggled through their disagreements to deliver a pretty good (but not classic) album. Dylan must've been pleased as he asked Lanois to produce "Time Out of Mind" in 1997. This book covers such much, yet so little. Just imagine how much more is yet to come!  Some retailers provided a (free) accompanying "Chronicles Volume One Limited Edition" CD. The CD (6 tracks, 18 min.) is notable for including a previously unavailable track, "The Cuckoo", recorded live at the Gaslight in NY in 1962. The audio quality is surprisingly good (coughs from the audience are clearly heard at one point, though). Also included is a previously unreleased demo of "Dignity", which Dylan discusses in the book. The other 4 tracks are 2 songs each from the "New Morning" and "Dignity" albums which songs Dylan also discusses in the book. In all, a terrific CD for the inclusion of the previously unavailable tracks. And the book is a must, not just for Dylan fans, but for anyone wanting to understand better the beginnings of one of rock's great legends. And when he comes to your town this year or next, please go see him! Who knows how long the "never-ending tour" will really go on?     