 There are about 45 proper Bob Dylan studio albums and about as many compilation albums of one kind or another. While it's been 5 years since Bob's last studio album (2001's "Love and Theft"), there have been a slew of compilations released since 2000, including the 2CD The Essential (in 2000), Bootleg Series Vol. 5 (2002), Greatest Hits Vol. 1-3 (2003), Bootleg Series Vol. 6 (2004), Chronicles Vol. 1 (2004) and Bootleg Series Vol. 7 (2005), the latter being the soundtrack to the riveting Martin Scorsese documentary "No Direction Home".   On the heels of the critical success of "No Direction Home", yet another compilation was released in November, 2005: "The Best of Bob Dylan" (16 tracks; 78 min.). The main selling point is that this CD delivers the most simplistic (some might say, superficial) overview of Dylan's 40 year recording career on a single CD. Thankfully the tracks are sequenced chronologically, starting with "Blowing in the Wind" and finishing with "Summer Days". As always, you can argue till the cows come home why certain tracks are or are not on here, the fact is that there is as much music on here as a single CD will allow. This compilation is not marketed to the die-hard Dyaln fan, but instead to the very casual Dylan fan who liked the buzz from "No Direction Home" but for whom the 2CD "The Essential" overview is still too much. Bottom line: this is the best single-CD overview of Bob Dylan's long and storied career.  Please note: there is a confusingly identical titled single-CD compilation available that was issued in Europe in the late 1990s (and widely available in the US, including here on Amazon), which then was followed by "The Best of Volume 2" a few years later. The 2005 US release of "The Best of" has no connection with it, and its tracklist is fundamentally different. Last but not leat, the word is that Dylan has a new studio album in the can, with an expected release of Fall, 2006. Now this is something Dylan die-hards can all rejoice over!     