 When I read the inside flap of this book, I knew right away that I would love this book, and I did. I basically ready it cover to cover, non-stop, one recent weekend. How did the Class of 93 of Thomas Jefferson HS in northern Virgina turn out, 10 years later? The writer, himself a TJ 93 grad, focuses on 16 people (out of a class of 404), with himself interwoven throughout the book.  The writer's basic premise is that 1993-2003 represents the "real" 90s decade (starting with Clinton's presidency, and ending with the start of the war in Iraq, with the internet Boom and Bubble, Monica Lewinsky and of course 9/11 along the way).  The best part of the book is (not surprisingly) to see how people change over a period of 10 years. In fact, it would appear that may, if not most, of the '93 TJ grads turn out very different after 10 years than their HS graduation would have lead most to believe or expect. One of the best stories involves Karen Taggert (yes, the reviewer right below me), who ends up teaching inner-city schools in DC. Another compelling story is John Doyle, the rigid military-reared (with accompanying strong views) kid who goes to West Point and undergoes a major change after doing his 5 yr duty in the military. I equally disagree with David Jacobs' review that the inclusion of the chapter on Sean Bryant (who took his life in college) was disrespectful or exploitative.   If there is one common thread throughout the stories of these now 27-28 yr olds looking back at high school, it's that many of them don't really seem all that happy! "We were prepared to be successful but not to be happy" is a statement that comes back more than once. Wow, that worries me (having 2 kids in HS now).  The last chapter, on the actual 10 year HS reunion, is somewhat of a letdown, after reading so many fascinating stories. But then again, isn't any HS reunion a letdown? It doesn't diminish the value of the book. Ultimately, the writer did an excellent job in making a bunch of strangers into compelling persons. Highly recommended! (And a sequel 10 years from now would be most welcome...)     