 (Music: 5 Stars;  Compilation: 3 Stars) There can be no denying the genius of Paul McCartney's music over the years. This is the 3rd hit compilation of Macca's career, and while the quality of the individual songs is stellar, I am bewildered by the "Wingspan" compilation (2 CDs, 153 min.). CD1 "Hits" (18 tracks, 75 min.) is just that: a compilation of the best known songs, overlapping greatly with earlier compilations "Wings Greatest" and "All the Best". A shame that a dud like "No More Lonely Nights" is included instead of, say, "Mary Had a Little Lamb", a genuine hit in 1972 and Wings' second single ever. Also beware: "Junior's Farm" and "With a Little Luck" appear in the (shorter) single version. CD2 "History" (22 tracks, 78 min.) is a hodgepodge without any apparent rhyme or reason ("a collection of some of my favorite songs" says Paul in the (skimpy) liner notes). The track sequencing is incomprehensible (for example "Take it Away" is sandwiched between 3 songs from the "McCartney" album, and thus sounds totally out of place). Adding insult to injury, it includes an alternative version of the afore-mentioned dud "No More Lonely Nights". On the plus side, it does include an unissued version of "Bip Bop" of the underrated "Wings Wild Life" album. Conspicuously MIA are "Girls' School", "Arrow Through Me", "Ballroom Dancing", "Deliver Your Children" and some other notable singles. The "History" CD is a missed opportunity for the not-so-casual Macca fan to gather some real key singles and more obscure B-sides and essential album tracks in one place. That Wings' first single "Give Ireland Back to the Irish" is not included in a 40 track compilation on Wings is just plain silly. Other missing "must-haves": "I Lie Around" (excellent B-side of "Live and Let Die"), "The Mess" (B-side of "My Love"), "Little Woman Love" (B-side of "Mary Had a Little Lamb"), "Mama's Little Girl" (1972 track issued as B-side to "Put it There" in 1990), "Country Dreamer" (B-side to "Helen Wheels"), and "Oh Woman, Oh Why" (B-side of "Another Day"). All these tracks can be found on the various remastered Wings albums issued some years ago in the UK and available here as an import. "Wingspan" ultimately misses the point: too overreaching for the casual Macca fan, and not comprehensive enough for the avid Macca fun. Maybe they'll get it right on the 4th try.     