 (Music: 4.5 Stars    Compilation: 1.5 Stars) The outside packaging of "Peter Gabriel Hit" boasts the phrase "The Definitive 2 CD Collection. How misleading! This collection of songs (29 tracks; 151 min.) is neither a "greatest hits" as several hit singles are missing, nor a "best of" as several key album tracks were overlooked. Instead, I think this is Peter's idea of what in his mind his "definitive collection" should sound like, rather than giving the fans a straight-forward collection of his biggest and best tunes. The collection is divided up between the "Hit" CD1 and the "Miss" CD2. Why the CDs are subtitled that way is not clear, as certainly not all tracks on CD1 are "hits", and some tracks on CD2 in fact are.  Gripe 1: it's clear that Peter is quite fond of his 2002 album "Up": 5 of its 10 tracks are on here! Nevermind that none of them in fact was a hit, and to add insult to injury the only song fron "Up" to be released as a single ("The Barry Williams Show") is not even on here!. Ironically, I also like "Up" as an album a lot, but it simply does not deserve 5 songs on here.  Gripe 2: There is only one, yes you read right, ONE song ("Solsbury Hill") from Peter's very successful debut album. "Modern Love" and "Moribund the Burgermeister" are inexplicably absent. ("Here Comes the Flood" is on here in the 1990 re-recorded version, with Peter solo on piano.) Gripe 3: there is not a single song from "Peter Gabriel 2". Can you say "selective memory"? (The album was also overlooked on the 1990 "Shaking The Tree" compilation.) "On The Air" and "DIY" should have been included on this "definitive" collection.  Gripe 4: While there are 4 songs from "Us", missing in action nevertheless are "Kiss the Frog" (a genuine hit, actually), and "Come Talk to Me", an essential song in Peter's catalogue. This by no means implies that the music on this collection is not good, not at all. There are many great songs on here. In addition to many familiar songs, the unreleased "Burn You Up, Burn You Down" is a great track, with heavy grooves, and "Lovetown" (from the 1994 "Philadelphia" soundtrack) is another gem, and appears for the first time on a Peter Gabriel record. But ultimately, this is not about the quality of the music, but about the quality of the compilation. Strictly on that account, this album flunks. Not a surprise then that it also flunked at retail.     