 As a longtime fan of Sixpence, I have been looking forward to this compilation, and was not disappointed. "The Best of Sixpence None the Richer" (18 tracks, 73 min.) features of course the handful of the band's truly "greatest hits" such as "Kiss Me", "There She Goes", "Breathe Your Name", etc. After that, this CD attempts to collect the many songs that Sixpence has released over the years on various soundtracks and compilations, and in fact does a great job at it. While I had a couple songs already, most of them I didn't. Outstanding is "I Need Love" (from the "Here on Earth" soundtrack), as well as "Brighten My Heart" (from the "Exodus" compilation). Less stellar is the Abba-cover "Dancing Queen" (from the the "Dick" soundtrack). The Japanese version of "Kiss Me" is also not really needed.  Some key album tracks are unfortunately missing, including the 1-2 punch of "Field of Flowers" and "Spotlight" (from "The Fatherless and the Widow"), possibly the best Sixpence songs ever, but also missing is "Tonight" from "Divine Miscontent", as well as "I Can't Catch You" and "Love" from the self-titled album, also among the best Sixpence songs ever. This makes the so-called "Best of" not the best possible overview of Sixpence's career for the casual fan, regretfully.  I am totally convinced that Sixpence's career was tanked by the inexcusable 6 year hiatus between their break-out self-titled album (in 1997) and "Divine Miscontent" (in 2003) due to a label implosion and subsequent never-ending legal tangling over Sixpence's musical rights. I remember seeing the band in concert in December 2000, with Leigh Nash sighing to the audience "we hope to have a new album out soon". It would be another 3 years, and by then the window of opportunity had come and gone, unfortunately. Sixpence was one of my very favorite bands ever, and I wish Matt and Leigh nothing but the best. (For longtime Sixpence fans: Matt has been touring with Over the Rhine in the last year. Check out Over the Rhine, they are awesome as well.)     