 When Yes issued "Tormato" in 1978, it was not received well by critics or Yes fans alike, and over the years this has become one of the "lost" albums of Yes. This definitive reissue is most welcome, not only for sound quality, but it offers a new opportunity to re-assess "Tormato", which is actually not nearly as "bad" as many want you to believe. The "Expanded & Remastered" version of "Tormato" (18 tracks, 79 min.) brings of course the 8 tracks of the original album, which brings a rockier and tighter sound than we are used to from Yes, spurred by the succes of the "Wonderous Stories" single of the previous "Going for the One" album. No 10 or 15 min. epic songs here. Highlights include "Future Times/Rejoice", the hard rocking "Release Release" (a minor hit), the brooding yet optimistic "Arriving UFO" (remember, this is the age of "Close Encouters of the Third Kind") containing some great Rick  Wakeman keys, and "On the Silent Wings of Freedom", which finds Chris Squire working overtime on bass, as only he can. There is also the hit single "Don't Kill the Whale", still a concert staple these days. The reissue comes with a whopping 10 bonus tracks, which of course is a mixed bag. Highlights include "Abilene" (the B side of the "Dont Kill the Whale" single), "Days", Jon Anderson singing a capella, just beautiful, "Countryside", and "Everybody's Song", a demo of what would become "Does It Really Happen" on the "Drama" album. The folks at Rhino did a magnificant job again in this reissue, with great liner notes. "Tormato" is a fine album, if you can get away from the notion that Yes in 1978 was more than creating 10 min. epic songs. I have a soft spot for "Tormato" in the Yes catalogue, and this is the definitive release of it. PS The title of the album is a reference to "Yes Tor", a hill in the England country side near Okehampton, Devon. The album cover is deservedly much maligned, as it has nothing to do with "tomatoes", shame on Hipgnosis which dreamt up the album concept. What were they thinking?     