 When I saw this book at my local library I couldn't resist picking it as I'm a big fan of both Survivor and the Apprentice, and I was hoping for the definitive "behind the scenes" stories of both those shows. I also was interested in Mark Burnett's personal story, as I'm an immigrant myself (from Belgium), coming over around the same time as Burnett.  "Jump In!" starts off, strangely, with Mark's arrival in the US in 1982. He skips the first 22 years of his life entirely, making a casual reference to having been a paratrooper in the British army (and apparently having fought in the Falkland Islands war). The first chapters are the best, as Mark tells how he started of as a nanny (!), then went on to sell T-shirts on Venice Beach (very profitably), and eventually got involved in expedition-racing, first as a participant, later as a producer (the "Eco-Challenge" races). The best insider story on the Survivor series is that Survivor 4: Arabia was all set to be filmed in Jordan when 9/11 happened, and the decision was made (out of safety concerns) to alter location with a mere 8 weeks before the shooting of Survivor 4 was scheduled to start (and no delay was possible as CBS already had sold the advertizing for the show)... wow! While Burnett goes into the details of the logistical nightmares encountered in the Survivor series, don't expect a lot of insights on what happened on the show itself. Boston Rob and Rupert, probably the most important "characters" on the Survivor series, get mentioned once or twice.   The book's release was timed to coincide with the debut of the Contender, which Burnett describes in details on how the show came about, and which he felt confident would be a huge hit. It's now 4 months and we know that the Contender was a miss (and not renewed by NBC for next year). But don't feel bad for Burnett, an Apprentice-like show with Martha Stewart will start in September. Meanwhile, this book is pleasant, and coulda shoulda been the ultimate insider's account of Survivor, but itsn't. Mark, the tribe has spoken!     