 It's taking me a while to get through "The World Is Flat". This is not like some books that you can read in one afternoon or evening, such as Mark Burnett's "Jump In", just to mention another book I read recently. In fact, it's taken me several weeks, reading a chapter here and a subchapter there, and then letting it sink in for a while.   There are some that are not buying into Tom Friedman's basic contention, which is (1) the opportunities/threats for more international competition for global trade and services are real, (2) power has shifted from states (up to 1800) to companies (1800-2000) to individuals at the start of the 21st century, and (3) the higher educational system in the US is not adequately prepared for the "quiet storm". To those that don't believe this, I feel sorry for them, for they are not in touch with the real world! My son is about to enter college in a few months, and I'm worried about the competition he will face coming out of college. I love Tom's story about his advice to his daughters: "Girls, when I was growing up, my parents used to tell me 'Tom, finish your dinner--people in India and China are starving'. My advice to you is: Girls, finish your homework--people in China and India are starving for your jobs!"  Friedman does an excellent job in setting the table on how this all came about, in the so-called 10 forces that flattened the world, including the rise of the Intels and Googles of the world, the outsourcing and offshoring phenoms, etc. I strongly believe that, instead of trying to be protectionist for the sake of hanging on to a few more jobs for a few more years, America instead should find the inspiration to look at what's next to add value in the world economy of today, tomorrow and 20 years from now. Does anyone really believe that imposing quotas on Chinese textile imports will "save" the American textile industry (just to name one industry)? Hardly. At the same time, there are American textile companies thriving today by understanding the new global economic environment they are competing in and then taking advantage of it.   I can't easily recall another book that has made such an impact on me. There is lots to be learned from Friedman's book, even if as you read it, it all sounds so self-evident (as I see it happen all around me). "The World Is Flat" should be required reading in colleges around the country. And this surely will be one of the best books (if not the very best) of 2005 when all is said and done. Highly recommended!     