 Telex, one of the true electronic music pioneers (along with Kraftwerk), comes from my home country Belgium. I still lived in Belgium in Telex's heydays (78-83), and from their very first single ("Twist a St. Tropez", a summer hit in 78), I just fell in love with the sound of the band, and bought every single, maxi-single and album these guys put out. It makes for one heck of a (vinyl) collection now. It took many years, but finally Telex has been served right with a true "best of" compilation. I won't call it "greatest hits" as they really did have only a handful of real "hits", primarily the afore-mentioned "Twist" and their signature song "Moscow Discow". "I Don't Like Remixes/Original Classics 78-86" (21 tracks, 77 min.) brings those hits, most singles that didn't become hits, key album tracks and even a few B-sides (such as "Troppical" and "Pakmovast", both essential instrumentals in Telex's output). As noted elsewhere, a huge omission is "L'Amour Toujours", one of their better singles. Also MIA: "Soul Waves", another good single (unavailable on album or CD until the "Belgium... One Point" box set), "Sigmund Freud's Party", an excellent single that finds Telex at its wittiest, and "Eurovision", the song that took Telex to the 1980 Euro-Vision contest, with hilarious (but real-life) consequences. I wish this "best of" would have been sequenced chronologically, improving the flow of the songs (I'm dazed going from "Moscow Discow" to "Peanuts", for example). There also should have been less emphasis on the latter era-songs: songs like "Beautiful Li(f)E", "Spike Jones" and "Peanuts" simply don't measure up to the earlier era-music. If you really REALLY like Telex, then consider getting the "Belgium... One point" box set, also available on Amazon. It's a fabulous 4 CD set, compiling all 5 Telex studio albums, with numerous B-sides, alternative and unreleased tracks, not to mention hilarious, tongue-in-cheek liner notes by Marc Moulin himself, as well as full lyrics and tons of pictures. Truly the motherlode of all things Telex.     