 I am not much for the many, many political talk shows that shower the TV landscape, but I do admit to being addicted to the weekly "Mclaughlin Group" show on PBS for the last 20 years. Many cast members have come and gone, but Tony Blankley has been a steady presence on there for years now. His views are clearly pro-Republican, pro-Bush, which clashes with some of the other, clearly pro-Democratic, anti-Bush members on the panel. It makes for great TV viewing.  "The West's Last Chance: Will We Win the Clash of Civilizations?" (232 pages) starts with the premise that at this very minute we are at the dawn of yet another "battle to the death" confrontation by Islam on the Christian-based societies of Europe and America. If you can't buy into that basic premise, this book will annoy you to no end. If, however, you buy into the premise, Blankley has a lot of interesting, if not provoking, theories. Thus Blankley says that the concept of the war on terror is deeply flawed, as "we are facing a challenge of immigration, cultural aggression, and a conflict of values, religions, and lifestyles." Blankley goes into detail on how the current Islam thread is akin to the rise of Nazi-fascism in the 30s: "Just as the Nazis reached back to German mythology and the supposed Aryan origins of the German people, the radical Islamists reach back to the founding ideas of their religious culture." Blankley also goes into detail about the many problems posed by the massive Islam immigration into Europe in the last several decades, describing as an example how Malmo, Sweden's population is now 25 percent Islam, and what it has done to the city. In the last part of the book, Blankley offers several potentially controversial ideas on how to win this battle. You'll want to read it for yourself...  This book should be required reading for high school and college students, whether one accepts the basic premise or not. Blankley establishes himself as an astute observer of history. Whether he is right or not, I guess we will find out over time.     