 I was never a particular fan of Mike Schmidt in his playing days, mind you, I did not have negative feelings about him either. He was one of those superstars that went about his way, playing the game extremely well but without being flashy. Schmidt caught my attention in his post-playing days for sticking by Pete Rose (one of the few) and that always gets your attention in Cincinnati. It was primarily based on that reason that I picked up this book, what did Schmidt have to say about Rose, and other 'hot potatoes' in baseball?  "Clearing the Bases" (201 pages) starts off tentatively in the first half, where Schmidt recounts his days growing up a Reds fan in Dayton, OH, and eventually becoming a superstar in Philadelphia. But the second half of the book is where things really take off, and where Schmidt spouts his thoughts on the hot topics in baseball. "Look, if I had played in the 1990s, I would have considered using steroids" (since it wasn't illegal then, but eventually stating that he wouldn't have). He lays the blame also squarely on the Commisioner and the players' union: "Did they ever bother to compare trading card pictures of guys in, say, 1993 with their cards in 1999?"  Schmidt also makes a convincing argument that with the many changing circumstances since his playing days (new hitter-friendly ballparks, changes in the make-up of bats, etc.), he would've averaged 50 homers a year instead of the mid-30s in his playing days. As to Pete Rose, Schmidt clearly is disappointed in both Rose's handling in the matter (not forthcoming, etc.) as well as the Commissioner's (not getting back to Rose after the November, 2002 private confession, 14 months before Rose published his tell-all book).  In all, this is a much better book than I expected.  Schmidt is clearly a man of integrity, full of admiration, and respect, for the game. His disappointment for not having been considered for the manager's position for the Phillies in late 2004 is one I share. Baseball needs more guys like Schmidt.     