 The "Greatest Hits 1970-2002" compilation wasn't as complete as one could've expected it to be. For a few (ok, more than a few) extra dollars, there is instead the excellent 1990 box collection "To Be Continued" (4 CDs, 68 tracks, 303 min.).    The advantages of this collection are many: (1) Since this stops at 1990, the compilers didn't have to worry about including anything post-1990. If your idea of the perfect Elton John song is "Can You Feel the Love Tonight" or "Something About the Way You Look Tonight", this is not the set for you. (2) There is a vast array of excellent tracks, starting the 1965 "Come Back Baby" performed by BLuesology, Elton's first band. The pre-fame tracks such as "Rock and Roll Madonna" and the demo of "Your Song" are excellent. (3) The "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road" album sessions deliver an astonishing nine tracks on CD2: 6 album tracks and 3 B-sides for singles from the album. It accentuates how important that album is and how great the music is that Elton and Bernie created then. (4) This set includes the 1980 duet "Donner pour Donner" with France Galle. Galle is a pretty big star in France, and scored a big hit with an ode to Elton called "Il Jouait du Piano Debout" (He Played the Piano Standing Up). Elton heard it, liked it, and next thing we know, they record "Donner pour Donner", a delightful track which became a major hit in Europe. It's the biggest surprise on this set for me.   There are a couple of minor quibbs about this set as well: (1) the strange inclusion of "Cartier", the 47 sec. snippet song and B-side to "Sartorial Eloquence" (which itself is not included), (2) the omission of the original "Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me (it is included here in the 1987 live version with the Melbourne Symphony), (3) only 1 track from "Captain Fantastic", arguably Elton's best album, and (4) the unnecessary inclusion of 4 new songs at the end, none of which are very intruiging. But in the scheme of things, those are really details. This is an incredible set, far superior to the "1970-2002" compilation, albeit more expensive. But oh so worth it!     