 Coldplay conquered their UK home territory when "Parachutes" was released there in July 2000. The album "officially" arrived in the US in November, and is finally making some headway due to the exposure of the hard-rocking singalong track "Yellow". Coldplay's "Paracchutes" is the logical extension of Travis' "The Man Who" of a year ago, and is equally compelling, mixing hard to resist melodies (at times rocking hard, at times very intimate) with touching lyrics about love, regret, hope, life. "Don't Panic" is a stunning album opener, with the immortal line, and pseudo-motto for the band, "We Live in a Beautiful World". (An earlier version of this song can be found on the "Blue Room EP, without that guitar riff during the "Beautiful World" chorus.) "Shiver", in the UK the first single from the album, starts off with a great riff and then showcases an interplay between vocals and guitar. One of the "harder" songs on the album. "Spies" starts off with the electric guitar whaling away, to give room to the quiet vocals of Chris Martin, with the rest of the ban then joining in. One of the better songs on the album. (It also is the opening song on their current US tour: with the stage still dark, opening music of Ennio Morricone, yes he of the "spagetti westerns", eventually giving way to the band coming on stage and starting "Spies". If you have a chance to catch them live, don't hesitate! Go! Run!) "Sparks" is a quiet song, with Chris leading on accoustic guitar and leading to a haunting chorus. It reminded me of Fiona Apple's most "desparate quiet" songs. "Yellow" is the track that put the band on the US map, and while of course not bad, I find it to be one of the less compelling songs on the album. But a good "singalong" rocker, for sure. "Trouble" is another piano-led, softer song. Then comes the title track "Parachutes", lasting all of 41 seconds, with Chris on accoustic guitar. After that, the album loses direction for a while, till we get to the closing track "Everything's Not Lost", which is a fitting finale as it nearly sums up what Coldplay is all about: strong melody, touching lyrics, emotions all around. "Parachutes" is the best album of the year, so far... I know it is technically a Year 2000 album, but oh well... (Incidentally, the album's music samples which you can click on at the top of the page, are pretty good and representative of the album.)     