 This DVD of Lohengrin from Vienna in 1990 gives us a fine rendition of the opera, highlighted by several outstanding performances -- mainly that of the conductor and the tenor. Abbado's Vienna State Opera orchestra plays beautifully for him, showing off the string and brass sound that Solti's Ring made famous so many years ago.  The tradition is still going strong. Though Abbado does not summon the seamless, silky sound of the Berlin Philharmonic under Von Karajan in his EMI recording, and occasionally a chorus voice sticks out, what you are hearing is a live performance and such flaws and lack of balance are to be expected.       Mr. Domingo, on the other hand, gives a fully committed and vocally sumptuous performance in a role we are not used to hearing him sing.  What a treat to hear almost no vocal strain, and no "Bayreuth Bark"  -- a common pitfall, especially as the opera approaches the end of the evening.  Cheryl Studer sings musically, if rather cooly -- which results in the beautiful ending of her duet with Vejzovic (as Ortrud) going for practically nothing.  Emotionally the two women don't seem to "go for broke" as Marton and Rysanek would do.  Vejzovic's best moments are at the end of the opera during her final ravings where many and Ortrud has come to grief.  She is interesting to watch and her eyes in particular are riveting. Robert Lloyd is authoritative if somewhat woolly as King Henry. However, Hartmut Welker sings rather than snarls Telramund, earning him one of the largest ovations of the night.  The sets by Rudolph and Reinhard Heinrich are traditional (for that we should be thankful) but not atmospheric or magical. The procession to the cathedral in Act II  moves in stops and starts and Ortrud's interruption comes almost expectedly and not as a great suprise. Still, I highly recommend this video for your DVD collection.  The MET LOHENGRIN, due for release within the next few months, has more to recommend it with regards  to it's female leads: the previously mentioned Marton and Rysanek.  However, Domingo is far superior to Peter Hofmann and his performance is a musthave for the great beauty of singing he brings to this role.  The opera is spread over two discs: Acts I and II on the first and Act III on the third.  Sound and video quality are superb, with 5.1 Surround or 2-channel stereo as your audio options.  Thank you, Image Entertainment; keep releases like this coming!!     