 Buyer beware when purchasing this video.  This performance was probably not an Italian Telecast, but a "house tape" with very few close-ups, only two or three cameras, and the results are an incredibly dark and murky picture.  Consider the fact that most of this opera takes place at night, in dark streets and alleyways, and I think you can figure out, this video is only for the most dedicated opera collector.  Certain scenes, the first one and the beginning of the third act after Gilda's abduction, are more brilliantly lighted -- so much more can be made out on the small screen.  The performance is from Parma and you will get a sense of occasion because the audience is quite demonstrative and in many places brings the performance to a complete hault with its enthusiastic screaming and yelling. The audience demands and ALMOST gets an encore of Kraus's "La donna e immobile".       The performance, on the other hand, is quite another matter. The three "names" in this video give truly brilliant and moving performances.  Anyone who saw Kraus in his rather lengthy prime will want this performance just as an audio memento.  Brilliance, style, taste and ease are all part of this artist's pallet.  Leo Nucci sings and acts the living daylights out of almost every moment he is on stage.  Occasional sharpness betrays the fact that this is a live and therefore imperfect performance -- but  just listen to his ringing A-flat at the end of the Vendetta duet with Gilda (her E-flat just before it is one of the most lengthy and brilliantly sustained this listener has ever heard)...and you will begin to appreciate the power this genuine Verdi baritone brings to this role.  Luciana Serra, an amazing Queen of the Night in Magic Flute shows that singing Mozart is not her only strength.  Gilda suits her in that she has plenty of floaty and easy notes "in alt" with enough power and "cut" in the voice to carry over a powerful Verdi orchestra when she has to.    The production (that which you can make out) is traditional and the courtiers costumes in the party scenes are quite ornate and colorful.  Angelo Campori's conducting is somewhat routine, but neither is he intrusive or willful and the singers are almost always in sinc with the orchestra.  This performance from February, 1987 will not be pleasing to everyone's eye, but it will surely please and stun your ear.  If you insist on state of the art DVD technology, put this DVD back in the bin.  But if you love great singing and want to attend an "event", this is  the Rigoletto for you.     