 You know when you walk down the street and somebody says hello to you? It makes you feel good inside. A simple gesture of courtesy to our fellow human beings can completely change the pace of our day. We often feel alone and abused because everyone is so competitive, out for themselves. They will stop at nothing to get what they want, and that includes using vice.  Now relax for a second, take a deep breath, and think of how that hello made you feel. That act of courtesy is a virtue, and there are 47 more of them suppressed inside us. Unfortunately the popularity of media as a tool in modern society often distorts our views on the world. For example, movies and television attempt to glorify vices and all that is evil, and has skillfully downplayed virtues as boring and irrelevent in a modern society. Enter "The Many Faces of Virtue" by philosopher Donald Demarco which integrates theology, modern day examples, and the importance of virtue into an easily accessible book that does not require a doctorate degree to understand. This is a uniquely crafted book on virtues to which we should practice everyday for fullfillment in life. The book is divided into four sections: The personal virtues, interpersonal virtues, social virtues, and sacred virtues.  The book makes a lot of references to religion to demonstrate the importance and positivity of virtue over vice. I am not by any means a religious person, I have never attended church. From this point of view than, I am qualified to state that religious or not...this book has plenty of persuasion into leading a virtuous life through inspirational and real stories. There are 48 virtues presented. The first section is personal virtues (including patience, determination, integrity, innocence) which establish a sense of self.  For example, Dr. Demarco emphasizes determination with riveting and moving stories of heroes such as runner Wilma Rudolph who had loss use of her leg, and through determination she ended up meeting with great success in the Olympic games.  Demarco stresses the truth that the best stories are the ones where people overcame hardships through determination, and offer hope to the rest of us.   This is the consistent trend in "The Many Faces of Virtues" as evident with the stark observation made by Demarco regarding machines and humans. One particular day his card would not work in a gas pump, and he was told to treat the machine delicate by a gas clerk in the store. He then saw a Jerry Springer tape, which depicts people doing awful harm to one another (as found in the interpersonal virtue of courtesy).  The everyday examples are what give the book such integrity because they are adaptible to the masses. Each virtue is brief and to the point following a logical sequence.  The misconceptions of virtues are cleared up in this book. Upon reading it, there will be no doubt that a virtuous life is far more beneficial and fulfilling to yourself and others. Religious or not, this book should not be overlooked.     