 Basil Poledouris' score to Conan the Barbarian is one of the great powerhouses of film music and remains as one of my favorite film scores to this date.  The score is a perfect blend of melodic beauty and raw power with a huge orchestral sound and lots of wonderful choral passages that range from haunting and slow to in-your-face and over-the-top.  I could go on forever on this score, but suffice it to say that I really can't think of a more perfect score than this.  As for the CD's sound quality...  The sound quality is definitely dated and isn't quite as crisp and clean as one would hope.  However, what it lacks in sound quality, it more than makes up for in musical quality.  I've purchased a number of albums containing re-recordings of Conan music and while the sound quality has been better, NOTHING has matched the emotion and power of the original film soundtrack.  Differences between the editions...  This 12-track Milan edition was released first, followed later by an expanded 16-track edition by Varese Sarabande.  The Milan CD runs around 49 minutes, while the Varese edition runs about 67 minutes.  The Varese edition includes pretty much all the same music as the Milan release, with one exception: The first track of the Milan edition opens up with Mako's opening prologue speech which then immediately segues into the "Anvil of Crom" opening.  The Varese track opens up directly with "Anvil of Crom".  The Varese edition adds the following four tracks: - Mountain of Power Procession (3:21) - The Tree of Woe (3:31) - Recovery (2:11) - Death of Rexor (5:34)  and expands the following two tracks: - The Leaving/The Search (5:59) - The Kitchen/The Orgy (6:30)  Compared to the original Milan tracks: - The Search (3:09) - The Orgy (4:14)  All in all, the Milan edition is missing about 19 minutes worth of music.  In my opinion, the Varese edition is definitely worth seeking out, but even if you decide to get the 12-track Milan edition, the music is worth getting in whatever form you can.  For any fan of film music and for any fan of the film, this score is definitely a must have!  However, if you're an audiophile, you may want to think twice.     