 I've been playing with the Forge for the past 1-2 months now and overall I'm fairly content, although it could be better.  I've also had a chance, recently, to try out the Sandisk player for a bit, so I'll throw in a few comparisons for now, until I get the chance to write a full review on that one.  Main things I was looking for: - USB 2.0 for fast transfers... don't settle for USB 1.1 devices at this stage.  Even if your current computer does not support USB 2.0, you might want to download some music at a friend's comp that does... and your next computer will certainly support it. - USB Mass Storage Device any USB-enabled computer will read the Forge's memory as just another drive, when connected.  No special software is required to transfer your files, although you can always use your favorite music software to transfer your music. - Flash-based My main purpose for this MP3 player is for the gym and snowboarding, so I didn't feel like risking any impact-damage to a microdrive-based player.  Flash-based media has no moving parts and makes it ideal for any sort of activity.  You can get various opinions on this topic, but this is mine.  :) - FM tuner it's always nice to have an alternative to your own music, from time to time.  Also, some gyms broadcast TV audio on a short-range FM signal, so it's handy for those situations.  Why Apple never added an FM tuner to their iPods, I'll never know.  So on to the Forge...  First off, everything people have been saying about the FM tuner is true.  It's horrible.  I can pick up one station pretty clearly... sometimes... maybe... but that's about it.  Static galore.  If an FM tuner is important to you, don't even bother with the Rio Forge.  However, loading and playing music couldn't be simpler.  I was up and running in a matter of minutes.  You can load the player by simply dragging and dropping files onto Rio or via Windows Media Player, the included Rio software, or your favorite music program.  Playing your music is just as easy.  The easy on-screen interface is intuitive, simple, and loaded with features.  The player indexes all your tracks by Album, Artist, Genre, Track title, Year, and when you added it (to play newly added music), so it makes accessing your music a breeze.  You can use any program to create your own playlists as M3U files and drop them onto the filesystem.  You cannot create playlists on the player itself.  My one pet peeve about the playback system is that when you select "Play All", it typically plays all tracks in alphabetical order, based on the track title tag.  If you play back an album, however, it does play the tracks in order, although I'm not sure if this is due to the filename convention or the track number tag info. For the most part, however, I turn on shuffle so it doesn't affect me too much.  Physically, the display is nice and large and is beautifully backlit by white light behind black LCD text, making the text very easy to read, compared to some other players with colored LCD backgrounds.  The plastic bubble covering the LCD, however, is another story.  Due to it's form, it pretty much picks up reflections from all angles, somewhat negating the nice readability of the white backlight.  Perhaps it seemed like a really pretty idea when they designed it, but it really should have been flat to reduce reflections.  Another gripe is the mini-USB jack cover.  It's basically a little rubbery plug which has to be completely separated from the player in order to insert the USB plug.  I know that someday I will lose this little piece and I will curse the day.  I have a similar gripe about the battery cover, which also completely separates from the case.  Wearability-wise, the Rio compes packaged with a little plastic clip that wraps around the player, which then in turn can clip onto the included elastic armband.  I think they called the plastic clip a "beltclip", but if they did, it is a total misnomer, because the metal clip portion won't clip onto most belts.  Although the clip could be stretched a tad bit, I usually end up just clipping it to a pocket or a beltloop.  But it certainly won't clip around a leather belt, for example.  In terms of durability, the player feels a bit fragile.  Overall, it feels like there is a lot of hollow space within the casing, making me wonder if it will crack into pieces if I ever drop it.  The black rubber in the design is more decorational than anything.  Don't let it fool you into thinking that's it's any more shock resistant because of the black rubber areas.  Sound quality is pretty good.  I'm not terribly impressed by it, but I'm not disappointed either.  The included earbuds are actually also quite nice as well.  They are rubber wraparounds which keep them firmly stuck to my ears regardless of any sort of movement and sound pretty good.  But then again, you shouldn't be buying any sort of player based on the headphones anyways, so if you don't like them, just get your own pair and be happy.  Battery-life is decent.  Obviously this depends largely on how you use your player.  I use it on the average of 1-3 hours a day and a single AAA battery usually lasts me a little under a week. Some tips: 1)  turn backlighting off or set to the minimum setting 2sec 2)  power save to 1min (the shortest setting) 3)  when not in use and it's powered off, slide on the lock, so it doesn't get turned on by accident  Memory-wise, 128MB certainly is not enough for anything, in my opinion.  I immediately went out and bought a 1GB SD card.  Expandability wasn't much of factor foe me, because I was looking around the 1GB capacity range anyways.  The only reason I picked the 128MB Rio is because it was cheaper and I knew I'd be buying a 1GB card along with it.  With 1GB+128MB onboard, my player currently holds around 230 MP3s encoded at 128kbps.  However, it is this expandability that makes this player an excellent gift idea.  Assuming you're on a budget, you can get them a fairly well featured (and popular) MP3 player for an affordable price and still leave the recipient room to expand the player's memory on their own, somewhere down the road.  My quick wrap-up of the Rio Forge: PROS: - ease of use, intuitive on-screen interface with lots of features - large display with white backlighting make for easy reading - good sound quality - player reads and indexes tag information - USB 2.0 - decent speeds.. not the fastest, but still better than USB 1.1 - USB Mass Storage Device - use your player as a storage device and transport any kind of file you want to  CONS: - crappy FM Tuner - USB jack cover is easily lost  now for my mini-comparison with the Sandisk 1GB MP3 player... Physically, the Sandisk does a lot more right than the Rio.  Its USB jack is concealed by a rubber cover which still will remain attached on one edge, so chances of losing it are lower.  The same goes for the battery compartment cover, which slides over and then hangs on a hinge.  The player's cigarette-lighter shape fits into a transparent latex sleeve, which adds a little padding and protection to the player.  As a whole, it feels more solid than the Rio.  And although I won't be putting it to the test any time soon (on purpose), it feels like it could handle a drop much better than the Rio.  FM Tuner on the Sandisk is excellent.  Then again, anything is better than Rio's tuner, including my aging alarm clock/radio.  But the Sandisk really picks up stations quite well and quite clearly.  After the Rio, I was beginning to think that most small players would have problems with their FM tuners, but the Sandisk proved me wrong.  The Sandisk also seemed to transfer files faster than my Rio, although I need to do some more accurate benchmarks.  So I bet you're thinking now... well, the Sandisk sounds perfect!  Well... some things that I didn't much like about the Sandisk: 1)  blue backlit LCD     I really like the white backlighting of the Rio.  Maybe I'm just getting old, but I find myself squinting at the Sandisk.  The display on the Rio is much easier to read due to the backlight, the screen size, as well as the overall layout 2)  clunky interface     while definitely still usable, the interface is nowhere near as slick as the Rio.  Navigation is strictly by folders and not by tag info and menus are incredibly confusing to navigate when you first start using it, although you get used to it eventually.  If you're getting a player for someone else, consider the type of person that you're buying for.  But I'll save my full Sandisk review for another day after I've had more time to play with it.  Overall, I like the Rio as a good middle-of-the-road MP3 player, as long as you ignore the FM tuner.  Its main strength is great user interface and ease of use and is perfect for beginners and people who don't like to read manuals.  Design-wise, I think there is still some room left for improvement, but for the most part, I'm happy with it.     