 I mainly got this adapter to allow me to hook up my Tivo to my network without running cables between rooms and without having to put any 802.11b devices on my G-only network.  Since Tivo does not directly support any 802.11g adapters, natively, I had to use this (rather pricy) workaround solution.  My Tivo is connected to a Linksys USB200M USB network adapter which is connected (via cable) to the Linksys WGA54G, which in turn connects to my Linksys WRT54G wireless-G router.  I was debating between the Linksys WET54G and this one, and finally decided on this one because it was slightly less expensive.  In this setup, the Tivo will think it's on a standard wired setup, but the adapter will bridge it to your wireless network.   Now, on to the adapter...  Setting up the WGA54G has to be one of my most miserable experiences with Linksys I've ever had and seriously made me reconsider the faith I have put in them in the past.  It took me nearly 2 hours of cursing until I finally got it working on my network properly.  Most of the time was spent watching the blinking lights for an appropriate response to my network and wondering if I had a defective unit.  My biggest pieces of advice if you are performing the setup is:  1)  WAIT BETWEEN SETUP CHANGES!!! Every time you make a change and hit submit via the web interface, the unit POWER-CYCLES and takes almost half a minute to come back up.  Before I figured this out, I would apply a change via the web interface and then wonder why the webpage would not come back up again.  2)  Wireless-G indicator light will NOT be steadily lit!!! As someone else here has pointed out, the user documentation claims the "Wireless-G" light (bottom indicator light) will be "steadily lit".  THIS IS COMPLETELY FALSE!  It only blinks when there is traffic going across the adapter but will remain UNLIT OTHERWISE.  For a while, I thought my adapter was broken because this light wasn't lit.  However, aside from the power-cycles, I had numerous other problems during setup.  Signal strength should not have been a factor for me during setup, because the router and the adapter were right next to each other.  General issues I had during the setup process: - PC could no longer detect the adapter - Adapter would intermittently see my wireless network, but be unable to connect to it, even with all encryption turned off - When attempting to enable WEP encryption, the adapter would suddenly no longer find my network  I've found that disabling WEP on the adapter and setting it to Mixed Mode would let me get onto the network quicker, although I wouldn't recommend it.  The adapter WILL work with WEP and I eventually did get it to work, but the reason for it finally working is a random mystery to me.  I wish I had some better steps for others, but I don't.  Among my many resets and power-cycles while trying to configure, the adapter would intermittently manage to detect my network with WEP enabled.  At this point, I would unplug the adapter, connect it to my Tivo, test it out, and it worked during one of these attempts.  Why it worked some times and not others, I have on clue.  PROS: 1)  Eventually worked as described and allowed me to bridge my Tivo onto a 802.11g network in G-mode using WEP encryption.  Had no problems once it found my network.  CONS: 1) PAINFUL painful setup    Dig out some 4-leafed clovers and your lucky rabbit foot for some extra luck 2) no WPA 3) unit runs HOT!    This thing gets really hot after only a small period of use, so keep that in mind.  Overall, I'm content with the final outcome and haven't had any issues with it, once it started to work.  However, I am extremely disappointed in the trouble I had to go through to get it working and the fact that I still don't know what caused all those problems during the setup process.     