 I don't like posting negative reviews, but NAV 2006 was a complete waste of time and money for me so hopefully I can save someone else this annoyance.  My last anti-virus was Norton Antivirus 2002 and I've been happily using it for years.  When I installed my new system recently, I decided to pick up the newer Norton-Antivirus 2006 and have regretted it ever since.  Problems: 1)  "Total files scanned - zero" For some reason, when I ran a scan, Norton would scan some files but not others.  If I performed manual scans of particular files, Norton would appear to start up but then suddenly post a results page only seconds later, stating that zero files were scanned and that no infections were found.  Clearly this was not going to work for me.  But I figure this couldn't be happening to everyone so I thought I'd contact support.  Well...  2)  Terrible terrible support Before contacting them, I scoured the Symantec support pages trying to see if there might be a solution.  The two solutions I found were: a)  (re)install Windows Script Engine 5.6 ...which I did... downloaded it from Microsoft's site and installed... and... no dice... problem still there... so I tried the next "solution"... b)  "uninstall"/reinstall Internet Explorer Symantec pointed to a Microsoft Knowledgebase article which gave steps to do this, even though you cannot actually "uninstall" IE.  But nevertheless, I jumped through a few more hoops trying to get NAV 2006 to work... and again... with no success.  I then spent another miserable two hours with their offshore support people on the support chat trying to get some answers and their final expert advice was to run a full system scan in safe-mode... which I subsequently tried... and which... yet again... solved nothing.  Symantec has a bad reputation for not uninstalling cleanly and I now have had the unfortunate pleasure to confirm this for myself.  After attempting to uninstall NAV 2006, I decided to go back to NAV 2002.  However, during the NAV 2002 registration wizard, Norton would repeatedly crash, in effect preventing me from activating the product.  Since I'm not really in the mood at the moment to re-install my system just for this one program, I'm trying out Kaspersky's Anti-Virus for now.  Obviously, there must be some people out there who are having no issues with their NAV 2006, but based on my recent experience, I will not be purchasing any future Symantec products, which is a shame, because I had no problems with NAV 2002.     