 I've owned an 80hr Series2 Tivo for years and just picked up the DRT800 shortly after it got released this past fall.  I've never heard of Humax prior to owning this unit, but so far I've been quite happy with it.  Overall, when considering this unit, I think it depends on what you're looking for primarily:  a Tivo or a DVD-recorder.  If you're primarily looking for a Tivo and would like the "added bonus" and convenience of a built-in DVD-recorder, the DRT800 is fantastic!  It's everything everyone loves about Tivo, plus it makes it easy and convenient to dump your programs to DVD.  However, if your first priority is getting a DVD-recorder, and Tivo features are secondary, you might want to look at some stand-alone DVD-recorders.  Or at the very least, weigh your decision a bit more carefully.  The DRT800 (and the same probably goes for any Tivo with an integrated DVD-recorder) lacks some basic editing features for your programs, which might make a stand-alone a more suitable option for you.  Differences from a Series2 Tivo: - external display The DRT800 features an external display.  When playing a DVD, it displays the typical chapter and time information.  When burning a DVD, it displays the percentage completed.  Otherwise, it displays a clock.  You can choose to make the display, dim, bright, or just turn it off.  - DVD control buttons Below the display are chapter skip, stop, play, etc buttons found on typical stand-alone DVD Players.  These only control the DVD functions and do not control the Tivo software.  Which brings me to the next cool addition...  - front-mounted joystick This is probably one of the neatest additions!  Although, granted, I don't use this a whole lot, it's always irked me that normal Tivos don't have any buttons of any sort on the actual unit.  This basically means that your ability to control the Tivo is entirely dependent on the remote control.  But woe be the day that you misplace it, lose it, or break it (although you can always order a new one).  The joystick is the equivalent of the directional control on the Tivo remote, and pressing the joystick inward acts as the Select button, giving you full control of the Tivo from the units front panel.  - Composite Video Outputs & SPDIF Digital Audio Output My previous Series2 Tivo didn't come with these and I don't know if regular Tivos come with them now, but these are clearly a must for any DVD Player.  If your TV and/or receiver doesn't support these, you still have the standard A/V outputs at your disposal.  - A/V, S-Video, & Firewire inputs Hidden behind a drop-down panel are a set of front-mounted A/V, S-Video, and Firewire inputs with a second set of A/V & S-Video inputs located on the rear panel.  These allow you to record from external devices (such as a Camcorder or VCR) onto your Tivo, which can then be burnt to DVD.  This makes it perfect for digitizing old tapes and home movies or any other type of unprotected media.  The Tivo allows you to assign a Title to the incoming recording.  However, you cannot add a program description, which would have been nice.  - DVD functions This is probably the section you have the most questions on.  DVD interface: A new "DVD" menu item now appears underneath the "Watch Live TV" option in the main menu.  The on-screen display of this menu item changes, depending on what (if any) media is inserted into the disc tray.  When you insert any disc into the tray, it is immediately scanned by the Tivo and the display is changed to DVD, DVD-R, DVD-RW, VCD, Audio CD or whatever appropriate format.  Within the DVD menu selection, you will find appropriate play/record options.  Playing Disc Media: The DRT800 supports DVD, VCD, CD, Photo CD, and MP3 CD.  So far, I've played DVDs, VCDs, and standard redbook audio CDs with no issues.  I haven't had the chance to try out any other formats yet.  Playing DVDs and VCDs will look and feel exactly like watching any Tivo recorded program, with all the same playback features.  My only main issue I have with playing Audio CDs is that, even if your Tivo is hooked up to your broadband connection, there is no attempt made to do a CDDB lookup to get track and artist information for the CD you're playing.  Therefore, when you play an Audio CD, each the tracks will appear as "Track1", "Track2", etc and no information for artist or album title.  This is a rather big disappointment.  Recording to DVD: The only type of recordable media the DRT800 supports is DVD-R and DVD-RW.  A "Save to DVD or VCR" option conveniently appears in the information view of every recorded program on your Tivo, but you can also access recording features via the DVD option in the main menu.  Prior to burning the DVD, you can select and order your programs and also add a title for your DVD.  When you finally burn your DVD, the software will add a menu interface which looks almost identical to the regular Tivo interface.  Burn speed is pretty slow at 1x, but the upside is that while it's writing your DVD, you can continue using your Tivo for watching other pre-recorded programs.  However, you cannot watch the program that is currently being recorded.  DVD capacity depends on the recording quality used for the original Tivo recording: 1 hr - Best Quality 2 hr - High Quality 4 hr - Medium Quality 6 hr - Basic Quality  This is basically the territory where you might not be too happy if you're looking for a good DVD recorder.  Negatives: - No program editing! You can only burn the Tivo programs AS-IS.  That means that you can't edit out commercials or any unwanted footage.  - No resampling or re-encoding of program quality I pretty much record everything at "High Quality".  What that means, however, is that if I record a program on my Tivo that happens to be 2.5 hours, I would not be able to burn it onto DVD, because at that quality setting, the max capacity is 2 hours.  It would be nice if the option were available to downsample a program to make it fit onto a DVD, albeit at a lower quality.  Coupled with the inability to edit out unwanted footage like commercials (which might have made a 2.5hr program fit into 2hrs), this severely limits the DVD burning feature.  and for people with Home Media Option: - Can't burn programs recorded on another Tivo Home Media Option (available at an additional cost) allows you to transfer programs from one Tivo to another.  However, the DRT800 cannot burn programs created on another Tivo.  This is apparently an encoding issue.  Other than that, the Tivo offers pretty much the same great features as all other Series2 Tivos.  The peanut-shaped remote control layout is identical, but some of the buttons have been repurposed for DVD-related functions.  If you connect your Tivo to your home network, you can look at pictures on your PC or stream MP3s from your PC.  Problem-wise, I did have one crash during the first week.  While burning a DVD, the unit froze up and I had to unplug its power to start it back up again.  But I haven't had any other problems during the months after.  If you do get this (or any other Tivo) and you have a broadband internet connection at home, I highly suggest getting a USB network adapter for your Tivo.  I use a Linksys USB200M.  Tivos are pretty finicky about which adapters they work with so make sure you check the tivo site if you decide to get a different brand.  By default, Tivo uses a dial-up modem connection, but if you have a broadband connection, you may as well take advantage of it.  As a basic roundup:  PROS: 1) It's a Tivo!    Everyone says it and everyone's right:  You gotta get a Tivo.      Once you get it, you'll never be able to live without it.  :) 2) Convenient DVD-burning/playing 3) Easy recording from external sources    Easily record home movies onto your Tivo or DVD 4) Front-mounted control  CONS: 1) Hard Drive is LOUD!    This is definitely my biggest shocker.  I don't know if it's just my unit, but this thing grinds like no other.  My other Series2 was never this loud. 2) Limited DVD-recording features    I'm gonna guess it's by design, but the DRT800's greatest feature (DVD recording) is also its greatest weakness.  The inability to edit out commercials (or at the very least resample your programs to make them fit onto disc) probably will ward off a lot of potential buyers. 3) Only comes in 80hr version You can never have enough space and I wish this unit came with a bigger drive option.   Basically, it comes down to my earlier comment regarding what your first priority is.  The DRT800's DVD-recording features aren't the greatest by far, but it's the a great extension to the already-awesome features of Tivo.  Personally, the DRT800 suits my needs perfectly.  I don't record a lot of DVDs, but when I do, I appreciate the convenience.  If the unit had a multi-disc changer, I would let it replace my current DVD player at the drop of a hat.  Overall, I'm completely satisfied and don't regret buying it for a second.     