 My primary purpose for getting this headset was for gaming.  When I originally bought this pair about a year ago, I paid almost twice as much at Best Buy, which is completely ludicrous for the kind of product this turned out to be.  For around $20, it might be an okay value, but I would recommend you look around some more, in case you feel like settling on this.  So here's what I thought about the AHS-502...  SOUND: I got suckered in by the neat look and packaging of the AHS-502, but don't let its sleek silver appearance or the fact they're calling themselves a "Studio Headset" get your hopes up too much.  The sound, overall, is pretty mediocre.  Nothing terribly bad, but pretty lackluster.  They're adequate for gaming and not so great for music.  MIC: The microphone tends to pick up a fair amount of ambient noise, so watch out where your fans are pointed.  CONSTRUCTION: The headphones are actually quite sturdy.  The same goes for the microphone boom.  I've moved the boom thousands of times and it's still attached to my headset with no sign of wear.  I've trashed my fair share of headphones, and this one has stayed in one piece.  HOWEVER.... the wires are another matter.  The only place I used this pair of headphones was strictly for PC gaming, so it pretty much stayed in one place all the time.  Given that, the wear on the wires shouldn't have been that extreme, but within about half a year I started having problems with the microphone.  It seems that part of the cord near the little volume control pod seems to have broken or lost contact so it wasn't passing my mic signal through.  I would have to fidget with the wire in order to get my mic working again.  Eventually, my microphone boom became a useless prop.  COMFORT: Overall, these weren't too comfortable.  They would be okay for short periods of time, but they're definitely not meant to be worn for extended periods of time.  I was typically ready for a break after about an hour.  Given the lackluster sound, they should have gone for a lighter physical design.  And since my primary purpose was for gaming, the lack of comfort was pretty disappointing.  FEATURES: The cord has an attached control pod which includes a volume wheel and a 3-position switch for the microphone input volume (low, high, off).   PROS: 1) sturdy headset & microphone boom 2) decent value for around $20, but no more than that  CONS: 1) flimsy wires killed my mic 2) mediocre sound 3) fair amount of ambient noise via the mic 4) uncomfortable within short period of time  If the microphone didn't crap out on me, I might have been a bit more forgiving, but that was my final straw with an already mediocre, over-priced headset.  Maybe you'll have better luck with your cord, and the price here at Amazon is definitely better than the price I paid for it, but I would definitely recommend looking around further.  Personally, I just picked up a pair of Sennheiser PC150s to see what all the fuss is about and I'm fairly happy with them so far.  I'll probably post a full review on them in a bit, once I've had more time to evaluate them.     