 Be prepared: Start out at night or early A.M.. (It's a kick to play after Midnight) Turn out all the lights. Spread out your favorite comfortable blanket or pillow on the floor (yes the floor). Take your late night goodies with you; you've got your soda and your snacks right beside you. Shut the ringer of your phone off (just incase your best friend tries to call you at a crucial moment), shut the door, and if you are really daring and really brave...plug in the headphones into your speaker jack. Then be prepared for a spooky and scary game. Oh yeah!!-And don't forget to lock the pets safety away. A brush of a tail here or a sudden bark there and you might end up taking flight while playing this game, especially in the dark, in the night, when ghosts can haunt you. Junsei Takamine and his research team have an interest in a big scary mansion in Japan where dozens of years ago a family was slaughtered and people have disappeared and there are rumors about secret CULT rituals. Takamine wants to write a new book on this Himura Mansion and unlock some of the secrets of the old run-down mansion in which no one has lived in in many years. The locals do try to urge him away but he is persistent, and soon he and his whole research team go missing. Mafuyu is an avid reader and idol of Junsei Takamine's and becomes disturbed when his idol goes missing. He tracks Takamine and his group to Himura Mansion; his trusty and special camera from his mother by his side. As you begin to explore the interior of the Mansion you know something is wrong. The grainy black and white picture that you are playing in seems to shriek terror. The dust never seems to settle and the darkness forever looms in front of you. You never "see" it coming. Miku is Mafuyu's sister and has a unique gift of her own. She can see ghosts and some pictures of the past in her mind. Her sixth sense is what has brought her to the Mansion to try to save her brother from what she believes is a horrible fate. As you play Miku you are able to see a colored version of the Mansion but are no more armed now than Mafuyu was at the beginning of the game. Wait...was that a creak on the stair? There...was that a shadow over there? What is that sound? Did that thing move? Here, there, RIGHT BEHIND YOU. (sorry heh heh couldn't help it) Gamer fans will not be disappointed with this game, though at times aiming the camera and trying not to snap a zillion pictures at the bad guys (thereby wasting your limited film supply) is very hard to do.  Play this game. Own this game. Oh and...you may not want to PLAY ALONE IN THE DARK. Bring a friend-then you can share the headset. Heh heh heh... (The game is based on a true story and as far as I can tell the extent of the truth goes as far as a team of researchers disappearing and never returning from the Mansion). This has some definite disturbing images within it and I would recommend renting this game before purchasing to make sure that it is suited for children.     