 This is my explanation concerning "Hannibal". I totally dislike stories that are not plausible. Make no sense. Are just put together to justify another means.  Lecter came back to America to "help" Starling out with her dilemma regarding her suspension. Like he could really do anything. It makes more sense for him to have returned because of his "love" for her. Which he is. Now the infamous "dinner scene" was just an insult to my intelligence. First off, he "fixes" up Clarice and her bullet wound. Fine. Gave the appropriate drugs to help her pain and healing. She wakes up and finds, very nice and neat, on the desk all her stuff. Cuffs, money...etc. Too convienent. Lecter disconnects the phone because he knew Clarice's nature would be to try to call the police. Why did he not just rip the phone off the wall to ensure no outside intruders? He just disconnected it where a child could put it together very easily. Clarice make the call to the cops and that limits Lecter from having "quality" time with her, which he has been aching to have. Remember, he does love her in his own sick way. He literally has only minutes to be with her before he has to escape. WHY? He is so smart and in love with her. He would never let that happen where she would call for help. He wants to eat the guy's brain and talk with Clarice. If he is to convince her to love him, without the use of drugs, he needs TIME...period. Time he did not allow himself to have. Now the cops are on their way. Time is short. He traps her with her hair and the fridge and ask if she could ever love him. The OBVIOUS answer is NO, NO, NO. Why would she? Dumb on Lecter's part. Makes no sense. He needed time and or drugs to get his way with Clarice. So he can hear the answer he longs for. If "no" is the obvious answer, maybe he never should of come to America, but I will talk about that in detail a little later in this writing. Let me go back a little now.  In "The Silence of the Lambs", the thing that I liked a lot about Jodie Foster's performance is that she was respectful of Lecter but, immensely afraid of him. Even between 6 to 10 inches of glass or steel bars separating them. She feared Lecter, which made me fear Lecter. Watch the movie again and see what I mean. Total fear yet controlled and respectful. I was scared everytime she spoke with him. In "Hannibal", Clarice is actually face to face with her worst nightmare and totally unafraid. This guy would in a second eat your face off and she attacks him like he is the bully neighbor you grew up with. She was drugged, I understand, but she was relentless the whole time. If a big dog chased me and I had a gun, I am brave because of the weapon yet I still would be afraid. The foreign cop guy in the beginning of the movie was afraid of him but, very greedy and it cost him his life. A great performance by him by the way. Clarice tried to get him with a knife and fist and then cuffs. She was relentless. It made me not afraid of Lecter. We all should be. He is capable of ANYTHING. Finally, Lecter escapes by mere moments from the police, minus one left hand. We are talking moments. Seconds. He is on the 10 most wanted list. Everyone in America is after him. All the airports have his picture, the state line, the damn Mexican border. His likeness is out there plus the now distinguishing mark of a missing left hand. Yet, he is able to board a plane for overseas, no problem. I am to assume he is on the plane days later after the dinner scene. It's not like he was in hiding for a while to let the "heat" die down. No disguise and no left hand to the airport for a flight overseas. I defy you to walk across the street after robbing the local 7-11 and get you hand cut off and be able to board a plane for anywhere. STUPID, STUPID, STUPID. That part makes no sense. Even if he dressed like a priest, all people with cast, or splints, or missing left hands would be questioned by airport officials.  I like the beginning of the movie. It's after he arrived to America, the movie goes downhill. The writers take liberties and assume we must be on the slow side. Here is an overview: 1) Lecter comes to America to help Clarice. (The writers needed a reason for Lecter to be in America to fight Gary Oldman's character, Mason Verger.) 2) Let's Clarice call the cops. (Writers needed a reason for him to flee the scene rapidly and escape for a another possible sequel.) 3) He asks Clarice if she could love him? ( This one the writers put there to explain the reason why he came for her. Bad choice as I have explained earlier. She is gonna say no. Why should she say yes? Hence, he never should of come to america or he should kidnap Clarice to have her do his bidding. ) 4) Clarice not being the least bit afraid. (Bad acting choice by Ms. Moore.) 5) Lecter's quick, "one handed" escape. (See #2) The writer's needed to wrap everything up nice and neat. "Let's make our opening weekend $59,000,000 and run to the bank." Whatever happened to solid stories and character motivations? By the way, him cutting off his hand is PROOF that he loved her. DEFINITIVE PROOF.) 6) All that extra gore was cool, but I believe that the writer's mentality is: "People will talk about the excessive gore more than they will about the weak plot points the movie has." There are many. Ask anyone about the movie and what is the first thing said? You know that answer. Gore, gore, brains and more gore.  I like stories that make sense. Please make sense. Keep it simple and honest and consistent to real life regardless of the extreme circumstances.     