 Had to read it a few times to fully understand what was going on. Frank Miller has a strong tenedncy of jumping from one character/one plot to another, and sometimes it can be confusing.  Did I like this comic series sequel??? Yeah, especially by the third reading when everything was much more clear and understandable.   -SPOILER-  I enjoyed book number 1 the best with the introduction of the Atom and his rescue from a petri dish. I enjoyed the concept of The Flash running inside of a generator, like a gerbil in a wheel, supplying the world with electricity. I enjoyed seeing Carrie Kelly grow up and take charge of Batman's growing army "like the good little soldier she is". Seeing Superman get his butt kicked again by Batman and finding solace in the arms of his lover, Wonder Woman. The inroduction of Superman's and Wonder Woman's very powerful daughter, who wants to know with who it is safe to have sex with. Funny stuff.  The rest of the stories were, in my opinion, were descent, but all over the place. Going from one sub plot to another and then another. What is sad about that is that it made the character Batman just another figure in his own story, and that should never be in a Dark Knight story.   I wanted to see more of Batman and his struggles with his aging body, his ever calculating mind, his leadership skills, and ever cunning mind, and that never ending war inside him to fight crime.  That is why the 1st series, The Dark Knight Returns, was so succssful. I knew what Batman was going through at all times, and it was like I was also going through the same thing with him.   Oh, yeah... what is the deal with making Dick Grayson a bad guy Joker wanna be who is upset over being fired by Batman all those many years ago??? Kinda came out of left field with that sub plot. You could of picked any one of Batman's former bad guys, and the best choice was his former number 1 sidekick??? The only major flaw with the book.  As I stated in my title... this Dark Knight series lacks the richness of the 1st Dark knight series, but it is still a pretty good read.     