 Some years ago Mr. Peters quit consulting.  Whatever benefits he may have realized, he lost the opportunity to see business from the inside.  As a result, his experiences of the last decade have come from the same sources any of us can access: newspapers, magazines, and other public sources of information about business. And because Tom has bailed out, he has lost he opportunity to see anything new.  Not surprisingly, the result is a book that repeats what he said five years ago and five years before that. Also startling-not to mention anomalous: the copy stresses the importance of design, but the design itself defies several reasonable principles of good design:  think of the reader; find a focus; eliminate the extraneous; value form but never at the expense of function.  Granted, good design is not always universally appreciated.  Still, it seems impossible to call "good" a book design that discourages so many potential readers from even engaging.   In fact, by designing a book that puts off so many, Tom is left speaking only to readers who already agree with him. If he truly wishes to reach the people who are obstacles to change, he must begin by not offending them from his opening bell.  But then one wonders: is this habit-offending those who may be resisting-an expression of Tom's hostility to the forces who ignored him for so long, and led him to quit consulting altogether?  And if so, might those resisters have had good reasons? One final point: It is far too easy to scream at business leaders and owners, "Change radically."  But study any business or the literature of change management and you realize that changing a large institution even slightly is a daunting task at which few succeed.  Resistance is everywhere, including within all of us; above all, we seek comfort-and the familiar is comfortable.  So we should not assume that leaders, executives and owners do not want to effect change; we should instead realize that the obstacles are everywhere we look, in every office into which we peek. As important, significant change costs, both in money and in an equally precious commodity, time.  It's obvious that company A, for example, is packaged badly, has a dated logo, a tired name, and a corporate identity that virtually begs the prospect to look somewhere else for service.  But company A also has issues C through Y, and finite time and resources.  In fact, it might even be generating negative cash flow.   Can company A Re-imagine itself dramatically under those circumstances?  Or must it look to those areas where it can gain traction and emerge, albeit slowly, from it pool of red ink?   Can anyone reasonably attack plan B in that situation-a situation that is pervasive in our slowly-recovering economy? But to the bottom line now: Tom must take his own advice; he must reinvent himself.  This is old Tom and old Tom no longer works.  He needs a new model, needs to challenge the assumptions he's been making since the beginning of the 90's.  The book, both in its messages and its design, seems to defy the very points Tom tries to make.     