 Dr.Behe has done an excellent job. Unfortunately, many people took it upon themselves to misrepresent him. Let it be known, that Dr.Behe has published over 35 peer reviewed papers in the biochemistry journals. This book was peer reviewed by more scientists than usually peer review a journal paper. Including the following comments by scientists: "There is no doubt that the pathways described by Behe are dauntingly complex, and their evolution will be hard to unravel. . . . We may forever be unable to envisage the first proto-pathways." Coyne, J. A. (1996). God in the details. Nature 383, 227-228. "In a narrow sense, Behe is correct when he argues that we do not yet fully understand the evolution of the flagellar motor or the blood clotting cascade." Dorit, R. (1997). Molecular evolution and scientific inquiry, misperceived. American Scientist 85, 474-475.  "For none of the cases mentioned by Behe is there yet a comprehensive and detailed explanation of the probable steps in the evolution of the observed complexity. The problems have indeed been sorely neglected--though Behe repeatedly exaggerates this neglect with such hyperboles as 'an eerie and complete silence.'" Cavalier-Smith, T. (1997). The blind biochemist. Trends in Ecology and Evolution 12, 162-163.  "Pick up any biochemistry textbook, and you will find perhaps two or three references to evolution. Turn to one of these and you will be lucky to find anything better than 'evolution selects the fittest molecules for their biological function.'"  Pomiankowski, A. The God of the tiny gaps. New Scientist. 9-14-1996.  Scientists speaking of one of the molecular machines Behe talks about stated: "we need to think almost in engineering terms about transmission shafts, mounting plates and bushing." Trend in Genetics 1991 Another example would be how people put words into his mouth. He never said that ALL parts, even redundant parts, cannot be removed from an irreducibly complex system. One example of this is the hair-like flagellum of eukaryotes called ciliary motion. There are several "patterns" of things called microtubules. There is a 9+2 pattern and a 3+0 pattern. Although the 9+2 pattern is the ancestral state, it is not hard to see why there is also a 3+0 pattern. In the 9+2 pattern, if we remove doublet 6, then doublets 5 and 7 can simply link up, that is an 8+2 pattern. The 3+0 pattern in Daplius works, but it beats very slowly. What Behe stated was that the microtubules themselves, all of them, need to be present. Remove the microtubules altogether, and you do not have ciliary motion.  The only reason why ID is hard to accept is because of one  simple philosophical rule held by the scientific community: "Even if all the data point to an intelligent designer, such an hypothesis is excluded from science because it is not naturalistic. Of course the scientist, as an individual, is free to embrace a reality that transcends naturalism." Scott C. Todd Department of Biology, Kansas State University     