 I think the title says it all. The Fountainhead, the wellspring, the source all point to the spark that ignites artistic creation or the essence that is one's soul.  In this novel Roark's motivating impulse is what sets  everything in motion; the rest of the characters respond to, bounce off of,  are repulsed by, or devote their energies to extinguish his essence.  It's  a fantastic theme: the fully developed ego verses all the people that have  not or can not recognize their own motivating factors or egos, and what  fireworks occur when these elements clash. I love the way she has  characters, specifically Dominique and Toohey (both journalists), write  their speeches and articles with double meanings-simplistic and  unintelligent they ain't'.  Quite the contrary, all the major characters,  and many of the minor ones are very complex, talented, and intelligent  people.  Many are internally mangled, and as the book progresses they end  up resolving the riddles of their life for better or worse, or for death;  and we see Roark as the unintentional catalyst.  Out of all the characters  but Toohey, Roark is the only one with a clear path, and far from being  one-dimensional we see him fill out with every situation, with every  dialog, with every act of kindness, anger, stubbornness, creativity, and of  love. Of Rand's works, I find The Fountainhead the most poetic.  The  opening of the book is spectacular visually.  And I just thought of it now,  in Wright's Falling Water (one of the most famous houses in Architecture),  standing at the staircase in the living room of the house, the guest has a  choice to descend down into a pool of water.  The stairs literally go to  the surface of the water, or you can ascend up to the sky; here the stairs  simply rise through an opening in the roof.  Similarly, Roark dives into  the water at the opening of the book, and at the end he ascends, you could  say literally, into the sky. As an aside, a friend of mine many years ago  went into a bookseller's shop in New York City, to buy a couple of more  books by Rand.  The bookseller looked at her and asked, "do you like Rand's  work?"  She replied in the affirmative. The seller then quite passionately  said, "I hate Howard Roark!" For me, that is an example of the power of  great art. The man talked as if Roark was a living being.  Well, perhaps  he's right, Roark is alive.     