 Leontyne Price is one of the great artists of the 20th Century.  She possesses a glorious highflying voice that is agile, full bodied and she has the uncanny ability to oscillate from smoky lows through rich middle  tones to ethereal highs.  When you combine all that with the passion she  projects and the thoughtfulness she imbues to the lyrics, you get,  something like, heaven on earth. 	I saw this compellation, jumped for  joy, and bought it; it since has given me ecstatic pleasure.  There are  many excerpts from her famous roles.  What is fascinating are some of the  arias from operas she didn't perform or didn't record complete.  If you  want to know what a great Verdian singer she is listen to what she does  with La Traviata, a role she never performed or recorded, and compare that  to any Violetta.   	For years I had been looking for a CD version of  her "Blue Album", Puccini and Verdi arias, and I was delighted that some of  the tracks are here, like the riveting death aria of Butterfly's. 	I am  not a musical expert, don't know the ins and outs of performance technique,  but I love her Mozart.  Some people have said that she is romantic, too  warm and passionate for him.  Interestingly, Maria Callas in The Master  Class (the 3 CD set), said that most singers are too careful with Mozart,  and Leontyne definitely goes full throttle.  All the takes from Cosi Fan  Tutti are beautiful. 	There are two CDs here of duets with the likes of  Domingo, Horne, and Corelli.  It can also be read "Operas Greatest  Moments". 	A section of the spirituals, accompanied by the Rust College  Choir, with no orchestra, is very powerful though it is quite understated.   The mood, rhythm, and expression in I Wish I Knew How It Would Feel To Be  Free haunts me in my dreams.  Were You There, sung acapella, is something I  experience very... still, very quite in my soul.  There is a difference  between Leontyne's Spirituals and the live performance of Spirituals with  Norman and Battle.  The latter have the feeling of bravado in their  singing, but Price has pathos, and something fastidious-like, even though  she is singing for us there here is something private. 	Lieder is not  my "cup of tea", but I think that is mostly because they are intimate songs  where the words matter a great deal, and there is less musical drama.  But  when I understand what she is singing, like the Barber's Knoxville, it's a  very moving experience. 	Obviously, I am a fan.  But this collection is  not easy; it takes time to assimilate it all, but then, think what it took  to make it.  Its really a small price to pay for Leontyne's dedication and  genius, and isn't fantastic that such music and such a voice can be had on  CD.     