 Some people have a funny view of perfection.  In Opera, for instance, if you rate musicality, vocal range, characterization, power, beauty,  intelligence, and the concept of the entire role as important elements.   Then, for me, Callas is the greatest or most perfect singer of the recorded  era! (O.K. her voice is not beautiful, but what a voice; who else could/can  integrate all that other stuff on such a sublime level?) She gave us  definitive versions or interpretations that almost all other sopranos have  to contend with; La Traviata, Tosca, Aida, Turandot, Un Ballo in Maschera,  Anna Bolena, Lucia, La Sonnabmbula, and etc.  Do you wish you had a  recording of her Fidelio in Athens?  You bet. And I don't think it's  controversial to claim that her Norma is her greatest role, and she  unleashes on us a monumental portrait of a warrior Priestess.   Parenthetically, another plus about Callas' recordings/performances is  that it's difficult to find a set that doesn't have a stellar cast and a  great conductor.  (I could do without the conductor involvement with all  the Price/Leinsdorf collaborations, alas.) This Norma is fantastic, from  everyone concerned, conductor, soloists, and chorus.  The conducting is  brilliant, sensually intense and Serafin has an eye/ear for the structure  of the whole work.  The duets and trios are cataclysmic and the last is act  heart wrenching. Zaccaria the bass, what a beautiful big sound, and his  legato line is a marvel.  Ludwig's voice sounds fresh, warm, and rich, and  her acting is tender and dramatic.  The young Corelli blazes passionately  with a beautiful ringing voice.  His sound reminds me of a perfect blend of  Pavarotti and Domingo, but he is more exclamatory, Mediterranean bravado  personified.  And Callas is, in a word, formidable!  And I mean as an  artist, not only the size of her voice! Several years ago, I made a  cross-world move, and I wanted to go with as little luggage as possible.  I  sold, for almost nothing, some four hundred Classical and Opera CD's, you  should have been there!  But I took with me only five pieces, almost the  perfect deserted island scenario, one of the works was Turandot with Mehta  conducting, the other was this Norma! This version of Norma is the one to  have. Another version is a live recording with Callas (in the best form I  have ever heard her), Simionato, Del Monaco, and Zaccaria all red hot, at  La Scala, in 1955. Complete with an idiot in the audience shouting BRAVA  TEBALDI after Casta Diva, then hold on and just listen to the sparks, more  like a blow torch, or guided missiles fly from there on out! WOW!     