 Atlas Shrugged is a giant-size mystery with high aspirations, it undertakes to show us the attempted murder of humankind's soul, and what is required to save it. It is monumental, dramatically paced, and so well integrated that all the complex plots and subplots are perfectly resolved  at the end. The major characters and many of the minor characters are the  MOVERS and MANIPULATORS of the industrial, political, and to some extent  cultural world. There is an industrialist who invents a new metal-Rand  deliberately uses this metal to indicate a new age in humankind, like the  Stone Age, Iron Age, Bronze Age, etc. There is a scientific genius that  refuses to act responsibly in regards to who uses his abstract discoveries,  the applications of which ultimately lead to the creation of a weapon of  mass destruction. Every character, except for the most inconsequential,  goes full "circle" we know whom they are, where they come from, what they  have done, and where they end up. Her heroic characters are not  effervescent or subtle, but they are audacious, authoritative and always  seen in purposeful movement.  These characters are working sometimes 18  hours a day, which given their positions of power in a constant state of  emergency in a collapsing world, is quite a realistic touch.  There is a  scene of a national radio broadcast interview with Dagny, the heroine and  the operating VP of a Trans-continental railroad. Dagny perceives she is  being blackmailed to promote the government's propaganda.  She quite  cleverly undercuts the interviewer's trump card (her adulterous affair with  the powerful industrialist of the metal fame) by proudly flaunting her very  sexual love affair with him, and exposing the Government's attempted  blackmail. The evil characters are chance trolls riding on the back of  culturally accepted altruistic ideology, which they manipulate to wangle  one-upmanship towards questionably and ultimately evil ends. James Taggart,  Dagny's brother, uses his status, money, and power to impress an excitable  but nave dime-shop girl (a minor character). He publicly milks his  selfless generosity to her, while he disparately needs her uncritical  hero-worship. And she, understandably, is way out of her league, but she  gropes inch by inch to do the best she can to cope and understand what's  going on between them.  Her belief is that James sees her potential and she  will become a deserving partner. In the course of their  relationship she becomes wise to his self-decent and finds out that he is a  vampire of the spirit, albeit a mousy one, but at this point its too late  for her. The most outrageous confrontations in the book are not between the  good and the evil but are between the heroes clashing at cross-purposes.   Rand had a very interesting concept about evil vs. good in fiction, she  didn't think there was any conflict in it at all.  She believed that the  most dramatic conflicts arise between the good and good. Hence, the  realistically absurd characterizations of the bad boys.  (Anyone out there  know any genuine evil people? Ten to one they are as soft and whimpy as  they come.)  There are quite lengthy, though brilliant speeches that are  not superfluous-they are needed show us what were the compelling ideas that  got these larger than life heroes to re-evaluate their personal premises  and accept a radical alternative for living on earth.  We all know that  human change on a profoundly deep level is possible, though not easy or  simple to achieve, and a lot of effort and thought must go into it; her  speeches are infinitely shorter than the transcriptions from two years of  therapy! The most common criticism is of her prose.  It is simple and  direct.  Maria Callas was giving a master class at Juilliard, at the end of  the course her last piece of advice was to use EXPRESSION as the primary  tool; the artist must be true to the meaning of the music, and to the  meaning of text. Expression wise, the prose in Atlas is right on, and boy,  the meaning comes through crystal clear.  Lastly this book is the  projection of a moral ideal.  It shows us what it would feel like to be let  loose, to experience freedom unobstructed by irrational man-made controls,  and to create and explore to one's furthest reaches.     