 I am not an expert on Opera but I do have a lot of recordings and three live Normas with Sutherland, Callas, and Deutekom.  I think all of the performances are brilliant but with only acceptable sound.  It seems the older I am getting I enjoy more the live performances than the studio recordings because there is a sense that the singers are really letting their voices and emotions rip.   I just got the Deutekom (San Francisco, 1975) version and I think that she bears comparison with Callas and Sutherland.  She has a huge voice, creamy high notes, a solid chest voice, and overall she comes across like a sprinto wagnarian.  The sound of her voice reminds me of Nilsson.  She does an interesting thing in her interpretation; she withholds her highest notes until the second half of the opera, where they really hit the points.  Troyanos is Adalgisa, I did not know her voice was so big, agile, expressive, and beautiful!  I was really surprised. The Pollione of Merolla is good; he did not have or attempt some of the high notes.  I enjoyed the conducting of Cillario--nothing pretensions, he moved the music along with good pacing and I believe a good sense of the structure of the whole. Sutherland is of course a wonder.  She milks Casta Diva for all its worth and she has something virtuosic to hear in almost every phrase.  What will be to individual tastes are the choices that Bonynge makes in cadenzas and ornamentation.  Like at the end of the trio, "Oh di qual sei tu vittima", Sutherland climes up to and sustains a high note (a magnificent one at that), then Tourangeau and Alexander closed-out on a lower note, which seems something of intellectual novelty conceptually in comparison to other versions.  Tourangeau sounds like a sprinto, it's not a huge voice but it's expressive and warm.  The duets with Sutherland are excellent.  Alexander as Pollione has a good sound and high notes though he sounds taxed by the role. What is exciting to hear in the above-mentioned versions is hearing Norma sung by big beautiful voices.  Unfortunately Callas' voice is not beautiful.  But she takes to Norma with a certainty that is very compelling.  She expresses a range of pathos and emotion, caps it all with solid high notes, either with quite intensity or with shattering impact, and has the most animalistic chest notes in the recorded era.  The rest of this cast really is amazing.  Simionato nails the role of Adalgisa; her sound is big, expressive, and rich.  And her phrasing sounds perfect.  She and Callas sing the duets with a closeness that is incredible.  Del Monaco as Pollione is authoritative, slightly dense, and very believable as the Roman proconsul. Votto's conducting is supportive, gripping, has momentum, and sounds very natural. You really can't go wrong with any of these versions taking in that the sound is not great.   It is interesting to note that these three live performances are under the same Gala label.     