 This past year I have been addicted to La fanciulla del west.  I would definitely include it in my all-time favorites, let's say Top Ten.  Magnificent music.  And a well told story.  The only apparent problem it has is that it needs a great soprano with a huge voice.  Many commentators have commented that the soprano role is extremely difficult, which they attribute to its high-flying range.  But after listening to it often I propose that it is difficult for another reason: the orchestra does not support her lines.  Perhaps I state it badly; in Turandot's In questa reggia, the music soars with her, and her melody is also present in the music.  In Fanciulla she must go it alone.  It means that her vocal line must compete against some of the most glorious and dramatic music in existence; and not only is she pitted against the orchestra but against the supported tenor, the baritone, and the all-male chorus! This recording is very good.  Domingo is ideal as Johnson. Zubin Mehta conducts Puccini brilliantly: well-paced, colorful, passionate, sparkling.  Milnes sings with all his assets of a beautiful, a dark, and a ringing voice.  And Carol Neblett sings firmly with all the notes.  But her singing seems as if it is for a supporting role not as if she were the vocal track for Liberty Leading the People, she doesn't command the opera. Probably the best Fanciulla, with good sound, is with Tebaldi, Del Monaco, MacNeil, and with Capuana conducting.  Though Tebaldi is not one of my favorite singers she has a magnificent voice--that seems to give her whatever she asks of it.  She also sings with passion and sensitivity.  Del Monaco is not great with character but he has a wonderful ringing sound and a big male persona.  I think he is excellent here.  MacNeil as Rance is very solid; he sings with a beautiful line. Unfortunately, there isn't a completely knockout studio recording.   Indulge me in my only musical fantasy.  I would have liked, as dream cast, Domingo, Mehta, Gobbi, and Jessye Norman.  I think she would do justice to the role and perhaps she will.     