 First off this book differs from his online writings[...] mainly in organizational structure.  The ideas are presented in a logical sequence building up to a case and for a political polemic the case is well reasoned and organized.   So what you are buying is a systematic organization of an enhanced version of Neumann's other writings.    Neumann himself is a difficult writer to classify.  He claims to be on the left, but in-fact seems to think like a rightist.  For him war is an extension of diplomacy and just another means of conflict resolution, which is an atypical viewpoint among today's left.  On the other hand he shares the unthinking biases of the new left and the net result is a book that isn't convincing even though its well reasoned.  He picks the fascist definition of a state, but then uses a very liberal definition with respect to a person's obligations towards the state.    Quite simply it is this inconsistency that kills the book.  Time and time again he applies arguments to the Palestinians he is not willing to apply to the Jews.  He forcefully argues that Palestinians have a right to self determination because they are a separate people (there is no Arab people's in his mind and he argues the case).  But he rejects without question how the very arguments he makes for the rights of self determination of the Palestinian people would work equally if not better for the right of self determination for the Jewish people.  He avoids this inconsistency by separating the two cases by many pages.  Early in the book he argues that Zionism was wrong in asserting self determination and only much later in the book does he argue against the Jordanian option for Palestinians.    There are other examples,  in the end he's forced to argue that recent acts of violent conquest should be reversed while more distant ones should not be without clearly defining recent or more distant.     Other places he engages his reasoning simply falls apart.  For example when arguing regarding the biblical basis for Zionism he dismisses all religious writings as being valid for political debate.because they aren't universal to both Palestinians and Jews.  But one important context here is debate within the Jewish community in which case the texts are universal and the argument would fall apart.    I could go on and on pointing out the methods that were used to make a very weak case appear stronger.  But they are standard to these sorts of polemics.  If the reader is drawn to this book as a consistent summary of Neumann's writings its excellent.  If the reader is drawn to this book as a well reasoned case against Israel it fails.       