 This printer made by Cannon, seemed like the perfect printer, there was only one review of it, and it was 5 stars. Both Epson and HP printers had many positive and negative reviews. How could I go wrong, with a Cannon?   Brief Discription of troubles I had with HP & Epson Printers:    Years ago I had a HP printer that throughout the years had glitches that I worked through, cause thier drivers were not up to date. Two years ago I decided to buy a new printer, so I went with the Epson Stylus C62. Then it had a major problems, due to its injects and software design.   Discription of Epson Design flaw:It seemed that Epson 21st Century Inproved Injet Design, were designed so if one ink cartrage was low on ink, the printer would not print so you would not waste ink...Which sounds great on paper, but in the real world, it was a major head ache just waiting to jump out. With Epson's new inkject designs and software design to save ink, if one ink cartrage is not making a good connection, or have tiny micro dust on the contact, the software see it as being out of ink, and as such it will not print. the instructions to clear this calls for you to recheck all connections and to push specific buttons in a specified order, which cause ink to be injected through the ink ject each time you do this,(so in time you will empty an ink catrage in your effort to get it to print which will result in no printing til you fix the problem). If god fobid you push a button out of order, the Epson printer can start printing none stop machine language, with no way to stop it,(the warning on the instructions say to never turn off the printer while it is printing), if you do, in an your effort to stop the printer from doing a run away print of machine language, you will have a nightmare problem on you hands. Even if you cut the power to the Epson printer for 2 weeks, as soon as it has power agin, it off and printing non-stop cumputer language. Then when you run out of ink, the printer will stop, til you fix the problem, and if you buy all new ink cartages and replace them all, the run away machine language printing will start up again.   So after the head ached of HP & Cannan, and the one and only 5 star posive review of the Cannon PIXMA MP760 Multi funtion Printer, how could I go wrong right?.....   The Cannon PIXMA MP760 is a sleek and well running Printer, it has a sleek design, and I loved it as soon as I got it. It seemed to print great, it seem to do it all, it ever stated it could scan Slides and negatives, and turn them in to pictures. The Film Scaned will scan the negative, not as a picture you see on paper, but as a negative with color on paper,(sickening negative on paper). The printer is unable to turn a negative into a positive medium, so the picture is a normal picture. The pictures it print are great( cause it uses an increadable amount of ink to print them, After printing just 6 -  8x10 Photographs set at high resilutions, the color ink cartages on the printers screen, showed that the color cartages were almost out of ink (the software on the computer showed them still to be full- but as it turned out, they were near empty, since the Cannon ink cartages are clear plastic, which lets you see how much ink still remains in the ink cartages. The Printer has a large buffer, so you can store a vast printer orders on it and go on to do your other stuff. I do like my Cannon Printer a so much better than the printers I had from HP or Epson. Of course there is always 1 or 2 bad printers, no matter what brand made it. But over all, I thing you will run into a more user friendly printer from Cannon.    Good Luck     