 First off, if you have any ATI RADION 128 MB vidio card where you spent more than $100 for, and someone talks to you about buying this suppose nVIDIO FX5500 with 256 MB for $59.00. "The saying that you get what you pay for comes to mind". Games like Linearge II and World of Warcraft will have trouble with this card, because its not a true nVIDO card. The card is made by MSI, the CD with the drivers on it, is made by MSI with no markings of nVIDIA on it. Yes the box that this video card comes in, has the nVIDIA Logo on it. I found that games like City of Hero's, World of Warcraft, and Lineage II, that at least once a week, their servers is brought down for upgrades, that the generic companies like MSI who mades this geberic nVIDIA card, can not keep its drivers up to date with the continue changes these masive online games are making weeky. Even the big manufaturest of video cards, (ATI & nVIDIA), at time have difficuilty in keeping up with the chances these games are always making. At first when I have the co-host of National Radio talk show on computers, (I know the name, but felt he may not like my comments, so I left the name out), do many upgrades to my computer, and was to install a nVidia  256 MB video card, (if he had told me he used not compaibles Window componits in the computers he build, I would put a stop to that) which included installing this nVIDIA card for me, the card and resulotions were amazing, breathtaking at first...But as the weeks past by and the game made its changes and Windows made its updates, I was unable to locate a site that had drivers for this video card, that were reconized as compaitable with Window, because all the MSI drivers resulted in the game freezing up, and I had to do a soft boot to exit. All of the MSI drivers on the CD and at the MSI site, said that those drivers are NOT listed as being compatible with Window. When I contacted the person who installed my vidio card, he said those drivers should works just fine. when I said they work just fine, unless I am gaming, his come back was he knows nothing about gaming! He said I should contact Windows for support in this matter, that it was thier probem. NO THE PROBLEM what this cards and its the drivers made for it are not window compibles, and anyone who talks you into using a non-Window compatible product when you are going to be playing massive online games, is setting you up for many headaches too come.    When I went to the nVIDIA website and downloaded their drivers for the FX5500, I could only play the games on a low resilotion setting of 800 x 600. Windows customer service said since MSI made the card, that I should stick with their drivers to get the best performance of the card.  If you buy a video card, stick to either true ATI or nVIDIA cards that will have the drivers that are compatible with the game.  THIS CARD IS JUNK!     