 When the iPod first came out, I wanted one, but hesitated. The hard drive on my old iMac didn't have much free space for mp3 files. Then I decided to get the latest iMac (17" monitor), and it had a nice 80 GB hard drive. That meant plenty of space to store my mp3s, so I bought the 20GB iPod as well. Within two days, I was hooked on this perfect little device, and it IS perfect. FEATURES: The touch wheel is so smooth and intuitive that I got used to it in about 20 seconds. The menus are clear, straightforward and, again, intuitive. You can browse by artist, genre, composer, song title, album. You can have playlists of songs. You can repeat one song, or a group of songs. You can shuffle. And you don't need a reference book for how to do any of it. It's all right there, at the touch of your finger. The sound is absolutely amazing--Equalizer settings are extensive. If you know how to play with iTunes, you can create your own settings, too, and they'll load into your iPod. The download speed is fricking unbelievable--When I finally had a "few" songs loaded into my new iMac (about 140), it took less than 2 minutes to download all of them, including the playlists I'd set up. iTunes made the download process itself so easy--all I did was plug in the iPod and iTunes took care of the rest for me. Thank goodness for iTunes. I can't imagine handling mp3s without this nifty (and FREE) program! Oh--and while I was downloading my mp3s that first time, the iPod used my network clock to set the date and time on the player. I haven't used the iPod as an alternate hard drive yet, but I definitely plan to. My husband has a PowerBook, and there are some files from my iMac that I'll want to bring with me when we travel. The iPod will be the perfect device for that. I've looked at the calendar/contact features, but I don't really need them. My husband definitely plans to use both, though, in his work as a consultant. I have one complaint about the headphones that come with the iPod: The earbuds are too big for my ears, and hurt after prolonged listening. This is most annoying, because the headphones are very, very good. The audio quality is wonderful--my husband considers the trade of his Sony earbuds for the iPod buds a great trade in HIS favor. The remote control is great--I use it all the time, and it keeps me from having to pull the iPod out of my pocket or case to adjust the volume, pause, or skip a song (or part of a song--hold down the forward/backward button to fast-forward/rewind the current song). The battery really does last 8 -10 hours, depending on how you use the iPod. Some battery drainers are excessive scrolling and backlighting, but, even then, the iPod lasts a LONG time without a recharge. This makes the iPod perfect for me, since I work in a factory and have my headphones on most of the time. Apple doesn't tell you that, yes, you can charge the iPod through your computer, BUT it doesn't charge as quickly as with the provided AC adapter. You also don't get as much info about the charging process when the iPod is plugged into the computer. A third party manufacturer makes a car charger for iPod. I bought one and it works great. INTANGIBLES: As always, Apple makes you feel good about spending so much money for one of their products, with the little things that make your ownership a delight. Providing nice headphones, a belt clip case, a remote control, a FireWire cable and an AC adapter are great touches [...] . The belt clip is well-made and the iPod won't fall out of it under most circumstances, but the clip isn't 100% safe. I was lucky to catch my iPod before it hit the floor when the cord caught on something once, and I don't know that I would feel safe doing strenuous exercise with it; I eventually bought a more secure case from a third party. The convenience factor alone makes iPod worth every penny. Through audible.com, I can download books, and, thanks to my old portable CD car adapter, I'm able to listen to the iPod in my car. This means no more lugging around pre-recorded audio books and huge CD wallets of music. No more switching CDs while I'm driving. No more agonizing over which CDs to keep in my 6 + 1 player. I can record the songs I like off a CD (or the entire CD), and put the disc away, which means less wear and tear on the disk itself. I can put the iPod in my purse, rather than leaving all those listening goodies in my car, where they can get stolen or exposed to intense heat that destroys them (a serious problem here in Texas). The mirror finish on the case and remote is beautiful, but it shows fingerprints very badly. I keep a polishing cloth handy and use it at least once a day. I don't remember if Apple mentioned it in their documentation, but the cover needs special cleaners. Alcohol and acetone-based cleaners will ruin the lucite layer on the front of the iPod. I've found that the iKlear polish kits work best for cleaning the iPod. I didn't quite understand an earlier complaint about the lack of options for naming the iPod. Maybe on the Windows version this is a problem, but, on the Mac version, renaming the iPod is as easy as clicking on the name field when you first plug the iPod into your computer, and typing a new name for your new baby. To be honest, the iPod has so many wonderful features that it's just about impossible to list them all here, and the potential uses for it are mindboggling. This is THE Mp3 player to have; no other comes close. BUY IT.     