 My family has a rule that, if we rent a movie 3 times, we might as well buy it. I had gone far beyond my limit with the 1995 adaptation of Pride and Prejudice. I could watch this series at least once a month, maybe even once a week, and still love it. The adaptation isn't 100% faithful to the book, but, cinematically, it's by far the best version ever made. On a scale of 5 stars for content, I would give this DVD 100. However, I have both of the DVD editions and I don't like the DVD transfer for either one of them.  If I could, each version would rate at nearly -100 stars. For the first set, the one with the cardboard keepcases: 1) The sound quality isn't what I've come to expect from a DVD, and parts of the dialogue bottom out on occasion. 2) My local Blockbuster had the two-tape VHS version, with all the credits taken out except at the beginning and end of the set. This made the series flow like one movie, save for the natural break at the climax of the story when Darcy 1st proposes to Eliza, which was wonderful--perfect timing! Since I didn't see the series when it aired on A & E, it was often difficult for me to tell where the series breaks had taken place. I was quite surprised when I learned where some of them were, and this attests to the skill of the editors of the two-tape VHS version. I find the constant credits on the DVD distracting, repetitious and boring; pressing the Next button is inconvenient. As for these credits providing a break, as suggested by another reviewer--come on! DVDs are fantastic at picking up exactly where one left off, without missing a beat. They're far better at it than VHS tapes. If I need to go to the bathroom or get another tub of popcorn that badly, I'd rather stop a DVD wherever I please, rather than waiting for the appearance of credits I don't want to see anyway. That's as bad as watching the prison known as TV (UGH). 3) I also find this a very chintzy DVD--no language selections, no subtitles, no "goodies," such as cast bios. It didn't even have closed-captioning! Very, very cheap. As much as my husband paid for this DVD as a Hanukkah present to me, I expected much more for his money. So now I'll search for the VHS version I prefer. Maybe I'll buy two, in case one wears out. For the second set, the one with the plastic keepcases: A&E finally gets their head outta their youknowwhattee and gives us non-stop storytelling along with some cool goodies like cast bios, widescreen and subtitles/captioning.  Then they RUIN it all with the most hideous color transfer I've ever seen on a DVD.  I had to spend over half an hour getting the picture even remotely bearable to my eyes, and I'm still not satisfied with it.  The entire DVD is now unwatchable for this alone.  Will someone at A&E please please PLEASE fix this? As I stated in my original review, perhaps the producers of this series will heed the many complaints they've received about the DVD transfers and re-issue a much better version in the future.     