 Bakharia has written a book for beginner's in the world of creating web pages using Dreamweaver Ultradev.  The author assumes the reader has a very basic understanding of what is required and leads one by the hand (with nice graphics I might add) through some rough areas that the "Using Dreamweaver UltraDev" manual lacks.  Now, down to business.  The books format is a bit unusual.  Full screen snapshots of each step are included to demonstrate what the author is doing.  Each step is carefully spelled out and explained, with no assumed pre-knowledge.  The book is billed as beginner to intermediate level and I agree.  However, I am a long time user of the Front Page/Interdev world and have used Dreamweaver for some time now.  I found this book to be very useful for the final transition.  I found the examples easy to follow making my ramp time very rapid.  Even though I am advanced in this realm I highly recommend the book.  Ok, now with all of that aside, what does the author cover?  Here are some of the chapters I found useful. The author starts with the basics of Ultradev and HTML development.  She covers managing websites and planning a database-driven website.  Server behaviors are given a chapter as are creating HTML forms.  The basics of ASP, displaying user friendly results, designing a database are also covered. Now the good stuff: Validating and Retrieving Form Data Retrieving Data from a Database Advanced Database Queries (I guess this got it the intermediated rating) Creating a Search Interface Creating Dynamic Form Objects (a fancy way of saying how to display your returned result sets) Messing with the database (i.e. Insert, Update, Delete) Creating Interactive Web Pages Sending Email Messages (using CDO) Chapters that I questioned the need for were: Working with Files and Folders (i.e. writing to/from) Finally there are several appendicies: Installing Dreamweaver UltraDev Installing Personal Web Server JSP and CFML Quick Reference (very useful) Additional Resources If you are looking for examples of underlying ASP code there isn't much.  This book shows you how to create database interactive websites using the tools, with very few examples of under-the-hood tweaking.  A very useful beginner's book.     