 No Man's Man - Lou Morgan takes a shooting job, something he has done  before with much success, from a man he calls the "Scholar"  because of his looks.  The Scholar wants Morgan to remove another man,  Henery Whitterling, trying to woo Nana Maduro who owns a ranch on Cherry  Creek near Battle Basin.  Unknown to all, Morgan also knows Nana and used  to be in love with her himself.  All three men are after Nana, but as  Morgan begins to work on his "job" he finds that things are not  as they seem.  Nana is in great danger! Get Out Of Town (Out of Print as  a single) - Young Tom Fairchild, only fourteen years old, has to hire some  help for the annual round-up.  His dad has been dead for three years and he  and his mom now run the ranch alone.  He hires an ex-convict by the name of  Riley.  Riley takes to the job like one born to dealing with cattle.  Riley  lets Tom know that he thinks some cattle are missing as the tally and what  he is finding on the range don't jive!  The strange thing is that the list  of suspects is short and include Riley!  A very well done story told in the  first person of Tom. McQueen Of The Tumbling-K (This dramatized version  is out of print as a single) - Ward McQueen is the foreman of the  Tumbling-K owned by beautiful Ruth Kermit.  One afternoon as they are  bringing in a herd in the annual round-up they run across tracks of a man  on foot; bleeding.  After a brief tracking/search they are unable to find  the man.  Later, as they bring in the heard, a stranger, Jim Yount, has  arrived to buy cattle.  Only his story doesn't add up.  Who is the  mysterious man-on-foot, who is Jim Yount and what does he really want?   McQueen begins to do a little asking around and ends up shot for his  effort!  Left for dead, on the trail, he has to help Ruth and save the  ranch, somehow, if only he can stay alive! Booty For A Bad Man - Tell  Sackett owns a piece of ground in the Camp Verde country that refuses to  yield any gold.  All around him his friends are pulling out hundreds of  dollars, but for him: nothing.  Those who do make it rich cannot leave for  fear of the Cooper gang which knows who has the gold and who doesn't.   Lately anyone trying to leave with any form of wealth is robbed and killed.   Several miners approach Tell and offer him several hundred dollars if he  would transport 50 lbs. of gold to the bank in Aubrey (three or four days  ride).  Tell takes the job.  The next day on the trail he runs into a woman  on foot.  Her horse had thrown her.  Now with a woman in tow and the  Coopers on his trail that gold weighs even more than he is comfortable  with!   The audio, for all four stories, is crisp and clear, the  characters are well cast, and the special effects are quite good.  Well  worth the purchase price.  Run time:  240 minutes.     