 Okay, in response to all other negative reviews: bunk. I have a WAP11 (and am purchasing a second for my work place), and out of the box it is a breeze to set up.  I have a house separate from my garage/office, and running a wire between the two for internet access is impossible/prohibitive.  I set up my WAP11 with my main network and was able to get a good signal with my laptop and my WPC11 (Linksys) PCMCIA card.  However, the card orientation is not the best for longer distances.   ... Antenna orientation with these units is everything!  On the farthest reaches of my garage (100 ft from the WAP) I received no signal.  But, when I tilted my laptop on end (a bad typing position :-) ) suddenly I receive a 40% signal strength.  I began to do a little research and talked with a couple of antenna manufacturers.  The summation was that this unit is VERY extendable if you want to drop a little extra money on an antenna ...  The antennas on the WAP11 are removable and a much more powerful antenna (with pigtail) can be added.  However, I found this to be unnecessary.  I went ahead and decided to try the WUSB11 (Linksys) and see if the "proper antenna orientation" thingy really was the trouble.  Out of the box, it worked.  Throughout my house, and out to the farthest reaches of my garage and beyond!  I did find a couple of weak areas, but moving the WUSB11 (it is on a 6ft USB cable) around a bit got me the signal strength I desired. The WAP11 comes with the unit (with two removable antennas, an important feature you don't find described anywhere, even in the LinkSys literature), a power supply, a CD-ROM with driver and installation software (really unbelievably easy setup, and please, please turn on the WEP feature!), and an easy-install guide. As far as interference?  I have a 2.4Ghz cordless phone and have yet to notice anything (jury is still out), but so far, so good. Really a terrific unit for the price.  Just be aware that there are limitations with the out-of-the-box unit and you will be fine.  I definitely recommend this unit.     