 A truely do-it-all book.  Robert Vieira has written the Transact-SQL  programmer's dream.  Not only is it a good reference for the more advanced  DBA, but makes a decent beginner's guide (the book is not a "teach  yourself", but rather for a beginner who has completed some SQL Server  basics).  This is the book for the beginner who wants to move through  intermediate to advanced topics.  The book covers: I.   Particulars and  History - Building DB Connected Systems, Data Access Models. II.  RDBMS -  The components of a SQL Server DB III. Tools of the Trade - Client/Server  Network Utilities, Enterprise Manager, DTS, MS DTC, Performance Monitor,  Profiler, Query Analyzer, OSQL, Service Manager Then The Good  Stuff: First the basics: IV.  The Foundation Statements of T-SQL -  Select, Where, ETC. V.   Joining Tables - Inner/Outer, Cross, Full,  Union VI.  Creating and Altering Tables Then the Intermediate  Stuff: VII. Constraints - Primary Keys, Foreign Keys, Unique, Check,  Default, Disabling, Rules, Triggers VIII.Normalization and Basic Design  Issues - Relationships, Diagramming, De-Normalizing, Examples Then the  Advanced Stuff: IX.  Speeding Performance:  Storage and Index  Structures X.   Views - Simple, Complex, Editing, etc. XI.  Writing  Scripts and Batches - OSQL XII. Code Storage:  Stored Procedures -  Intermediate to Advanced - This is pretty much exhaustivly covered.   Includes error handling, control of flow. XIII.Transactions and Locks -  More advanced SProc handling, Checkpoints, Locks and Concurrancy, Handling  Deadlocks XIV. Triggers - A truely great chapter, untangling what is  usually a badly explained subject. And a lot more...  Chapters 15 through  25 cover the really advanced subjects like: Advanced Queries, Distributed  Queries/Transactions, SQL Cursors, BCP, DTS, Replication (in detail),  Advanced DB Design, OLAP (in detail), English Query and Full Text Search,  Security (very well done), Performance Tuning (in detail), Advanced  Administration. The appendices cover:  Global Variables, Functions,  Tools, Error Listing, Access Upsizing.  An excellent index rounds out the  package.  If you are worried about coverage on any of the above  topics...don't the book is a real luggable (1.5" thick, a couple of  pounds in weight). The only other book I would recommend to round out the  SQL Server DBA's library would be MS Press' Administrator's Pocket Guide.   You really won't need anything else!  This book is a must have.     