 One of the most heartwarming films that I have ever had the pleasure to watch would have to be Disney's The Rescuers.  The storyline is somewhat depressing, which is why some would prefer to not watch this film and watch something a little happier.  I, for one, think that this aspect of the movie makes it original.  It's not your ordinary fairy tale where the princess is locked away in a high tower and Prince Charming comes to rescue her and they live happily ever after.    Instead, this movie follows a young orphan through her trials living with the unfair desperado, Madame Medusa.  Two mice from the Rescue Aid Society come to Penny's (the young orphan) rescue resulting in a very cute, heartwarming film.  The depressing moments in the film make the happy moments all the more cheerful and warm, making the viewer feel apart of the world instead of just watching a scene laid before them.  The art has a rough, "sketchy" feel to it.  While a lot of people would find this bothersome, and a sign of pure "laziness" from the artists, I kind of find it to add feeling to the film.  The "sketchy" feeling matches the mood of the entire movie, and really makes this movie stand out.  I also loved the songs from the movie.  "The Journey" was a great choice in song to open the movie, some would say that it was just thrown together because there is "no animation" involved.  I feel, however, that this isn't a sign of laziness, I think this was the plan.  It was beautiful, it added heart to the movie even before the characters were introduced.  Truly visually impressive, and the song was just beautiful and started off the story properly. Along with that the other songs fit seamlessly into the movie.  Never was there a dull moment, the songs weren't too long, and weren't too short.  They never seemed out of place, and they were always beautiful songs and easy on the ear.  Truly wonderful music.  Wonderful story, intriguing plot, charming characters, beautiful music all combined together to make one masterpiece film.  I thoroughly enjoyed this movie and would recommend it to any Disney fan - actually, I take that back, not just Disney fans would like this movie, anyone looking for a warming movie should watch this through.  A true, overlooked masterpiece.     