 I've owned this camera for a few months now, and I must say, I am very pleased with the results from this camera.  The picture quality is just fabulous; they're high quality, and the colors are very accurate.  Even the simplest pictures taken have a professional aura to them. I love the zoom function on this camera.  It's very fast, in the past with other cameras I have always seemed to have trouble finding a camera with a fast zoom--but this camera has pleased me beyond words as far as zooming goes.  Not only is the zoom fast, but it is very silent.  A silent zoom always seemed like an important part of a camera, and I highly applaud this camera for that. There's not much to complain about with this camera--however, there are a few things that I am going to have to complain about...  The batteries?  You need four AA batteries!  It's not so much that this bothers me because it makes the camera heavier--because the camera is so well built that you hardly notice the added battery weight--but what does bother me is that this means you have a lot more batteries that you have to carry around with you.  Although, since the camera has so many features, four batteries is hardly a bad thing.  After months of owning this camera, and trying out every feature on it, I have only found two flaws.  The first one I noticed was the battery door.  I read plenty of reviews by other customers about the battery door being flimsy, but never did I think that it would be this flimsy!  The battery door feels as if it's going to break in my hands if handled improperly.  However, if you take caution while opening and closing the door, it should be just fine. The second flaw I noticed, was much more conflicting.  The positioning of the flash seems to be a little out of place.  You won't be able to notice this camera defect unless you are taking a close up macro shot.  When you take a shot too close, you will find that while the camera does take a stunningly clear photo--if you use a flash, a shadow from the lens will be left on your photo area.  Even if you don't use any additional lenses or filters the original lens with the camera will still be in the way of the flash.   This flaw only occurs, though, when you are taking a Super Macro shot.  Regular Macro will work just splendidly.  It really is a shame, though, since the camera will allow for really close shots to be taken and still come out clear--it's just the shadow that appears when using a flash that ruins it.  Those were the only complaints I had about this camera, other than that, I am very much pleased.  It's a great camera for the more advanced beginner to the intermediate photographer.  The picture quality never ceases to amaze me--it's just brilliant to see the photos that this camera takes.  Just splendid.     