 I actually have not bought this camera, I borrowed it from my aunt for a few days and I must say that I was only some-what impressed with the camera.  The main reason I wanted to try this camera out is because it is a very compact, high pixel resolution, point-and-shoot camera.  I mean, five mega-pixels?  That's amazing for the size, I currently own a Minolta Dimage Z2 and it has 4.0MP resolution and it is a much bigger camera.  I am quite impressed with the pictures this camera takes, I can blow up the pictures quite a few sizes larger on my computer and it does not pixelate.  This camera uses two AA batteries which is something that I prefer over lithium batteries. (lithium batteries cannot be found everywhere, and you must take care of them because they are not as easy to replace)  However, the battery life seems to be a little short.  Fully charged batteries may last you one full day, so I would recommend buying another set of batteries.  If you are not looking for professional photography, then this is probably a pretty good choice of camera for you.  I didn't find so much satisfaction with it because I was looking to play around with the manual functions, but there are so very few, and you cannot even change the shutter speed which is something that I really want in a camera.  The 3x optical zoon works nicely.  It's fairly silent, not as noisy as the start-up (which is not too bad itself, but is definitely noisy). However, once you go beyond 3x you switch into the digital zooming...which is not so good because you dramatically lose picture quality.  For that reason, I never zoom in beyond 3x, and 3x hardly seems like anything when you know that there are other camera out there that zoom in more.  I found trouble taking pictures indoors...you either have to have a tripod to set it on or have very bright lighting.  Most people who buy this point-and-shoot camera probably are not looking for proffessional cameras, therefore many may not use tripods, meaning that if you take pictures indoors you must be sure that there is plenty of light, or else it will result in blurry pictures.  It comes with a 16mb card...this, I found, to be quite humorous.  I mean, how many pictures can you fit on that thing?  Five to ten, about.  I was laughing a bit, luckily I also had handy the 128mb card, which I found worked out fine.  Overall, under the right conditions it is a fairly nice camera.  It is not something that I would recommend to everyone, though.  Are you looking for a simple, point-and-shoot camera?  Then this is not a bad choice at all, 5MP, and under the company name Sony...that's pretty good, I think. Like I said before, I borrowed this camera from my aunt, and after trying it out I have decided not to buy it.  Mainly because it is point-and-shoot and that is not what I am looking for.  My aunt who only uses point-and-shoot loves this camera, though.  So ponder a little on that before buying this camera.     