 Goodtimes' Thumbelina is an imaginative, charming film that any child is sure to enjoy (Although my father really enjoyed watching the film as well, so the movie is really suitable for anyone looking for a sweet story to dive into).  Surely the title, Thumbelina, rings a familiar bell to anyone's ear thanks to the popular fairy tale about the girl no bigger than one's thumb presented originally by Hans Christian Andersen.  Now this story has been retold countless times through books and movies and even just by the passing of words.  Goodtimes also took a shot at retelling this popular tale, and ended up with a very nice result.    Goodtimes tells the story of an innocent Thumbelina living with her father in a beautiful meadow along with many other "little people."  They live happily but are confronted with a problem - the snow in the mountains are melting, and when the snow melts, all the water will come down into the valley where the little people are.  Worried that the dam will break, brave little Thumbelina sets out to go find the prince and bring some help to the meadow before the snow melts.  Thumbelina finds herself in a world of hurt along the way, running into characters that mean her harm or want to use her for their own gain.  Poor Thumbelina is held back countless times while trying to triumph, luckily, along the way Thumbelina is also confronted with characters who intend to help Thumbelina as much as they can.  Resulting in sweet character relationships and scenes.  Sweet, timeless melodies accompany this heart-filled story, all beautiful classical melodies that match so perfectly with the scenes.  There's also a sweet song in the beginning of the film, and we are even treated with hearing Thumbelina herself sing "Edelweiss."  There aren't too many films made like this anymore, the world today seems to focus on violence or comedies (a lot of the comedies these days are full of forced humor and not even funny).  It's nice to look back on these older films, to see how charming and sweet they are, invigorating and peaceful.  Thumbelina is one of those films that possesses all those qualities, any child will enjoy watching Thumbelina.     