 Oh billy, billy boy...I had heard so many good things about this movie I really thought that it was going to be great.  I can't lie and say that I wasn't entertained but it wasn't the most entertaining movie ever, at least it kept me in my chair. It wasn't until the movie ended that I turned on the lights and said quite bluntly, "Well...I'm not sure I liked that." A few major points you may want to take note of:  1. From the very beginning of the movie you'll notice the camera and wonder if this was a home video.  I actually found myself wondering if it actually went to theaters.  2. They are out in the middle of nowhere - that's it.  It's a little slow at some points, you see them [the couple] break out in a fight, go a little crazy, but not much really happens in the middle of nowhere.  Until you get a little closer to the end where the climax comes in.  3.  It's not all that "true."  It's based off of a true story, but it seems that a lot of it had to be made up since not much in really known about the real couple, I guess.  In actuality the couple were lost at sea and never found, rumors go about that they may still be alive.  In the movie it's quite different, although I won't give away the ending.  *SPOILERS*  Overall, the ending ruined the entire movie for me.  It was disturbing and not at all expected nor wanted.  In fact, when the character "Daniel" died, I didn't believe it.  I kept thinking, "She let him go?!  No...he'll wake up, he's just unconsious.  Or the helicopters will see them and save them both!  No, he's not dead..." Then I saw him get eaten by the shark... Then there was "Suzan" who we watch while she swims around, alone, except for the multitude of sharks swarming about her.  I thought that okay, Daniel is dead, but Suzan will survive.  But nope, we watch her pretty much kill herself.  ...the end.  Yup, that's it.  They both die and it's very much disturbing.  *END OF SPOILERS*  The movie, I thought, was just fine and enjoyable right up until the ending.  At which point I was astonished and suddenly did not like the movie anymore.  Some movies just shouldn't end like this, and this movie was one of them. Two stars for keeping me in my chair, but nothing more, the ending completely ruined it.  I'm not sure I'd recommend this to anyone.  It's just a very "blah" movie.  I could have definitely lived without seeing this.  A whole bag of popcorn and two hours of my life wasted that I will never, ever get back.     