 Threads of Fate is one of the few games that I have found myself playing over and over again, to the point of memorizing it, and still having fun with it.  You start the game by choosing between one of two very different main characters: Rue, a boy with a mysterious past who goes through the game in an almost tragic way; or Mint, a spunky girl who goes through the game with a fiery passion. Both Mint and Rue are after the legendary relic, Dewprism, for two very different reasons.  With the relic, Rue will be able to revive his lost, sister-like friend, Claire; and Mint will be able to get revenge on her younger sister Maya for stealing Mint's right to the throne, and also will be able to accomplish world domination, "baby!" I was a bit disappointed to find that while Mint and Rue are both very different characters after the relic for very different reasons, both games are almost exactly the same.  Both characters fight the same "bosses," and acquire the same items, there is only a few changes in bosses and items between the two games.  The game is still fun because while they are similar in a lot of ways, there is also a lot of distinct differences. For one, the way Mint and Rue attack is very different from eachother.  Rue has the power to transform into past monsters that he has killed, and is even able to use their attacks; while Mint has self-taught magic that expands as Mint grows with experience.  I've always enjoyed playing Mint's game more than Rue's.  Rue's story is very serious and very sad, there is hardly any humor at all in his story, and when there is a little humor, it seems forced.  Mint's story, however, is filled with humor... but not to the point where it becomes annoying or silly.  Mint has a fun character and isn't afraid to speak her mind whenever she feels the need to.  Her story is much more light-hearted than Rue's, which is why I enjoy her game more.  This game is about five years old now, and it shows in the graphics.  While these graphics may have been superb five years ago, technology has advanced very quickly and the graphics in Threads of Fate now seem too simple.  However, the music in this game seamlessly make up for this.  The music is exhilarating, soothing, or powerful; depending on what is happening in the game.  I know that there is a soundtrack somewhere out there, but I have had trouble finding it.  It would be a great soundtrack to own, though!  Overall, I love this game.  It is fun to play through a second time (or more!) and try to uncover all of the secrets.  Defeat both Mint's and Rue's game for a special surprise!  The ending of this game suggests a sequel, but I haven't heard anything about it... I've played this game many times and still love it.  I've found, though, that after you know the "secrets" to defeating the "bosses," then the game suddenly becomes extremely easy to play.  The game is still fun anyway, though.  I would recommend this game to any gamer looking for something fresh and fun!     