 This is one of the first cameras I have ever owned, I found that it is a little too advanced for the beginner photographer, but is a great bridge from beginner to a little more advanced.  First off, just let me say how pleased I was with the photos this camera takes.  Great, great quality.  I was even more pleased when I took the photos onto the computer and I blew it up several sizes--the pictures stayed nice and clear. Using full automatic mode, I have read some customers complain about color saturation problems...it's almost as if they are talking about a different camera, because I am experienced no problems like that.  This camera makes very close to real life colors...and, if by some chance, you do happen to experience some sort of color saturation problems, there is a manual override that will work just nicely. The camera is very easy to handle all of the features.  It's not confusing at all, even for the more of a beginner photographer.  There is only one thing that I am going to have to complain about concerning the camera functions...  The shutter speed, I thought, was way too slow.  This camera seems so advanced that you would think that the shutter speed would be fairly fast...but it's not.  You have to hold down the shutter for a few moments before the picture finally takes.  And when it does take, it takes several seconds for the picture to save...  I found one flaw in the camera design--the location of the flash.  It's on the top on the very left hand side (left hand side when the lens is point away from you).  It's a weird place because in order to hold the camera properly, you have to lay your finger right on top of the flash.  Which is just fine, when you are not using the flash, but when you do want to use the flash you will want to put your finger right on top of it, because it feels comfortable to do that.  However, you can't use the flash if you do that!  So, then you will probably result to putting your finger on top of the silver band around the lens, but that won't work either because your finger will be in way of the flash.    The location of the flash is the only camera design defect that I have come across, though.  Otherwise, this is a nice camera that takes really splendid pictures.  I'd recommend this camera to the beginner photographer passing over to an intermediate photographer.  If you are looking for a compact camera, this is a pretty good compact camera.  It gets great pictures, and is pretty much compact.  Although, it is not completely portable, it's a little bigger than a lot of the compact cameras out there...but, you have to keep in mind the megapixels that you are getting.  5.0 megapixels, and lots of features.  A very nice camera, I am quite pleased with it.  Although, the flash defect has led me to looking for a new camera, because I just find that defect a little too hard to over-come.  Other than that, I enjoyed this camera.     