 While watching this, I found myself thinking, "Wow!  This is one of those rare moments when I am really grateful for the 'fast-forward' button!"  Seriously, the movie itself was good, but you'll find that more than half of the movie is just watching the back of some kids' back.  Literally.  The camera follows one student around for what seems like an eternity, then when that finally ends, it just goes on to some other kid to follow, or the camera remains motionless while a bunch of people pass in front of the camera.   One scene that really just gets me is when the camera is situated in the far back corner of a gym, and for what seems like hours, you watch a girl cross the gym floor.  Nothing else happens, she just takes her time crossing the gym floor... Does that really create atmosphere?  Maybe.  Sort of.  Kind of.  Not really necessary, though.  And, like I said, I used the fast-forward button a lot.  Not so much because the film itself is boring, but because those many scenes where you are literally just watching a kid walk can get kind of tedious--and you do not need to watch a kid walk all that time, you will understand just as much about the kid walking fast-forwarding as you will watching it at its' normal speed.  Near the end, the movie really kicks up.  I couldn't leave my chair, it was just so interesting.  There was this one guy, though, near the end, that they introduce...I never really understood why he was introduced because he is only in for a short amount of time and literally adds nothing to the film.  This film just does some strange things like that, that don't always make sense.  It does sort of add atmosphere, though.  Overall, I would give this movie three stars for story and atmosphere...but just a few minutes into this movie, the same old camera techniques are used over and over again, that it just gets tedious, and you will be thankful for the little "fast-forward" button on your remote control...which is why I decided to give it two stars.  To sum up, nice story, nice climax...just very repetetive.     