 I was babysitting when I saw a copy of this movie in the very, very back of the kids' movie shelf.  I grabbed it and thought to myself, "Hey! Why is this in the very back?  I used to love this movie when I was a kid!"  I eagerly turned it on, expecting to be filled with a nostaligic feeling enjoying the movie... But boy, was I ever wrong!  I can see now why they had that movie in the very back, hidden away from all eyes so that no one will have to suffer sitting through it.  The movie was fake and way too fast.  Think about it, the beginning Thumbelina is wishing how she can find a love, then by some strange coincidence Cornilious appears who just happens to be the prince, who just happens to fall in love with Thumbelina.  Then you see the two of them go on this flying ride (I found myself comparing it with Disney's Aladdin's flying carpet scene) on a bumblebee and they sing how much in love they are, and are practically engaged by the end of the night.  So...they spent what, not even an hour together before "falling in love"?  Sheesh...is that a sign of laziness or rush? The animation got to me, was it really that bad?  When I was a kid I didn't remember it being that bad.  I think you'll notice it the most the scene after the little "Bumblebee" ride when Thumbelina looks up longingly after her prince...you can tell that the artists were really going for a delicate, graceful, soft feeling there, but...it just came off as tried-too-hard-and-didn't-work-out. I was going to give this movie a one-star review, but I can't deny that when I was a kid I used to love this movie...this is an example of how kids view things differently, a lot of reviewers reviewing this movie are saying "My kid loved it."  Okay...well...how come none of them are saying what they, themselves thought of it?   Another reason why I didn't give this a one-star review was because of the music.  My, my, my...how did they get Jodi Benson to do this degrading role?  She's worthy of Disney film voices, she's beyond this.  Barry Manilow provides much of the song scores!  That's definitely a plus, the music in this film is cute and charming for the most part, but comparing it to Disney is a mistake.  "Let Me Be Your Wings" is considered by some to be as good as Disney's best...I do hope that no one really thinks this, that is such an insult towards Disney. I will have to say, however, that the music is catchy.  The song with the beetles was just priceless.  Thumbelina looked very lovely dressed up as a beetle and the song brought excitement to the film.  Not really necessary, though.    To sum up, it's a cute film...but also very odd.  What was the point of this?  Why did Bluth make an attempt at this?  Your child may enjoy it, I know I did when I was a child, but take a second look at it and you may just see it for what it really is.    I've heard that Thumbelina by Goodtimes is pretty good, nicely made, wonderful animation, and beautiful music, I would recommend that you check that one out instead of wasting two hours of your life with Don Bluth's Thumbelina.       