 Hype is one of the most startling games that I have ever had the honor to come across - I found myself pleasantly surprised by it.  I must admit, I wasn't really too sure about this game at first, I mean it's a game made by Playmobil - a company that makes those lego-resembling toys for young children.  What kind of game could you possibly expect coming from this children's company?  I have nothing against Playmobil, just for record, I find the Playmobil toys to be some of the most impressive children toys out there.  The attention they pay to detail in the toys is just amazing, and you can see the reflection of this detail in Playmobil's Hype: The Time Quest.  The graphics are not perfect, I'm not saying that at all.  But I love that they don't lazily throw something together.  Take, for example, the time when Hype is to get into a battle in front of a whole arena of people.  Typically in games I find that the creators of the game do not give the audience faces, all of the people are the same just duplicated. But in Hype you'll find that the audience all look different, I'm sure that any Playmobil fan would have a fun time trying to recognize the faces of the Playmobil characters you see in the audience.   This leads me to another aspect of the game that is impressive - the characters.  The characters are so loveable, so funny, so unique.  I can recall even the very minor characters in my memory because they were just so unique.  Usually in video games I do not even bother to talk to the town people because they usually say the same thing; which is usually telling you what you have to do next - but this is not the case in Hype.  Some characters will scream at your presence, some will welcome you, some are complete lunatics that just make you laugh.  The only flaw character-wise that I see is that the character that you play as, Hype, never talks.  You never really get to know his personality because he never says a single word and doesn't really act out anything in the short movie clips that there are in the movie.  Some people would view this as a good thing because it shows that YOU are Hype, and Hype's personality is YOUR personality.  I find this to be annoying, though, I want to know who Hype is.  Hype could never be my favorite character in this game because we don't really know who he is.   Some games have such impressive storylines that the only way to show these storylines is to have a bunch of those movie clips, and very long movie clips.  Hype, however, has a pretty unique, interesting storyline yet does not put in all those tedious, long movie clips. Basically, the storyline in Hype is that the evil Black Knight rained in on their parade, Hype tried to protect the king but ended up getting sent back in time where the game starts and you have to find a way to get Hype through all of these obstacles to eventually bring him back to his present time and defeat the Black Knight. (a very basic description of the really quite impressive storyline)  To introduce this storyline there is a beginning video, but it is not long and tedious.  None of the movie clips in the game are.  You will find yourself run into a good amount of these movie clips but you will never find yourself thinking, "Gosh! Is this movie over yet?! I want to play!"  The game has a very good balance between movie time and gameplay.  I love the movies, they can be quite humorous at times and are just really full of lively fun.   There is a good balance in the audio levels.  The music does not over-power the character's voices or the game's sound effects.  Yet, it is not so quiet that you can't hear it.  Bringing me to another stunning quality - the music.  I absolutely loved this music.  It matched the story so well and really brought you into Hype's world, it made you feel the emotions that Hype and the other characters were feeling.  I would love just to get this music on a CD, it's so tranquil at times, so joyful at others, it's just really impressive.   The age level for this game, at first glance, looks as though it is more suited for the younger audience.  When I first saw this game I had instantly assumed it was for the ages 5-10 or something of that sort.  For that reason I wasn't even sure whether or not I would like the game.  However, a good friend of mine talked so highly of it that I was persuaded to at least give it a try (and many thanks to my friend for telling me about the game).  You'll find that the game is not really for the younger audience, though.  Sure, the graphics and lack of anything gory makes it seem like a game best suited for the younger audience; but I quickly found that the game has a more broad age range.  The language used is what really got me thinking about it.  It doesn't use innappropriate language, no not at all, but it uses a language that younger children would not understand.  I am a highschool student and there were even a few words that I didn't really know exactly what they meant.  I'm not saying that the game is hard to understand, if you're playing the game you don't really need to understand it all, I'm just saying that it seems like the creators made the game for a broad age range.  Children will enjoy the game because of it's adventures, the charming characters you encounter, and the challenging - but not OVERLY challenging gameplay.  Teens will enjoy it because of the challenge and the puzzles, the character interaction, the music, and the gameplay itself.  Adults will enjoy the game for the same reasons and approve it for younger children because of the lack of gore in the game.   Overall, it's a very nice game.  I thoroughly enjoyed myself while playing and plan on playing it through many more times to come.  If you are a fan of action-adventure games then I highly recommend this game to you.  It's a real refreshing breath of air compared to the more common, gory video games that you see today.     