 This book focuses on anti-aging more from a scientific and external viewpoint as opposed to a more spiritual and internal outlook. To achieve immortality, one needs a holistic approach, with focus primarily on the spiritual thereby having the opportunity to study, experience and learn from all possible areas since all of life is interconnected.  The authors discuss 4 main theories of aging - the wear and tear theory, the neuroendocrine theory, the genetic control theory and the free radical theory, while making mention of various other theories as well. The middle part of the book focuses on various drugs & supplements like melatonin, DHEA, hGH, thyroid, estrogen and progesterone, testosterone, minerals like chromium, selenium and magnesium, and anti-oxidants like vitamin C, E & A, beta-carotene and CoQ-10. They discuss their effects on the body, various studies performed, and how it effects aging. They also discuss exercises, a long-life diet and how the mind is the most important factor in aging - including information on meditation, relaxation, breath control, massage and control of thinking. They finish the book with a longevity test, and focus on various individuals over the age of 60, their lifestyles and the extra-ordinary feats they performed. This book with regards to nutrition and mind-over-matter is slowly but surely proving that science is only validating the ancients. Finally this book is missing one of the most important ingredients in longevity - fasting!  Books I would recommend to actually achieve immortality are Linda Goodman's Star Signs and the list of books in the appendix, (she actually instructs on immortality) Game of Life and How to Play It, Secrets of the Soil, The Aquarian Gospel of Jesus the Christ, books by Dr Paul Brunton, books by Vera Stanley Alder, Your Body's Many Cries for Water, Alkalize or Die, the Secret Teachings of all Ages (numerous immortals listed), Bikram's Beginning Yoga Class,  and finally books by Steve Meyerowitz.     