 This is another extremely powerful book that empowers the reader to take control of one's own life. Of the three books I would recommend to people are `Game of Life and How to Play it', `Linda Goodman's Star Signs' & this book. No one can survive for long happily in the material world unless they learn to take care of three aspects of life simultaneously - work, health and family.  In this book Dr. Batmanghelidj first discusses the futile attempts that he has had in bringing out this information through the American Medical Assoc. (AMA), National Health Institute (NHI) and Alternative Medical Conference (AMC). One can truly understand his difficulties when one reads many of the articles published by Nexus Magazine.   While we may know that water is good for us, and that we need to drink 6-8 glasses of water a day, very few of us know why. He explains that water has many important properties in the body - hydrolysis, hydroelectric energy, cell bondage/adhesive material, waterways to transport neural agents and regulation of proteins and enzymes.  A dehydrated body creates drought management system providing water to the vital organs.  This book needs to be read from beginning to end in its entirety. The author takes the reader chapter by chapter as to the consequences of a dehydrated body. He starts with explaining that the body consists of 75% water and the misconception that people have in taking coffee, tea, juice or other fluids to replace water. He moves on to explain the cause of heartburn and eventually ulcers being the inability of the body to neutralize acid due to lack of water; cause of arthritis pain, lower back pain and neck pain due to insufficient water in the cartilage and discs; cause of stress and depression since the brain slows down due to insufficient water for hydroelectric energy; cause of high blood pressure since less water in the body involves the arteries tightening to adjust for the reduced volume in the body, thereby causing the heart to push water through tighter tubes with a corresponding increase in hypertension; cause of high cholesterol in the arteries due to the defense mechanism against the blood from drawing water out of nearby cells, cause of asthma &allergies due to increased histamine production to regulate water conservation within the body; cause of diabetes since the brain uses sugar instead of water as energy thereby shutting off the insulin supply.  He closes his book with the recommendation that water should be taken in  hour before a meal and 2 hours after a meal, plus 2 additional glasses during the day with a daily intake of  teaspoon salt. Warnings are also given to the sick to work with the doctor after reading the book.     