 The Confessions of Felix Krull, published in the year of Thomas Mann's death, 1955,is a remarkable work of humor and satire. It is hard to believe that it was written by a man in his late 70's. The book had its origins in a fragment published by Mann long before, in 1909, even before Death in  Venice, probably his most well known work, at least these days. Perhaps  this accounts for the youthful humor mixed with a wisdom and tolerance that  a man of the world like Mann attained after a long, eventful and thoughtful  life. Felix Krull is a charmer from the earliest age, a knowing  manipulator of his surroundings and even his own body, able to induce  fevers by self-will to avoid the boredom of school and bemuse his family  doctor into acquiescence. Blessed by astonishing beauty that affects all  that come into contact with him and fuels an arrogance and self-confidence  that probably would not be tolerated in someone of lesser grace, he is able  to insinuate himself up the social ladder into the most rarefied social  circles of aristocratic Europe. Through his own wit and the vanities and  susceptibilities of his victims, he brazens his way through the most  delicate situations. While it is not necessary to have a familiarity with  Mann's life and other works to enjoy this book, such knowledge will add  greatly to the fun. There are many autobiographical references and  self-caricatures dispersed amongst the characters who knowingly or  unknowingly are seduced by the irrepressible Felix and some of the  observations and feelings that Felix describes are most definitely those  that Mann himself strongly felt. Recurring motifs throughout Mann's works  find expression here. Most striking is the identification of Felix with the  Greek god Hermes, here in his aspect of god of thieves. Look back to Death  in Venice and see how Mann uses the god Hermes in reference to Tadzio,  especially at the end when Aschenbach lies dying and Tadzio as Hermes, the  messenger of death, beckons in the waves. For who is Felix but a more  grown, more self-aware Tadzio? But instead of death, Felix brings smiles.  After all, as he is quick to point out "Felix" means  "happy."     