 It has taken me two months to read Caracole. It deserves every minute. The book deserves the readers closest attention. White is the consummate master of language. Much of the imagery is exotic, dreamlike and even nightmarish. Every sense is evoked with startling specificity. You need no  cyber-gadgets to experience virtual reality if you absorb this book and let  it unfold in your imagination.Of Edmund Whites novels, Caracole may be the  most accessible to the reading public at large. It has a clear and  impressive plot and a set of characters as arresting as Dickens. But as in  every White novel, the words and the images they create are foremost. The  language is hypnotic in its power. White commands the broad range of moods,  shifting them with disturbing abruptness or lingering within one to delve  into its deepest recesses.  Most strikingly conveyed are the wonders,  terrors, mysteries and curiosities of youth, the overpowering initiations  of body and mind that shatter the realm of childhood. White invents a  vocabulary for the inarticulate that is all the more powerful for its  metaphorical exactness.Unlike Whites other novels, Caracole is not a  first-person narrative. By using the omniscient third person, White is able  to probe deeper into the interiors of his characters. This device also  allows him more scope for apt epigrammatic observations, particularly about  youth, middle age and the relations across that divide. Caracole has been  called Whites "cross-over" novel. The characters are  heterosexual and the plot evolves in large part out of the consequences of  their appetites. White describes the female body and the male and female  experience as exquisitely as any writer of his stature. Reading Caracole  after having read The Farewell Symphony, the last novel of his  autobiographical trilogy, however, gives one an entirely different  perspective. Some situations and characterizations are virtually identical  in each novel though appropriately translated in time, place and gender.  This juxtaposition enhances Caracoles intrinsic humor and correspondingly  deepens its pathos. It also underscores our common humanity, regardless of  our orientations.Those who appreciate the power of the word should  experience Caracole and try all of Edmund Whites novels.     