 Inventing the Middle Ages is a behind the scenes view of the development of an academic discipline over the course of a century, the 20th Century. The author,Norman Cantor, is a distinguished participant and  observer, who unquestionably loves his subject, the Middle Ages, to which  he has devoted his life and career. He makes no claim of objectivity. He is  passionate about the men and women who created and shaped our beliefs and  images of the Middle Ages during the 20th Century. He knew and knows many  of them intimately as people and portrays them as very fallible human  beings.  The great names of medievalists known to all of us, CS Lewis and  JRR Tolkien, and those known to those of us who studied the subject in  college, such as Maitland, Panofsky, Huizinga, Southern and Bloch, to name  only a few, are brought to life, warts and all. Their thoughts, their  methods, their habits, their appearances, their prejudices, their heroic  and cowardly acts in the face of war and persection and all the other  aspects of their lives and works are vividly painted. Many of these  professors turn out to be unforgettable personalities, such as the Jewish  Nazi sympathizer, right wing assassin and dandy, Ernst Kantorowicz, who  managed to tear himself away from the protection of his friend Hermann  Goering and leave Germany at the last opportune moment in order to make a  comfortable career for himself in the US under the color of refugeedom. As  odious as his political views and behavior might seem, his genuine and  lasting contribution to our understanding of the medieval monarchy is  explained and respected by Cantor.   It is a tribute to Cantor that even  after reading about Kantorowicz's great and good friend Percy Ernst  Schramm's participation in the Nazi regime and his chillingly smug memoir  of Hitler published long after the war (and still in print), that one still  can see the value of Schramm's earlier Utopian analysis of the reign of  Holy Roman Emperor Otto III and regret that there is no English translation  of this classic after more than 70 years. Academic warfare and  empire-building are indelibly described. Yet through it all we never lose  sight of the actual contributions to their discipline and our world of  these distinctive and distinguished individuals.  Most touching of all is  the brief, eloquent and sad memoir of Cantor's mentor Theodor Mommsen, the  only major non Jewish German medievalist to reject Nazi Germany.  It  would help to have some knowledge of things medieval. Some of the more  abstruse underpinnings of genres of historiography such as Panofsky's  formalism remain murky, at least to this reader. Sometimes Cantor's bile  gets spilled a little too bitingly as in his snide remarks on the work of  John Boswell, the late Yale historian of gay medieval life. Nevertheless  this is a major work that should be read by anyone interested in the uses  of history and how is it that our understanding of the past depends in  large part on how we view the present. Its defects are far outweighed by  its virtues. This is one of those books that make you want to go forth and  read more deeply and that is what counts the most.     