 Wow really? Hard evidence? Thought it would be worth a read... I have to revisit this review yet again...  Behe is pushing pseudo-science, nothing more. Why pseudo-science? Well isn't it funny that Behe actually states that some of the biochemicals could have evoloved, without question, but then raises concerns over others, which are too complex, or are part of a cascade of biological systems which would fail without a crucial component. Yet, come-on Mr. Behe, if you can actually accept any form of evolution, then the debate is itself over... you are just quibbling over minute as-of-yet unknown details. This whole Intelligent Design movement is NOT science. Science is testable - an hypothesis MUST be verifiable. Otherwise, it is merely CONJECTURE. Behe contributes to a muddied mess that poses supernatural process (leaving the question itself therefore unanswered, ie - a natural explanation for phenomenon). Then muddling its claims with evolution, Intelligent Design cannot create any hypothesis that are testable. If I proposed a molecule that is irreducibly complex, and evidence emerges that it could have evolved by gene duplication or some other process, and I can write it off as a product of evolution and move the whole argument back to the earlier molecule - just what is my claim? My hypothesis?.  Am I just standing ground that I know will be surrendered at some point to knowledge? BAD SCIENCE MR. BEHE. Behe himself toys with pushing Intelligent Design all the way back to the very beginining of life. He even speculates in this book that the very first cell may have been created with all the complex networks of genes that were used in different organisms. Our own genetic pseudogenes (genetic information carried that no longer can produce a protein) match closely with those of chimpanzees, but not at all with flower petals, leaves, rattlesnake venoms, etc. Uhhh, Mr. Behe? If what you were saying were true, why don't I have the genetic material to make spider's silk? Whoops. Maybe you want to revise this all and just give us some date - like say some 4000 years ago, The Intelligent Designer stepped in and began orchestrating biology. Rubbish. Intelligent Design utterly fails because it abandons the central quest of science. "If you are allowed to postulate something complicated enough to design a universe intelligently, then you've sold the past," explains Richard Dawkins (The Blind Watchmaker). "You've simply allowed yourself to assume the existence of exactly the thing which we're trying to explain... You're simply not providing any kind of explanation at all." In other words, if we are going to claim that a totally unknowable, unverifiable, supernatural being is the source of all natural phenomena, then all we have done is said "The natural world is unknowable, unverifiable, and supernatural."  Does anybody actually believe that would be classified as scientific thinking? Lovely, the last time homo-sapiens embraced this thought we refer to as "The Dark Ages."     