 Come on George, what's your problem?  You can try like crazy to make it appear that you envisioned the entire series of star wars when you made the first movie, but clearly you DID NOT. So instead you make liars of all but Darth Vader in the movie, which is ironic. I was shocked back when I saw you had changed the title of Star Wars to Episode IV a new hope... and realized that you would be spinning up numerous movies predicated upon greed, both at the box-office and in merchandise.  I love the way the new set LOOKS seamless with the new movies... but then again, I DON'T REALLY CARE MUCH FOR THE NEW MOVIES. Why not? Because rather than inventing something new, you try to build upon the old. But then, in the final analysis, all you can do is go back and revise the originals. Trying to make a story consistent which is not. Little subtleties like Obi Wan lying to Luke about his father. Clearly that was the real story - but you realized that it made for a far less exciting Empire Strike's Back, so you have Darth tell him that he's his father, and set about creating this sequence of changes.  I am surprised you couldn't spend all this energy on creating a separate and exciting adventure, that has nothing to do with the old characters... what a colossal waste!  Even with all your revisionism you can see that the stories still don't line up, the inconsistencies are too great - and the final tragedy is that of having the Queen of Nabu, or Nabu itself, never go back and purchase Annikan's mother's freedom. Like she, or the Jedi counsel, or Amadhala, would not of just went and bought her. But then, there wouldn't have been a movie right? You had to struggle to concoct a reason for Darth Vader's story, and try to pack the theatres for another three movies.  I wish the original movie, in it's unaltered form, could just be released. But, then, it is too revealing not of the special effects of Hollywood, and their state at the time, but rather it is too revealing of George Lucas' greed in revising the story.  Too bad, and what a waste of money.     