 First let me say this - I first read Dune in 1973, and still consider it one of the best novels ever written. Frank Herbert's vision of a future is perfect and unflawed by the common focus of science-fiction upon technology - Herbert by contrast puts his book firmly in the minds of his characters. If you haven't read it, I highly recommend doing so. When I saw the mini-series DVD I was pretty excited. I always felt that the David Lynch movie did not do justice to this greatest-of-books. I purchased it on the spot, and set aside a weekend to enjoy it to the fullest. It does have some bright spots, to cover first. The coverage is much better this time out - nice development of the plot, no strange devices being manufactured to speed things along, development of Feyd (the guy who could have been emperor). However, there are some pretty damaging aspects here as well. Paul, the hero of this story, is portrayed by some petulant chip-on-the-shoulder, whining little brat of an actor. This is the man who would send a Jihad across the entire universe? This is the one who would discover the very meaning and significance of presience? This actor was such a horrid choice that it continually interferred with my ability to enjoy the movie. Lady Jessica, the heroine and very shaper (and manipulator) of bene gesserit breeding, is portrayed by someone who should be selling biscuits in a Hugh Grant film. Some of her lines had me rolling on the floor, she was so terrible, and so utterly unbelievable. Stilgar? How'd you get so chubby out in the desert? How on earth did you become so lethargic? You were supposed to be tall, lank, wiry, and very dusty. You embodied the fremen in the book, the defacto desert warrior you are. Instead, you look like the chef on a cruise ship Oh and Channi. My goodness she was terrible. I realize she may have been struggling with the English language, however all of her lines were so tortured that I would wince when she would speak. No wonder they didn't even cover her on the casting notes. Undoubtedly she has returned to her day-job. BAD CASTING! Now I realize that it is expensive to get good cinematographers, and rent the panavision equipment, but alot of this has to do with art direction and lighting as well. But this part lacked continuity the most. Some scenes, like the banquet, were shot wonderfully. Others, like everything in the desert, or the seitches, was just awful. The cheesy lighting gave away the cheap sets, the plasticity of the still-suits, the painted backgrounds. Overall, one is left with the feeling of television. Now, on the other hand, I must admit that this is probably the finest television out there. Of course, from my point of view, television is awful anyway (haven't owned a tv since 1981). I give it 3 stars for trying to stick to the story, and trying to have some character development. However, when I come to the last problem of the movie, I fear I am really overrating it. William Hurt is the most wooden superficial character actor of all time. Casting him as Leto was laughable. People would be willing to die for this guy? His son would seek vengance on a universal scale for this guy? The David Lynch film is rife with problems - a demonic baron Harkonen, a nearly non-existant Feyd, huge gaps in the story, funky technology not in the book, but after viewing it immediately after this mini-series, we all had to agree it was a far superior film, despite its brevity and deviations from the story. However, as the story goes, the David Lynch film did have Herbert as a consultant.     