 I wasn't terribly disappointed, but I didn't have exceptionally high hopes.  The "real" first Star Wars movie was a swashbuckling action fest, with heroes daring to rescue a princess, a bad guy with a great sonorous voice (and bizarre religious convictions), and a swaggering renegade smuggler with his furry compadre; it was sci-fi at its very best, and of the like never seen before. It was totally unexpected.  The problem with prequels is that for the first part, we already know how they will end. With Star Wars III, we know exactly how it will end, before seeing a single frame - all Jedis but Vader, Obi Wan, and Yoda will die. Padme will die giving birth to Luke and Leah. Annakin will give himself over completely to evil, Senator/Chancellor Palatine will become the Emperor, and Vader and Obi Wan will have the final fight where Vader will be forever scarred and crippled, to live in his robotic suit. And, that's pretty much what happens. The movie settles all scores, and we can all say we've seen it.  The bigger question to me is this, "Do we really need to see it? Does that make it any better?" I would say no - I had no need to see Annakin go in to the temple sanctuary to slaughter all the child Jedis. What exactly was the point? Nor did I need to see the killing of the Jedi heros. Why bother?   If you are the type that wants to drive slow by an accident, then this is the 5 car crash, with bodies and gore by the bucket. In Lucas' attempt to seal our hatred for the Villains, he has made this film inappropriate for any child under 15, or maybe older. It is stuff like this that make our society more callous; for some reason I expected more from the man, who painted such a hopeful future in his child-friendly Star Wars: A New Hope.  Personally, I am sorry, and a bit ashamed with myself. I used to know very well that some things are better in a story left to the imagination. But Lucas has appealed to the voyeur in us all, and we are drawn to see this happen, even though we know the story, and know it can only end one way.  So, how well was it executed? Haydn's acting was much better, to which I was great relieved. Ewan's acting was excellent, and Padme hardly got a line (though she delivers the best line in the movie, "So is this how liberty dies? With thunderous applause?"). But the story seemed constricted, and every scene that was not a fight, a chase, or CGI, seemed affected by the outcome. It was like going through the inescapable motions of doom, with the characters barely able to scrape up real emotion or belief in the lines they deliver quite tersely, as they trudge along to their bleak destinies.  But, as I said, I wasn't terribly disappointed; this is what is to be expected.  I loved the effects, I loved the fight scene, and for a short time I even loved Palatine, for exposing the frailty of Jedi belief, and having them reckon for their pompous self-righteous rhetoric; the type that leads to putting people like him in power to begin with. But Annakin killing the children made my heart a stone for both him and the Emperor, so Lucas won out in the end. There were my bad guys, the good guys were clearly still the good guys, and all that was left was to see the showdown fight, and Annakin putting on his black armor.  If you're a big fan, and you feel compelled to know, and your imagination cannot serve up a bigger, better, and more hopeful version, then I suggest to go.  There is one ray of light for me - now hopefully Lucas can turn all this technology and money to something new for a change.     