 the Return of the King concludes the exciting story of the fellowship of the ring.  It offers more excitement and suspense as well as several surprises.  Tolkien consistently stretches the reaches of imagination, and he always provides logic and reason so that his story makes sense and follows a consistent stream of creativity. As I read the rings trilogy, I found that it was helpful to have seen to the movies to help picture the events, characters, and surroundings. Of course, the movies made much more sense after reading the books, but I found reading the books more enjoyable than the movies. I am really glad that I decided to read them at a friend's suggestion.  The Return of the King offers much more than the movie version.  There is much more to the story here that the movie did not reveal, so readers will be very pleased to find additional events.  Additionally, the book takes different turns than the movie.  Tolkien offers characters that inspire, teach, warn, and revulse the reader due to their goodness or evil.  This book involves romance as well.  One of my favorite characters is Faramir.  He is revealed as a warrior and leader possessing great integrity and courage.  In this book, Tolkien reveals the true character of the King as a healer as well as a fighter and leader.  This book has all of the insight into human behavior and personality as do Shakespeare's plays.  I was sorry to reach the end of it.  It was as entertaining a book as I have read. Tolkien is an excellent writer. This book along with the others is intelligently written. It is not just kid's stuff. It is stimulating reading. He tells a great story filled with complex characters and plots. The story follows a logical and understandable path that sparks the readers full imagination and range of emotions. There is no let up in the action at all in the concluding book and like the others there are surpises around every turn. If you liked the movie at all, you will indeed enjoy the book, especially if your one criticism of the movie is that it didn't make sense. The book will fill in the gaps and will cause you to appreciate the movie much more.     