 While meeting with a friend at Barnes and Noble, I shared with him a recent experience I had that caused me considerable disappointment and grief.  After listening to my story, he disappeared for a few minutes, and when he returned he set a book on the table and told me I had to read it. The book was The Journey of Desire by John Elderidge.   	I took my friend's word for it and read the book.  He was right!  I did need to read the book. I do not recall ever reading a book that seemed to speak directly to me as this one did.  If prior to his writing this book, I had sat down with Elderidge and shared specific details of my life with him, I do not think he could have written a book that speaks to me more than The Journey of Desire does.   	In The Journey of Desire, Elderidge delves into the mystery of redemptive life in a fallen world.  He speaks to the disappointment and disillusionment that Christians experience as we try to live the life we desire and have known only in our dreams.  He writes, "We all know the dilemma of desire, how awful it feels to open our hearts to joy only to have grief come in.  They go together.  We know that.  What we don't know is what to do with it, how to live in this world with desire so deep in us and disappointment lurking behind every corner."(23)    Elderidge teaches the reader to examine his or her heart and to discern whether there is still hunger and thirst for the heart's desires or whether grief and disappointment have caused apathy and complacence. The book works to resurrect the God-inspired heart's desires that we all possess.   Elderidge reminds us that the greatest enemy to holiness is not passion but apathy.  He wants to help us direct our passions toward God and away from the many temptations in the world that serve to anesthetize and pervert our desires rather than fulfill them. One of the biggest lessons that Elderidge expounds upon is that no matter how hard we try to find life in the things of this world we cannot.  We cannot create or design the perfect life that satisfies all of our heart's desires.  Elderidge writes that we must receive that abundant life from God. The journey of desire is also the battle of desire.  The battle is to guard our hearts, to keep our passions alive and pure, and to focus our desires on the Creator.  Elderidge counsels us to remember that we are eternal people.  Jesus went away to prepare a place for us.  It is not here, and we must refrain from trying to create our place here rather than being eternally-minded. The book teaches that some Christians may have retreated from seeking, asking and knocking for the fulfillment of desires; instead, they are suppressing, numbing and distorting desires in a futile attempt to live without pain, grief or disappointment.  The path Elderidge suggests we take is one of trust.  Elderidge encourages us to trust God enough to faithfully ask him to clarify, intensify, and satisfy our heart's desires. Elderidge emphasizes the true nature of our eternal relationship with Jesus.  He writes that it is a love affair; it is a romance that will find its fulfillment only when we find our fulfillment in paradise. Because I believe that much of what is true for me is true to some extent for most if not all Christians, I can sincerely say to you that I believe you need to read this book.     