 Attention Parents! How Would Jesus Raise a Child? written by Teresa Whitehurst Ph. D., might be just what you are looking for to read.  It raises the bar for Christian parenting books.  Dr. Whitehurst captures the essence of the character and teachings of Jesus and skillfully applies them to parenting. 	 Dr. Whitehurst is a clinical psychologist currently working in research on leadership at Harvard University.  She has a background as a therapist who has worked extensively with families.  She is also a mother of two daughters and has balanced parenting, work and pursuing her education. 	 The value of the book comes from her applying the lessons from Jesus' life to the issues parents and children face. She draws from her clinical and parenting experience, education and research to identify the challenges that parents must overcome. 	 A reader might infer from the title of this book that the author is attempting to take advantage of the "What Would Jesus Do?" trend in the Christian culture.  This is not the case however.  Dr. Whitehurst has written a book that truly answers the question of how Jesus would raise children if he were a parent today. 	 She examines his way of life, his relations with his family, disciples, strangers and children.  She looks well beyond the scriptures that speak directly of parenting and looks to the heart and soul of Jesus. 	 How Would Jesus Raise a Child? consists of two parts: "Our Inner Growth Comes First" and "A New Paradigm of Guiding Your Child;" each consists of five chapters.  Dr. Whitehurst  focuses equally on the parent's care for self and on parenting strategies. 	 This is not another parenting book that offers a list of expert opinions and rules to follow that may or may not be the best thing for a child.  Dr. Whitehurst bases her instructions on the need for parents to express the same love, compassion, gentleness and teaching style that Jesus embodied during his three years of ministry.  As Jesus emphasizes the importance of service to his followers, Dr. Whitehurst writes, "Service is at the heart of parenthood." 	 Each chapter in the book presents a balance of insights and lessons from Jesus' life, Dr. Whitehurst's clinical expertise, and other writers and teachers.  Throughout the book, Dr. Whitehurst also offers comparisons between parenting and living like Jesus and parenting and living like the world.  She illustrates quite a contrast. 	 Perhaps my favorite chapter is "Encouraging Your Child's Potential."  In this chapter, Dr. Whitehurst shows how to teach, inspire and discipline children while also giving them the freedom to find their own identity and passions.  She sums up the importance of providing positive support to children, "Since children tend to view God much as they do their parents, showing an interest in them boosts their confidence that God too is on their side and wants them to fully develop their unique gifts.  And this may be the most important lesson of all." 	 I appreciated the several times when Dr. Whitehurst shared successes and failings from her role as a parent.  Her honesty contributes to the overall empathetic and consultative tone of the book. I don't think you will find a guide to Christian parenting as significant as How Would Jesus Raise a Child? So, if you are interested in raising your children as Jesus would, then definitely read and reflect on this book.     