 For those of you who have an appetite for suspenseful and gripping novels written from a reality-based Christian perspective, you will want to indulge yourself with Mission Compromised. Written by Oliver North and co-author Joe Musser, Mission Compromised takes the reader on a journey of intrigue, suspense, honor and betrayal.  It creates a roller-coaster ride of emotions for the reader.  North hits a home run with his first novel.  I was excited to find that it packs the punch of a first-class thriller.   Most readers probably have some familiarity with Lieutenant Colonel North, USMC retired.  You may know him as the radio talk show host, guest on TV talk shows, syndicated columnist, and the central figure in the Iran-Contra hearings during Presidents Reagan's administration.  North was the U.S. government's Counter-Terrorism Coordinator from 1983-1986.  His 22-year military career includes many exploits and awards.  He is also the author of two best-selling autobiographical books. Mission Compromised, although a novel, possesses an autobiographical component for North.  In an interview about the book, North stated that interspersed throughout the novel are events and characters based on his actual experiences.  In fact, Oliver North is an important character in the book.  This historical aspect of the book makes it more believable for readers. I felt many of the same emotions and had the same level of interest while reading this novel as I did while watching the movie Blackhawk Down.  North illustrates the courage and vulnerability of the soldiers in the book and puts a face on the leaders and citizens of the enemy country where they are engaged.  His book shows the decision-making processes of some of the political leaders and beauracrats that often pull the strings on military operations. The title of the book summarizes its major plot: a covert military mission compromised by betrayal, greed and corruptness at the highest levels of government.  The central character is a highly-decorated U.S. Marine chosen to lead a strategic mission into the heart of the Middle East to hunt down and eliminate terrorist leaders.  The mission is jointly-sponsored by the United Nations, United States and Great Britain. As the mission unfolds, North writes about the inner workings of Washington and international politics, as well as the military planning and implementation of a secret operation.  He provides details that only someone with his level of government and military experience would be able to relate.   The military and political action of the book is balanced by a love story of redemption and faithfulness between husband and wife. Throughout the events of the novel, North adds believable and relevant Christian dialogue and interaction.  He doesn't disrupt the flow of action or the integrity of the characters' development to include a salvation message.  His inclusion of the Christian message is seamless within the fabric of the book. Mission Compromised is the first of a three-book series.  This means that not everything is wrapped up by the end of the book.  It also means that there are two more books to look forward to reading.  Despite being book one of three, Mission Compromised does have a definite conclusion and epilogue, so it doesn't leave the reader hanging; however, it does leave the reader with a hunger for more to read.  I hope the second book will be out soon.     