 Who are you in Christ?  Michael Evans believes that the real you in Christ is much more than you have realized thus far.  Beginning with a quote from Disney's Lion King, "You are more than you have become," Evans takes the reader on a journey of discovering the true born again believer.  Evans has written The EncourageMint with you in mind...the you that was, that is and that can be through the redemptive work of Jesus.  He has a you in mind that will shake your complacency, shatter your doubt, empower your faith, and dare you to believe in it.  Evans is the Founder and Senior Elder of Encouraging Word Church located in downtown Charleston.  He also writes a regular column for the Holy City Chronicle.  He describes himself as an expert at discovering, developing and maximizing the potential in people by helping them find, follow and finish their course.  The EncourageMint is a treasure trove of daily readings of faith, wisdom and revelation that flow from God's mind through Evan's pen to the reader.  These devotional readings startled me with their powerful impact.  I cannot help but to place this book on the same level as that famous daily devotional My Utmost for His Highest. Yes, this is that good.    Some daily readings are as short as a brief paragraph, and others are a full page.  They are all purposeful, efficient and meaningful.  Evans writes from a unique perspective.  He introduces himself as a man who has experienced failure-hard failure and has risen from the ashes to help others who have been disappointed and disillusioned in themselves.  Evans is a man who identifies not with the righteous Pharisee but with the humble tax collector, a sinner, thanking God for mercy and grace and rising to follow the Good Shepherd.  He writes simply to the heart of the matter on 366 topics that all begin with "You Are..."    We all know who we are in the world, in our flesh, our weakness, our vulgarity, our temptations, our guilt and shame.  Evans' shows us who we are in our Savior, and it is a much prettier picture.  I encourage you to check it out.  The challenge is to only read today's nugget and not skip ahead to tomorrow and the next day and the next day, etc.     