 Jesus has effected and transformed America since its inception to our post-modern culture, and America has continually transformed its image of Jesus since the Puritans brought their image of a stern, authoritative God to its shores and Thomas Jefferson cut and pasted his own version of Jesus.  This is the claim that historian Stephen Prothero explores in his remarkable new book American Jesus: How the Son of God Became a National Icon. Prothero, Chairman of the religious department at Boston University, takes an historian's approach to the dynamic relationship between Americans and Jesus during the past three centuries.  Prothero writes, "Jesus may be `the same yesterday and today and forever' (Heb 13:8), but American depictions of him have varied widely from age to age and community to community." He takes the reader through the stages of Americans' transforming view of Jesus--not the "historical Jesus" or "living Christ" but the Jesus of American culture.  Prothero offers an enlightening and encyclopedic tale of how Americans' image of Jesus has been effected by popular writings, artwork, preachers, church movements and even political figures.  There is much fodder for Prothero to dissect as he notes the Library of Congress holds 17,000 books about Jesus, twice as much as the second most popular subject (Shakespeare). He artfully shows how generations of devoted Christians have emphasized different character attributes of Jesus such as his role as ultimate judge, his feminine, motherly qualities, his manliness, love or friendliness. Prothero focuses on several books and artworks of the 20th century that emphasized Jesus' manly qualities in response to the ubiquitous feminine likenesses of Jesus from the preceding century.  These rugged representations of Jesus led to the view of him as a "man's man" who could excel in church, business and war.  The popular cultural image of Jesus then evolved into the "hippie Jesus" of the Jesus freaks who took Jesus with them as they hitchhiked and sang across the country during the sixties and seventies. Prothero discusses how in the late seventies, Ralph Kozak's Jesus Laughing portrait spread the image of a joyful savior for the first time and opened the doors to a seeker-friendly church environment void of the gloom and doom messages of sin and hell. The history lesson illustrates that not just Christians have related to Jesus in America and influenced this cultural icon.  Prothero closely examines the images of Jesus among Jews, Hindus, Buddhists and black leaders of the civil rights era.  Prothero's writing reveals the tension among American Jewish leaders regarding Jesus' Jewish heritage and how Hindu leaders have reverenced Jesus over the last century. American Jesus also follows the history of the Mormon Church as it has progressed from the eastern shores through the Midwest and to Utah before expanding throughout the country.  Prothero offers an educational assessment of how Mormon leaders have also transformed their view of Jesus since its inception, so that now they see themselves as being a church of Jesus that has disavowed many of its controversial peculiarities from a century ago. This book shows how people allow their own needs and personalities, as well as popular culture, to inform their perceptions of Jesus.  Prothero tells us that in this country the sacred and the secular are inextricably intertwined and religious people continually try to find the balance between the two. Readers will find that American Jesus is a well-researched, provocative account of Jesus' place in America.  Prothero closes by anticipating a new American debate about Jesus as Mel Gibson's movie The Passion promises to raise new awareness of Jesus.  By Prothero's account, it will not create the first American controversy generated from images of Jesus in popular art and culture.     