 Are you one of the many people searching for more signs of heaven here on earth?  In Rumors of Another World, Philip Yancey, the prolific writer of Christian non-fiction, aims to help readers grasp the reality of the heavenly kingdom ruled by God. 	 Yancey offers a contemplative, intelligently written commentary of the tensions between the spiritual and the physical, heaven and earth, good and evil, the seen and the unseen, and faith and unbelief.  The book flows steadily as Yancey cogently addresses topics that fall into three main categories: 1) What are We Missing? 2) Signs of Disorder, and 3) Two Worlds.   According to Yancey's note, he writes this book for people who live in the borderlands between belief and doubt.  In the book, Yancey thinks aloud to answer questions such as "Is the visible world around us all there is?" Yancey describes himself as being, at times, a "reluctant Christian, buffeted by doubts and `in recovery' from bad church encounters."  For himself and the readers, he explains why he believes in Jesus and the invisible spiritual realm. I have not read a contemporary Christian writer that incorporates such a plethora of references as Yancey does in this book.  Highlights include quotes by C.S. Lewis, Thomas Merton, Milton, T.S. Eliot, Einstein, William James, Blaise Pascal, and many more poets, philosophers, authors and saints.   Perhaps the most effective reference covers several pages devoted to the story of John Merrick, the Elephant Man.  Yancey discusses Ashley Montagu's poignant book, The Elephant Man, illustrating how Merrick remained a gentle, compassionate human despite the brutal treatment he received at the hands of most of the people he encountered during his brief life.  Yancey uses the story to show how heaven reveals itself in the most unusual places, where we least expect to witness the divine.  Yancey emphasizes other points by interspersing similar analogies throughout the book. Yancey draws on his experiences in nature from around the globe, his interactions with people in the United States and other countries, and his positive and negative interactions in churches.  These stories combined with the many references serve to elucidate Christian perspectives on day-to-day activities and on spiritual conundrums.  One of the most intriguing chapters compares the world's versus the Christian's attitude toward sex, and another looks at the conflicting ideas of the "good life." Although the book fails to deliver a crescendo, it coherently provides logical reasons to believe in the substance of the Christian worldview and, most importantly, in the presence of a loving and caring God. I think Yancey's writing is a gift to modern readers so that we might see past the titillating distractions of our world to the eternal spiritual realm.  Yancey draws from many impressive thinkers to articulate a persuasive defense of the gospel.  This book is ideal for the skeptic and the fundamentalist, as it serves to strengthen a reader's faith and to soften his or her heart.     