 In Thinking for a Change, John Maxwell targets readers desiring to reach a higher level of success in their professional and personal lives.  He proposes that in order to make this leap readers take prescribed steps to improve and enhance their thinking skills. Maxwell bases the principles discussed in Thinking for a Change on his assertion that the one thing that separates those who go to the top from those who never seem to get there is good thinking.  In the book, he strives to teach people how to think well in order to achieve their dreams and reach their potential.  He emphasizes that this book does not try to teach the reader what to think but how to think. Maxwell discusses the value and impact of improved thinking and then concentrates on eleven thinking skills that he believes lead to success.  The eleven skills include creative thinking, strategic thinking, possibility thinking, and unselfish thinking.  Maxwell culls ideas, stories, lessons and quotes from various sources including his own previously published books, books by other authors, magazine and journal articles, and a plethora of great and not-so-great thinkers. What Thinking for a Change lacks in originality, it compensates for with excellent organization, flow and many practical suggestions to stimulate growth in thinking. I think Maxwell uses this book as an example to the reader of how effectively we can learn from others and apply their knowledge to our lives.  In the book, Maxwell offers several snapshots of his professional and personal experiences, so the reader can see how he and his organizations have prospered by using these strategies. Thinking for a Change is written for the general business market.  It lacks spiritual analysis in regards to thinking and does not discuss many of the biblical issues related to the mind.  Readers will have to look elsewhere for these insights.  Maxwell does offer useful thinking methods to incorporate into your days, weeks, months and years to improve your effectiveness. I think Maxwell makes a poor decision in focusing extensively on Jack Welch, the former CEO of General Electric, in the opening chapter of the book.  Maxwell cites a story about Welch and encourages the reader to follow his advice to achieve a higher level in one's career and personal life.  Those of you familiar with Welch know he reached the pinnacle of success in his career, but his success has not carried over to his personal life. As a Christian professional, father and husband, I am looking for well-balanced models of success.  Maxwell's highlighting of Welch as a role model disappointed me and may have gotten me off on the wrong foot in reading this book.   Regardless of that criticism, I benefited from reading Thinking for a Change and believe that anyone who reads it will also benefit from each of the eleven lessons on thinking.  It is a book that inspires review and study of its main concepts and lessons.     