 Matt Redman leads the worship band Soul Survivor and has written several popular worship songs, including "The Heart of Worship," "Better is One Day" and "Let Everything that Hath Breath." The Unquenchable Worshipper however is not a book about music or song writing.  It is about worshipping God and the attitude and posture of worship. 	Worship music stands out as a key factor in church services today.  When we discuss churches, we ask about the praise and worship music--the songs, the band and singers.  We want to know how long praise and worship lasts, how loud it is, whether people dance, clap their hands or stand quietly. 	In this book, Redman takes the focus of worship off the external issues listed above and focuses on the heart of the worshipper.  He guides the reader into the understanding that worship is not something Christians do only during a church service, but worship is what we do when we're alone, at work, or at play; worship is how we live our life before God.  This all sounds obvious, and maybe it is, but the book helped me by reminding me of some principles of worship and teaching new perspectives on worship. 	Redman recites a story from his experience as a worship leader in his church.  The pastor and leaders of the church agreed that the congregation was missing the purpose of the worship time; they were becoming distracted by the environment and were failing to enter into God's presence.  The pastor decided to remove the music, the sound system, the band and worship leaders from the service for a season. 	Redman writes that after initially being discouraged by the awkwardness of the change, "we soon began to learn how to bring heart offerings to God without any of the external trappings we'd grown used to.  By stripping everything away, we slowly started to rediscover the heart of worship." (103) 	From his reflection during that time, Redman wrote the song "Heart of Worship."  The song indicates Redman's view that true worship pours from the worshipper's heart to the heart of Jesus.   	The Unquenchable Worshipper does not delve into complex issues but attempts to lead the reader into an honest examination of his or her relationship with God.  I think it does this successfully by serving as a mirror to the reader's spiritual condition. 	Most Christians participate in some form of worship of God, usually in church but also in private-maybe even in the car (I've seen some of you driving, and I know your singing along to worship music), but probably few of us regularly consider that we are called to live a life of worship.  This book teaches how to worship God more sincerely and passionately in everything we do.  It is an easy read; it's a small book with short colorful chapters addressing different characteristics of the kind of worshippers God desires. 	I think it will challenge you to make adjustments in your life that will help you draw nearer to God and experience him more fully.  It is definitely a worthwhile read.     