 You must fight for your life, because whether or not you are aware of it, you exist in the midst of a war.  This is one of the themes of Waking the Dead by John Eldredge.  In it, Eldredge asserts that one of the major lessons of the Bible is that "things are not what they seem."  According to Eldredge, the obstacles and suffering we all face are the result of humanity's enemy battling for our hearts.  You have not blown it and God has not let you down, but this enemy daily attempts to prevent you from living in the glorious fullness of your redeemed heart, writes Eldredge. In Waking the Dead, Eldredge argues that God has redeemed our hearts, made them good according to his image.  He also argues that most people fail to live up to their heart's redeemed state.  Waking readers from the dead is about lifting them from the mire or status quo of their lives up to the level of the Spirit-filled life illustrated in the lives of believers in the New Testament. Throughout this book, Eldredge expands on a quote by the early Christian writer Irenaeus, "the glory of God is man fully alive."  The problem, Eldredge says, is that Christians succumb to the pressures and emotions of this world and to the lies of Satan and fail to experience the abundant life. Through a plethora of references to scriptures, quotes, and to stories and movies such as The Lord of the Rings Trilogy, Wizard of Oz, The Matrix, The Perfect Storm, and The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe, Eldredge shares eternal truths of redemption and glory to illustrate the state of Christians in this world.  He also shares many personal stories that relate how God has worked in his life and through his ministry. The emphasis of Waking the Dead is on four streams that Eldredge believes bring Christians to the abundant life to which God has called them.  These streams are Walking with God, Receiving his Intimate Counsel, Deep Restoration and Spiritual Warfare.  He expands the discussion of the four streams with a chapter focusing on the needs and blessings of Christian fellowship. Eldredge is trying to show readers that a closer relationship with God is available--a relationship bringing deep healing and freedom.  In this relationship, the Christian can finally reach his or her full potential, becoming fully alive and bringing glory to God. Waking the Dead also includes a chapter offering specific prayers designed to help the reader experience the four streams.   In Waking the Dead, Eldredge reaches deep into his soul and spiritual reservoir to share insights and references that will help the reader see his or her place in the heart of God.  He comes to his points from so many different angles that he is sure to hit his mark with most readers.     