 This is an action oriented tale that is pure entertainment. It unfortunately does not offer any character development of the main characters. We never learn much about them at all, little background or relationship information.  Once you read the first page; it takes off from there on a fast-paced at time frantic tale. The story is based on a historical conspiracy theory that the author takes seriously but that lacks ALL credible evidence. For each assertion, there a hundreds of valid refutations that immediately jump out. The author is making a case that is so outlandish it is beyond being debatable. I did enjoy reading it but had to completely ignore many of the claims made regarding art, history, religion and secret societies due to their lack of credibility. I am really surprised that a book based on such erroneous and illogical claims could have been published at all and then be so popular. If anyone actually is swayed by the story's claims, just look at The Case for Christ by Lee Strobel or especially Josh McDowell's Evidence that Demands a Verdict, among other Christian books that offer evidence for all aspects of Christianity. They offer historical, spiritual, religious, and scientific evidence of the verity of Christianity, as opposed to this book's conspiracy theories. The truth concerning the issues relating to Jesus' life in this book are not mysteries as they are treated here. There has been more research and study of Jesus' life than anyone else in history. If the validity of his story and of the Bible was so ambiguous, neither would have stood against all the opposition to them both. Something built on lies and fraud cannot withstand the violent attacks levied against the early Christians. Besides, this book purports that Constantine initiated a great fraud that caused the Catholic Church and Christianity to be based on lies. Well Christianity was already 300 years old by that time, and the Catholic church is not synomous with Christianity. The author doesn't even address the initial growth of Christianity in the centuries immediately following the life of Christ. All of his logic follows this pattern--extremely shallow and easily diputed. You won't be missing much if you don't read it; if you do read it, you are sure to be entertained but not taught a history or religious lesson.     