 Where does America stand in Biblical prophecy?  According to Michael Evans' latest book, The American Prophecies, America's place in the future depends on whether America stands with or against Israel.  The book's title is a bit misleading.  Evans does not reveal scriptures that specifically discuss America's future or place in God's plan.  The prophecies discussed deal with the nation of Israel.  Evans argues the following regarding America's future, "It is time for us to wake up, but will that awakening be a great or rude awakening?  According to Genesis 12:3, God told Abraham that He would `bless those who bless you, and...curse him who curses you."    Throughout the book, he questions whether America will be a blessing or curse to Israel.  The answer to this question will determine our nation's future writes Evans.  Evans is a Christian minister, author, political advisor and founder of the Jerusalem Prayer Team.  In The American Prophecies, he also writes as an historian investigating the historical relationship between America and the Jewish people.   From President Washington to President George W. Bush, Evans reviews attitudes and interactions with the Jewish people and Israel.  This history is insightful and revealing, even disturbing when considering our lack of consistent support and advocacy for Jews who have been under constant threat during the last century.    Evans writes that America's attempts to act as a friend to Israel and as a partner with Arab countries has placed it "squarely in the eye of the storm of biblical prophecy."  He details specific examples of American Presidents straddling the fence between Israel and its sworn enemies.    He looks specifically at the history of Saudi Arabia and our relationship to it.  An integral part of Saudi Arabia's history is its support and spread of the Islamic sect called Wahhabism.  Evans reveals that this sect believes God approves and rewards the killing of those not following its strict religion.  Since its beginning, Saudi Arabia has funded and supported this religion.  It has produced terrorists that hate Israel and America and are comfortable with killing any it deems as "infidels," even women and children.  Evans is critical of America's history of selling weapons to Saudi Arabia and other enemies of Israel.  This began in 1978 when President Carter initiated the sale of 50 F-15 jets to the nation.  Essentially, America has armed Israel and also those who want to destroy it.  He also criticizes American Presidents who have negotiated with terrorists such as Yasser Arafat who was the most welcomed foreign leader to the White House during the Clinton Presidency while the Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu was shunned from its doors.  He urges the church in America to become earnest in prayer for Israel and America.  He writes that, "As it was with Daniel, God needs someone to agree with Him, pray His promises into reality, and carry out His plan on the earth."  Evans warns readers that the last days are here.  His hope for America is that it will discard its liberal tendency toward globalization and will align itself so closely with Israel that our places in biblical prophecy will be indistinguishable from each other.  He appropriately balances his Old Testament references and emphasis on nationalism with discussing the hope Christians have in Christ.  Evans believes he will return soon to gather believers to himself prior to the tribulation of prophecy.  This, he writes, is another reason for the church to wake up and focus on attracting new believers to the family of Christ, including Jews and Muslims.  The American Prophecies is an important book for Americans to read.  It shines light on the Middle East conflict, the war on terror, the significance of our relationship with Israel, and an important role of the church in our time.      