 Although the holiday bearing his name has become associated with legend and myth, St. Patrick, the man, lived such a life that warrants admiration and commendation from Christians everywhere.  The man behind the myths exemplifies the Christian life of sacrifice, reliance on God, love and passion for souls, and unfoundering hope in eternal life through Jesus Christ. Philip Freeman's book St. Patrick of Ireland presents the life and times of St. Patrick.  Patrick's story is inspiring and astonishing.  It reads like an addition to the Book of Acts in the Bible.   Patrick was born in Britain in the late fourth century to an aristocratic family.  Irish marauders kidnapped him from his home when he was 15 years old and took him as a slave to Ireland.  He labored endlessly for six years before escaping and returning to Britain and his family.   Patrick had atheistic beliefs when kidnapped, but during the course of his slavery he was transformed into a devout Christian, burning with love for Christ.  After several years of religious study, Patrick willingly journeyed back to Ireland on a mission to share the message of salvation with a godless people known for their barbarianism and paganism which he had experienced first hand. Freeman tells the story of Patrick's life from information garnered from the two writings left by Patrick.  These are two letters Patrick wrote from Ireland to Britain that relate significant events of his ministry and life in simple, honest language.  Freeman also references other historical texts and archeological discoveries to explain the culture of Patrick's world. Freeman displays his expertise in Irish history by offering the reader a comprehensive picture of the cultures in which Patrick lived.  Freeman is a professor of Classics at Washington University in St. Louis and earned his Ph. D. in Classical Philology and Celtic Studies from Harvard University.  His expertise in Irish history is apparent by his writing.  He adroitly fills in many of the blanks concerning Patrick's life. This biography illustrates the ordeals and sufferings of Patrick while a slave and while a missionary in Ireland, as well as highlighting his amazing accomplishments.  At every turn Patrick faced opposition from Satan and from men.  Freeman's writing reveals Patrick's closeness to God by emphasizing portions of Patrick's two letters that Freeman interpreted and included in full in this book.   Through Patrick's own words, we see his enthusiasm and love for the Irish.  His words are reminiscent of Paul's writings to the Thessalonians and Philippians.  They are the words of a shepherd about and to his sheep.   In his letter of confession, Patrick writes of his compulsion to preach to the Irish, "I must proclaim my good news, I must pay God back in some way for all that he has done for me here on earth and what he will do in eternity-blessings no one can even imagine...The love of Christ carried me here to be a help to these people for the rest of my life." Freeman's biography of Patrick tells a story of transformation-the transformation of a selfish boy to a Christian man and the transformation of a pagan people to a people brimming with love for Christ.  This story will change your perspective of the Christian life and will give you a reason to celebrate St. Patrick's Day as a day of devotion to God.     