 Everybody's Normal Till You Get to Know Them has everything a reader can ask for in a non-fiction book.  Ortberg presents an excellent balance of stories, metaphors, quotes, biblical teaching, autobiography and spiritual insight.  He adroitly intersperses humor into the writing that will make you laugh out loud.  The variety assures that the reader will get the important message of the book and be entertained. 	 This is an upbeat book about relationships that we have with God and other people.  It also targets how we see ourselves.  The premise is that nobody is really "normal;" we all have quirks, defects and faults that make us very much in need of grace and mercy from God and others.  Likewise, we all need to give grace and mercy to others and accept that all people come "as is" rather than perfect. Ortberg writes, "when we enter relationships with the illusion that people are normal, we resist the truth that they are not.  We enter an endless attempt to fix them, control them, or pretend that they are what they're not.  One of the great marks of maturity is to accept the fact that everybody comes `as is.'" The book is divided into three main sections: "Normal: There's no such Thing, Dear," "How to Get Close without Getting Hurt," and "The Secrets of Strong Relationships."  Ortberg leads the reader to an examination of heart and soul and to open the eyes to the dynamics present in all relationships.  He focuses on principles and truths that are relevant to all people, such as the inevitability of conflict in relationships and the best way to deal with it.  If you want to improve the way you interact with your family, co-workers, church family and people you meet everyday, this is a book that will definitely help. Each chapter is followed by several discussion questions that can be helpful to small group interaction, as well as personal reflection. Throughout the book, Ortberg takes great advantage of Biblical stories to convey lessons about relationships.  He artfully brings to life several Old and New Testament accounts, filling in cultural background and offering theological insights. I think you will thoroughly enjoy reading Everybody's Normal Till You Get to Know Them and will appreciate Ortberg's skill in writing and teaching.     