 Dr. Dwayne Grandison, a highly successful private psychologist living in Los Angeles, struggles to fulfill God's will for his life as he determines how best to use his talents.  His client list includes some of the top music and Hollywood celebrities and professional athletes.  Dr. Grandison is talented, handsome and anointed to counsel people and to bring healing to their lives.  His conflict stems from whether to follow his ambition to be the star of his own television show or to follow his spirit's leading to direct a low-profile ministry at his family's church and avoid the limelight.  On each side of the turmoil is a lovely woman hoping he will see things her way.   Dr. Grandison is the central character.  He enjoys a simple life and desires to have children, but his wife presses him to reach for more of the spoils of success in the world.  She urges him to delay parenthood in order to reach his full potential in his career.  After his wife dies in a car accident, Dr. Grandison finds that two paths diverge before him, and if he chooses wrongly, he may lose all he has gained. In Mercy, Mercy Me, Ronn Elmore writes about what he knows.  Like the main character, the author is a Psychologist and a minister.    His expertise on personal growth and relationship issues is apparent in this novel that addresses the tensions present in relationships between men and women. The story of Mercy, Mercy Me is built on the relationships between the main characters.  Dr. Elmore does an excellent job at developing the characters, so that the reader can identify with them and their desires, dreams, fears and temptations. The reader also will identify with the challenge of being in the world but not of it that the Christian characters face in this novel.  Dr. Elmore impresses me with his skill in creating realistic Christian characters.  He adroitly shows how sincere Christians can stray from the straight and narrow path by deceptive traps and their own worldly desires. In the beginning of this book, the first 20 pages or so, Dr. Elmore tries to say too much about the story and the characters.  I found the initial chapters cumbersome to read; however, before I knew it, the book really started to flow.  It is as if Dr. Elmore started off cold but quickly found his zone and got hot just like an athlete that suddenly breaks out of a slump and starts playing at the top of his game. This novel touches on many challenges that Christians face today while trying to serve God such as marriage conflicts, greed, selfish ambition, sex, sickness, betrayal, time management, parenting and wolves in sheep's clothing.  Dr. Elmore expertly addresses these subjects and more in a very entertaining Christian novel that I think you will enjoy.     