 Anne Rice writes a revelatory exciting account of the unknown years of Jesus' life.  She writes on this delicate topic as if inspired and anointed to write it.  The time span is but a brief window of Jesus childhood...the year of his exodus from Egypt.  The scholarship that Rice demonstrates in her writing is on par with any of the scholarly books I have read about the life & times of Jesus.  She weaves a beautiful strand that illustrates the culture, religion, conflicts and politics of the time of Jesus birth and early years.  Her mastery of the religious and cultural aspects should please even the most informed readers.  Her sensitivity to the mysteries and revelations of Christianity is amazing for a writer's first book on this subject.  As an avid reader of Christian books, I am extremely impressed and pleased with the almost revelatory illustrations of Jesus' struggles and thoughts as he learns who he is and what his life might mean.  Rice writes in the first person from Jesus' voice in a way that upholds the character and person of Jesus conveyed in the four gospels of the Bible.  And her creative biography presents a Jesus that all readers will identify as congruent with the Christ that is worshipped by Christians.    If you want to know Rice's perspective in writing this book and what she has based her characterization of Christ on, then read the Author's Note before begining the narrative.  In it, she discusses the scholarship that prepared her for writing this book and her own journey of faith that led her to do it.  This book brought thoughts of Jesus to me that I had never before considered...such as how he learned his identity, how the story of his birth effected his relationships with others, how he reacted to the news of the murder of the children following his birth, and how he demonstrated the power of God during his childhood.  These are just a few of the things Rice tackles in this book.    I wish a book like this existed for each year of Jesus' life.       