 This book shines a light on the truth behind the myths of the pharmaceutical industry.  In a well-written and simple expose, Dr. Angell writes quite an indictment against some of the larger drug companies who are deceiving the public, bilking the taxpayers and buying favorable legislation while offering very little in the form of innovative and helpful products.  Dr. Angell devotes chapters to the myth of research and development costs cited as reasons why drugs cost Americans so much.  She shows that most innovative research takes place at taxpayers expense and then profits the drug companies.  She shows how drug companies deceive consumers with bait and switch practices, deceptive advertising, and high prices.  A chapter focuses on the shady ways that drug companies "pay" doctors and hospitals to prescribe their drugs over better and cheaper alternatives.  Of course, much is devoted to exposing the cozy relationship with between pharmaceuticals and Washington that leads to legislation favoring drug companies and sticking it to taxpayers.  I think the information in this book should be known by everyone who is consistently taking prescribed medication or visiting doctors who treat patients by prescribing the latest product.  According to the author, about all doctors are influenced by the marketing and gifts of the drug companies, and that influence effects the treatment patients receive--for better or worse.  Readers will also learn how drug companies get drugs approved with relatively little solid testing of the drugs efficacy and safety.  Dr. Angell does not cite many successes in patient care or positive attributes of the pharmaceutical industry (I assume there are some).  She focuses on the negative practices that are hurting consumers.  We are influenced in one way or another by the propaganda of the drug companies.  It is important to hear the other side of the issue by someone as informed as Dr. Angell.  This book is a tool to equip yourself for better health and advocacy.       