 I have read and reviewed The Jesus I Never Knew and Rumors of Another World by Yancey and loved them both...See reviews on those pages.  However, I was completely disappointed with this book.  There are few pages on which Yancey does not accuse and condemn the church for various imperfections.  He uses several stories to show how the church lacks grace.  Several of these include non-Christians accusing Christians of lacking grace.  Yancey seems to side with any who condemn Christians for what they deem as "ungrace." One example is an addicted mother of a 2 yr old girl who has prostituted the girl for drug money.  She states she did not go to a church because they would make her feel bad.  This story opens the book and is referred to several times to show how bad the church is.  Similar stories reminded me of the statement of Jesus that sinners avoid the light because they love the deeds of darkness not because the church lacks grace.  I know the church is not perfect, but it is the only body of Christ, and I love it, despite its faults.  Yancey pummels the church over and over.  He also advocates what seems to be an acceptance of sinners (except Christians who sin in their zeal for righteousness) without any demands to conform to Christian principles.  Grace AND Truth come through Christ.  Yancey illustrates his "grace" by writing about marching with his friend in a gay pride parade and supporting him as he leaves his wife and family to purse a promiscous gay lifestyle.  Yancey goes far beyond loving and accepting all people as Christ does to embracing them in their lifestyle without bringing them out of it.  He also never defines grace or paints a picture of it.  His book creates a picture of a vague sentimentalism that is unwilling to define good & evil behavior. He writes more of mercy and forgiveness than grace.  I did not have a much better understanding of grace than I did before reading this book. What I did have was a bad taste in my spirit from his negativity toward the Church.  I think the only Christians he complimented for their sincerity and faithfulness were Bill and Hillary Clinton.  This book varies little from what I have read from non-Christian writers like Wayne Dyer, Marianne Williamson, Dalia Lama, Harold Kushner, Deepak Chopra.  It conforms more with cultural trends than with the Bible.  Of course, alot of other readers have loved it, and I have certainly enjoyed his other books, so I may have missed the point. I would welcome feedback but my advice is to skip this one.     