 According to Marc Gunther's new book Faith and Forutne, blaring headlines indicting corporate leaders for their greed, selfishness and deception overshadow a positive trend among American businesses that is gaining momentum: "Corporate America is changing for the better."    Gunther, a senior writer for Fortune magazine, has written extensively in the past about corporate social responsibility and faith at work.  Faith and Fortune, grew out of a 2001 article in Fortune entitled "God and Business: The Surprising Quest for Spiritual Renewal in the American Workplace." He writes that this article generated much more response than his previous 60 articles.  Gunther discovered a movement among businesses to place greater value on spirituality and social responsibility.    In this book, he investigates the drivers behind the presence of faith and values in the workplace and the initiatives occurring as a result.  Gunther does not endorse or focus on a particular religion or faith tradition.  He explains his approach to writing Faith and Fortune, "Faith provides the fuel that energizes these people as they strive to do business better.  Some have faith in God.  Others do not.  But all of them have faith in the goodness of people, faith in the possibility of change, and perhaps most surprising, faith that corporations can become a powerful force for good in the world."  Through the profiles and conversations that Gunther presents, he shows that living by spiritual values and practicing social responsibility have become good business in America.  Gunther begins his look at faith and business with the historical profile of J.C. Penny.  Gunther writes about how Penny's Christianity informed all of his business decisions from day one.  Penny serves as an example of how a leader can combine faith and business for lasting success and goodwill.  Readers will learn about Tom Chappell who, along with his wife and a $5000 loan, started Tom's of Maine in 1970 to "Do what is good for people. Do what is good for the environment, and make money doing it."  In 2003, Tom's of Maine sold over $35 million worth of healthy, natural products while practicing capitalism with a heart and soul.  Gunther illustrates how Herb Kelleher, inspired by his faith and a desire to change the way airlines do business, created Southwest Air, the most successful airline to date.  His practice of servant-leadership has helped change corporate culture globally for the better.  Some of the other corporations shown to be doing good as well as earning profits are Timberland, UPS, Hewlett-Packard, Herman Miller, Starbucks and Staples.  Some began with values-driven founders who instilled the business with their faith and philosophies.  Others like Staples and PepsiCo are changing their approach to environmental and health concerns based on the feedback of the community and a growing conviction among their leaders of their responsibility to do good.  In a few of the cases profiled, the values applied to the workforce may seem in contrast with conservative Christian values as they promote non-Christian spirituality or corporate benefits for same-sex partners.  Throughout the book however, Gunther effectively illustrates how people incorporate their beliefs and values into business to do good for all.  He does not address whether their beliefs are right or wrong.    When analyzing the best practices of the businesses or leaders he profiles, his writing skills and business acumen shine.  He covers almost the full spectrum of perspectives by interviewing a variety people, including a priest, a minister and a rabbi.  Faith and Fortune paints an inspiring and encouraging picture of American business that I think the dark clouds of scandal have hidden.  Readers will be thankful for Gunther's efforts and pleased at how he deftly presents the topic.  They can gain a greater awareness of ways their faith can serve God through their businesses and professions.     