 Do you desire intimacy with God?  According to prolific Christian author and Bible teacher Joyce Meyer, you can be as close to God as you want to be.  In her latest book Knowing God Intimately, Meyer teaches that it is you and not God determining your level of closeness to him. 	Meyer is the author of 54 books.  She is the leader of an international ministry seen on television and heard on the radio around the world.  In this book, she demonstrates her teaching strengths that have helped make her ministry effective. 	Throughout Knowing God Intimately, Meyer teaches biblical principles by citing and explaining scriptures, as well as sharing personal stories of her life and ministry.  I think that the artfulness with which Meyer teaches will bring revelation to new and mature Christians. 	The theme of this book focuses on th intimate relationship with the Holy Spirit that God desires for every person to experience.  Meyer asserts that the Holy Spirit is present with us and wants to be active in our lives on a daily basis.  She works through the scriptures pertaining to the Holy Spirit's relationship with people.  Likewise, she details her growing relationship with the Holy Spirit since he burst into her life. 	Meyer tries to convey to readers a sense of urgency about seeking God.  She writes, "Staying at the same level of intimacy with God can't satisfy us...Much of the dissatisfaction that many people experience is due to a lack of fellowship and intimacy with God through the Holy Spirit.  If you are one of those people, I believe that this book can be a turning point in your life." 	Meyer shows the reader how to develop and nurture a closer relationship to the Holy Spirit.  The reader will learn that God desires for each person to be filled with his Holy Spirit.  Meyer also teaches about the gifts of the Holy Spirit, the leading and counsel of the Holy Spirit and the fruit of the Holy Spirit.   	One of the qualities of Meyer's writing is that she teaches with distinct humility.  She supports several of her points with stories showing her own dependency on the mercy and grace of God.  She does not make any effort promote herself but emphasizes the need to increase one's awareness of the Holy Spirit and His workings.  Old truths are presented with a freshness that will create sparks within the reader's spirit. 	In writing of Knowing God Intimately, Meyer claims, "this book will help you learn how to begin walking in the Spirit and living a life of victory rather than defeat."  Additionally, I think it is an effective tool for helping Christians learn about the Holy Spirit's role in the church.  Meyer teaches how the Holy Spirit endows various gifts to members of the body of Christ to bring about healthy and empowered communities of believers. 	Reading Knowing God Intimately will help individuals enjoy living Spirit-filled lives.  Congregations that study the book will learn how to function with the love and power of the Holy Spirit.     