 Is there a divine plan for health and nutrition that we can follow? Jordan Rubin emphatically says there is in The Maker's Diet. Based on his study of scriptures, health and nutrition, and his own experience of sickness and recovery, Rubin presents a diet and overall wellness plan that he believes lines up with God's plan for healthy people.    The Maker's Diet begins with Rubin's inspiring story of his battle with severe Crohn?s disease. His doctors called his case the worst they had seen. During college, Rubin went from the picture of health to death's doorstep--6'1 and weighing 111 pounds due to digestive problems related to Crohn's disease. Rather than giving up after over a year of sickness, Rubin clung to his faith in God and sought one more solution. The final try was a man who had developed a Biblically-based diet and health plan. This early version of the Maker's Diet saved Rubin's life and led to his complete recovery and healing over the course of several months. He includes astounding before and after pictures of himself that demonstrate the diet's effect.    This experience inspired Rubin to enhance the Biblically-based diet through additional research and create Garden of Life, a health and wellness company.    Rubin's in-depth analysis of the typical American's diet compared to what he considers to be a healthy, nutritious diet impacted me. In the recent weeks since reading the book, I have changed my grocery shopping and eating habits to better follow the book's general guidelines for healthy eating.    Rubin emphasizes the benefits of natural and organic foods in contrast to the nutritional deficits found in processed and engineered foods. He also compares the nutritional value of foods God included in the diet plan for the Israelites versus those excluded such as pork and shellfish.    While he makes no claims that his diet is a "cure-all," he believes "the book was inspired by God and that the practical protocol it contains can greatly improve your health."    The Maker's Diet offers a 40-day diet plan targeting not only weight loss but overall health and disease prevention. It consists of three phases. The general diet is a list of foods to enjoy and foods to avoid during the phases. For example, Rubin encourages readers to enjoy beef but to avoid pork. For all of the food, he recommends natural, organic or free range products for reasons he specifies. He includes sample meals and recipes. His diet also includes regular fasting for physical and spiritual health.    His Garden of Life company supplies many nutritional supplements and products to complement the diet. He recommends some of these but also lists various other suppliers of natural foods and products for the reader's benefit.    Some of Rubin's comments focus on healthcare and exercise. These are not Rubin's areas of expertise. His sincere though pedestrian writing about these topics offers little insight and may do a disservice to readers who follow his advice too literally. At times he seems combative toward the medical profession, as he contradicts what physicians and medical experts would advise regarding medicine, vaccinations and exercise.    He does come across as an expert in nutrition and natural remedies. Although not from mainstream universities, his advanced degrees are in naturopathic medicine, nutrition and natural therapies.    I think The Maker's Diet will benefit all readers who are willing to make changes in their diets. It offers general guidelines and specific programs to follow. Throughout the book, Rubin expresses the importance of his relationship to God and the Biblical foundation to his diet. In addition to his own miraculous story, he includes testimonies of sick people who recovered on this diet and overweight people who lost weight while on it.     