 In The Name, Franklin Graham stands against the religious wave of tolerance and relativity that combats the assertion by Christians that Jesus alone is Lord.  This book centers on the singularity of the name, Jesus Christ.  Graham recounts personal stories, historical narratives and modern missionary exploits in demonstrating the power and effect of the name of Jesus. 	I was immediately intrigued by Graham's experiences in ministering at high profile events.  He shares his thoughts and feelings related to delivering addresses at the Columbine memorial service, the President's inauguration and the memorial service following the September 11th attacks.  He discusses the positive and negative responses generated by his strong stance in declaring the Lordship of Jesus Christ at these ecumenical events.   	Since September 11, 2001, Graham has been one of the few people who have cited on national news shows the stark differences between Christianity and other religions, namely Islam.  In The Name, he devotes a chapter to outlining the contrasts between the gospel of Jesus and the religion of Islam.  His purpose is to provide evidence refuting the suggestion that the religions are similar and share a peace-loving mission. 	Graham's tone in this book is completely evangelistic.  He writes of inspiring stories of missionaries who have sacrificed everything for the sake of sharing the love of Jesus.   These stories demonstrate the power of the name of Jesus in changing individuals and communities.   	As president of Samaritan's Purse, a Christian relief and evangelistic organization, Graham has been involved in relief efforts around the world.  He reports how simple gifts of food, toys and medical care have won hearts to Jesus.   	The stories of people battling hunger, poverty, disease, war and discrimination put life in a different perspective than our day-to-day vision.  Graham shows that a heart of compassion and an outreaching hand can indeed transform lives. 	The Name's aim contrasts some of the messages in the American church today that focus on getting "blessings" from God.  The essence of Graham's message is the reward of giving up everything for God.   	 	Reading this book challenged me to examine my desires, activities and motives.  It is similar to reading the Book of Acts and wondering, "How does my life compare with the evangelists who sacrificed everything for the Name?"     