 I consider Letters to a Young Catholic to be one of the best contemporary non-fiction books I have read, even though I am not Catholic and do not consider myself young anymore either.  Although Weigel, a leading authority and writer on the Catholic Church, targets young Catholics and writes in a conversational style-thus the title, this book mentors all Christians seeking guidance in their relationship with Christ.  Weigel demonstrates a vast understanding of theology, history, geography, architecture and culture, and he orchestrates these topics to share the essentials truths of living the Christian life with his readers.  Letters to a Young Catholic consists of fourteen letters/chapters addressing the key elements that Weigel considers important to modern Catholics and to all Christian disciples. 	 Some of Weigel's writing discusses practices particular to the Catholic Church, but even these apply and are relevant to Christians in general.  Of the Catholic Church, he writes, "while Catholicism is a body of beliefs and a way of life, Catholicism is also an optic, a way of seeing things, a distinctive perception of reality."  In Weigel's view, this body of beliefs and perception of reality is based on eternal truths that are at once both liberating and binding for the believers.	 	 Weigel takes the reader on tours of sacred sites such as St. Peter's Basilica, the Sistine Chapel, the Sepulcher of Jesus and Chartres Cathedral in France.  He uses these sacrosanct sites to share truths and point to the beauty, suffering, redemption, devotion and community found in the Christian story. 	 In one letter, he highlights St. Mary's Catholic Church in Greenville, SC.  He shares the story of the church's priest, Father Jay Scott Newman, and his dynamic relationship with his burgeoning congregation to teach about prayer and the presence of Christ in the community of the church. 	 Another compelling chapter shares an episode from Pope John Paul II's life as a young adult in Nazi occupied Poland.  The young man, Karol Wojtyla, heard and nurtured his calling in the underground catacombs that became a makeshift seminary.  His only other classmate was killed by the Nazis during the occupation.  The future Pope lived a clandestine disciple's life from age 19 to 24 years old.    Weigel dramatically shares this profile of the Pope as an example of the Christian life.  He similarly shares stories and quotes of G.K. Chesterton, Cardinal John Henry Newman, Flannery O'Connor and several other Catholics whose lives touched their own and future generations.  There are no subjects touching Catholicism that Weigel avoids.  He acknowledges the weaknesses and failures within the Catholic Church.  He confronts the abuse scandals, the political/cultural issues about sex, gender, reproduction, and the theological controversies about the Catholic focus on Mary, the mother of Jesus.  On all such issues, he adroitly acknowledges the tensions and then unassumingly states what he believes are the truths so central to the Catholic doctrine.  Even on such a weighty issue as the necessity of suffering, Weigel displays exceptional spiritual insights, along with an uncanny ability to convey his ideas to readers as if he were just writing a simple letter to a devotee.  Weigel writes that "suffering makes us the kind of people who can live with Love itself, without suffering from it or getting bored by it."  He moves the reader's attention to an "eternity of unfolding understanding and friendship and love."  Weigel's sharp comprehension of the Christian faith is identified in his statement, "faith in Jesus Christ costs not just something, but everything.  It demands all of us, not just part of us."  This belief informs his view of Catholicism as a religion that accepts the "really real" view of life in Jesus Christ in which "everything is of consequence, because everything has been redeemed by Christ."  If you are a Catholic or non-Catholic who is serious about your relationship to Jesus and his body-the church, I think you will enjoy this book and benefit from reading it and meditating on its messages.     