 In The DNA of Relationships, Christian author and seminar leader Dr. Gary Smalley offers solutions to some of the key problems that couples face in their marriages.  He offers his book as a response to the high rate of failure among marriages in North America.  He notes that the divorce rate among Christians equals that of non-Christians. 	 Although Dr. Gary Smalley authors the book, he draws on the expertise, lessons and experience of his family and associates that are involved in the Smalley Marriage Institute and Smalley Relationship Center.  His sons, Michael and Dr. Greg Smalley, along with associate Robert Paul, contribute heavily to the substance of the book.  The wisdom learned about marriages from marriage seminars called Marriage Intensives conducted by the Smalley Marriage Institute provide the foundation for the themes of the book.  Dr. Smalley claims that certain recurring patterns in marriages undermine the quality of the relationship and can devastate the marriage.  He calls the most destructive pattern the fear dance.  Dr. Smalley writes that this is a destructive dance that couples routinely act out due to core fears influencing their actions.  Identifying and eliminating the fear dance becomes a primary goal for couples.  Another lesson that Dr. Smalley teaches is that the apparent problem for couples is rarely the real problem.  He advises couples to look beyond the surface and the arguments to the feelings behind the words.  This is a process that he suggests will contribute to better communications and fewer arguments between spouses.  Readers will learn what Dr. Smalley calls the "power of one."  He writes that individuals must learn the power of their own choices, including choices about thoughts, feelings and actions within a relationship.  The power of one includes the responsibility to care for oneself and to take charge of one's life-not giving up one's choice for happiness and fulfillment to another person.  He encourages couples to create a safe environment where both spouses are able to share openly, to be secure and comforted.  Effective communication requires a safe, welcoming environment, claims Dr. Smalley, and this leads to an energetic and vibrant relationship.  An important principle Dr. Smalley teaches in the book involves a win-win attitude within a relationship.  He encourages spouses to never see themselves as on different teams against one another, because a marriage or family is one team.   The only desirable outcome is for everyone to win.  Dr. Smalley argues that within a marriage if one partner loses an argument, for example, both spouses still end up losers in the situation.  Throughout The DNA of Relationships, Dr. Smalley uses many examples from his marriage and his associates' marriages.  For every major point he makes, he offers several illustrative and practical examples for the reader.    Perhaps the most influential chapter in the book is the final chapter in which Dr. Smalley recounts his heart attack and near-death experience that gave him a keen and greater appreciation for the value of relationships.  In this chapter, as in the others, Dr. Smalley reminds readers of the importance of their relationship with God.     