 For decades, many scientists, educators and the media have portrayed the theories of Darwinian evolution and the naturalistic formation of the universe as the products of proven science.  Public schools and universities continue to teach these theories as the exclusive explanations for the formation of the universe, living creatures and human consciousness.  As recently as last month a scientist believing in a Creator was scratched from an NPR program discussing creation, and teachers are still prohibited from criticizing Darwinism or favorably discussing intelligent design theories in public schools.   But is science really backing up Darwin and the spontaneous creation of the universe?  Is belief in God as the Creator of all things consistent with the latest discoveries in science?  Lee Strobel's latest book, The Case for a Creator, attempts to determine and explain whether the arrow of science is pointing in the direction of God or Darwin. Strobel presents solid scientific and philosophical evidence supporting the idea that God as Creator is the only reasonable theory for creation.  Strobel's case is built on information garnered from interviews with several experts in the fields of biology, physics, cosmology, astronomy, biochemistry and the human mind. Strobel's latest book follows the patterns of his previous books, The Case for Christ and The Case for Faith.  In all three books Strobel creates a narrative of investigative journalism delving into the mysteries in question. The Case for a Creator begins with Strobel providing an introduction to the conflict between theories of Darwinian evolution and intelligent design.  He gives his own history of buying into the godless theories of creation hook, line and sinker during his years in high school and college.  It was his faith in these theories that led him to accept atheism as a reasonable approach to life.  His later investigations into the evidence for Christ and faith led him to reject atheism and to accept Christ as Lord and Savior. The premise for this book is found in a quote by Stephen Meyer, Ph. D, one of the experts interviewed by Strobel.  He says, "Science and faith are not at war.  When scientific evidence and biblical teaching are correctly interpreted, they can and do support each other.  I'd say to anyone who doubts that: investigate the evidence yourself." The Case for a Creator invites readers to investigate the evidence.  Strobel lays it out for you in as readable a manner as I think possible.   Critics claim that Strobel sets the table in favor of a Creator by interviewing only experts who believe in the Creator rather than other theories.  It is true that he does not interview any atheistic scientists, but he uses many of their arguments to query the experts he interviews.   In fact, he regular quotes Darwin and his supporters.  He quotes several other opposing scientists such as Stephen Hawking and Stephen Jay Gould.  Strobel presents many of the theories opposing theism.  What becomes clear while reading this book is that many educators and researchers are committed to keeping God out of the equation at all costs, even at the cost of clinging to outdated and imaginative theories of creation. Strobel gives his readers plentiful ammunition to attack the theories espoused by the evolutionists and atheists in any arena.  As he shows, the holes in atheistic theories require much more faith to fill than is required to believe that an intelligent God created all things according to Biblical truths.     