 I hope there is more to look forward to in heaven than meeting five people who will try to explain the significance of my life.  This is the experience of Eddie, the 83-year old widower who dies and goes to heaven in the Five People You Meet in Heaven.  At the time of his death, Eddie is a "squat, white-haired old man, with a short neck, a barrel chest, thick forearms, and a faded army tattoo on his right shoulder." Albom introduces us to Eddie and informs the reader that he is about to die.  Eddie is in charge of maintenance at the Ruby Pier amusement park.  He spends his days, as he has spent most of his adult life since coming home injured from World War II, making sure the rides run safely for the many visitors to the park.  After a brief countdown of events in the beginning of the book, Eddie is killed by a broken ride after rescuing a little girl from certain death. We then learn about Eddie from three separate narratives.  One is the story of Eddie in heaven meeting the five people God has chosen to help him understand his life.  Interspersed throughout these scenes are flashbacks to several of Eddie's birthdays during his life that reveal his interactions with family and friends.  Albom also takes us to events from Eddie's life that are associated with the five people he meets.  Meanwhile, we see the events that follow Eddie's death at the amusement park. The first person Eddie meets in heaven describes the roles of the five people he will meet, "Each of us was in your life for a reason.  You may not have known the reason at the time, and that is what heaven is for.  For understanding your life on earth." In helping the reader understand Eddie's life on earth, Albom presents a spiritual story but avoids religious or theological issues.  This story centers on the afterlife and on relationships we develop during the course of our lives.  The condensed message of the story is that each person's life matters, even when one is ignorant of his or her impact on others. Eddie views his life as having been wasted and of little significance to anyone.  What he learns in heaven is the opposite.  During his life, he suffered several tragedies that have caused him to overlook the contributions he was making to those around him.  He looks at his war experience as having been particularly detrimental to the rest of his life.  In heaven, his Captain from World War II and a little girl show him the truth about what happened in the jungle of the Philippines during the war. Albom succeeds in writing an entertaining, imaginative narrative that provides a positive, inspiring message.  The message, however, lacks spiritual insight and is narrow.  It fails to address many of the issues that a story about heaven causes to arise.  For example, God plays only a distant role in Eddie's experience in heaven, and Albom does not address good and evil.  His version of heaven is pure fantasy. The five people Eddie meets challenge him to accept his life and himself so that he might enjoy peace and contentment in heaven. I think most readers will find the Five People You Meet in Heaven entertaining and thought provoking but will gain little insight from it.  The story should be read as what it is--an imaginative, enjoyable fable based on the author's fantasy rather than on any theology about heaven.     