 Philip Yancey's book The Jesus I Never Knew reminds me of the chorus of a contemporary worship song, "I'm coming back to the heart of worship, and it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus."  The Jesus I Never Knew is all about Jesus. Yancey writes not as a mere scholar penning a textbook about Jesus; although his scholastic competence outweighs all but a few Christian writers I have read, he writes as if he were leading a small group discussion about his hero Jesus.  For each topic concerning Jesus that he addresses, Yancey stimulates the reader by drawing from personal stories and insights, quotes from historians, philosophers and other Christian writers.  He asks provoking questions that aim at the heart of our Christianity.  The reader cannot avoid examining his or her own relationship to Jesus. Yancey's tone is genuine and informal, never condescending or too theological.  The impression I had while reading the book is that Yancey truly wants to know Jesus and wants to reader to know Jesus even more.   The Jesus I Never Knew is divided into three sections: "Who He Was," "Why He Came," and "What He Left Behind."  Within each of these sections are three to six chapters.  Each chapter covers particular stages, events, accomplishments, sacrifices or lessons of Jesus.  The book never dwells on a peripheral subject or tangent; from cover to cover, Yancey centers his attention on Jesus. In the opening chapter of the book, "The Jesus I thought I knew," Yancey confesses that he tends to write as a means of confronting his own doubts.  The doubt he confronts through this book is whether the Jesus he worships and imagines is in fact the true Jesus or a distorted image of Jesus created by a combination of heretical religious doctrines, cultural idiosyncrasies, and self-serving opinion.  The reader cannot help but to confront the same issue, and it is a question all Christians should ask from time to time-perhaps everyday: "Is the Jesus I know the true Jesus?" The uniqueness of The Jesus I Never Knew is due at least partially to Yancey's background as a professional journalist.  He currently serves as editor-at-large for Christianity Today magazine.  He delves into the life of Jesus as an investigating journalist searching to uncover clues showing the truth.  In doing so, he expands upon the accounts of Jesus' life found in the gospels and offers perspectives stemming from the times in which Jesus lived and the people around him in relation to his words and deeds.  Due to Yancey's prominence in Christian writing and speaking, he possesses a keen awareness of the trends in Christian churches today regarding views of Jesus. He challenges some of the attitudes of today's Christians in an attempt to realign the reader with the true Jesus of the gospels and his teachings. In the book's last chapter, "The Difference He Makes," Yancey conveys the essence of the book, The story of Jesus is the story of a celebration, a story of love.  It involves pain and disappointment, yes, for God as well as for us.  But Jesus embodies the promise of a God who will go to any length to win us back.  Not the least of Jesus' accomplishments is that he made us somehow lovable to God (269). Yancey's book will help you fall more in love with Jesus.  It reminds me that Jesus is exactly who I want my Lord to be.   	If you enjoy reading "The Jesus I Never Knew," you may want to consider reading other books Yancey has written especially the award-winning "What is So Amazing About Grace."     