 I have absolutely no idea what I would have done without this book, or  what I would have gotten on the test(probably too horrible to think about).   Do not even think about getting any other prep book for the AP Computers  Exam without getting this one first(unless Barron's or Princeton Review  decides to come out with one, but even then...).  I started studying about  six days before the actual test.  After being fed up with my horrible  teacher(never reviewed and did absolutely nothing except play computer  games the two months before the test) and REA's horrendous prep book(never  get...see my review on its page for the reasons why), I armed myself with a  print-out of the 100 page or so case study released by the college board,  and this book.  For some miraculous reason, I not only passed, but I passed  with a four.  Pretty good for six days of learning a year's worth of  material huh?=) But anyways, since you're interested about this book, and  not me, here are some wonderful reasons why this book is so absolutely  wonderful -  1. Everything is explained so clearly and nicely.  No  complex wording, no flowery speech, just what you need to know. 2. It's  brief, concise, and to the point. 3. Its sample questions basically teach  you what tricks you need to watch out for, and believe me, there isn't a  trickier AP test out there in terms of the multiple choice part. 4. The  sample tests are harder than the actual AP test.  This was the first AP  test that I had ever taken and I was totally nervous for it.  But once I  started working on it, I was like, wow, this is just like what was in the  book, only easier. 5. In terms of my test, there wasn't a subject covered  on the test that wasn't in this book nor was there a subject in this book  that wasn't on the test.  That's how accurate it was. I cannot say enough  how helpful this book was.  Maria Litvin, you're seriously the best!   Anyone who's taking the test and isn't familiar with the material on like a  professional level or something, needs this book!     