 This is an outstanding 6 part series. It does deal with vampires as is clearly apparent from the excellent opening credits but the entire concept has been updated to a fully scientific and modern basis on both sides of the conflict. Treatment of the story in this fashion as well as the quality of the acting talent attracted helped the audience to take a show about vampires seriously and attracted a large audience in the UK when it first screened as a result. It bares little resemblance to Buffy the Vampire Slayer (though more so to the main theme of Season 4 of BTVS, when the US government finally takes an interest in the increasingly bizarre things that go on in Sunnydale) but I enjoy both that show and this one for different reasons, don't compare the two as each has different merits. At the time of writing this review, this is supported by the fact that the people who buy these tapes are still buying the Buffy (also an excellent show but a different style of show) boxed video sets in the UK even a year or more after this set was released there.  Episode 1: Habeus Corpus is the best episode.  After an informant turns up dead and his partner Jack (Stephen Moyer) goes missing the night before his wedding, Michael (Jack Davenport) starts investigating his disappearance. This leads to the startling discovery that vampires exist and a secret government organisation is battling them in a shadow war that the public is (mercifully) unaware of. Unwittingly, he finds himself drawn into the conflict as both sides try to use him to gain an advantage over the other side. After an intriguing opening that draws you in, some thrilling action follows and a very explosive finish.  Episode 2: In Nomine Patris  This episode further demonstrates that the battle between the government and the undead is fully grounded in the present day as the team investigates a financial operation that has come to their attention quite by chance and leads to the discovery of some of the plans of their enemy to fight them, both financially and scientifically. Michael also has to deal with the persistent enquiries of his partner's fianc about his disappearance. She won't accept the explanation of the police, another theme that runs through the course of the series and fits well with Michael's personal conflicts over what he now knows about what is going on. Both sides are utilising the latest in available technology and not a crucifix in sight. A suitably explosive climax that even outdoes the one in the first episode.  Episode 3: Sub Judice  A solicitor is saved by an unseen assailant who murders both her attackers. Given the nature of the event and the complete lack of video evidence despite extensive security cameras, the squad is called in. Not a bad episode by any means, in fact it has what is probably the most dramatic and emotional scene in the entire series. The main problem is that it has nothing to do with the overall 'big picture' of the show, which is the ongoing battle between the two sides. In fact, you could actually skip from the end of episode 2 to the start of 5 and not even notice  Episode 4: Mea Culpa  A stabbing in a school ultimately leads to a discovery of a weapon being developed by the vampires to control the populace. Unfortunately, it takes most of the episode to get to this point and most of the episode is mired in investigating child abuse. The weakest in the series and even though a little more relevant that the previous episode on the ongoing theme, you could also miss it and not notice.  Episode 5: Terra Incognita  After episodes 3 and 4 lost some intensity and drifted off the main theme to varying degrees, the show is back to its brilliant best with this episode. After a man who has arrived from Brazil is found to have a mysterious bleeding disorder, it leads to the discovery of further experimentation and some mysterious containers in the plane's cargo. The best scene in the whole show has one of the team trapped in a warehouse and facing seemingly imminent death. For steadily mounting tension, drama and emotion, you cannot do much better than this episode.  Episode 6: Persona Non Grata  Revelations unfold about what the vampires' ultimate goals are. Things finally come to head as both sides converge on Michael, as he may be the key for both sides to achieve victory. Not surprisingly, he is under a lot of pressure from both sides due to his conflicting beliefs and loyalties that are unavoidably in direct opposition. The conclusion is very dramatic and answers a lot of the questions asked but still leaves things open for another series. Unfortunately, to date there has been no news about that so far, though a pilot for an American version of the show has been made with an airdate yet to be determined. With the airwaves currently cluttered with vaguely similar themes (though mostly involving the supernatural in some fashion), it probably means there may not be room for a full blown series of Ultraviolet in any form in the US at this time. As more time passes since this series first screened, a British follow up to this excellent UK series also seems less likely.  Overall, this has been the best show on television for a long time. Using a measured approach and skillful writing so typical of the best British thrillers, they have taken a theme and made it something you will take just as seriously as any other police drama or thriller. The casting has been excellent, with the involvement of such well known veteran talents as Susannah Harker and the Australian actor Philip Quast, a good performance from Idris Elba as well as up and coming actor Jack Davenport.  It is a show that you cannot afford to miss.     