 This is where the television series began and picks up more or less where the movie left off. You can start here, you don't need to have seen the original movie. All you need to know is that Buffy is the current slayer and that a slayer is someone given special superhuman powers that enables them to fight the supernatural in all their forms. Buffy (Sarah Michelle Gellar) has been brought from her old school (in the movie) to the town of Sunnydale by her mother for a new start, unfortunately it turns out that as luck (or design would have it), Sunnydale is built on a gate to hell called the Hellmouth. This sets the premise for the show, in that frequently various monsters are attracted to the presence of the Hellmouth and cause all kinds of mayhem each week. This tape is the first two episodes of the first series. It introduces and brings the major characters together for the first time: Rupert Giles (Anthony Stewart Head), Buffy's new watcher and doubling (as cover) as the school librarian, Xander (Nicholas Brendon) and Willow (Alyson Hannigan), two of the people so far on the outer of the in crowd they might as well be in another solar system and Cordelia (Charisma Carpenter), very much part of the in crowd and someone that the rest of the group continually cross swords with. This two part opener is fairly straightforward, it introduces the Season 1 villain, The Master (Mark Metcalf) who is trapped underground.... ...his henchmen led by Luke (Brian Thompson - best known as the shapeshifting alien bounty hunter from the X-Files) and Darla (Julie Benz)...  This is a great start to the television series and it is amazing how the actors have portrayed their characters so well from the very first episode. It also sets the tone of the show, in that not only is there frequent battles with monsters but also having to deal with high school, classes, the principal and people who just don't like you because you're not in the 'in crowd' at the same time. This tape is a great introduction to the show and makes a great gift to introduce the show to anyone who hasn't seen it before, with a great mix of humour and action. ....  Anyway, as I said these two episodes are better than most movies made and chances are if you like this sort of thing, you will especially like this.  Hopefully, you will also want to keep following the show as it is also actually one of the most skillfully written and insightful shows around at the moment as well. Highly recommended.     