 A follow up to what was probably the best fighting game on the market for the time, Tekken 2, this game doesn't let you down.  The storyline is incidental but for interest, after the last tournament, Heihachi is back having defeated his son Kazuya in Tekken 2. He then throws him into the  same ravine that Kazuya threw him in after Tekken 1. However, Jun Kazama  (from Tekken 2) and Kazuya have gone on to have a son Jin (don't ask me  how) and then Heihachi's company has unearthed some powerful force which  goes on to kill Jun. It doesn't really make a great deal of sense but it is  an excuse for another tournament.  Some of the characters are sons or  daughters of the original 2 Tekken's (ie:they're more or less the same)  though Paul is back (and looking older) and for some reason Nina has been  in cryogenic stasis for 20 years (which doesn't explain why her sister Anna  hasn't aged though). There are some new characters with distinctly new  fighting styles, other new characters have similar fighting styles to  characters they replaced in Tekken 2. The graphics are excellent and are  very close to the arcade version. There is also the added bonuses of having  a number of different game modes and also when you complete the game, this  releases an animated movie sequence for that character, as well as a new  character you can use. A few characters are released by different means.  Doctor Boskonovich (who rebuilt Yoshimitsu) can be accessed if you complete  the Tekken Force option 3 times. It is worth the effort both because Tekken  Force is practically a game in its own right, where you fight armies of  henchmen and an end stage boss (one of the other characters), all against a  fast disappearing time limit. Also, Doctor Boskonovich has a fighting style  quite unlike any of the other characters available to use, so he is worth  getting. The Tekken Force option definitely helps extend the life of the  game with the player instead of if this had just been another Tekken  retread. Also, something you might miss is that after enough characters  have been released, pressing the Start button on Eddy will allow you access  to the character Tiger (which is more or less still Eddy but has his own  animation). All up I think there are 22 characters. You get Gon when,  after releasing enough characters you get and win the Tekken Ball mode. A  few drawbacks, one is that to get most of the hidden characters, you have  to just keep playing and winning the game which despite the excellence of  the game, does eventually start to get a little boring. Especially since  this is what you had to do in Tekken 2 and the games aren't radically  different. As a result, I found myself losing interest sooner than with  Tekken 2. I think it would be worthwhile for a different approach with the  next Tekken where distinctly different things have to be done for accessing  each new character than just finishing the game over and over.  Also,  essentially the game is still 2-D in the sense that the characters still  fight in a line, apart from now being able to side-step (which you couldn't  do in Tekken 2) which has mixed results in evading attacks. It will be  interesting to see if the series will move to true 3-D arena fighting like  Ehrgeiz or Tobal for example. Another small gripe is that the version  I've played in Australia, after the Ogre is defeated, the animation showing  the transformation into the True Ogre seems to have been edited, it simply  shows the Ogre raising Heihachi into the air, the screen going white and  then the next fight starts. I'm sure I'm not imagining this, I could swear  I remember in the arcade that the Ogre actually goes on to  "consume" Heihachi's body and turn into The True Ogre. Why it  would be cut at that point is beyond me, it was not a graphic scene at all  anyway, more bright lights, electricity and metamorphising than anything  else. However though, Tekken and Tekken 2 were the sole reasons I bought  a Playstation in the first place and the only games I have. Tekken 3 hasn't  disappointed as a follow up and there's enough new stuff in the options,  characters and animations to make it worthwhile, even if you've finished  the arcade game.     