 Like a preceding film Highlander, this film has a similar theme. One man sets out to kill his alternate selves to gain an ultimate power. There are 125 alternate universes and Gabriel Yulaw (Jet Li) is from the one which has the means to travel to all others and polices the means of that travel.  He is a former police officer of the Multiverse Authority who has discovered that by killing each of his alternate selves, he becomes faster, smarter and more powerful. His eventual aim is to kill them all and become The One. No one seems to be sure whether he'll become a god or this universe will end, in fact no-one, including Yulaw himself has any idea. It's clearly not stopping him from trying though. Obviously not a man overflowing with brotherly love when he says how his alternates are wasting their potential so he might as well be putting it to good use. Given how disreputable most of his alternates look, he does seem to have a valid point. We see him kill one of his two remaining alternates and then escape the local police before being captured by his former teammates.  He doesn't stay imprisoned for long. Thanks to an exploding rodent (!) he escapes in search of the last of his alternates. This would be Gabe, who is married to a nice vet. He is perplexed as to why he has been getting stronger and faster himself. It turns out that each surviving alternate gets equally stronger as the power is equally redistributed after each death. Yulaw has the jump on everyone else as he knows what is going on and none of his alternates know about him, let alone trying to kill him.  The fighting is very cartoon like, with people being thrown about like rag dolls, heavy objects being thrown about like styrofoam and impossible physical feats such as springing high walls in a single bound. That's the point though, it's deliberately meant to be over the top.  The problem with this very slight film (it is all but over by the 70 minute mark) is ironically that it takes too long to get to what we want to see. A full on hand to hand fight of Jet Li vs Jet Li, as opposed to all the skirmishes where the two didn't really connect up to that point. The fight is extraordinary but it takes its time getting there. In the acting department, no one really distinguishes themselves apart from Jet Li, who does put some menace into Gabriel Yulaw. There are some people in this film we would expect a lot better from. Some of the other performances are actually quite embarrassing in fact.  This is one of those films that it pays not to think too hard about. Since they would have worked out what Yulaw was up to well before getting this far, they should have been able to trap him by then. You'd also think that they'd send more than two men to get him if he was so dangerous. What especially bothered me was that for someone so powerful, they repeatedly manage to capture Yulaw again and again and if it weren't for some fortuitous (and often stupid) events allowing his escape each time, the movie would have come to an even more premature end. You especially have to worry about the people running the whole show with such decisions as to how they decide at the end which of the 2 Jet Li's is their man. I would have also thought that the number of alternate universes would have been a base 2 multiple like 128. Like I said, best not to think of these things too much.  Overall, this film is not as good as it could have been. It failed to really explore the potential of the idea it was based on. Yulaw's fate at the end of the film was intriguing though and it would be intriguing to have seen where that led. I would recommend "Time and Tide" (directed by Tsui Hark - non sci-fi) as a much better action film or The Matrix instead.  They should learn more from Asian cinema. If Jet Li or Jackie Chan had never made it in the US, or outside Asia it would have been our loss, not theirs. They have made some great films in Hong Kong which are worth chasing down (Once upon a Time in China and Police Story 3:Supercop) and the makers of their American films should learn more from them. From a couple of X-Files alumni (James Wong and Glen Morgan) and was originally planned as a vehicle for Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson. Well known fight choreographer Corey Yuen helped create the fights in this film. The extras on the DVD are fascinating, with 3 features about the making of the film, a lot of which dealt with the techniques used to make it look convincing that Jet Li was fighting Jet Li. It's well worth seeing these to get an insight into the complexities of movies that use a lot of special effects.  Not a huge success at the box office, with a budget of $50-60 million and grossing about $44 million in the US and Canada and about $40 million on domestic video rentals. Hopefully for the makers, the film was pushed into the black with overseas takings. Even though I was not overly satisfied with this film, I am a little curious to know what happened next and wouldn't mind an (unlikely) sequel. Will Gabe survive in a world where he has no job and shares all the identifying characteristics of a man declared dead by the authorities? Will Yulaw become King of the Hill?  Not really a very successful as a film but worth a look for the excellent fight at the end and 3 very good features about the making of the film. For some reason we didn't get trailers on the Australian disc.     