 Pay attention to this film or it will leave you behind with the intensity and speed it moves at. Tyler (real life Chinese musician Nicholas Tse) plays, who works at a bar when not for a bodyguard firm. Policewoman Ho-ming and her inspector girlfriend have a fight in said bar one night. It leads to Tyler and Ho-ming meeting, drinking a lot in bars at one end of the street and throwing up on traffic at the other end.  Waking up the next morning in his apartment in bed together is especially bad news, especially since she has a gun. Fortunately Tyler has the sense to get his pants back on before she then wakes up and threatens to shoot him.  Did they or didn't they is the big question and it is answered in short order when the next scene is captioned "9 months later". So, what does this first 6 minutes actually have to do with the rest of the film? Not as much as you'd think despite this being the beginning. The film is not so much about Tyler but his friend Jack (Wu Bai, a Taiwanese musician in real life). He works for a butcher and is married to Jennifer, daughter of a Hong Kong mobster Mr. Hong. He doesn't think much of Jack.  Tyler's firm is given the job of protecting Mr. Hong but things get complicated. Some old friends of Jack's turn up from Brazil and ask him to kill someone. In his past life (unknown to everyone else), Jack was part of this team of mercenaries called The Angels. They kill people for a living and ably demonstrated this while in Brazil, just before coming to Hong Kong. Unfortunately for Jack, the target turns out to be his father-in-law. Jack registers his opinion of this idea later by killing his former boss instead and stealing a lot of money from his former compatriots in a daring hit and following escape. The last 45 minutes of the film are some of the best non-stop action you'll ever see as the Angels attempt to ambush Jack at his apartment. Combat spills over to a pitched battle at Kowloon Station and a nearby stadium hosting a rock concert. Two of the main protagonists fight to the death with guns, grenades, fists and feet above the unsuspecting audience while Tyler tries to deliver Jennifer's baby in the basement and avoid being killed at the same time. You have to feel sorry for Tyler, he blunders into things a lot. He tries to do the right thing for Ho-ming and puts money under her door. She wants him to get lost and her dog eats the money. Her girlfriend puts a dent in his skull.  He tries to do his job. He foils the first attempted hit on Mr. Hong (not by the Angels) and narrowly avoids being shot in a fight with the assassin. All he gets in return is hit for leaving his post and threatened with being fired because no-one saw the fight and the assassin escaped. Clearly out of his league, it's a continuing source of amazement that he isn't killed. Later Tyler temporarily foils Jack's escape (then Jack is forced to beat him up to get away). This gets Tyler accused of being in league with him for stealing the money and being locked in the back of a truck until he confesses to being in on it. This is all (bad) news for him and its getting worse all the time.  Seeing him then break into Jack's apartment with a sledgehammer in search the stolen money, unaware that it is staked out by a number of heavily armed mercenaries is funny. Watching him burst through doors with a fake gun while a heavily armed man hiding inside and snipers outside decide whether or not to kill him is quite hilarious. Tyler goes on leading a charmed life as people step in front of bullets meant for him and narrowly avoids being blown up thanks to everyday kitchen appliances. The acrobatics are amazing and just within the realm of the possible. The fight in Jack's apartment block is a particular highlight. Human agility is pushed to the limit. The combatants fight, run and scramble from building to building on ropes with no visible break from one motion to the next. Each jump,leap, punch and kick flows without a break from one to the next (but not like Crouching Tiger either - different but equal). Things are enhanced by innovative use of "Point of thrown object views" and "Frozen rotational explosion perspective" (you'll have to see what I mean) which add to the experience (and no, they're not ripping off The Matrix, which borrowed heavily from Hong Kong cinema in the first place). Even Tyler who spends a lot of time being swatted like a fly has a lot of agility and athleticism, it's just that the numerous people trying to kill him have the edge on him with that score.  Tyler settles differences with Ho-ming, Jennifer delivers safely, Jack achieves redemption, the guilty are smited and Tsui Hark receives atonement for Double Team and Knock Off. This film was reviewed in Time magazine (at least the Asia-Pacific region) quite favorably and got a cinema/DVD/video release in Australia. Don't think about why Jack's friends didn't kill Mr. Hong themselves. Also they actually speak Portuguese more than Spanish in Brazil (Some scenes are in English and Spanish as well as Cantonese) . Just suspend disbelief, things just "are" in this film. The acting is very good (musicians or not, they do a very good job and I think one of them contributed to the excellent music in this film). This film is close to perfect for an action film and surpassing anything done in the US. I strongly recommend you see this film. Buy it if there's no other way to find it. Hopefully not being remade in the US anytime soon, preferably not at all.     