 Plot: In a revoltion by the village against his father/the King, Enion -- the young Prince and apprentice of knight Bowen (Dennis Quaid) -- is injured. As the injury could be fatal, the Queen rushes him to a dragon with the request of it's healing power. To do so, the dragon must give half of his heart to the Prince (and, of course, he does). Yet once Enion bcomes King, he disregards any teachings of the Old Code from Bowen and becomes a cruel and corrupt young man, bringing only choas to his time of reign. From here, feeling that the dragon is the reason for Enion's rebellion, Bowen vows to slay every single dragon left in existence. But once he comes upon the last dragon left (Sean Connery with vocal duties only, as the dragon is CGI), he finds him impossible to defeat. They resort to friendship instead, and Bowen gives the dragon a name: Draco (after the constellation). They team up, traveling village to village, having Bowen to pretend he slays an evil dragon (Draco) that is inhabiting whichever current village they are working (this humorous scam being done for money, of course). But soon, the past catches up to both of them and they run into the old village now cruelly run by Enion. They, with the assistance of the villagers, decide to over-run Enion and his small army. With the help of Draco, it seems possible. But Enion ends up capturing Draco. Bowen must kill Enion and save Draco, but discovers a connection between the two that makes such a task much more difficult than he'd imagined. I've given most of the plot here, but I won't say too much about this part, because it is indeed the center of the climatic drama. All I can say is that Bowen must choose between two very difficult decisions!  Dragonheart succeeds in not only a humorous and fantastic movie, but also a heart-warming one. The ending (supported by the wonderful score) brought tears to my eyes, and the story is one that will stick with any viewer for quite some time. Although the CGI dragon is a turn-off to some, be assured that for the effects available at the time, these guys used the best. Also, as for the DVD, there are some great special features including inside looks at Draco, the effects, the story, etc. This is an adventure/fantasy film perfect for almost any age and I would certainly recommend at least a rental. If you're into dragons or just fantasy in general, Dragonheart is a must-see!              