 Most people judge this album by comparing it to older Metallica albums -- albums that came out nearly two decades ago. Metallica has certainly been trying newer things for a while, and this is no exception. Some hate this new style Metallica has begun dabbling in. I'm kind of in the middle and not too sure of my opinion...  It should be quite easy for someone to decide whether or not to purchase St Anger. Mainly because it's one of those "If you've heard one song, you've just about heard them all" albums. St Anger is pretty consistant in it's approach: mixing their Load-era hard-rock with a style of heavy metal that's almost nu metal, coming out with a decently heavy sound. With this album, Lars (drums) has quite a bit of fun with the majority of the tracks being mid-tempo -- as he accompanies the various song parts with double-time and half-time variations, never really forcing himself to "stay in one place", yet never really taking off in any different direction. James, Kirk, and the new Rumblin' Rob (guitars, bass) tend to stick in the same place as far as the formula for riffing goes. Most -- if not all -- of this album is in Drop C tuning. New to this guitar phenomenon, they seem like children in a candy store. They never stray too far from the low C power chord (which, for the differences in readers/musicians, I'll consider a "D5" fingering). Plenty of riffs will consist of alterations with the one-finger-fingerings of D5, F5, and G5, and at heavier instances with alterations of D5, D#5, and E5. Then, add in a few "softer" parts of the same key, and you've got enough songs to make this album. Yep, not too much variation -- resulting in the parts of supposedly different songs sounding the same after a while. This is why you should look at this album as a take-it-or-leave-it deal. You won't be buying this CD for one or two songs, and "the rest suck". As I said before, most songs sound the same (and if not now, give it a while and they will).  Now, then, I can't forget James' vocal work/lyrical work can I? Well, frankly, I wish I could. Possibly one of the worst aspects of this album is the lyrical content. James holds up quite well with aggressive/angry vocals -- not quite screaming but getting a rough attitude out of it. His song topics on the other hand influences a "you've-got-to-be-kidding-me" groan from most metal fans. Nearly the entire album is plagued with loosely strung together rantings of perseverance, inner struggles, emotional pain/sadness, and just about any other cheesy rambling that every teen-angst band has already covered. James has been sad and angry for the past few years, and you can certainly tell. In short, he is quite bitchy on this album. Thus putting the icing on this reptitively mediocre cake filled with disappointments. That is, unless you realize what you're hearing is a new band that kept an old name.  In reviewing this, I tried to keep my personal complaints and useless opinions to myself. Yet it is hard not to agree with most reviewers that this album is simply bad. At the same time, I enjoy a few of these songs and I am not going to attempt to run the reader off. There are plenty of people who might enjoy this to it's fullest, and you might be one of them. It completely relies on your taste in music. Regardless, one thing is for sure -- don't judge this album by the band Metallica. They should've came up with a new name and let "the monster" rest in peace.       