 Exchanging the medieval castles and knights for the post-apocalypstic world of England's burnt ruins (as a result of the resurrection of the existence of dragons), Reign Of Fire presents a different kind of dragon-tale. The dragons here are of a gigantic reptilian species that can fly and breathe fire. Sounds familiar, right? Well, not exactly. Far from the magical mythos of the classic fantasy dragon, these are enormous animals presented just as believable as the birds in the sky and the fish in the sea. Even their ability to breathe fire has scientific backing (in a snake-like manner, they project two separate liquids from their mouths at an inward angle and, as the liquids combine in the air, flames are born). CGI and physical props are both used to bring the dragons to life on the screen, and it's a job well done! The dragons are strikingly realistic. They are very grim and vicious creatures, who feed on ash (how convenient, since they so evilly enjoy consuming everything they see with fire). They are nothing more than barbaric beasts willing to do anything for survival. The result is the prefect darker atmosphere for this type of monster film.   As for the plot, there isn't too much to keep you distracted from the mesmerizing creatures, but enough to support a decent storyline. Christian Bale plays the leader of a small community gathered since the downfall of civilization. Mathew McConaughey is the buff and arrogant American military man that has arrived to take matters into his own hands with the assistance of his small army. Of course, the two end up collaborating as dragonslayers. They discover that to stop the plague of flying monsters, they must defeat the one living male who breeds with the females. If they can stop him, the dragons' existence will fade. But, as we all should expect, the deadly task isn't going to be an easy one!  In conclusion, Reign Of Fire should be seen by every dragon lover. There is plenty of screen-time for the dragons, and the special effects are the best you could ask for. Not to mention, the DVD includes some pretty neat special features, including a documentary on the construcion of the dragons and their adaptation to the film. While the classic formula for a dragon film will always remain entertaining, sometimes we need a different look at these terrifying creatures, and Reign Of Fire succeeds in every way. It's a breath of fresh air (or perhaps smoke-infested air, heheh) from the average modern monster movie, and deserves a look from anyone interested in the genre.     