 From the Batman: Arkham Asylum Anniversary Edition hardback (the one I own), here's what the inside of the dust jacket says to give you an idea of what this graphic novel is about:  "In 1920, following the death of his insane mother, the brilliant psychiatrist Amadeus Arkham begins the conversion of his ancestral home into a hospital for the treatment of the mentally ill, little suspecting that he has set in motion a nightmarish chain of event and consequence. More than half a century later, Arkham Asylum for the Criminally Insane is a place of dismal corridors and oppressive shadows. A bad dream house. A riddle in stone and timber, best left unsolved. For years, the demented and deformed enemies of the Batman have been imprisoned within these claustrophobic walls. In padded cells and unlit cellars, they have brooded and plotted, dreaming of a day when they might rise up and overthrow the world of reason. That day has come. It is April 1st and the lunatics have taken over the asylum. Led by the Joker, they issue a terrible challenge to the one man responsible for their imprisonment... The Batman. In a harrowing contest of wits with his greatest enemies, the Batman must descend into the heart of darkness, confront his greatest fears and learn the truth of his own existence...or be broken.  Arkham Asylum: A Serious House On Serious Earth is a terrifying journey into obsession and madness. A story of psychological horror and of secrets that reverberate across time."  I wasn't sure what to expect when I recieved my copy of Arkham Asylum in the mail. But I was sure it would be interesting. Interesting? That's an understatement. I sat on my bed, opened the book, and delved into a world full of imaginitively dark art spliced gracefully with a haunting story that reached far beyond any Batman comic or graphic novel I'd read before. It was all so stylish and rich, while coming across as choatic and disturbed at the same time. With each page I turned, my mind was gripped more and more by the twisted characters and the peculiar atmosphere. The story unfolded so well with the images -- I could practically see the figures move and hear the words and noises echo in my mind like a movie. The madness of the asylum bled all over the pages and into my head. It was more intriguing than terrifying, but for sure had a frightening quality to it. Here was one of the greatest superheros of all time, finally put under his own scope of psychoanalysis, and his evil foes finally shown in a light that was clear enough to humanize them. All with a dark adventure that had me on the edge throughout. And then like a puff of air...gone. The impact of the ending was indeed satisfying -- in its own way intense and sombre all at once -- but I was still a bit surprised to see it end so quickly. It runs not long over 100 pages, and in my opinion deserved more. But maybe that's what made it so marvelous in retrospect. Isn't that the sign of a great read? You want more? I was certainly left wth a feeling of desire for further exploration into this new twist on a familiar world, but this was as far as it went. And maybe that's the best way it could've been. Regardless of the length, I still stand impressed by this controversial book. Some people love it, some people hate it, but no matter what you think of it, it will definitely leave you affected and in some way alter your view of Batman and his villains. Don't pass this one up. Believe the hype and get your hands on this excellent piece of work!     