 (First of all, in case you're wondering, the transfer of this particular DVD addition is fine. There are no special features, but the cheap price does not mean cheap quality.)   Upon reading positive reviews, I expected Don't Look In The Basment to be a gory shocker that made it all worth while with a fantastic ending. Well, the gore was not over-the-top -- it was quite mild compared to the many horror films I've seen. And the ending -- although satisfying -- was not a huge surprise or twist. I enjoyed this film for a different reason. Here is my opinion of 1973's Don't Look In The Basement...  The film opens with a first look at the inmates of the small asylum (it appears to be more of a home for the mentally ill than an actual hopsital or "asylum", but you get the idea). Sgt. Jaffe -- a military verteran who still believes he is battling the enemy one day at a time -- is sharing his observations of the trees outside his bedroom window with Sam -- a man who has the mentality of an eight-year-old from the result of a lobotomy (lobotomies usually leave the patient much more "mindless" and withdrawn from their surroundings, but hell, let's humor the writers). These are just two of the patients you will meet throughout the movie. The others are Allyson, a woman who is desparate for love although she fails to understand how recurring sexual advances will not find her the man of her dreams; Danny, a red-headed man who is the epitome of an annoying, maniacally giggling child; Oliver, who still believes he holds his position in the courts as a judge; Jennifer, a withdrawn and quiet girl who doesn't seem to have a very strong sense of connection with the external world; Mrs. Callingham, an elderly woman who becomes quite creepy with her obsession with nonexistant places and people; and Harriet, a woman who insists her baby doll is her real child. Among other important characters are Dr. Stephens, Nurse Beale, and Dr. Masters. Whew. Okay, ready for the plot?  Dr. Stephens has let the patients of his asylum do as they please. Their main therapy is acting our their delusions. This, as obviously dangerous as it is, leads to the accidental death of Stephens. Then, shortly after the tragedy, comes the young (and equally sexy) Nurse Beale. Dr. Masters -- the female doctor who now in charge -- doesn't want her to become involved with her institution. Still, she allows Beale to join the staff of the sanatarium after a short debate. The new nurse soon learns the oddities of the inhabitants known as "the family" (the patients). In the long wait for action, the viewer is submitted to scene after scene of seemingly insignificant purposes. While most would say this majority of the movie would be boring and pointless, I rather enjoyed it (not all of the scenes assist the impact of the ending, but they are certainly interesting to see). Throughout the film a secret unfolds surrounding the sanatarium. Finally, as with most films like this, a few people mysteriously die. Shortly after, Mrs. Beale gets caught up in the horrors. And once the action begins, it doesn't slow down. Before long, Beale discovers the missing piece to the puzzle of Dr. Stephens and his asylum. The danger rises and rises until we are treated to the goriest part of the film: it's climax.  Other reviews made this sound like a film with a clever and surprising ending. Nope. I found the ending quite predictable before the film was even half through. Don't Look In The Basement did not impress me with a shocking conclusion. It impressed me with an element that few B-movies have: true impact on the viewer. By the end, I was drawn into the world of the asylum and felt a sense of isolation and tragedy. It's like the end of the original Night Of The Living Dead: it wasn't that it was so shocking, it was that it gave the viewer a truly nihilistic feeling. You are not left with images of the film in your head, but rather the idea of it's entirety. It has the kind of empty feeling you got from the original Texas Chainsaw Massacre. For a drive-in B-movie, Don't Look In The Basement delivers quite a surprise. Just not in the plot, but in the atmosphere it oozes with. This is quite a treat for such a low-end production. I recommend you at least rent it.                   