 Plot: Charlie is a boy who comes from a low-on-their-luck family. They haven't much of anything except each other. It is Charlie's birthday that will be soon arriving, and for his present he will get one Wonka Bar. But this year it will be different. Willy Wonka just so happens to be re-opening his factory, and five golden tickets are randomly placed in the most current production line of Wonka Bars. The five lucky children who find these tickets will receive a tour of Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory for an entire day. And one extra-lucky child will receive a mystery prize at the end of the tour beyond their wildest imagination. Sure enough, Charlie ends up being one of those lucky children to enter the factory. So, along with four others, he meets Willy Wonka on that anticipated day and enters his palace-like factory, unaware of the absolutely amazing things he is about to see. And once those doors shut behind them, the magic begins. Room after room, we (the viewers) are treated to some truly colorful and imaginative sights. Along the way are the singing Oopma-Loompas, giant waterfalls of chocolate, edible grass and trees, kooky new inventions, and plenty more. Throughout the tour, however, each child's curiosity and spoiled nature brings about problems, and one by one they create their own catastrophes sure to end their visit! By the end of the film, of course, Charlie is the only one left and becomes the winner of the fantastic prize. But when the prize is revealed, the most important things in life are finally seen by Charlie as well as Willy Wonka, ultimately leading to a heart-warming ending that holds an important message for children and adults alike.  Johnny Depp certainly makes a delightful Willy Wonka. Through the movie trailers, I thought Charlie And The Chocolate Factory would be a bit weirder and more twisted than it actually was. Regardless, you can be assured that Depp's portrayal of Wonka is no less than absolutely nutty! Depp's acting combined with the usual greatness of Tim Burton's peculiarly fascinating style (as well as some assistance from scorist Danny Elfman) is plenty of a reason to see this superb remake. This is a wonderful and amusing film for the entire family!          