 Basic Plot: A group of researchers head into the icy ruins of Antarctica to explore an ancient pyramid. As it turns out, the pyramid was used for battles between worshipped gods and their prey (predators and aliens, of course). And, to the misfortune of the crew, the time has come once again for the creatures to battle, and they find themselves trapped within the giant pyramid right in the middle of the slaughter.    So what if they screwed over the storylines of both the aliens and the predators? As a friend of mine said, AVP is meant to stand alone as a completely new concept for the two species. For people (like myself) that loved both Predator movies and the Alien series, combining the two extraterrestrials in the same movie -- and even more, to have them face-off -- is a dream concept. And, just as the video games and comic books, I believe AVP the movie has succeeded in giving fans (mostly) what they want. The human characters having no appeal whatsoever (unlike Sigourney Weavor or Arnold Schwarzenegger of the original films) just makes it easier to focus on the battles, and at times hoping those idiotic Earthlings will be slaughtered along with the others.  But be warned, the director's cut is soon to be released on DVD with all of the cut footage, including great fight sequences and plenty of gore (giving it an R-rating, mind you, unlike the PG-13 theatrical version). Sadly, though, there aren't any of those R-rated scenes in the deleted scenes featured here. And, to my disappointment, the "alternate beginning" was no more than the extremely short scene when the early 1900's Antarctic village was ambushed by a predator (this occurance was mentioned as a historical fact by the characters in the theatrical version, but the "alternate beginning" just lets us see it).   Regardless of any disappointments (namely some bad actors, a big difference in the story behind the predators' and aliens' original movies, and some cheesy aspects that take away any terror that could have been in there), AVP is irresistible to any fan of sci-fi/action movies. This is two of cinema's greatest monsters in hand-to-hand combat. What more can you ask for? Don't expect a masterpiece, just expect a good ol' action flick worthy of it's place in your DVD collection (that is unless, like myself, you can't find the patience to wait for the director's cut).     