 This reviewer is one who has never played the D&D game. So I didn't have much of an idea what to expect from the movie. Thankfully, it isn't too hard for a non-D&D fan to understand. But I found the film to be much too mediocre and basically another stack of cliches, useful only to satisfy a friday-night spot for an adventure flick.  I can't recall much of the exact storyline, as I drifted in and out of day-dream-land during most of the movie (yes, it can be somewhat boring). But I can assure you, the basic plot is all too familiar. Cutting it down to the essentials, there is something worth a lot of power (and also alot of money, depending on what your interest is) that both the good guys and the bad guys want, and predictable enough, they must race against time as well as each other to obtain it. Among all of the cheesy adventure antics that remind me of a sc-fi-channel original series, there is also a love story that evolves throughout the film (as if that would be unexpected).   The acting is -- as most reviewers have pointed out -- quite distracting because of obvious lack of either acting talent or director talent (but no matter whose fault, there's no reason to point fingers, because they probably all were equal contributors to it's cheesiness). Most scenes will make you cringe with cliche action-movie lines and pathetic attempts at showing the character's emotion. But, before long, I found myself adapting to the corny world of the movie and it didn't distract me as much. Dungeons and Dragons is actually a decent fantasy flick if you can just train yourself to ignore it's overflow of cheesiness. One move D&D successfully executed was adding in plenty of humor. The terrible acting seemed a little more at home because the film in general takes itself quite lightly.   But one negative thing is for sure worth mentioning, and that is the fact that dragon fans will be disappointed. This movie focuses much more on the people than the monsters -- especially excluding the dragons. The obviously CGI-constructed dragons only appear at the very beginning of the film and a few shots in the last 15 minutes of the film. I'm not going to take shame in it, I'm a fan of dragons. No matter the age, dragons are a dark and fantastic treat to see on the screen. But I must warn those who haven't seen it that, while the story line can revolve around them at times, the actual involvement of dragons is scarce.  As far as DVD features go, there are some deleted scenes and step-by-step demonstrations on the CGI construction of the few parts the dragons are included, but not much to jump up and dance about. The best feature would have to be the documentary on fantasy games (mostly, of course, having to do with D&D).  Overall, D&D is a very average corny fantasy/adventure flick that is definately only worth rental money. If you want an interesting storyline and more dragon-time on screen, you'll have to look someplace else. Regardless, I think anybody can enjoy this as a treatment to afternoon boredom.          