 In 1987, one of history's greatest movie monsters hit the screen: an extraterrestrial known as The Predator. The vicious alien warrior dropped in for some slaughter among the South American jungles, ultimately facing off with Arnold "Terminator" Schwarzenegger in what now has become a classic. But in 1990, The Predator hit the screen again in search of more slaughter, and found his game in the rough-n-wild habitat of Los Angeles, California. Too many times, sequels to great films have been disappointing. But bloody hell, Predator 2 could not have been better!  Danny Glover plays the driven cop, Mike Harrigan, in the middle of a town seemingly run by criminals. To make his job even harder, a new killer has come to play in the grim city, and this thing isn't human. It kills as it pleases, collecting the skulls of it's victims. It's equipped with dozens of out-of-this-world gadgets, including a cloaking device, laser blasters, a wicked spear, and more. It's a hunter of the worst kind, and it seems absolutely unstoppable. To make matters worse, there is a group of reseachers that don't want to defeat the creature, but rather capture it and learn from it. They try, of course, but you can predict the outcome. Whether he likes it or not, Harrigan seems to be the only one capable of stopping the monster. The enemy realizes this, and all hell breaks loose. It becomes a battle between the vigilante cop and the terrifying creature, right down to the very end where they face-off in the predator's spaceship!  Don't worry about cheesiness here. Just as the first one, Predator 2 succeeds in a terrifying roller coaster ride of realistic monster mayhem, packed full of action. Even a concept such as a fight scene in a spaceship (which, upon reading it, would sound silly) keeps the tense mood, refusing to let your mind drift from the horrific world of this man and his other-worldy enemy. The predator itself is just as mesmerizing. Sticking to basically the same full-body-suit as the first film, you could swear the alien is a living breathing thing right in front of your face. It remains one of the most terrifying and interesting creatures ever created. A great film crew (and cast) assist the predator in making this sequel well worth the purchase.          