 Plot: Will Graham (William Petersen) is pretty much set in his retirement from the FBI. But when approached with a new case -- that of a twisted and incredibly elusive serial killer nicknamed "The Tooth Fairy" (Tom Noonan) -- he decides to take up the assignment. He seeks help from the imprisoned Dr. Hannibal Lecktor (Brian Cox) in an attempt to get into the mindset of a serial killer -- a dangerous mental experiementation that nearly broke his mind in two in the past. Indeed, the case swells up over him. Soon, his job becomes his own personal burden. There is a race against time to make sense of this massive puzzle and save another victim, and through the mind games of Lecktor as well as the mysterious Tooth Fairy, it's going to be a no-holds-barred showdown for ultimate justice. It seems this extraordinary murderer may finally meet his match.  Manhunter is in every way a classic. Many have been known to say it is superior to Silence Of The Lambs, and I completely agree (not to say SOTL was any less of a classic, but you get the idea). Obviously there are many great aspects to the film, including an amazing score, a tense and nighmarishly realistic atmosphere, and superb directing by Michael Mann. But the thing that really hits me when watching this is the characters, as well as the actors playing them. William Petersen is incredible as the under-pressure Will Graham. There is an obvious sense of inner struggle and you get the idea there is much more going on than that which meets the eye. Definitely alot of psychological effect filling in the already mind-boggling atmosphere. And much of that psychological effect is driven to the edge by Brian Cox and Tom Noonan. Although the character of Hannibal "the cannibal" Lecktor will always strike the image of a creepy Anthony Hopkins in our minds, I believe Brian Cox was just as good. He seemed so well in-tune to the storyline and to the character that I for sure felt the sense that he deserved this role. For the movie's sake, he hit the nail on the head. The mind games between Graham and Lecktor are undeniably unnerving, and really jerk the viewer into their world -- easily, a world of pure madness. But for full psychological terror, we must turn our attention to Tom Noonan's legendary performance as The Tooth Fairy. Every bit freaky and creepy, Noonan's quiet, calm, and collective take on this mesmerizing character was a spooky touch of perfection. A man of profound theatrical talent, he truly brings the killer to life and could fool anyone into believing this was real. With the combination of Graham's near-breaking psyche, Lecktor's dark cleverness, and the shattered mind of The Tooth Fairy tearing across the script like broken glass, Manhunter becomes one of the greatest thrillers you could ever see.  In conclusion, Manhunter is a true masterpiece that deserves a spot in every DVD collection. And with excellent special features including an 18 minute featurette with Petersen, Cox, and Noonan (among others) as well as quite extensive bios for all of the big stars of the movie, you've got every reason to pick this DVD up.     