 I'm sure in the bottomless realm of B-movies that barely hit production -- much less find their way to DVD -- there are plenty of monster flicks. Yet few truly great (and actually original) monster films seem to be easy to find. Well, congratulations! You've found one! Two years before the amazing film "Pumpkinhead" (also available on Amazon), there was another ancient killing machine of a demon-legend, known as "Rawhead Rex"...  (First of all, just to get it out of the way, there are absolutely no special features on this DVD. And as a matter of fact, the menu itself is the scene access page -- nothing more. Basically, this is a VHS that you don't have to rewind after viewing it.)  The story is a bit predictable: An ancient demon-creature is set loose upon the earth (in a small, country setting) and seeks to slaughter a bunch of locals. One man's son becomes one of the victims, so he takes on the duty of man-to-monster heroism. Throw in some backing story about what exactly the creature is and why it's here and you've got this baby in a nutshell. Rawhead Rex is one of those simple movies where there's not too much to find as far as plot-based details go, so I'll leave any of the big info on the creature for your own discovery. Regardless of the lack of cleverness, you can be assured there is plenty of the creature and it's slaughtering to keep you entertained! Of course, by the end of the film, it's becomes a show-down between the father and the demon. The father has finally discovered what the demon is afraid of, but can he destroy it in time before more humans, including himself, are ripped apart by Rawhead?  The costume of Rawhead Rex is definitely not something to brag about. It looks like a large, ragged barbarian/road warrior with a creature's head. Not to mention, it's mullet-style hair. Take away some of the scarier features from it's face and it could've been in Michael Jackson's Thriller music video. Still, the concept of the creature and it's savagery is what must be focused on, not the cheap rubber suit. This is an Irish film from 1986, so don't be surprised if there is more cheesiness than true horror.   Which brings me to my conclusion of why you should at least rent Rawhead Rex: it's a classic monster flick that is more fun than it is scary. I think if you're the type that enjoys the cornier side of horror movies, then this is perfect for you. So don't waste any time -- witness another tasty, twisted, and fairly original monster flick with Rawhead Rex!     