 Sleeptalker surprised me and surpassed my expectations. This isn't your average B-movie, and it certainly deserves wider recognition and separation from the various straight-to-video flicks that are ignored by the typical movie-goer.  The plot revolves around a young man named Griffin (Jay Underwood) with an obviously troubled past. Griffin's parents (Marc McClure, Caryn Richman) were murdered when he was only seven years old by a serial killer known only as the Sandman (Michael Harris) -- a creepy scene we witness at the beginning of the film. Seventeen years later, when Griffin is a grown man, he seems to be leading a relatively normal life. He is looking for his big break in writing/journalism, and has a steady friendship (which, of course, is evolving into something more) with the lovely Megan (Kathryn Morris). But his seemingly normal life is shaken when he learns that The Sandman will soon be executed. At first, he's simply relieved and tries to brush it aside. But he'll soon discover that, as the tagline for the movie suggests, "Evil never dies...it only waits to be reborn". In his cell, the Sandman is given his last rites by a priest (Michael D. Roberts) -- who is actually a satanic worker of witchcraft. Through the dark powers that be, he grants the Sandman immortality, but only if he can kill Griffin within three nights. Griffin is his mortal link to this world -- a link that must be severed. This little bit of the story is actually a driving point behind the entire plot. A decently clever twist that pulls everything together by the end. So, after his death, the lullaby-singing sleep-stalker is reincarnated into a body made completely of sand. Yes, shapeshifting and such is made possible, but believe it or not, this aspect of the killer was brought to the screen in just the right way that it's not as cheesy as it sounds. And once he's back in his new form, it seems it's the end of the line for old Griffy boy. But he's not going down without a fight. Through the assistance of the satanic priest, as well as his devoted friend Megan who seems to be the only one who believes him, he's able to uncover the truth behind The Sandman and possibly put an end to all of the madness. But when all is said and done, is that truly possible?  Sleepstalker is definitely a cut above most B-flicks. Michael Harris dominated the screen with his terrifyingly realistic portrayal of one creepy-as-hell cinema-psycho! Also to my delight, the cast was not filled with wannabe actors that couldn't convince the audience with their characters. Most of the acting was quite impressive. And for the majority of the film, all of the behind-the-scene touches -- including directing, editing, cinematography, and a great score (with a haunting rendition of "Sleep Baby Sleep" by Teresa Straley) -- really aided this in becoming something worthy of five stars. There are plenty of great movies out there that aren't recognized because of the sterotype claiming B-flicks to be amateur and stupified, and Sleepstalker is one of them. Sure, you can't expect a blockbuster masterpiece hit, but you can certainly expect something highly entertaining from Sleepstalker. There aren't any special features, but the film alone is enough reason to pick up this DVD. It's worth a look for all horror buffs and even thriller fans.        