 Plot: Henry Lloyd Moon (Jack Nicholson) is set to be hanged. But when he hears about the town law that states any woman who owns land can save a man from execution by offering herself in marriage to him, things are looking up. And wouldn't you know it, right before the hatch is dropped, a young lady named Julia (Mary Steenburgen) speaks up and takes the outlaw into her legal custody. But it turns out she's got a bit of a cold motive. She firmly believes that there's gold somewhere within the mines of her property -- gold that her now deceased father searched for all his life but never uncovered. She employs her new "husband" to help dig. At first, this partnership is set for destruction with obvious differences between the two. But before long it seems that things might work out differently than expected. Can the rugged Moon come to find the heart to settle down for a woman he might actually have true feelings for? Or is he really just a tool to her selfish intentions, destined to fulfill his lonesome dreams to cross the border and continue his ways of rebellion?  I hadn't heard much about this movie. But being a sucker for anything Jack's layed his hands on, I knew I had to try this. After all, it's 1978 -- post One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest and pre The Shining. In his early fourties, is this not the golden stage of his iconic charisma? Well, Goin' South was no classic, but it sure put a smile on my face.  I was worried because of the plotline that there would be too much romance. Not so. Although there's a strong love story twisted in there, there are plenty of laughs to be had and very little (if any) mushy-mushy junk. The storyline unfolds nicely, employing plenty of memorable scenes with some pretty funny material. With a supporting cast of Christopher Lloyd, John Belushi, Danny DeVito, and Veronica Cartwright, the mood was set for a feel-good mix of knee-slapping comedy and interesting characters.  The only thing I found a bit annoying was what other reviewers have frequently mentioned -- Jack's voice. It's not the Southern accent that throws you off, it's the fact that he sounds like he's got a cold. There are a few scenes where he seems clearer, yet most of the time he speaks with a huffy sound like he was just recovering from a winter flu. I don't know if he intended it that way, or if some of the *ahem* substances *ahem* of that time took a slight toll on his voice. Either way, it's not so distracting that it would ruin his lines, but it is a disapointment since he has such a nice natural tone.   As for the DVD, there are no special features, but the picture and audio quality are superb. It's the only edition out right now, and probably will be the only one out ever. Still, the film makes up for any lacking in extras.     