 Cube was a very satisfying sci-fi/suspense flick. It is quite an experience just to watch the story unfold -- the viewer experiences everything just as the characters do. But once it's over, there's not much left you'd want to see again. And in my opinion, because of it's ending, it is a little disappointing.  Without giving away the ending or any surprises, here's the basic plot: A divided group of unknown (and as far as they know, unconnected) individuals wake up in "The Cube" without any knowledge of how they arrived there. The Cube is a gigantic box, more or less. It has many, many revolting rooms that connect to each other through square doors on the walls, ceilings, and floors. The strangers don't know why they are there, or what they should do. They just figure they better stick together and try to make it out of there. But the confusing task of finding their way out of the gigantic maze is made much more difficult (and dangerous) because some rooms are fatal traps if you enter them, rigged with deadly sensor-sensitive devices. They must find out how to differentiate these rooms from the others before more people die (indeed, we get to see a few deaths before anyone begins to decipher the pattern). Before long, the small group is navigating their way through The Cube somewhat successfully (considering how spontaneous of a terrifying occassion this is). The "connection" between them is starting to make a little sense, as they all have certain jobs or talents that allow them to help out and do their part in trying to escape the massive maze. Yet surely enough, the paranoia starts to swell up in all of them and they begin suspecting one another of being a part of the horrible game. Without any food or water or outside communication, it seems that even if they're not mechanically slaughtered trying to find their way through the deadly Cube, then they might die within it.  Cube is indeed an edge-of-your-seat mind-game of a film. The same questions that the characters have are the same ones you have. The isolated world of The Cube is all you know -- and it's all they have. Throughout, it's a continuous roller-coaster ride of fear, death (or at least near-death), and confusion. So why is this not a top-pick in my opinion? The ending. Don't worry, the writers knew that with such a great story and script they couldn't throw any old ending in there. It had to live up to the rest of the movie. So, instead of taking the risk of choosing an ending "twisty"  or "explosive" enough (or hell, even a REVEALING ending) the writers decided to leave the audience with something peculiar: the same feeling they had at the beginning of the film. The ending is quite unexpected and equally baffling, but you can be assured that Cube is an odd way to spend your time considering how the one thing keeping you interested from beginning to end is never truly resolved. This, although, could be considered a good thing. It does leave the viewer to come up with his own theory and dabble in his own imagination. So Cube is certainly interesting. Just be sure to realize that you'll have to play along at home in order to enjoy the ending.  By all means, rent it and don't buy it at first. It is a great scifi film. Yet it fails to give the audience any reason why they should watch it twice.     