 (For the plot details, here's what the back of the DVD box says) "When Batman (Adam West) and Robin (Burt Ward) get a tip that Commodore Schmidlapp (Reginald Denny) is in danger aboard his yacht, they launch a rescue mission. But the tip is a set-up by four of the most powerful villains ever, who seek to defeat the Dynamic Duo once and for all! Armed with a dehydrator that can turn humans into dust, the fearsome foursome intends to take over the world! Can the Caped Crusaders use their high-fyling heroism and groovy gadgetry to declaw Catwoman (Lee Meriwether), ice the Penguin (Burgess Meredith), upstage the Joker (Cesar Romero), and stump the Riddler (Frank Gorshin) in time?"  While I wasn't around when this originally came out (1966), I do have fond memories of "Batman: The Movie" as well as Batman the television series from when I was younger through reruns. The mix of fun superhero action and comedic homage to the comics was just too good to not fall in love with. So I wondered, "Would it be just as entertaining today"? The answer: Absolutely! No matter the age, everyone can enjoy the whacky antics of Batman and his colorful villains. While it's obviously not a serious representation of the darker side of the comics, it's still a blast to see. As one of those rare films that the whole family can enjoy (just like the series from which it spawned), it's no wonder why BatFans have been jumping up and down for joy at the release of this DVD. It's the perfect edition to any Bat-collection!  The transfer is beautiful and clear (for those curious, it features Anamorphic Widescreen/Aspect Ratio 1.85:1, with an option between Stereo and Mono for audio). Definitely a surprising look for its age, and the sound is satisfactory as well. As for the bonus features? Bat-a-rific! There's a brief documentary on the Batmobile, still galleries, trailers, a fascinating All-New Batman Featurette and an excellent commentary by West and Ward (which talks about the movie as well as the show, humorously covering topics from cast to crew to goofy memories and pleasant reflections). Some DVDs disappoint with their lack of extras, but I think it's obvious that 20th Century Fox got this one right. This package is a keeper!  Even aside from the specifics of the DVD, the film itself is the reason so many people will love to own this. There's a certain chemistry between the charatcers and a sense of good old fashioned clean fun that will always be cherished by those who long for some classic entertainment. Whether it's for the over-the-top performance by actors such as Cesar Romero and Frank Gorshin, or the comically cool script and feel, Batman The Movie is one of those simple little flicks that continues to shine years and years after it was made. If you're a fan of the 60's campy Batman mania, this is an absolute must-own! And if you're interested in seeing what all the buzz is about, this is a great way to introduce yourself to one of the most popular and unforgettable shows in television history.     