 Plot: After the mind-blowing events of the first film, Kirtsy Cotton (Ashley Laurence) finds herself in a psychiatric hospital. The Cenobites have taken her father to the depths of hell and she must get him back. Of course, nobody believes her. But the gateway to the Cenobites' domain may be closer than she thinks. Dr. Channard (Kenneth Cranham) is the head doctor at the institution, who is immediately a suspicious mystery. As it turns out, he has been searching for the answer to the Lament Configuration -- the tool one must use to open Hell -- for all of his life. Between the horrific story of Kirsty and the puzzle-solving talents of mute patient Tiffany (Imogen Boorman), he plans to solve the configuration and finally see for himself the fantastic wonders and warped pleasures of Hell. But, as always, such a desire comes at a price. After resurrecting Julia (Clare Higgins) -- who also was taken by the Cenobites in the first film -- history repeats itself as his naive greed allows him to help Julia get whatever it is that she wants. What she wants is nothing he could ever wish upon his worst enemy. Regardless, the blood-lusting doctor submits himself to her plans and winds up in a world of pain. He himself is transformed into a gruesome Cenobite. But trouble comes-a-callin' when the original gang of Cenobites crash the party. Kirsty and Tiffany find themselves trapped in the middle of the chaos, unable to find their way out of the dizzying corridors of Hell. And when the leader of the Cenobites Pinhead (Doug Bradley) realizes who she is, Kirsty is in even deeper trouble. Luckily, Kirsty has learned from her experiences and has a few tricks up her sleeve, with the help of Tiffany. But even if they manage to escape the clutches of Pinhead and his group of flesh-ripping demons, can they overcome the power of the Laviathan, Lord of the Labrynth?  Hellbound: Hellraiser II is by all means a worthy sequel. A sequel that stayed true to its origin, and at the same time escaped the boundaries of it. The first movie was in every way classifiable as horror, bringing the audience into a terrifyingly unfamiliar yet enchanting world of misery and mystery. Hellbound, on the other hand, reaches beyond the limits of horror. And that's actually a good thing. I found that many of the scenes took on a more fantasy-like feel. An incredibly dark fantasy, that is. One thing that helped the story along was the way that the viewer got a much better glimpse into the world of Hell and the characters of the Cenobites. We even get to see Captain Elliot Spencer's transformation into Pinhead! Not to mention the birth of a new Cenobite -- Channard. The return of most of the original characters -- including Kirsty, Julia, and Frank -- was a good call, but any new characters with extra appeal always helps fill a sequel out, and Channard definitely did that. Coupled with the almost Elfman-like score, I also felt that the sense of a grim fantasy pulling through in the script and set appearance was a hauntingly beautiful touch. It goes deeper than just a few scares. It's almost an artistic approach. Don't get me wrong, there's plenty of blood and shocking thrills to be found. But it's quite easy to see past that and appreciate Hellbound for what it truly is, and what most other sequels have come to lack: an engaging and moral-based story about greed, lust, and the darker side of human nature that is delivered in a thought-provoking yet completely entertaining way. If you liked Hellraiser, Hellbound: Hellraiser II is a must-see. Few sequels live up to the originals, and when they do it's a wonderful find. Indeed, Hellbound will leave you impressed!     