 The Raveonettes are an icon of sorts. While there are other bands out there with this sound, The Raveonettes will always be one of a kind.  With The Chain Gang Of Love, we are treated to some very laid back yet poppy music. Under strict and odd rules, this entire album is in the key of B flat. Why? Psh, I have no idea! When you add this little strange fact, the limited diversity in the drums (the drumming is very primitive on this album), and a sense of bubble-gum pop and a trippy and equally catchy feeling to every song, you're going to end up with a CD that "sounds the same" throughout most of it's tracks. Is that a bad thing? I can be -- just not in this case. The Raveonettes have come up with a formula here that has supported their career from the start and probably will continue until they retire. And this forumla is worth hearing in these 13 songs, even if they are similar. Because good music never gets old!   As for these particular songs...well, they're just plain wonderful! The guitar parts consist mostly of jangly, open-chords ringing out with a fuzz effect that tickles your ears like a good foamy root beer would tickle your lips. The bass also takes on a bit of a fuzzy approach, although remaining sweet and melodically adaptive to the rest of the instruments. The drums, as I mentioned before, are extremely simplified, yet deliver the beats necessary to bring home these pop tunes of greatness. But the greatness doesn't stop there! The vocal work is undeniably the best part of the music. A male and female sing most of the lyrics together with amazing harmony. They take on an almost lullaby feel with their sweet'n'soft vocalizing. I believe there is also a keyboardist of some type (or possibly just some computer editing) that adds in some strange yet pleasant noises to accompany this array of musical goodness.  And I must not forget the other attracting point to this CD -- it's one hell of a soundtrack to get high to (if you're into that sort of thing). Still, even if you don't use substances to enhance your experience, The Chain Gang Of Love should be enough by itself to trip you out and bring your soul into a place of musical bliss. If you're into the softer side of rock, then this is a must-buy.     