 It seems Burton and Keaton had a good time together in 1988 with Beetlejuice and decided to team up a year later with Batman. Good call! Michael Keaton plays The Dark Knight in this deliciously gloomy take on the caped crusader of Gotham City. The film begins right in the middle of Gotham's seemingly hopeless ring of crime as Batman drops in for a butt-kicking session with a couple of crooks. And before long, he faces off with Jack Napier at Axis Chemical. Through a freak accident, Napier falls into a vat of toxic chemicals. He is presumed dead, yet actually escaped through the sewer system. He survived, but not without a price. His skin is bleached chalk-white, his haired dyed green, and his facial nerves severed, creating a permanent ruby-red grin. Batman must now face the man he thought was dead, as Napier (now known as The Joker) unleashes pure chaos throughout Gotham with his deadly Smilex gas. The Joker has lost his mind and wants to destroy Gotham, and especially Batman. Thrown in the mix is Vicky Vale, caught in between Batman and the Joker. So not only must Bruce Wayne save Gotham, but also his new love who is oblivious to his hidden superhero identity.  It is absolutely undeniable that Nicholson stole this movie and ran with it. He fit the part so naturally well, managing to throw in his own style for The Joker. Tim Burton certainly noticed this, as he gave about half of the scenes to The Clown Prince Of Crime. But, while Nicholson may be the main reason in my opinion to see "Batman", he's not the only reason. Obviously stretching far from the squeaky clean Adam West era, here we get the darker side of Gotham -- as well as a darker vision of Batman. Burton's visual style, mixed with Elfman's brilliant score, is a formula for a wonderful cinematic treat that everyone should see at least once. And if you're a fan of Batman (or the Joker, heheh), then you'll be watching it until the DVD wears out. Five Stars, Two Thumbs Up, and one big maniacal last-laugh for Batman!     