 For the plot details, here is what the back of the DVD box reads: "IT can be anything. A fanged monster that won't stay on the movie screen. Something ominous lurking in the basement. No matter what your biggest fear is, no one knows IT better than Stephen King. Based on King's 1986 bestseller, IT is a jittery, jolting excursion into personal fear starring Harry Anderson, Annette O'Toole, John Ritter and Richard Thomas. A malevolent force in a small New England town takes the shape of a clown (Tim Curry), but he's not clowning around. Instead, he terrifies youngsters and brings some of their untimely doom -- until some wily kids fight back. The evil resurfaces 30 years later: meaner, angrier, dealier. And friends who vividly remember youthful terrors reunite to battle IT."  Stephen King's IT has become a horror classic. And, surprisingly enough, it was a made-for-TV miniseries (a two-nighter). Running at a little over three hours long and designed to be appropriate for the average Joe tuning in to its original broadcast in 1990, you'd think it'd be a bit of a stinker. But by all means, IT provides a thrilling and darkly charasmatic adventure into one very terrifying story. Great script, great directing, great cast. And the best part? Well...   Remeber Bozo? Ah, what a great guy. How about Clarabell, or even Ronald McDonald? Clowns have been a real treat to the entertainment business for as long as we can remember. But Tim Curry changed that for oh so many children and adults alike with this film. Undeniably the star of the show -- whether for freaky amusement or inescapable horror -- Curry really helped this along in its long running time. Don't get me wrong, the character development through childhood scenes and drama unfolding between them as adults really keeps the viewer interested and engaged. But let's face it, without Curry's performance there would be something missing. Luckily, we're given plenty of delightfully scary scenes showing off the unforgettable portrayal of history's most malevolent clown throughout the film.   By the end, you can't help but to feel for the characters and be glued to the screen -- even if you've seen it already. It's one of the best examples out there of how a lot of time can actually be put to good use and overall make a great movie. IT -- just like many of King's writings -- really grabs the viewer and reflects on something we can all look back at with awe and mystery: childhood.  Sadly, there aren't many special features on this double-sided disc. But there is a fairly interesting commentary with Dennis Christopher, Tim Reid, John Ritter, Richard Thomas, and Director Tommy Lee Wallace (why no Curry? probably not available. they do talk about him a bit, though). And with a wonderful, crystal-clear print and audio, you won't mind the almost bear-bones packaging. So go ahead and pick this baby up for one hell of a ride into a nightmare where fear reigns over all!     