 In Godzilla, Mothra And King Ghidorah: Giant Monsters All-Out Attack (or "GMK" for short), we are treated to possibly the best Zilla film to date. Acting as if all the movies inbetween never existed, GMK is the 2001 sequel to the original 1954 classic, Godzilla: King Of The Monsters. In all of these years, the giant beast has been presumed dead, while the highest of military officials fear otherwise. Well, he is indeed alive, and he's come back for more! To Japan's horrific surprise, Godzilla has returned from the depths of the Pacific Ocean once again to destroy their cities and end their lives via atomic breath and his massive size capable of annihilating even the largest of obstacles. There may be hope, however. As the prophecy holds, there are three guardian monsters that must rise to protect the Earth should Godzilla return. Those three consist of Baragon, Mothra, and King Ghidorah (I guess mentioning Baragon in the title would have made the name simply too friggin long, so...). As always, the military wants to get involved and attempt to destroy The King Of Monsters themselves, yet once the other giant creatures wake from their slumber, they really don't have any other choice but to stand by and watch the mayhem unfold. In addition -- somewhere in the midst of all this building-smashing, road-crunching, people-burning, monster-flinging, mind-blowing madness -- there is a sub-plot between a father and his daughter. Ha! Like we have the time...  Once the opening credits hit, you know you're in for something highly entertaining. That feeling never rests! GMK is the most action-packed Zilla movie I've seen. And just because we still get to see rubber suits doesn't mean it's cheesy action, either. I love the corny sci-fi flicks with horrible special effects as much as anyone, but this is actually quite realistic. Impressive CGI, an incredibly dark atmosphere, a nicely woven storyline, and superb acting all compliment this newer yet in no way lesser look at Godzilla. The suits are certainly more fierce and evil-looking, with nice touches such as more elaborate facial movements and slick cinematography. Also, plenty of back-story is given to the monsters, which is always nice to fans. I felt like I was finally witnessing what I've been looking for in all these years of monster flick after monster flick.   All in all, this is a must-have for any lover of giant monsters -- especially Godzilla fans. The DVD may not have special features (besides a few trailers), but it does have great audio and visual quality, widescreen presentation, and a choice between the English-dubbed version and the undubbed Japanese version with English subtitles (now how cool is that). Even without extra features, the movie is all the reason you need to purchase this. Ultimately, I can't see why anyone would not enjoy GMK to it's fullest. This is pure daikaiju bliss! I'm certainly glad I bought this, and I encourage any fans to make the same purchase immediately!                       