 Basic Plot: Aliens from outer space come to invade the Earth with diabolical plans. But these aren't normal extraterrestrials. These are space-clowns with one deadly sense of humor! They go around a small town, terrorizing the residents and turning their bodies into cotton candy cocoons. A small group of teens are the only ones willing to accept this crazy situation, and take it upon themselves to rid their town of these murderous bozos. But, of course, that will be easier said than done!  In my opinion, Killer Klowns From Outer Space cannot be mistaken. Whether it's the DVD cover, the tagline ("In Space No One Can Eat Ice Cream"), or the absurd plot, you pretty much know what you're getting into. And I for one enjoyed it. It was everything I'd hoped it would be -- a mix of sci-fi, comedy, and horror that's entertaining from beginning to end. I've seen my share of bad B-movies, and I was prepared for the worst, but instead got a pleasant surprise. Sure, the acting isn't too spiffy, but who cares about the humans? The other-worldly clowns are evilly cool combinations of live actors and mechanical suits. The masks are able to blink, shift their eyebrows, and stretch big nasty smiles across their faces for a delightfully sinister effect. I'll admit it's not completely believable, but it's certainly more than the obvious rubber mask too many movies like this settle with. And with plenty of kooky gadgets and tricks, there are some interesting kills as well. This is rated PG-13, so there's not a lot of gore, but we're still treated to absurdly humorous slaughter throughout the movie. There are too many memorable scenes to mention here, but trust me: Killer Klowns From Outer Space will have any fan of horror-comedies in B-movie heaven. The makers of this flick obviously know how to have a good time, and don't waste any effort on trying to sneak seriousness or morals into the story. Just good 'ol stupid fun! And, with a nice load of special features (including 5 featurettes, audio commentary by the Chiodo Brothers, bloopers, 2 deleted scenes, and more), there's plenty of reasons to purchase this DVD. So what are you waiting for? Step right up and enjoy a funhouse ride that is truly out of this world!     