 Plot: There has been a string of unsolved murders at Harrison Penitentiary. Detective Louis Burke (Jean-Claude Van Damme) is sent undercover as an inmate to investigate. With the help of his assigned "wife" (charatcer Amanda Beckett, played by Cynthia Gibb), he manages to uncover a few dirty secrets about the place. Once he truly gets into the heat of the situation, he discovers that the guards and prison officials themselves might even be involved. The whole scheme is starting to make sense, and that doesn't stay a good thing for long. His presence at the prison is becoming too much of a danger for the conspirors, and he becomes next on the hitlist. But Burke isn't going down easy. At least that's what we think, until an old enemy -- Christian "The Sandman" Naylor (Patrick Kilpatrick) -- is transferred to the prison to finish him off for good. The fight to solve the murder mystery is over, yet the fight for Burkes life is only beginning.  Death Warrant is an action flick. Period. Although the story can be interesting to follow, the true reason anyone would watch this would be for the down'n'dirty mayhem with Van Damme in his usual kick-butt mode. The prison conspiracy is not a huge government cover up, but rather a small ring of corruption hidden from higher officials. So instead of a thriller with a bunch of different suspicious characters involved, we've got Van Damme stuck all alone in the deadly prison without a prayer! That's where the action comes in. This isn't the kind of "blow stuff up" or "shoot em down" popcorn movie, this is hand-to-hand combat with girtty intensity. And the best example for that would be the grand finale: the final fight between The Sandman and Burke (definitely my favorite part). That's where anything goes, and barbaric brawling to the death is the only way out. And on that note, I was particularly fond of Patrick Kilpatrick as The Sandman. He often can be seen in villain-type roles, but this just hits the nail on the head. The only slight complaint I have (and the reason it only hits four stars) is that The Sandman doesn't have enough screen time. I don't want to spoil the storyline, but you can assume that because of his late arrival in the film, he's not the mystery murderer. He's more like an executioner sent to do Burke in. For the parts he does get in the last half of the film -- as well as the first scene in which we see an encounter between Naylor and Burke when Naylor is a free man -- are satisfying, but let's face it, he's one hell of a villain and he needed more show. Regardless, Death Warrant is just what you need if you like a simple yet engaging fight flick. And although the only special feature is a theatrical trailer, the only reason you need to purchase this DVD is the film itself. It's quite impressive, and leaves you with some fond memories of both Van Damme and Kilpatrick. Pick it up!      