 Plot: Tommy Jarvis faced Jason Voorhees and all of his psychopathic horror as a kid, and has suffered the consequences through years of psychological torment. He feels obligated to prove to himself that Jason is truly dead, so he and a buddy visit the grave of the crazed killer with the intent of exhuming the body and cremating the remains. Once the coffin is open, the sight of Jason's decayed corpse brings back too many unwelcome memories. Tommy jams a metal pole through the carcass in frantic rage. Once calm, he and his friend get the supplies ready for a roast of the worst kind. To all of nature's grimness, however, lightening strikes the metal rod and jolts the messy bulk back to life (well, more like a state of living death, but you get the idea). Tommy escapes, although his friend is not as lucky. He must find help, but discovers that in a town so determined to forget the terrors of it's past, the authorities refuse to believe that Voorhees has returned. Plus, Tommy has been known for his mental instability, which only further degrades his credibility. Then, the murders begin. Guts and gore and frights galore, Jason rips through the area, eventually finding his way to home sweet home (Camp Crystal Lake). To make matters worse, the local police department blames these murders on Tommy. With few people willing to except the truth, Tommy must do in the silent madman himself or die trying. He learns that to put Jason to rest for good, he must be returned to his original resting place (the lake near the camp, where he had drowned as a boy). Even if this is accomplished, can the talented Mr. Voorhees ever be held by the laws of death? Or will it be Tommy Jarvis that finally meets the reaper?  In my conclusive opinion, Friday The 13th Part Six is a great horror flick that rises above the average slasher. This is Jason at his prime if you ask me. I've seen all of them, and I must say that this might be the best of the F13 series, struggling with Part Two for first place. There's plenty of good kills, a decently creepy atmosphere, nicely spread humor throughout the script, and a great look for the masked madman we all know and love. Also, with the lack of unnecessary slasher cliches (such as nudity), the approach is a breath of fresh air -- it only gives the essentials of what any killer flick fan would want. For all who enjoy this iconic movie-murderer, "Jason Lives" deserves at least one viewing, if not a permanent spot in your DVD collection. There aren't any special features, but who has the time when there's a zombie goalie on the loose!?                   