 Batman Forever is often credited as the beginning of the decline in the Batman film series. If I was a bettin' man, I'd say this isn't because it's slow, uninteresting, or void of style, rather because of its lighter approach. With the first two Burton Batman films (Batman, Batman Returns), the atmosphere was delightfully dark. Not to mention the colorful and equally menacing villains. Batman Forever still has that effect, but doesn't drench every scene with the serious, gothic mood that some of the comics and animated series have come to be known for. This makes the movie a bit more child-friendly and leaves out any extra tension to make room for some good old fashioned superhero fun. And what's wrong with that?  I hadn't seen Batman Forever in...well, forever. It had been a while, and I was afraid that with my expanded view of cinema as well as Batman that I would find it cheesy and boring. I was pleasantly surprised. I realized why I had enjoyed it so much to begin with. It's an action-packed adventure that never let's up on the thrills. Except for a few scenes that detail the relationship between Batman/Bruce Wayne's new love interest and a few scenes that expand on the story of Dick Grayson/Robin, I found that most of the movie was bursting at the seams with awesome hand-to-hand combat sequences and litterally explosive special effects.  One of the best parts of Batman Forever is Tommy Lee Jones and Jim Carey as the leading villains. Tommy Lee Jones plays TwoFace -- the ex-lawyer who after a freak accident on the job burned half of his face into a horrific mess, resulting in psychological trauma severe enough to split his personality right in two, hotwiring his mind for fiendish criminality. Jim Carey plays The Riddler -- an almost genius inventor that after being turned down by his once idolized Bruce Wayne because his quirky mind-reading invention would raise "too many questions", shifts into a clever criminal that taunts Bats with riddles and subliminal clues. Jones was absolutely maniacal as TwoFace. From his throaty chuckles to his frantic fits of rage, he fit perfectly into the role. Jim Carey -- goofy and comically intriguing as always -- really gave spice to the character of The Riddler with whacky antics and over-the-top manic traits (who can watch that Batcave scene and tell me it's not one of the most amusing scenes in Bat-history?). While Val Kilmer and Chris O'Donell did fine as the heros, the show was undeniably stolen by the hands of these two brilliant actors that really made each scene worth while.  In conclusion, I think that while Batman Forever fails to live up to its predecessors, it makes up for it in an exciting and at times campy approach that causes it to teeter on the line between child-friendly fun-fest and adult-friendly punch-n-kick-fest with grace. From the engaging story to the wild performances to the surprisingly well-fit score, it ain't no rocket science why this one's a keeper. So swallow your comic book ego and see this movie. There's plenty of memorable lines and stylish fights to keep you coming back for more!     