 I think it's quite obvious at this point that Slayer is an unstoppable machine of headbanging bliss that has little chance of losing its massive fanbase. They've come to be loved for their uncomprimisingly brutal take on thrash metal and the fact that they stick to their guns like no other band. Even when a hint of change is detected in their work, it's still Slayer and it's still satisfying. This strength is especially apparent with Diabolus In Musica.  Slayer has been going at it for over twenty years, and most of their songs have followed a strict code of conduct -- namely the speed. Some people complain that DIM leaves this aspect of Slayer's talent behind. Not so. It only reduces the amount of it -- and what's so bad about that? The trademark thrashing style is still found here, only it's accompanied by more of the slower, brooding riffs and drum work that, in earlier releases, didn't really dominate. Does slower mean less heavy? Absolutely not. I think it actually helps the music and gives it a darker feel. Not to mention makes the faster parts even more pronounced. For one thing, the myth of "slower equals boring" is clearly busted throughout the album.   As far as the music and song structure goes, I didn't think it sounded like "filler" material at all. These are classics in their own right. You can't expect Reign In Blood or other definitive Slayer albums to be surpassed, and I think the band is well aware of that. The riffs are still heavy, mean, and at times -- in a completely non-melodic way -- even catchy. The lyrics and vocal work are also a nice touch. With DIM, Araya is leaning more toward the shouting style that would later take on practically every line in God Hates Us All. A little more like a mix, though, between the old and new. The only low points in the singing were the breathy, moaning tones he used sometimes (thank goodness this usage was rare). It reminded me of Marilyn Manson or even some of these numetal bands. But by all means, contrary to common criticism, DIM is far beyond numetal. As mentioned before, it's still obvious Slayer material, just a bit evolved. Luckily, the lyrics stay firmly planted in that moody, anti-religious, almost poetic atmosphere Slayer has always had. And as for the whole "get Lombardo back on drums" deal, I didn't find Bostaphs's playing to be a problem at all. He adds his own taste in there, with some pretty good double bass throughout the album. So for those thinking that the absence of Lombardo might kill the mood, don't worry. The whole band delivers the goods as usual. Then again, how could they not?  Diabolus In Musica is a pleasant surprise. While it is easily overshadowed by the Slayer "classics", it stills lives up to the legendary band. It never falls off the line of hard'n'heavy mayhem that fans love, yet manages to give a little bit of an alternative approach at the same time. No matter the differences, it is a fine piece of metal and belongs in every Slayer fan's collection.     