 The Terror is a 1963 horror film (actually in color!) starring Boris Karloff and Jack Nicholson that hasn't really gained much recognition. And understandably so. Like Bela Lugosi, Karloff seemed to fall into numerous low budget B-movies after his initial fame of the Universal era reached its peak. This is one of those movies. For plot details, here's what the back of the DVD case reads:  "The Terror features two screen legends in a most unlikely pairing, alby directed by horrormeister Roger Corman (with an assist by Francis For Cappola). Jack Nicholson plays Andre Duvalier, a lieutenant in the French Army, who falls in love with Helene (Sandra Knight), a mysterious woman who keeps appearing to him. He eventually follows her to an old creepy castle, where he meets the sinister Baron Von Leppe (Boris Karloff), and is held captive. As it turns out, Helene is the ghost of the Baron's late wife, or so we are led to believe. This atmospheric film is appropraitely moody and drenched with a feeling of dread. Numerous plot twists and surprises will keep you guessing right up to the film's end."    I think that synopsis exaggerates a bit. The story, while slightly clever and intriguing once completely revealed near the end, is a bit draggy and, not surprisingly, doesn't really hold the viewer's attention. Karloff's character isn't very interesting either. For such a star, it seems there should've been a little more substance and style that he could've fooled around with. Strangely enough, most scenes seemed to focus on the other star of the show, which is the only real reason I enjoyed The Terror. For Nicholson. I've long been a fan of Jack and his undeniable sense of charisma and screen presence. So, of course, I just had to see some of his older works. Here, he's in his mid-twenties, basically unknown in the film industry, and doesn't have too much to work with as far as his character goes. Regardless, he is given a lot of screen time, which makes up for what the script lacks. Sure, he's no RP McMurphy or Jack Torrance, but it's still fun to see. And about the whole "French Army" deal, don't worry, he doesn't use an accent. Despite a few changes of grammer and a corny suit, given the story is set in the seventeen/eighteen hundreds, he's still good 'ol Jack Nicholson.  Now to the particular DVD edition I own -- the one from DigiView Productions. In addition to the already tattered age of the film, the transfer is pretty lousy. The color isn't very good at all, especially in the dark scenes. The sound could also use a little polishing, but overall it's still watchable. As far as everything else, well, there is a menu, but really no special features. Still, the price is unbeatable.   All in all, The Terror is a decent film. Nothing beyond the ordinary for that era of horror flicks, but a young Nicholson makes it worth owning anyway. I'd just recommend, depending on your tolerance for transfer quality, that you consider what price you're willing to pay.     