 Basic Plot: When the employee of a small street-corner flower shop brings in a strange-looking plant that grows and grows, the seemingly hopeless business skyrockets with more and more curious customers. Unfortunately, the secret to this monster of a plant is that it feeds on human blood!  The film itself was surprising. I expected it right from the start to be a dud, but it quickly blossomed (excuse the pun) into a pretty funny horror-comedy. It's a fairly cheap 1960 black-n-white movie, so don't expect anything of a masterpiece. But for the price it's so commonly found at, it's certainly entertaining and worth the purchase.  Unfortunately, many DVDs mislead the viewer into believing that Jack Nicholson played one of his first big roles in The Little Shop Of Horrors. Being a big Nicholson fan, I'm ashamed to say I hadn't seen this already. But now I see that I wasn't missing out on anything, really. Nicholson plays the part of a quirky, nasally-voiced dental patient named Wilbur Force who finds pleasure in pain (hence his excitement to be at the dentist -- insisting that the doc uses no novocaine because it "dulls the senses"). While the small time he has on the screen is amusing, it lasts just under four minutes! He's in no way a central character (or heck, even an off-center-by-the-side-barely-by-the-skin-of-his-teeth-character). Do not be mislead by his grinning face on the cover.  Regardless of the breif nature of Jack's inclusion, I think The Little Shop Of Horrors is still a decently amusing movie that's worth the buy. It's not roll-on-the-floor hilarious, but it's a good way to pass the time. As far as extras go for this particular edition, there's nothing to look forward to. Unless you want to take an extremely easy quiz on the movie (it's three questions long for pete's sake!) or read a small bio on Nicholson (which is obviously invalid in its info, listing his "1992" movie as "Batman2" -- '92? Come on, everybody knows it's '89, and with that 2 or Z or whatever on the end somebody should really check these things for typos before sending them into mass production) then it's pretty much pointless to think of this DVD as the "Collector's Edition" it advertises itself as. Not to mention the weak picture quality, though the sound is fairly decent. But again, for the money (I personally got it at 2 bucks pre-owned, and it looks like Amazon goes even cheaper with MarketPlace Sellers), it's worth it.     