 For the plot outline, here's what the back of the DVD box reads: "Edward Carnby (Christian Slater) is a private investigator specializing in unexplainable supernatural phenomena. His cases delve into the dark corners of the world, searching for truth in the occult remnants of ancient civilizations. Now, the greatest mystery of his past is about to become the most dangerous case he has ever faced. With the help of his ex-girlfriend, archeologist Aline Cedrac (Tara Reid), and his bitter rival, government agent Richard Burke (Stephen Dorff), Edward is about to learn that just because you don't believe in something doesn't mean it cannot kill you!"  According to the character of Carnby, fear of the dark is what keeps us alive. Sadly, however, fear of crappy movies doesn't keep us from renting them. Despite the horrible reviews, I decided to give into the temptation of renting Alone In The Dark (I had a free rental, so I figured there couldn't be much of a loss). It was even worse than I'd expected...   For one, the creatures that are unleashed from the depths of darkness -- or whatever cliche horse feces is shoveled around in the story -- are pathetic CGI dino-beasts. Anything interesting, frightening, or even simply "cool" about them? Nope. Just pointless computer-generated monsters that fail at entertaining the audience in the slightest way. For two, the acting is horrendous. Seeing Tara Reid on the DVD's main credits made me roll my eyeballs, but seeing her attempt to act as an archeologist in a sci-fi action flick just made me laugh. The only half-way decent acting is given by Christian Slater, but it's still not enough to cover up for the rest. And for three, the movie is terribly boring, with few action scenes. Oh sure, a few unknown bumps here and there, some creatures flashing across the screen, and a little gore is included. But true action? Very little. The small amounts of action it did include is the reason I gave this stinker two stars. I hate to see a movie suffer, but this one deserves it.   In conclusion, don't make the same mistakes most of these reviewers made by renting the movie, knowing how terrible it must be. Just trust the ratings on this one. It'll save you your money as well as your time.         