 (the following is a review for the Original Uncut Version DVD)  Plot: "Batman Beyond - Return Of The Joker" takes place in the near future when an eldery Bruce Wayne (Kevin Conroy) has thrown in the towel and Terry McGinnis (Will Friedle) has become the new Batman. But now isn't exactly the most convenient time to be fighting crime in Gotham City. Thought-to-be-dead supervillain The Joker (Mark Hamil) is back for some old-fashioned deadly business, and seems to be as good as new. And with his gang of "Jokerz" on hand, the Dark Knight is going to have a hard time stopping his destructive path of gleeful lunacy. But there is hope. The answer may be found in a secret surrounding the madman's return that lies in one of the most disturbing mysteries of Batman's past. Can justice finally prevail against this maniacal mastermind? Or will he indeed have the last laugh?  ROTJ has a reputation as being one of (if not THE) best animated Batman movies out there. I agree! It has everything you could ask for. The storyline is engaging and fun to follow. And even if you're not up to the mind games, there's plenty of action to keep you entertained from beginning to end. The vocal actors were all wonderful -- especially Mark Hamill as the kooky and darkly charasmatic Joker. His laughs are amazing, and he obviously has a great feel for the lines. Also a big plus for Batfans is the fact that it's the Unrated original version, which earns a PG-13 rating for violence. It's not quite as dark as the comics, but it certainly takes on a more sinister and adult-friendly atmosphere. And to top it all off, this DVD is a superb choice for anyone interested in purchasing the film. Great audio and video quality make the experience of the movie as good as it can get, and the special features are pretty intriguing for any fan. These extras include commentary by the filmmakers, animated character bios (which cover Bruce Wayne, Terry McGinnis, The Joker, and a few gang members), a documentary and more. There's no doubt about it, this is an excellent deal for any fan of the animated Batman (or in that case, the Joker -- Mwahahaha!). Overall, it's definitely worth the surprisingly low cost.     