 Plot: Danvers Asylum has been closed for a long time now. A cleaning crew has been assigned to remove all of the harmful chemicals and such that have built up throughout the building over the years. They must do this in only one week. The problem is, Danvers is a massive place. It will be quite stressful, but the men need the job. Surely enough, the old asylum begins to work on the crew's nerves. Although they are together, working side-by-side everyday, they each become more and more withdrawn to their own thoughts inspired by the creepy building. One member of the crew has discovered a series of old audio recordings of a psychiatrist and an inpatient named Mary -- a dissociative woman with multiple personalities. Something horrible had happened -- the thing that landed her in the asylum. And, as the tapes go on, more and more is revealed. Session number nine, the last session, holds the key to what happened and why Mary is so disturbed as she is. Terrifyingly enough, one crew member has been driven to the same edge. And, before the week is over, the tension becomes too much. Death occurs, and horrors beyond the boundaries of any sane imagination take over.  Session 9, upon the first viewing, is one of the creepiest films you could ask for. It's one of those "it's not what you see, it's what you don't see" feelings of dread that haunt the audience in the same way the characters are haunted. You never know what's going to happen. But don't think it's just another fix for a Saturday night creep-out. It is also great for multiple viewings because, it seems, each time you watch it, you catch little bits and pieces you didn't notice before that really get you thinking. Even though you'll know what happens at the end, you'll still find it plenty enjoyable just to see it all unfold time after time. Plus, the Session 9 DVD has some great special features, including a documentary on Danvers (yep, it's a real place) and the filming of the movie, deleted scenes, and more (as a little hint, you might want to use the director's commentary on the deleted scenes in order to understand how they fit into the plot). Session 9 is an excellent thriller/horror movie that deserves a spot in every DVD collection.           