 Peace, love, and great music. Let's face it, this stuff is immortal. Some of the best songs ever came from Simon & Garfunkel, and this compliation CD proves it.  Simon & Garfunkel is a guilty pleasure of mine. Even though I'm into a wide range of music, I usually don't go for the lighter kind. But there's just something about that beautiful harmony caught between these two musicians. There's plenty of music out there to get us down and bummed out on life, but few bands actually have that power of puting a smile on our face just by playing a song, and S&G do it with perfection. If there's any band that should represent the true power of peace and love, it's these guys.  The songlist is just about perfect. You get all of your favorite styles from this wonderful duo. To name of a few of my favorties, "Mrs. Robinson" is an upbeat classic sure to lift your mood. "For Emily, Wherever I May Find Her" is a heavenly, soft, romantic song played live with an acoustic guitar instead of a full band. "The Boxer" is a great hit of theirs, very catchy and powerful at the end. Another superb live track with only an acoustic to accompany them is "59th St Bridge Song (Feelin' Groovy)", which is definitely a spirit-lifter and alot of fun to hear because of its poppy harmony. "The Sound Of Silence" is another well-known hit, and certainly deserves the recognition with its poetic lyrics and memorable tune. Of course, "Bridge Over Trouble Water" -- possibly their most popular and arguably best song -- is included here as a live version with a full band. "Bookends Theme" is a sadly short song, but is absolutely superb nonetheless. "Homeward Bound", "I Am A Rock", and a few others give that finishing touch to the disc. There are a few tracks on here that I don't listen to very often, but for the most part "Greatest Hits" is an ideal CD for any Simon & Garfunkel fan.  All in all, I feel any fan of the 60s folk/pop music should own this album. Unless you want to spend more money on a box set, this is perfect for your S&G needs. They're an excellent example of how far music can take us, and what we need more of in this world. Long live love!      