 Plot: Officer Murphy runs into a nasty confrontation with a criminal gang lead by ruthless killer and druglord Clarence Boddicker while on duty in the rough city of Detroit. The gang ends up blowing him to pieces limb by limb and leaves him for dead. He might seem to be just another unfortunate casulaty in the war on crime, but the local police force has a secret plan for his remains. They build the ultimate crimefighter: Robocop, a half human half machine cyborg programmed for justice. Yet while crime rate does take a plunge, there is an even bigger conspiracy going on behind closed doors that is linked with the very string of criminals they are pretending to protect the city against. Now it is up to Robocop to put an end to the corruption and restore order to the citizens. Of course, that's going to be a difficult job with Boddicker back on his tail with more determination than ever.  Robocop is undeniably a classic action flick. And it's easy to see why. Most notably, it's got what everybody wants in a film like this: lots of action. I had forgotten just how to-the-point and nonstop the action is here. Not to mention some amazing special effects and makeup work. The graphicness of the violence is about as extreme as one can get if he's wanting to stay with a realistic approach. And it works beautifully. Which moves my point on to one of my favorite aspects of the movie: Kurtwood Smith as Clarence Boddicker. The character it so delighfully heartless that it actually adds a dark charisma to him. And I doubt the effect of it would have been as gripping as it was if it hadn't have been for Smith's wonderful acting. Peter Mullen, who plays Murphy/Robocop, is also an obviously superb choice in casting. He's believable and easy to sympathize with, which is an important thing for this storyline. And I think that's one of the best parts about Robocop: it's message. Arguably one of the greatest revenge stories ever to hit the screen, I don't think anyone can overlook the power behind it. After all that Murphy had been through, even despite having his memory tampered with, his previous life and very identity discarded like a piece of trash, the last line says it all. When Robocop is asked what his name is, he simply replies, "Murphy".  Full of satire regarding how desensitized society has and will become towards crime and despicable human behavior, Robocop will strike some as a heroic return to basic morals and much-needed justice. But even if you're not looking to be preached to, these things are subtle and only support in an underlying way what this film has come to be known as. The perfect example of a kickass action flick! And as for the MGM edition DVD (which is the one I own) you won't even care it's not the Criterion director's cut. Most people make it sound like the uncut version is much gorier, but one viewing of this DVD will convince you that those differences are so small that there's no need to go out of your way to pick up the expensive and out of print Criterion version. It may only have a few trailers as it's extras, but by all means this edition is a perfect buy for anyone who wants to own the movie. It has a crystal clear print and great audio. So pick it up and enjoy the timeless experience of every action fan's dream: Robocop!     