 Plot: Three brothers -- Casey (Nathan Forrest Winters), Geoffrey (Brian McHugh), and Randy (Sam Rockwell) -- are left on their own when their parents leave town for the weekend. They decide to visit the local carnival/circus, even though Casey is terrified of clowns. And boy is this a bad night to choose! Three anonymous mental patients (Michael Jerome West, who is credited as "Tree", Bryan Weible, and David Reinecker) have escaped and run away...to the circus! After the show is over, the real clowns -- known as Cheezo (Timothy Enos), Bippo (Frank Damiani), and Dippo (Karl Heinz Deuber) -- are slaughtered by the inmates, who steal their clothes and makeup for a creepy disguise (then again, they do seem quite delightfully mad, so maybe they actually think they ARE clowns). They eventually find their way to the house of the three brothers. And, once they realize the residents are home, they decide to have a little fun. Of course, to the brothers, this will be nothing less than a night of terror! The inmates, for reasons unknown, seem to love a good kill, and tonight they're gonna give these boys a whole house full of horrific surprises!  Clowns have always been an interest of mine, and lately I've become even more interested. So, as a horror buff, I figured Clownhouse had to be the perfect flick for my evilly kooky taste. Well, while there are a few parts of the film that are certainly less than genius, I was quite impressed. Most B-movies have to take themselves lightly, or they will be a wreck. But there are a few of them that try to be full-on horror and suspense and accomplish their goal. Clownhouse wasn't particularly scary to me, but I thought -- for it's lack of comedic approach -- that it was executed very well. The acting isn't all that great, but it's not too distracting either. Once the psycho clowns start doing their business, you forget all about any underlying flaws. I think the atmosphere was what this was all about. Not to mention the fact that it was mostly believable. Almost every scene took a fairly realistic approach to the story. This sometimes causes a little boredom here and there, but for the most part makes the movie much more entertaining. The score (often an eerie big-top-ish tune, calliope style or with a music box) was definitely a pleasant surprise -- especially the theme, which can be heard in its entirety at the end credits. And, whether you're rooting for the clowns or the brothers, there are plenty of good scenes and a few creepy moments to satisfy the viewer. The concept alone is a good enough reason to see this, but I think Salva pushed it to the limit and came out with an enjoyable film for any horror fan to own. Overall, I don't really think I have any complaints. For a blockbuster hit, this would've been a bit of a disappointment. But for a rarely known B flick, I've got to give it two thumbs way up. There aren't any special features besides the theatrical trailer, but who needs 'em?     