 Before our time, giant monsters walked the Earth as gods. Somehow, for thousands of years, they were suspended in space, unable to break free. Now, a meteor strikes Earth and devastates our civilization. The continents shift into seven new masses of land. And, worst of all, the ancient gods are set loose upon the planet. They must battle to the death until there is only one left, who will become the ruler of the new Earth. You dive into this grim new world in an attampt to be that lucky one. Choose your fighter -- any of seven giant monsters ready to annihilate. You must conquer each continent  by destroying the god who inhabits it. After you've achieved world domination, there is a grand finale waiting for you with the toughest battle yet (I won't give anything away about this, but you can be assured it's a real mind-blower). Do you have what it takes to rule this planet and make the few humans left in it's ruins your worshipping slaves? We'll see about that!  Primal Rage is a fighting game similar to Mortal Kombat. You battle with a side-view of both characters on the screen. Special moves and fatalities are included. And, in addition to the usual health meter, there is a smaller meter with your brain next to it. When the fliud in the bar runs out, you are flung into a daze and temporarily immobilized (this decreasing of the fluid occurs more and more when you're getting beat up). The graphics are also very satisfying, with stop-motion animation that gives you that classic arcade feel. The visuals are great, and the characters are just plain awesome. So, speaking of characters, here is a summarization of the fighters and their battlegrounds:  ARMADON: Much like a brown triceratops (although it stands on two feet) with spikes and horns as his main weapons. He lives in "The Hollows", an underground cave-like setting. BLIZZARD: Basically a huge blue gorilla with wild hair. Powers of the cold (you know, kind of like "Sub-Zero" in MK) are his main weapons. He lives in "The Cliff", a mountainous area with lots of snow and ice. CHAOS: Another giant ape, although a bit smaller than Blizzard and red in color. Much of his fighting power comes in the form of his control over his bodily fluids (yeah, this dude's kinda nasty). He lives in "The Ruins", which is basically a destructed city. DIABLO: Much like a red T-Rex. His main weapons would probably be considered his power over fire. Lives in "The Inferno", which is basically a crumbly land full of valcanos. SAURON: Another T-Rex-like character, this one being a yellowish tint. He doesn't really have many supernatural powers or a "theme", so his main weapons would probably just be his strength and massive size. He dwells in "The Cove", a sandy area next to the ocean (yes, like a beach, but it's not really as pathetic as it sounds). TALON: Much like a Velociraptor. This little booger's fast and sharp, so his main danger would have to be those claws! He lives in "The Strip", which appears to be a spot of grasslands. VERTIGO: Like some wicked mix between a snake and an I-don't-know-what-the-hell-it-could-be-but-it-sure-is-ugly, this is the only female in the game. Her powers are those of mind-tricks mostly. She lives in "The Tomb", a Stonehenge-style grassy area.  In conlusion, this is obviously a great game. But, of course, you've got to play it to appreciate it. I'm not huge on video games, but I've always enjoyed Primal Rage to it's fullest. With plenty of reason to play this over and over again, I'd recommend it to any fan of fighting games. Lot's of fun, plenty of gore, and a great theme/storyline.  (Note: Technically, this review was written for the PC version, yet there is pretty much no difference between the two. So these comments are in reference to either one.)     