 Plot: Barbara (Judith O'Dea) and her brother Johnny (Russel Streiner) are visiting an old graveyard as they do every year for their passed loved one. But this time, they encounter a crazed man (Bill Hinzman) who attacks them both (indeed, he is a walking corpse in need of a good meal). Fleeing from the scene without her injured borther (did she have a choice? geez, Hinzman was creepy) she finds a small house as her hiding place. Already inside, though, is Ben (Duane Jones). He has had an encounter with a few of "those things" himself. Before long, the isolated strangers discover by radio and television that the unburied dead are coming back to life and feeding on the living -- most likely from a recent radioactive explosion. But in the long run, who cares how they came to life? They are killing the living and consuming their flesh! What can be done, if anything, to stop this madness from growing and growing and growing? Time runs out as the zombies' numbers increase and the gang find any sense of safety hard to come by. Is there any hope? Or will they all perish in the sea of the dead awaiting their sweet'n'salty fresh carcasses?  If you are like me, you can't stand those newer zombie flicks that have come out within the past decade or so. Sure, they have some good horror and suspense, but come on! They're nothing compared to the original zombie recipe perfected by Romero in 1968 with "Night Of The Living Dead". If corpses were suddenly rising from their deaths in an incompetent army of cannibalistic horrors, would they be faster than a speeding bullet? I think not! That is one of the best aspects of older zombies films: the zombies are creepily slow and lethargic. They are corpses in a mobilized trance, hungry for your flesh. Nowdays, all I see are super-corpses running frantically amoung several teenage idiots with all of the cliches we are tired of to make a two-hour bore-fest. Not this. NOTLD is a truly original take on the zombie invasion concept -- and it's still the best. It not only presented the old-fashioned dead folks we love to watch creep along the black and white screen, but it also introduced a feeling of pure nihilism. The characters (the living ones, heheh) are trapped in such an isolated and seemingly hopeless situation. The viewer is pulled into this realm of chaos and darkness, forced to experience the horror along with these unfortunate midnight snacks we call "the living". Truly, nothing compares to NOTLD. Romero did it right the first time, and we'll always have it to cherish in our DVD collections. This DVD transfer isn't too bad either. For the price, it has great sound/picture. The catch is that there are no special features. Oh well. Who needs 'em! The movie is the only excuse you need to purchase this DVD. Just be sure to have your baseball bat handy. Hit 'em in the head and they go down quick. But then you've to burn 'em or they just get right back up! Bwahahaha...BWAHAHAHAHAHAHA...bwa.         