 The creature (and movie) known as "Pumpkinhead" was originally named Vengeance: The Demon. But, instead, we were given the name of the monster in the folk stories it evolved from. (in all actuality, it was based on a poem written by Ed Justin)  Pumpkinhead is a monster film of...well, monstrous proportions. This is not your grandpa's Dracula, Wolf Man, or Creature From The Black Lagoon sequel (although I do enjoy the older films, don't get me wrong). Here, you are invited into the small-town world of Ed Harley -- a loving father with a simple, country life out in the middle of what appears to be nothing more than an isolated dessert land with some mountains and woods. He and his young son Billy are carrying out the daily routine at their old-fashioned grocery store they run for the locals, when a group of "city folk" come roaring in with their sports car and dirt bikes. The flat and sandy land appears to be the perfect spot to do some biking on. But when Ed leaves the area for just a moment, one of the young men from the city accidently hits Billy with his bike coming down from a jump. Ed returns to find half of the teens gone and Billy lying on the ground. Although the remaining teens who didn't flee from the scene insist it was only accidental, Harley is furious. Before long, his son dies. Hungry for a taste of bittersweet revenge, he tracks down an old witch in the middle of the woods known as Haggis. Ed remembers that as a child he witnessed in the shadows of the night a fierce creature named Pumpkinhead kill a man. As legend has it, if one man commits a horrible act -- usually murder -- then a loved one of the victim can have Pumpkinhead conjured up to take revenge. This is what Harley has come for. And although the witch warns him of the mysterious "price" he must later pay, the grieving father fetches the small body of the creature from the pumpkin patch in an old graveyard for her, so she can bring life to the beast. After a spell, the demon sprouts into a nine-foot-tall monster (approximate height, of course). It proceeds to hunt down the teens one by one and brutally slaughter them. Ed realizes what he has done is too harsh. He wanted revenge, but not THIS. Regardless, the deal is unbreakable and Haggis cannot stop the demon. So, Harley attempts to stop it himself. And once he begins the battle, the "price" is revealed and a costly decision must be made.  This is one hell of a horror flick. Luckily, nudity was left out and the gore wasn't too overbearing (the R rating is basically for violence and some language). Besides the talents of the actors (especially Lance Henriksen as Ed Harley), Pumpkinhead is mainly impressive and worth more than one viewing for it's monster. The costume is wonderful. Combined with the right cinematography, sets, lighting, and editing, it becomes very realistic. The plot is kept mostly simple and to-the-point. The story of Vengeance The Demon and the way it is presented in this film is worth every cent. Not to mention, we are treated to that nice little twist at the end of the film. For every horror fan and monster fan out there, Pumpkinhead is a must-own.     