 Two things must be known by the viewer before they see this movie in order for them not to be disappointed. One, this doesn't take a very realistic approach to the cryptozoological creature known as Bigfoot or Sasquatch (for those who believe in it, anyway). And two, this is a typical low-end monster flick that was never meant to be any kind of masterpiece, but rather an accomplice to popcorn and a lonely weekday's night.  The story isn't a very complex one. Lance Henriksen and his little expedition group have traveled up in the snowy mountains in an attempt to find his daughter, whose plane crashed there and no one knows what had happened (or even if they survived). Also there (for the greedy part of the gang), lost in the mountains, is a nifty little device that, once they recover it, may hold the proof of Sasquatch's existence. As it turns out, it does. (Since the movie is nothing of a genius plot, I'm about to spoil the story a little bit) A family member of Sasquatch was killed by the plane as it crashed to the ground. If that didn't piss him off enough, there's that stinkin' box-like device that can prove his existence. So, he chases and tries to slaughter Henriksen's team, wanting to make sure that box doesn't leave his woods (yeah, it's getting a bit silly, isn't it?). By the end of the movie, Henriksen faces off with the beast (the others have left, but he insisted on staying behind and killing the monster). I won't spoil the very end for you, but trust me, it's just as silly and full of plot-holes as the rest of the film.  Sasquatch certainly fails to present an interesting or scary monster flick. On the other hand, there are plenty of nights when boredom is your only company that it could very possibly entertain you. One highlight of the film is the fact that there is little to no CGI used for the creature. The suit isn't all that pathetic, either. They did make a wise choice by showing as little of the monster as they could, since it wasn't a very believeable costume if given a closer and clearer inspection. In short, the only reason to see Sasquatch is if you're bored and have that craving for a hairy monster stalking people in the woods. And for that, it's pretty enjoyable.             