 Okay, people, let's face the facts. No movie can live up to the gloriously imaginitive world of HP Lovecraft's writings. So why even compare them? In my opinion, Dagon is a humble salute to Lovecraft, well aware of its limits, that can be thoroughly enjoyable if taken less seriously.  The plot revolves around the characters of Paul and his girlfriend Barbara, who've been ship-wrecked. They find themselves in an eerie old town called Imboca that seems practically deserted. To their great misfortune, however, they discover that the town is well populated -- with half human half fish creatures in search of a sacrifice to their god. As if it weren't bad enough that Barbara becomes potential fish food, Paul's recent nightmares and mysterious past are actually linked to all of the madness and put him square in the middle of Imboca's prophesy. The ending was an unexpected one, and I must say I that it was an excellent one.  Dagon was decently creepy and succeeded in providing a "Night Of The Living Dead" feeling of inescapable horror, but I found it more interesting than scary. Although it's not an exact adaptation of either "The Shadow Over Innsmouth" or "Dagon", it still provided a nice storyline and a strong backing for its plot. Making a film about the legend of Dagon was tempting enough for a rental, but the Imboca characters and the stylish world of their terrifying cult really helped this out. Not to mention the makeup and special effects that, excluding a few bad CGI shots, were quite impressive. Indeed there are some darkly mesmerizing visuals to be appreciated. I, for one, was a bit surprised at the haunting beauty of this film.  Even though it doesn't cling tight to the original stories, I believe HP fans and horror fans alike would enjoy Dagon. It's an almost fairytale-like presentation of a spectacular concept that's pretty hard to ruin. And for those who find it difficult to appreciate the more in-depth parts of a movie, there's plenty of gore (including a scene where a man litterally gets his face pulled off, ew) as well as nudity (the sacrificial scene where Barbara is bouncing around while dangling above the pit -- hubba hubba!). The bottom line is, if you've even thought about renting it, you'll probably enjoy it. Just don't be disappointed because it doesn't completely match up with the stories. I think Dagon delivered just the right amount of originality to avoid criticism for it's differences.       