 Plot: The Firefly family has been carrying out some nasty business in their house full of unspeakable horrors and gruesome remains for years on any innocent wanderer they can find. But the local sheriff Wydell and his smalltown police force are closing in on the vicious group of redneck psychos in an attempt to end it once and for all. This family isn't going down without a fight, though. A few are left behind and killed in the line of battle when a shoot-out occurs, but two of the members manage to escape -- Otis and Baby. They go on a killing rampage and meet up with their good friend and fellow sadist Captain Spaulding. The three of them are tracked by the cops and are for sure in a sticky situation, but once it becomes personal for sheriff Wydell things get a whole lot uglier. Wydell is seeking vigilante justice, and he's going to a whole new level to get it. It seems the Fireflys might have finally met their match.  The Devil's Rejects, at first glance, might be confused with a gorehound horror flick for cheap thrills and gratuitous violence. It certainly has plenty of graphic violence (not to mention nudity and lots of adult language, thoroughly earning its rating), but these things must be put to the side so the viewer can realize what has really happened here: Rob Zombie has taken a unique turn from his first House of 1000 Corpses film and given us a truly mesmerizing and brutal flick that acts more like a warped modern-day western than a run-of-the-mill horror. Just when we thought all there could be anymore is mindless slasher cliches or wattered-down suspense, The Devil's Rejects steps on the screen and gives us what we've been waiting for. A damn fine movie, that is. I would encourage any fan of horror movies and even open-minded western fans to check this out, as it rides a firm and intriguing line between the two genres, giving the viewer one amazing experience. There are plenty of twisted good times to be had, and even some humor thrown in the mix, which only reinforces the morbid nature of these madmen. Just be warned, it's only for the strong-gutted. And it's that gritty, in-your-face realism that makes it what it is. Very entertaining indeed!     