 Plot: In Hellraiser, we're given the frightening story and the tragic ripple-effect of Frank Cotton's twisted experience with evil. He's a bit of a scumbag, only out to get the pleasure he feels he deserves. It seems like a dream come true when he gets his hands on the mysterious puzzle box that is supposed to be a gateway to the universe's extreme pleasures, but he discovers that gateway leads straight to hell -- litterally. The Cenobites -- a clan of demons just dying to bring you home to daddy -- come to rip Frank to pieces and enjoy every bit of it. He's trapped within the pits of another world full of torture of both physical and mental nature. But when his brother's blood from an accidental scratch reaches the floor of the room he "died" in, he escapes back into Earth's realm in the form of a messy skeleton-man. It's the blood of another that has enabled him to take on some physical features. Now Julia -- the long-lost lover of Frank -- enters the plot. She discovers the gruesome Frank in the attic, and must keep it a secret. To make matters truly worse, she's just as determined as Frank is to get every bit of flesh back on those bones and muscles. To do so, he needs more gore from fresh humans. She becomes his death tool, as she lures unexpecting men into her house when her husband is gone, murders them, and leaves their corpse to Frank. For the icing on the cake, Kirsty, Frank's niece, enters the storyline. She slowly uncovers the horrors of her returned uncle and his new plans. She manages to get a hold of the puzzle box, though completely oblivious to its powers. As you could imagine, this is a bad move. Those Cenobites now come for her, and quite litterally all hell breaks loose. Between the endless greed of Frank, the diabolical support of Julia, and a pack of demons on her tail, Kirsty becomes just another confused target caught in the middle of a deadly game when human nature takes a turn for the worse.  Hellraiser has in every way become a cult classic. It certainly deserves it. Even if you don't feel like catching the moral of the story about human greed, lust, and curiosity, there's plenty of blood, guts, suspense and other delicious terrors to help you out. Enjoyable by horror fans of every kind, Hellraiser succeeds in giving the people want they want. Though various sequels have spawned throughout the years, causing the main Cenobite "Pinhead" to be degraded to just another slasher, the first arguably remains the best. If you dare to unleash the painful pleasures of a definitive horror movie, get your hands on Hellraiser and enjoy the haunting effect of how far our corrupted minds can take us. Possibly, to hell and back...      