 The new album by the Go-Go's is the best album I've heard in ages. There are a couple of ballads thrown in for balance, but most of the album is classic top-down summer music. What I like about this album is that every song is good, and most of the songs I'd give an "8" or better to.  I don't know about you but I get tired of buying CDs that have maybe three good songs on them, surrounded by pleasant or disposable ... to fill out a CD's worth of music. "God Bless the Go-Go's" I was able to just pop into the CD player, dub it to a tape and play the whole thing all the way through in the car without skipping songs. For that matter, I find myself just letting the tape loop over and over again. The performances and production are solid, but what makes it work is the songwriting. You can tell when you get some CDs that the material was weak so they tried to compensate with fifty bazillion dollars worth of production as a cover up. Not so, here. The melodies are strong enough that I could imagine acoustic versions sounding good, and the lyrics are peppered with some fun witticisms and plays on words. I first heard the radio hit, "Unforgiven", which I like a lot, but my favorite would be "Sonic Superslide". It's got an intro hook that reminds me of "I'm Not Your Stepping Stone", but then they take it way beyond that with fun "atomic era" lyrics and some really nice guitar work.  This is the kind of song you could imagine them doing in concert, building up to the end of the set, then blowing everyone's doors off with this song as a sendoff just before the encores. "Insincere" is a little bit different from the rest of the album. It opens with a catchy guitar hook, leading into the closest thing I've heard to a British Invasion song in a long time. Makes me think of the Searchers or maybe the Seekers since it's got just a touch of folk-pop flavoring. Gorgeous melody and a picture-perfect vocal delivery. This tune just sends me.  "Daisy Chain" is one of the slower ones, closes out the album. What I love about this song is its hints and allusions to the Beatles' "Magical Mystery Tour" album sound, and nicely rounds out the CD. Most of the album is upbeat and I'm sure will sound good when played live at summer concerts. "Automatic Rainy Day", "Stuck In My Car", "Apology", "Unforgiven" and "La La Land" all put together on the first half of this CD are like a powerhouse "take no prisoners" punch where the Go-Go's were taking no chances on this not being the album that blasts them back into the spotlight. I'd give every one of those songs a "10". Ditto on the "10" for "Throw Me A Curve", "Sonic Superslide" and "Insincere".  Hey, I don't know about you but I'm set for summer now!     