 For starters, the price on this can't be beat. The show is charmingly retro, looks great, audio quality is great, and the silly costumes can't hide the fact that Shirley Partridge is the hottest mom you ever saw (next to my wife of course).  As someone who prefers that reissues not reinvent history I was glad that the first season theme song "When We're Singing" (which has the same melody as "C'mon Get Happy") was left intact. This is the theme song I remember.   So far I've only viewed the first two episodes but what a kick recognizing Harry Morgan (M*A*S*H) and a very young Farrah Fawcett in episode two. And the first episode, the man in black himself, Johnny Cash! The shows may be standard sitcom fare but what makes them unique is that you can play these DVDs with the kids around, no predictable double entendres, no tacky wisecracks, no characters trying to impress us with how "edgy" they are.  Although pre-order buzz suggested that a number of unreleased songs would be included on a bonus CD, what you get is a four song promotional CD for the companion "greatest hits" audio CD. Includes three of the most popular tracks from the first Partridge Family album as well as "C'mon Get Happy". Whole bonus audio CD clocks in at about ten minutes in length.  Well, maybe the absence of rarities is not a bad thing after all. The two unreleased songs from the pilot episode are only "Partridge Family songs" because they appear in the show but they don't have the Partridge sound and all vocals are handled by a faceless studio chorus. Worse yet, these two songs, "Together (Having A Ball)" and "Let The Good Times In", sound like they came from the same people who recorded generic songs for the Scooby Doo cartoons. The only notable thing about these two throwaways is that Neil Sedaka gets a writing credit on the latter song. As my wife came in I found myself embarrassed and explaining, "this isn't the Partridge Family singing in the first episode, they didn't know David Cassidy could sing yet."  With a price point like this there's bound to be some cut corners somewhere. In this case you get no accompanying booklet or sleeve with the DVD, just case and disks. If you're curious what songs are associated with which episode, or other details that you might expect with a DVD set, you'll just have to watch the shows or use the "jump to the songs" feature.  Seeing as the Partridge Family's music continued charting in the top 40 throughout the second season perhaps a Season Two DVD set will appear in six months. If that happens hopefully the final disk of that set will be an audio compilation of all the unreleased songs from seasons one and two. Just not the two throwaways from the pilot episode.       