 Final Straw got to me, and hung on by a thread. The melodies began unassumingly, with the the honest "How To Be Dead". Each of these songs quietly built up to grand pop melodies - even if they didn't seem grand on first listen. I'm not exactly sure why, but Final Straw was one of my favorite albums of 2004... All in all, I appreciated their last album for reasons unknown to me.  I have known about this release for a few weeks, and anticipated it - mildy, albeit. I was underwhelmed by their single on myspace, Hands Open. Having now listened to it in the context of the album, I think it is even one of the weaker tracks. Unfortunately, it fits in well with many of the songs on this album. On Final Straw, the songs were unassuming and yet managed to be catchy. On "Eyes Open" the songs are louder and faster. They seem to have made a distinct effort at crafting catchy pop/rock in this album, and their attempts fall flat. Trying too hard?  There are a few positives to "Eyes Open", including the lush track "Chasing Cars", and Gary Lightboy's consistently pleasant vocals. Sorry, I can't add much to this category.  The simple truth of the lyrics on Final straw are replaced by seemingly cliche ones, which offer nothing meaningful to relate to...at least not anything you haven't heard before. Backing the relatively hollow lyrics is instrumentation failing to offer one especially interesting hook or memorable riff. The overall sound reminds me of some generic Christian Rock bands (I think if you have any experience in the genre, you will understand - the good bands are far and few between).  If you don't want to take my advice, you might be better off taking this album sans comparisons. It is inoffensive enough to play in a car stereo, or at home with your parents. Yet, my main question would be for all of the five-star reviewers. Is this album really an extraordinary composition, of the highest calibre? I would confidently say that "Polar Bears" and "Final Straw" were better albums, and even these aren't exactly timeless masterpieces. So please, go test this album out. If you hear some life-changing music, then we're not listening to the same thing.     