 "The Vision of Escaflowne" was quite a remarkable work of anime.  An artistic piece that was wedged between the productions of "Macross Plus" and "Cowboy Bebop."  Not surprising considering they were all made by the same team.  However, it is surprising (to the point of baffling) that "Escaflowne: The Movie" is a dissapointment.   The story is a twist on the original 26-episode TV series.  In the magical world of Gaia, two ancient Dragon Clans (Black and White...how original) are vying for the control of the mystical armor, Escaflowne.  Meanwhile, Hitomi, the standard so-full-of-angst-I-should-open-a-store-for-it teenage girl dreams of leaving her existence.  But lo and behold, through the magic of film, she *gasp!* leaves her existence only to be transported to Gaia where she is hailed as the Wing Goddess who will set the world right.   One of the main problems with this film is the source material.  It's hard to watch this without feeling a bit left in the dark, if you haven't watched the series.  Yet, at the same time it's hard to watch it having seen the series because the movie manages to mash up the high points of the series, leaving the viewer with something that resembles a parfait that met its demise under a mallet.     The characters act as they did in the original TV series, but minus the full fleshed out stories and lives that made them interesting.  So, you really can't feel anything for these poor cardboard cutouts.  Most of that can be thanked by the lame script which features such lines as "Lord Van...Lord Van!!...Lord Van..." and "Pleased to meet you, Mister Folken."  As if they didn't make enough brain destroying drugs, in walks the dialouge.     Gaia has changed in the same manner as well.  Gaia, for a world teeming with magic and imagination, has somehow lost it all.  Now everything seems to be borrowed from other anime.  The animals look like something out of a Miyazaki film, the battle scenes seem like they took lessons from a poor man's "Ninja Scroll," the soldiers seemed to have bought their armor from a "Lodoss War" garage sale, and in the funniest way possible, soldiers now have magic powers that are NEVER explained only to make them resemble rejects from "Akira."   Oh, and one more gripe, WHERE'S ESCAFLOWNE???  Seriously, for something that could either shape of destroy the world you think it would be on-screen longer.  Every scene where the massive armor is not in you wonder where the hell is it, and why isn't doing anything important.  Oh, and Escaflowne has also changed, but I will not dis-hearten anymore of the fans.   The only saving grace is that the film was, as stated before, created by the same team as "Cowboy Bebop."  And that means that the music is done by, that's right, Yoko Kanno.  Kanno's score permeates through the film and actually keeps your attention a whole lot longer than anything the script ahs to offer.  Another grace is the animation.  Things look great, but sadly that's it.  Too bad these good things were severly wasted.   In the end, "Escaflowne" boasts a lot of appeal, but sadly leaves everyone in the dust wanting something with, I don't know, taste perhaps?  One must ask themselves, who is this movie really for?  Is it for the fans, or is it for those who are interested but haven't visited the world of Gaia?  Sadly, it's for neither.  Music's good though. -RW     