 When you think of Gundam, one usually thinks of an epic human drama that unfolds in the futuristic Earth Sphere. Lives are lost, victories are won, and defeats are handed down. Basically, Gundam is the greatest anime series that shows the beauty within the destructiveness of humanity. Well, "G-Gundam" comes along and promptly chucks all that out the proverbial window.  The story takes place in the year Future Century 0060. Most of humanity has moved into colonies blah blah blah, much like all Gundam series. But wait! Here's something NEW! Every 4 years, each Nation sends down their respected Gundams to battle each other in a spectacular orgy of mecha destruction to see who rules! Enter, Domon Kashu (stop laughing for a sec), Neo-Japan's Gundam Fighter. He is on a quest to... clear his family's defiled name. Naturally, his quest consists of destroying other Gundams and acting as if he's the greatest man that ever lived. Wow. Still there? Good.   G-Gundam was the first of the "Alternate Universe" Gundam stories. Instead of taking place in the Universal Century time line, it adapts a new timeline and new ideas. The show was made in 1993 for Gundam's 15th Anniversary, and I can't think of a worse anniversary gift than THIS. What went wrong? Oh, where to start.   The story is NOT a Gundam story. This is basically "Street Fighter" turned 50 feet. Characters look and feel unfamiliar to the Gundam-verse and seem to have no idea what's going on. And rarely are there any semblances of the themes that have become a staple in the Gundam-verse.   Drama seems out of place, as the characters look too serious during funny monets, and too funny during high tensions. We are never shown humanities good side, or bad side for that matter, all we see are a bunch of people who see fighting as a reasonable excuse for leadership.   The Gundams themselves are a riot. Each one "represents" their sovergn country in a way that can only be described as "politically/racially incorrect." Neo-Mexico has a sombrero wearing Tequila Gundam. Neo-Egypt has the bandaged Pharoah Gundam. Neo-Kenya has the dark armored, spear carrying Zebra Gundam. Neo-Denmark's fish bodied Mermaid Gundam. And one of my favorites, NeoAmerica's footbal armored, six-shooter packing, surfboard riding, boxing Maxter Gundam. Anything for mass-merchandise I guess.   There is also no shred of originality left in this series. One of Gundam's greatest assets was it's originality. Well, the only thing original in this show is the apparant lack of shame chracters have for acting the way they do, can anyone REALLY say "Shining Finger" with a straight face? And since when do Gundams have transformation sequences that scream "Sailor Moon" ... When Domon gets into his Shining Gundam, it takes him seven minutes to summon the thing, get dressed, and proceed with the most inane martial arts stances this side of a Jet Lee movie! Very little is devoted to actual fighting.   The only asset this show has is the fact that it has "GUNDAM" strapped to it's title. And some of the mecha battles can get interesting. By "interesting" I mean ranging from "cool" to "bizarre." But that's allt his show is, fancy "Fatal Fury" battles and no plot.   In the end, "G-Gundam" stands as possibly the WORST GUNDAM SERIES...EVER!! Stick with the original. The Gundam series used to follow the idea of "style without substance is nothing." Well, "G-Gundam" seems to follow the idea that "substance without style is nothing." That maybe well in good, but in this series I have yet to find any "style" let alone "substance."  If you need a reason to buy it, two words; drinking game. -RW     