 As one of the first anime films I have seen, the original "Vampire Hunter D" is a classic.  I knew that this was a perfect candidate for a sequel, and when that day came I was amidst some of the firsts to go and view this sequel.  Now, I know that the general rules of sequels is that they cannot be better than the first, well that was one of the best things about "Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust" it broke all the rules. The story does not borrow from the first film or has anything to do with it except for the character and setting being the same.  In the extremely distant future, vampires and other creatures of the night prowl the world terrorizing the humans that would see them dead.  In this world there is D, an extremely capable vampire hunter who is a dunpeal, half-human and half-vampire.  He is asked to bring back a human girl who has been kidnapped by the vampire Meier Link back to her family, but he isn't alone.  Competing against him are the Markus Brothers, a family of bounty hunters out for the same money. The story is executed in a fashionable way to attract even the hard-pressed of viewers.  Basically, the best way to describe it is a "techno gothic western."  The characters are well fleshed out, even D, who remains stoic throughout the whole film, is filled with the angst, hatred, and heroic fortitude that can be felt by watching him Now, as you all have heard by now, the animation is completely breath taking.  There is no moment in the film where you can't appreciate the finely tuned skills of Madhouse ("Ninja Scroll," "Trigun," and recently "Metropolis").  The sound and voice acting is just as good.  Kawajiri-san (director of "Wicked City," "Ninja Scroll," and "X:The TV Series") wrote the film's script in English because let's face it, the film is more Western than Eastern.  However, the American voice actors do a good job as their respected characters.  Finally, the music, what's there to be said?  It's such a beautiful ambiance that only helps to amplify the whole experience of this film. Now, the only flaw I find in this film is how some people find the idea of a vampire hunter passe by now, thanks to "Buffy" and "Blade."  However, "Buffy" applies mostly to teenagers who enjoy style.  And "Blade" is much too techno to be considered in the same field as "D," despite them both having the "dunpeal" aspect.  "D" is a much more honest attempt at the vampire hunter because of how it executes it's ideas.  Unlike "Blade's" and "Buffy's" modern look, "D" harkens back to times of old mixing in with new ideas.  Thus, making the film more original than most vampire movies in it's little Akira Kurisowa/John Ford style ways. "VHD:Bloodlust" is less of a movie and more of an experience for otakus and non-otakus alike.  I suggest this movie to everyone.  If you like vampires, anime, westerns, sci-fi, or not, this is worth seeing.  In a time when computers are trying to rule everything in film, it's nice to see one film that stands out above the rest.  You'll be happy to sink your teeth into this one. -RW     