 Every once in awhile some anime comes along that has otakus saying "DUDE!!  DUDE!!  YOU GOTTA SEE THIS!!!  THIS IS THE GREATEST ANIME EVER!!!"  And it turns out that the anime in question turns out to be so hyped up that it ends up dissapointing.  Well, "Fushigi Yugi" is no exception.  However, even though "Fushigi Yugi" may not be the greatest, it is certainly light years ahead from mediocre.  And is definitely worth watching...many times over. By now, you probably have read the plot either from some other otaku or from someone else's review.  Basically, two girls find a book that sends them to a mythical universe, the Universe of the Four Gods to be correct.  There they meet a vast array of heroes and villains, face the trials of love and hate, and are even pitted against one another.  There's more but I'll let you all figure it out for yourselves.  Behind it all is a remarkable (if not cliched) love story. The show is based on Yu Watase's popular shoujo (basically meaning "for girls" ) manga.  Now the instant I say "shoujo" I end up turning off the attention of the male otakus.  However, they must know that "Gundam Wing' was meant for a shoujo audience as well.  So , if you've watched "Gundam Wing" and liked it, you will like/love this. Much like "Gundam Wing" the series has plenty of love story for the girls, and lots of action for the guys.  The story is unrelenting in its pacing (this is after all 52 episodes worth of story, not counting the OVAs).  One minute the characters are caught in a wind of romance, next minute they're being tossed through the chaos of war, then they're faced with a new problem.  Sort of an emotional rollercoaster that gives it a rather European feeling to it, and never lets go of the viewers attention. However, the plot is uneven at times.  Granted, this is a shoujo, so it is heavy on love.  So heavy that at times it feels unusual when the two lovers start saying each others names...over...and over...and over again.  There is almost a smothering feeling with the continuous "I love you but I can't" theme.  At times it can be sweet, at other times it can drive a person to drive pins into their ears and eyes.   But, if there is one thing I can say about the love story aspect of "Fushigi Yugi," unlike most anime that feature this kind of story, the emotions the characters feel towards each other are real.  So real that I couldn't believe that they were scripted.   Now, if there is one thing I could write accolades about; wonderful cast.  The characters seemed as if they were created with personalities first, THEN molded into the bodies you see.  The characters are so well made that viewers will feel the happiness, the pain, the sorrow, and the hope that the characters go through.  You'd be hard-pressed not to like this wonderful crew of beguiled heroes and villains. The animation is crisp and clear, almost on par with anime like "Trigun" and "Gundam X."  There are only a few uses of stock-footage in battle scenes but that's forgivable.   The art is good but could have been a little better.  This kind of artwork nearly reminded me of the plain art of "Berserk" or "Slayers."  But like the stock footage, this can be overlooked.   Good music.  Another plus.  Nothing more to say on that. Now, my MAJOR FLAW with the series is purely of an anime nature.  Too many people like this anime.  If you mention "Fushigi Yugi" in front of any otaku, they will go crazy.  But that isn't the main problem; many of them don't even know why.  Their reasons fall on the same plane; "Dude, it had a good plot" or "It was so cute!!  WAI WAI WAI!!!"  As one who has basically grown up with anime, it almost deters everything that anime stood for.  If one wants to truly appreciate anime, you cannot do it by picking out the anime EVERYONE and their iguana know and love.  There are few otaku who see beyond the "new stuff" and look at the classics that made anime what it is.  Granted, this IS A GOOD ANIME (I said it, now don't lynch me) but there are others to. In the end, "Fushigi Yugi" is like an old working golden watch you find in a treasure chest.  Though it may be an old concept and has a couple of scratches, you can't help but look beyond the flaws and see it for it's real beauty and that it still gets its job done.  "Fushigi Yugi" is a must watch for all anime fans. -RW     