 ...P>The story behind "Blue 6" is simple, but made meaninglessly complex. Apparantly the script writers decided that instead of coming up with their own ideas, it would be much more fun to borrow a story-line that seems less in place with anime and more in line with the plot of a Marvel comic book... The story is completely redundant. You have everything in here to make a cliche'd movie that only the Sci-fi channel would want to run. Sure, there are a few imagninative moments here and there,... The characters are possibly the rarest to find even in bad anime....these characters don't make any sense!! Who are they? Where did they come from? Why are they in charge of this submarine? Why do they have a little kid working the communications? And why does one of their team mates resemble a more amsculine Wionna Ryder? Seriously, if you're going to spend this much time working on the overall look of the OAV, you might as well have put some thought into the characters. No matter, what happens to them or what troubles they face, you never seem to care about what happens to the crew, not enough detail was given even for that...  The music was very annoying...simply put. It sounded as if someone stole sheet music from yoko Kanno, then decided that they didn't like they way the score was arranged, so they took liberties upon changing the music into something less interesting and more...cold. The music just seems to "start up" without any purpose and it really throws your mind for a loop it doesn't have to go through. It's basically jazz, if you can call that, and it really doesn't have a place in the world of "Blue Sub 6."  The battle sequences are the only things that are well animated, and even then they seem to be borrowing ideas from anime that involve starships. So the battlescenes basically turn what seemed like an original submarine/post-apoclyptic anime into "Macross"-underwater. They do give some thrill, but what's the point? The story is so lame you hardly understand why there are underwater battles going on in the first place. The series is only 4 episodes long. 4 episodes=4 DVDs. That's 1 episode per DVD, so each DVD is 30 minutes long...something ain't right here. Why pay [$$] for thirty minutes? It makes no sense!! And to top it off, these DVD's don't come with any extras,  Overall, "Blue Sub 6" could have been a better anime, but not in this lifetime...     