 Often when an anime series becomes wildly popular, it spawns several sequels, spin offs, and other such things.  The "mobile Suit Gundam" series is one of those series.  It's been around for 20 years and shows no signs of stopping.  But can an anime so amazing transcend through time and still manage to keep the same themes without becoming cliche and also be fresh?  Yes, yes it can.  And "Mobile Suit Gundam: The 08th MS Team" is proof.    "8th MS Team" is one of the many Gundam titles that Bandai has released as part of it's Gundam invasion.  The 12-episode OVA series came out in 1996 and takes place in the year U.C. 0079 of the Gundam Timeline.  The story chronicles the story of Fedearation pilot, Lt. Shiro Amada and his team of Mobile Suit pilots as they try to survive the remainder of the One-Year War.  But Shiro's fate is altered by the war when he falls in love with a Zeon pilot named Aina Sahalin.  How can love survive in a battlefield filled with hatred?  Watch and see.       Unlike other Gundam series, that often involve dynamic battles that take place on both Earth and in space, "08th MS Team" strictly remains within the imposing environments of South-East Asia.  Also, unlike the wildly popular "Gundam Wing," the Mobile Suits in this series are not shown as celestial gods, but what they were originally intended to be; war machines.  The Gundams in this series are treated more like tanks and airplanes rather than "the ultimate harbringers of death" like in many anime series featuring giant robots, a staple theme in the Gundam series.   The story is well-done and brings a new-light on the Gundam story from 20 years ago.  The events in this story take place at roughly the same time the events in Mobile Suit Gundam take place.  Having the story take place on the neglected Earth battlefield allows for a perspective that does not screw up the Gundam history (*cough cough* Stardust Memory *cough cough*) and at the same time allows for something new.   The characters are very interesting.  As with most of the Gundam series, watching the characters interact with one another is just as amazing as watching the Mobile Suits battle.  Each character has his or her own dillema and manages to develop themselves as better characters through out the entire series.  This is possibly one of the best cast acts seen in any anime, almost surpassing that of "Fushigi Yuugi's" and "Patlabor's," and that is a lot.   The animation is also extraordinary, there is rarely a dull moment in the action portrayed on screen.  And since the series is only 12 episodes long, it allows for animation that can rival most Hollywood movies.  It also allows for no re-used scenes in any of the action sequences, which anime like "Dargon Ball Z" and "Ronin Warriors" has become so fond of doing.   The music is also well-orchestrated and paced in quite well with the rest of the series.  True, although it's not the amazing pieces created by Two Mix for "Gundam Wing," it's still something you would want to hum to when in the car.   My only gripe with this series is that it leaves a few things up in the air as far as backgrounds go.  Sometimes, I wondered more about the deeper stories the characters have to tell, I'm quite sure they are as interesting as the main story.  Well, it IS a 12-episode OAV so there is not enough time to dive into every one's stories, but it's still a wanted addition that would have probably enhanced the series.   Also, if someone doesn't know what a Zaku or a Gouf is, then they will be left in the dark as to some of the terminology used in the series.  Luckily, DVD's 2, 3, 4 have bonus clips and MS Encyclopedia's under their extras that will turn a beginner in the Gundam universe into a Mobile Suit Master.   In the end, "The 08th MS Team" is a highly reccomended anime, and a must-have for any fan of Gundam, as well as a must-have for anyone who fancy's themself a Gundam-head.  This series will want you to suit-up...again...and again...and again...  -RW     