   I've seen several science fiction series in my time.  All of which boast to be the greatest.  "Star Trek," "Buck Rogers," "Battlesar Galactica," "Far Scape," "Stargate S-G1."  Fine shows in their own right and I have no problem against them.  But there has always been a place for "Mobile Suit Gundam."  A 25 year-old franchise that has becomes Japan's most popular science fiction series.  Many American fans are familiar with such (lackluster) titles as "Gundam Wing" and "Gundam Seed," but none of those series hold a candle to this addition to the "Gundam Universe," which is quite possibly the best entry into the stories..."Mobile Suit Zeta Gundam."    Produced back in 1985, written and directed by the "Father of Gundam" Yoshiyuki Tomino, "Zeta Gundam" has been hailed by anime nuts as the pinnacle "Gundam" series.    The story takes place in Universal Century 0087 (between "Mobile Suit Gundam 0083" and "Mobile Suit Gundam ZZ").  It has been seven years since the end of the One Year War, and the Principality of Zeon is long dead.  In order to prevent another war from occuring, the Federation creates the Titans; a sort of interstellar S.S. that watches over the colonies.  Of course, the Titans turn out to be crueler than expected, and resort to tyranny in order to control the colonies.  In response, the A.E.U.G. (Anti Earth Union Group) is formed, made up mostly of former Federation and Zeon soldiers, they strive to oust the Titans.  Enter Kamille Bidan, a young Newtype who witnesses the cruelty of the Titans.  During a skirmish on his home colony, Kamille ends up in the cockpit of his father's Mark 2 Gundam.  In the heat of battle he winds up on the side of the A.E.U.G.  and from that moment on...his life is changed forever.    The show is darker and grittier than anything that has been shown on "Gundam Wing" or "Seed."  Here, the mobile suits are not invincible and the cost of war is high.  Lives are lost, love is crushed, and relationships are pushed closer to the fire.  This is classic Tomino and it is rare to find another anime that's as raw and as powerful as this.    The series does show its age (it's almost 20 years old by this point), but I do not see how that can hinder any TRUE anime fan.    The battle sequences are well-thought out and there is always an element of danger in each episode.  The outcome of the battles are never easily predicted, and the body count climbs to staggering heights as the series progresses.    Those familiar with Tomino's works (aside from "Gundam" he has also directed series such as "Dunbine," "Brain Powered" and "Overman King Gainer") will know that the man loves stories about human beings.  And essentially, that's what the characters of "Zeta Gundam" are; humans.  Complete with problems and faults very much like our own.  It's very easy to connect with these characters and you learn to feel for them as time goes on.    Adding to this is the epic-scale music.  A nice misture between "Star Blazers"-style orchestra and "Nausicaa"-type synthesizers.  The effect isn't as cheesy as it sounds (pun not intended) and works well with the images on-screen.    Moving onto the DVD specs...well, I'm not kidding when I say this is quite possibly the best anime box set to date.    Not only does one get all 50 episodes, included is a poster, a 48 page encyclopedia, and 9 pencil sharpeners/mobile suit figurines. All this in a box drawn by Tsukasa Kotobuki of "Saber Marionette J" and "Godannar" fame.    Again, this is a LIMITED release.  So grab yours while you can.    "Zeta Gundam" is a marvel of tale that belongs up there with the greats of sci-fi stories.  Even if you're not a fan of science fiction or giant robots in particular, this anime will have something for everyone.  After all, who doesn't love a great story?  -RW     