 Mansoor has written a strong rebuttal to those who have been critical of the performance of the U.S. Army in the Second World War.  It appears to be directly aimed at relatively recent historical analysis which unfavourably  compares it with the Germany army.  (At the forefront of such opinion is  Martin van Crevald's academic monograph "Fighting Power:  German and  U.S. Army performance 1939-1945", but it is a view subscribed to by  numerous other more "popular" writers such as the best-selling  John Keegan.) Lieutenant Colonel Mansoor limits his discussion to the  Infantry Division, which after all formed the great majority of the  eigthty-nine divisions fielded by the U.S. Army in World War II. He  describes in detail the formation and subsequent training of these  formations in the United States prior to being shipped overseas.  The  emphasis is on the importance of continuous effective leadership and  uninterupted preparation for combat; he understandably again and again  remarks on the deleterious effects of frequent command change and  especially the stripping of older units to provide the core personnel of  newer divisions.  While these may have been unavoidable consequences of  rapid mobilization, they inevitably resulted in trouble when the more  experienced German Army was first encountered.  By itself this segment of  his book is worth reading since it provides a good summary of an important  area that is often little commented on. The bulk of the book, however,  deals with the operational histories of the divisions once they were  deployed in North Africa, Italy and Northwest Europe.  By illustrating his  points with numerous detailed examples, he wishes to convey the way in  which units matured and grew in effectiveness as combat experience was  gained and adaptations were made to new and often unexpected circumstances.   He particularly pays attention to the role of superlative artillery, tank,  air and logistical support, constantly reiterating the importance of a  "combined arms" approach to prosecuting land war.  Against this  background, he further dwells on the extremely critical issue of personnel  replacement and the problems and advantages of the approach adopted by the  U.S. Army in Europe. The final (and shortest) segment deals with a  synopsis of his thesis that the fighting power of American Infantry  Divisions was ultimately unparalleled and certainly second to none.  It is  here that perhaps his analysis does not quite match the depth of his  preceeding much more lengthy build-up. No one can doubt the the final  success of the American Army in its contest with Germany; and this by  itself is compelling evidence of the effectiveness of its Infantry arm when  combined with support from other branches and service.  But somehow his  discussion is perhaps not always as clearly convincing as one might expect.   Nonetheless this book represents an important counterbalance to those on  the other side who have often been unnecessarily and unjustifiably critical  of U.S. Army fighting power. (Incidentally, readers may find Mansoor's  discussion of S.L.A. Marshall's contentious views on American infantry  performance very interesting and informative.  In his last chapter he  provides some keen insights into the significance of Marshall's now largely  refuted statement that only about a quarter of all combat infantrymen fired  their weapons.  He places this questionable idea in the context of  Marshall's much more significant contribution in other areas.)     