 Victor Davis has presented in a compelling fashion the thesis that the historically most powerful and effective armies are those motivated by democratic, altruistic principles.  And yet-- paradoxically--these  self-same armies are not infrequently led by strongly authoritarian (even  at times overtly antidemocratic) generals.  To illustrate this view he  compares three campaigns:  the Theban Epaminondas' assault on the  stronghold of Spartan power in Classical Greece; Civil War General  Sherman's "march to the sea" from Atlanta to Savanah in 1864; and  Patton's lightning mobile warfare across France and Germany in 1944/45. For  the most part the comparisons seem apt and convincing.  While there is  considerable room for debate about many of his particular assessments (you  only have to look at a number of the other reviews to be convinced that  this is true!), overall his arguments are generally persuasive, even  comforting.  I say the latter because I think most of us are predisposed to  feel that ultimately the armies of "good" should actually triumph  over the armies of "evil". While some may find this almost  Manichaean concept simplistic, it does have a powerful appeal. Even if  you don't agree with the basic premises of the book, it does make for  stimulating and provocative reading at a number of levels.  I for one did  not know much if anything about the remarkable Epaminondas or his equally  amazing army of hoplites; I found this segment particularly fascinating.   Having read John Keegan's earlier "The Mask of Command", I was  also struck by the contrasting choice of protagonists made by these two  capable historians. Where Hanson uses Epaminondas/Sherman/Patton to  illustrate his points, Keegan champions the trilogy of  Alexander/Wellington/Grant.  The two books perhaps should be read side by  side, since they provide sometimes quite different assessments of what are  usually revered military leaders.  It would be interesting to see a  discussion by the two authors of each others work!     