 Victor Davis Hanson is by trade apparently both a California viniculturist and an academic scholar of classical Greek history.  So John Keegan says in his introduction to this new edition of an established minor classic.  The  improbable combination of such disparate occupations has shaped his  conception of ancient Greek warfare:  he argues that the ritualistic  hoplite battle formalized during the "golden period" of Greek  antiquity was inextricably linked to the nature of Greek agriculture.  To  avoid devastating loss of food (particularly wine) production and  desolation of invaluable land, the seemingly ceaseless wars between Greek  city states and their various shifting alliances had to be short, rapidly  decisive, and--necessarily as a result--brutally sanguineous.  Greeks  deliberately fought according to a set of mutually acknowledged rules that  limited wartime injury to the participating infantrymen themselves, and  kept intact the soil and farms from which they came.   In his book Hanson  takes us step by step through the violent clash of opposing Greek armies  and reveals in remarkably technical detail just what was involved.  Perhaps  even more important, he recreates the personal experience of individual  participants during such a battle.  Following in the footsteps of many  modern (post-World War II) historians who are more interested in the  private soldier than the commanding general, he gives us a gritty sense of  what it was like for Greek farmer soldiers to undergo combat in traditional  phalanx formation.  (Consequently, Steven Pressfield acknowleges that  Hanson was one of the sources he referred to when writing his engrossing  "Gates of Fire", a fictional treatment of the famous Battle of  Thermopylae.) In this sense there is a firm connection between ancient  and modern warfare:  ultimately it was--and is--fought by men who must deal  with their own personal fears of wounding, dismemberment, and death.  This  has not changed, and so long as there is still a human element to war, will  not change.  But Hanson takes a step beyond simple individual motivation;  and in the closing pages of the book he discusses the implications of  modern total warfare, where the ritualized, bloody (but still carefully  limited) battle of  ancient Greece has given way to the usually  uncontrolled, all-destructive (rather than fundamentally conserving) combat  of today.  It makes for thoughtful, stimulating reading. (Those who find  this subject matter interesting might find other Hanson books worth looking  at.  His more recent "Soul of Battle" devotes its first third to  a discussion of war between Thebes and Sparta.  "The Wars of the  Ancient Greeks" is one volume of a slick series of popular histories  which have John Keegan as their editor; aimed at the uninitiated general  public, this title nonetheless is a good introduction to warfare in  classical Greece.)     