 Few images are as evocative of the "romance" of naval warfare as that of the wooden, square-rigged, line-of-battle ship.  Combining soul-stirring beauty with a underlying sense of power, these ponderous vessels dominated maritime strategy and professional thinking for more than two hundred years.  Generations of sea-going officers passed from callow youth to old age on their rolling decks, and it is not therefore surprising that the tradition of "fighting sail" became the dogma that was most deeply entrenched in naval sociologic values.  When the metal, steam-powered, heavily-gunned battleship of the late 1800's finally replaced the obsolete wooden man-of-war, the naval officer corps transferred to the former the emotional attachment and affection previously invested in the latter.  And the modern battleship (particularly the massive, all-big-gun Dreadnought's that began coming down the slipways in the early 1900's) was a worthy successor:  while lacking the innate charm of the earlier ships, they conveyed by their size, speed, and massive armament a manifestly obvious power that was commensurate with the self-perceived seriousnous and importance of those that sailed in them.  Just as the naval community was loathe at one time to accept the demise of sail-power, it too was subsequently extremely reluctant to see technological change overtake the battlewagons from which so much of their self-image was derived.  Consequently, such ships continued to be built at great national expense long after submarines and aircraft (both land- and carrier-based) had displaced them as the prime agents of naval warfare. Robert L. O'Connell ducuments the above with great skill and insight.  He writes from the self-admitted perspective of one who has always been fascinated with modern battleships.  His ambivalence is all the more telling since he effectively shows how tradition, ingrained and self-serving sociologic factors, and other human elements combine to cloud professional judgement and stiffle technological innovation.  It is not just lack of imagination, or bureaucratic inertia, or maladroit management that results in navies preparing inappropriately for the last-- and not the next--war; it is also the near religious, personal attachment to a particularly beloved weapon that is sometimes even more important.  As a paradigm for (to use an overworked expression) present day selection of weapon systems, this represents and important and cautionary tale.     