 Even now, more than sixty years after her sinking, the German battleship Bismark continues to capture the imagination. Having sunk the British battlecruiser HMS Hood (then the largest ship in the Royal Navy) in one engagement, she was--in turn--overwhelmed in a second by the battleships HMS Rodney and King George V. The irony, or course, is that the latter two warships could only catch up with the Bismark because her rudders were already damaged by an aerial torpedo launched from an antiquated, aircraft carrier-based, Swordfish biplane. In conjunction with the successful earlier attack on the Italian battle fleet in Taranto harbour by other such carrier torpedo bombers, the demise of the battleship as the ultimate agent of naval warfare was clearly demonstrated. (In fact, if the British carriers had been equipped with modern aircraft of the type even then operational with both the American and Japanese navies, there would have been no need at all for battlehips to participate in "The Destruction of the Bismark". This is a point that the book might have expanded on more fully.) David Bercuson and Holger Herwig nonetheless do a clear and workman-like job presenting the facts of these events as they unfolded in 1941. They are good at revealing the human side of the major participants in both navies, and show how personality and service "politics" (again, both German and British) had a not insignificant influence on the outcome. Their description of the actions is detailed and carefully researched, and captures much of the drama which was inherent in the clash of large ships on cold and moody seas. In a somewhat tangential aside, they examine in an interesting fashion the minor role played by the less-than-neutral U.S. Navy, and the effect that the demise of first the Hood and then the Bismark had on the deepening American involvement in World War II.  The book is quite worth reading as a result so long as one does not become overly irritated by the numerous minor technical errors that are present throughout. (The armament of the British KGV class battleships is muddled on several occasions; the German warships Hipper and Lutzow were a heavy cruiser and a "pocket battleship" respectively, and not the reverse. These are just two examples of the type of niggling mistakes which should have been caught in proof-reading, and detract from what is otherwise a creditable piece of exposition.) Both of the authors (particularly Bercuson) are well known in Canada as academic military historians; one wonders what comments and grades they give to student essays which demonstrate a similar degree of carelessness.     