 Edwin O'Connor wrote about the Irish.  Not the near mythical folk of the Emerald Isle, but the gritty, down-to-earth, American Irish of which he was one.  They say a writer of fiction must write about that which he knows  best, and O'Connor has clearly demonstrated in such books as "All in  the Family", "The Last Hurrah", and especially "The  Edge of Sadness"--my personal favourite--that he knew the Irish  immigrant community of Boston as well as anyone. Parochial American Irish  culture and society in the 1950's and 1960's provide the intricately  detailed back-drop for all his stories, but this book in particular has  much greater depth and applicability.  The specific tale of Irish-American  Roman Catholic priest Hugh Kennedy is nothing more than the subtext for the  broader human search for the meaning of life!  In this case compelling  Faith (or the disturbing loss thereof) is the stuff of meaning for Father  Hugh, and the books tracks his course through callow youth and subsequent  middle age as he eventually comes to terms with his religion and its place  in his life.  Throughout this rambling journey of self-discovery, it's the  frequently aggravating, sometimes venal, often blindly prejudiced, and  ultimately very entertaining menagerie of ethnic characters that gives  context to a drifting existence.  (O'Connor comes perilously close to  stereotyping much of the time, yet his pure literary virtuosity and  unfailing grasp for vernacular Irish dialogue saves him every time!) It is  these Irish Americans themselves that ultimately provide the sustenance and  direction and support that allows Hugh Kennedy to make his uneasy peace  with the world.  The Irish it seems are a sad and melancholy lot.  But  then aren't we all, if we can't find a place in the universe where we can  ultimately find happiness and contentment.  Here's to you, Father Hugh, who  walked to that abyssal edge of despair and had the courage to draw back and  go on living!  And here's to you, Edwin O'Connor, who has written a  marvellously moving and engaging novel!     