 This is indeed a fascinating book!  (Perhaps part of that fascination stems from the fact that it's been written at all--or at least written so quickly after the events described--given the issues of national and international security involved and the forces of military institutional self-interest that would have militated against its production.)  In it U.S. Army General Wesley Clarke writes with exceptional clarity about the recent war in Kosovo from his very personal perspective as "SACEUR" (NATO's Supreme Allied Commander, Europe).  He describes in day-to-day (and sometimes even hour-to-hour) detail the events leading up to the decision to launch an air campaign against Serbia, and then in similar intimate detail shows the command process by which it was effectively (or perhaps not always so effectively) waged.  It is clear that this is not the whole story:  issues of military secrecy ensure that many aspects have either not been totally dealt with, or probably not touched on at all (for instance, the possible role of espionage in the operational loss of an F-117 stealth fighter receives no comment!); furthermore, it is entirely told from the viewpoint of the in-theatre commander, without complete discussion of the events (particularly those in Washington) occuring more distantly from the physical site of the unfolding crisis, a fact which the author frankly acknowledges.  Nonetheless, this book has a sense immediacy and versimilitude which can only be attained when the facts as perceived by the writer are still fresh in his mind;  it is therefore a valuable contribution to our understanding of a very significant (but generally poorly understood) international crisis.   One would have to be mindful, however, that by publishing so rapidly after his retirement from the army (that is, while many of the other "players" are constrained in their formal reactions by continuing active military service), he gets to establish the historical "first-take" on the conflict, and thereby makes his the version with the greatest possible lasting impact.  (A literary corollary, in fact, of the military maxim that "he who first takes the high ground, wins!")  As to content, this book is filled with references to contentious issues which are sometimes remarkably bluntly discussed:  the nature of fighting a less than popular war within the difficult context of an Allied (ie. coalition) command sructure; the lack of perceived support and understanding by his own national command structure at home; the political restrictions placed on military actions; the distrustful personal views of fellow senior (predominantly American) military commanders who were felt to be undermining the military campaign ("four-star ego"); and even the lack of direct discussion (as a regional Commander-in-Chief) with the political leadership of the United States (particularly President Clinton).  Usually tactfully, cooly worded, his extensive treatment of these problematic issues is perhaps all the more startlng for the rational, unemotional way in which they are dealt with.  Undoubltedly, there eventually will be contrary views expressed and detailed rebutals published as time goes by; but each of these will certainly have to deal with Clarke's concise and thoughtfully written final chapter which deals with the lessons learned from the conflict and the changes that must be considered to implement necessary reform.  Criticism of personalities (such as Clarke) is always possible, but it is much more difficult to deride or ignore a carefully reasoned prescription for military institutional improvement; the United States would only do so at its great risk!     