 This is LKH's third stinker in a row!  I'm tired of spending money on complete and utter trash!  So I won't anymore.  This is the last book of hers I'll buy unless she does a complete turnaround!  I LOVED the first 9 books, but with NIC she went downhill into smutdom.  If I wanted erotica books, I'd buy an erotica books.  I don't know the characters anymore.  Anita is a complete stranger to me, Dolph is becomming a complete jerk, and there are more charcters that were introduced for the sole purpose of having sex with Anita.  I HATE what LKH has done to Richard.  I loved Richard in the first 9 books.  But it seems Richard was getting a fan base and LKH couldn't have readers wanting Anita with Richard rather than Jean-Claude, so she did something with Richard's character that didn't make any sense: she made him a wimp and slightly insane.  Meanwhile, we're all supposed to love Jean-Claude for some reason, and I have yet to discover why.  Except that he's beautiful.  Not good enough for me.  (And I haven't been given any reason to love Micah yet, I'm still trying to figure out exactly who he is)  Forget my problems with character development, for a moment.  There is precious little story here.  There is the making for a decent plot but instead 80% of the book is about Anita having sex with every male who crosses her path.  10 pages of story, 30 of sex, 10 pages of story, 30 of sex.  It gets very old, VERY quickly.  It was all "Oh no!  So-and-so is dying!  Anita we have to have sex to save him!"  Yuck.  Everytime the plot moved forward, I got excited thinking I was finally going to get a story told to me but no.  My hopes and dreams were dashed.  I started hoping that Edward would show up and put a bullet in Anita's brain to put us all out of our miseries.    So I'm done with LKH until she smartens up and returns Anita to what she does best: solve crime and kill bad guys.  I'm going to miss Anita.  Does anyone know of any book or series that were like Anita in the beginning?       