 I must have seen the commercial dozens of times on TV, and was happy when it became widely available. I was a stranger to the New Age music genre, but something about this collection just pulled me in. Eventually, I bought this CD, and was spellbound. In retrospect, this is quite a mixed bag, but is a nice introduction to New Age.  It starts with Enigma's "Return to Innocence" a classic by one of the masters of the genre. It combines synths, the breeze of the lead singer's voice, and an Indian chant to form a good tune and quite an opener.  Next comes the radio edit of New Age icon Enya's magnum opus "Orinoco Flow (Sail Away)". Although Enya would go on to do far better stuff than this, this was the first big hit that would help make her the success she is today. A good tune, especially for strangers to Enya's music.  Third up is the bizarre, "Sweet Lullaby" by Deep Forest. This one is, more or less, a "grow on you" kind of track. The woodwind interlude, the beat, the melody, and the mystic vocals make the song more engaging and haunting every listen.  4th comes part IV of Oxygene. The old-timer Oxygene is a new age staple and represents Jean Michele Jarre's finest work. Loaded with Synths and moody melodies, it's a classic.  Next, the chilling X Files theme is given the techno remix treatment. And what a weird treatment it is. There are techno beats, a counter melody, and one line spoken periodically over the soundtrack. Could probably do without this one.  Fortunately it ends quickly enough and clears the way for part one of Mike Oldfield's chilling "Tubular Bells". Fans of The Exorcist will remember this one in a heartbeat. Listening out of context of the film, the song is still haunting and intense, but at the same time quite beautiful and enchanting.  For track seven, Enigma's back with another heart-pounding tune, Sadeness. The whispered vocals, sanctuary choir, and intense bridge just further prove that nobody can do New Age and mood pieces quite like Enigma  Before the effect of Sadeness can even begin to fade, it's time for "Adiemus", the theme from Songs of Sanctuary and probably the biggest jewel on the collection. Adiemus is unique in its mock language, breathtaking harmonies, and gorgeous melody.   After Adiemus, Jan Hammer tomes things down with the smooth "Crockett's Theme". Nothing much to comment on this instrumental, except that it's a lovely piece well worth listening to.  The Theme From "The Mission" is not so lucky. It's short and sweet, but not very effective. It pales particularly compared to the preceding tracks.  David Byrne's title theme from "The Last Emperor" is a little bit more exciting, filmic, and thematic with a distinctive oriental sound. Nothing great, but well worth the listen.  Following is Sacred Spirits' "Yeha-Noha (Wishes of Happiness and Prosperity)". Of all the tracks on Pure Moods, this one is probably the most infectious. I personally could not get it out of my head for weeks after first hearing it. There's a wonderful, spiritual warmth to this track making it one of the best on the album.  "Fire Walk With Me" is the familiar theme from the classic show Twin Peaks. It's a nice, nostalgic track, but painfully overlong and repetitive at 5 minutes.  Next is another 5 minute track, Geoffery Oryema's memorable masterpiece "Makambo". Oryema's voice is beautiful, and the song is above all else, sweet and serenading.  We're now in the home stretch of the collection. The final three tracks begin with "My Wife With Champagne Shoulders" by Mark Isham. There are some beautiful string arrangements to this piece which has an almost classical feel to it. Sadly it too runs a bit overlong.   In contrast, the piano piece "The Promise" played and written by Michael Nyman, is short, restless, and desperate while also melodic, touching, and powerful.  And finally, the collection wraps up with the upbeat, jazzy "Lily Was Here" by saxophonist Candy Dulfer. While at first glance, out of place in a New Age compilation, this closer steps away from the haunting, deep, rich, fantasy atmosphere created by the album and ends on an upbeat note.  So all in all, this is a fantastic collection of some of the best pieces ever made for the genre. There have been sequel collections and other attempts to compile pure tunes such as these, but as far as I'm concerned, it doesn't get much better than this. I personally recommend checking out the works of Enigma, Enya, and also Loreena McKennit (who would later appear on Pure Moods 2). They're probably the elite of all the people here. But for newcomers, strangers to New Age, and people that want a surefire soothing collection of tunes, this is the best way to go.     