 After many years of waiting, the Batman franchise from 1989-1997 finally gets the much needed DVD treatment it deserves. Batman: The Motion Picture Anthology consists of the four pre-Begins big screen treatments of the world famous comic book icon. Fully restored and remastered and each film in special 2-disc editions, each packed with hours of cool extra features including trailers, documentaries (Including a fascinating history of Batman and serial documentary that spans the conception, creation, and release of all four movies), music videos, and commentaries all packed together in a cool collector's box. Although Burton and Schumacher's takes on the Dark Knights ultimately resulted in a mixed bag of movies ranging from good, to bad, to ugly, this is none the less a box set that no collector, movie buff, comic book junkie or Batman fan should be without.  The four movies contained in this set are Tim Burton's original 1989 summer hit Batman and his sequel Batman Returns followed by Joel Schumacher's follow-ups Batman Forever and Batman & Robin. For the sake of completion, I offer my reviews on each of the movies (in the traditional four star rating system):  Batman (1989) ***  Jack Nicholson and Michael Keaton square off as the deranged Joker who plans to run Gotham City into the ground and the one caped superhero that can stop him. The huge summer blockbuster endures as a museum piece of 1980's pop culture and one of the wildest popcorn romps since the original Star Wars. Danny Elfman's fantastic score and the wonderfully surreal visuals courtesy of Tim Burton and Anton Furst (who won an Oscar for his work on this film) result in a fun-filled action movie that excells in style, but sadly lacks in substance and, at times, coherence. Fortunately the cast and visual decadence help keep the film grounded. Followed by Batman Returns.   Batman Returns (1992) ***  Keaton returns as the Dark Knight and this time he's up against a deformed and demented sewer-freak (Danny DeVito) and a mousy secretary turned sultry and dangerous Catwoman (Michelle Pfeiffer). Darker, nastier and more twisted than its predecessor, Burton outdoes his own previous achievements in visual style and assembles an unforgettable cast (including a show-stealing performance from Christopher Walken) for a solid follow-up. Unfortunately the movie suffers the same problems with substance as the first film did. The plot is at times muddled and confusing, and the characters never quite reach their full potential. However, Batman Returns is enjoyable for much the same reasons as the film before it. Followed by Batman Forever.   Batman Forever (1995) **  In the third installment, Batman (played by Val Kilmer) battles Two-Face and The Riddler (Tommy Lee Jones and Jim Carrey), woos Dr. Chase Meridian (Nicole Kidman) and sees powerful promise in Dick Grayson (Chris O'Donnell). The movie shows potential in a dark corner of Bruce Wayne's memory and his relationship with his love interest Meridian and his sidekick-Robin-to-be Grayson. Unfortunately director Joel Schumacher shines the brighter spotlight on the painfully over-the-top villains (both of whom are miscast), garrishly contrived action scenes, and flashy special effects which are at best overkill, and at worst an eyesore. Followed by Batman & Robin.   Batman & Robin (1997) 1/2* The infamous fourth film in the Batman franchise stars George Clooney, Chris O'Donnell, Arnold Schwarzenegger, and Uma Thurman each in one of the worst performances of their careers as Gotham's dynamic duo and the villains they face off with: Mr. Freeze and Poison Ivy. Even more inane is Alicia Silverstone's performance as Batgirl. The film also suffers from Schumacher's over-the-top, often campy direction, and Akiva Goldsman's script is a combination of static cheese and painfully unfunny one-liners. The film is devoid of any humanity of its predecessors, and the "plot" is so incomprehensible, it makes the other movies look like Shakespearean tragedies. The movie does have some camp value, but it gives serious Batman fans every reason to revolt.   To those that have already seen the movies and know what to expect, I heartily recommend this set for the bonus features alone. Even the lesser Batman movies are worth investing money in for the special 2-disc treatment. For those that haven't seen the movies yet, this set is a great introduction to growing fans of Batman and between the movies and extra material will provide well over 24 hours of entertainment and information. From the discs themselves to the big box they come in, this is one cool collection that I highly recommend.  And of course don't forget Batman Begins.     