 The Phantom of the Opera reamins to this day Andrew Lloyd Webber's greatest triumph. Indeed, I've loved the show since I was six years old, and when I first got to see the show in Toronto, it had been enjoying a successful run in the Pantages Theatre for nearly three years. I grew up listening to the London Cast Recording and several years down the line, and a movie adaptation later, I continue to be moved by an astounding show and wonderful music.  That having been said, the Canadian cast recording is quite a disappointment even to the long time Phantom devotee and is sorely lacking in many respects. As Phantom has been recorded on several occasions, there is a great deal this recording has to compare to. The most compared recordings, however are the Original London Cast, The 2004 Motion Picture Soundtrack, and this one, and of these "Top Three" it is sad to say that the Canadian Cast runs inferior to both in all aspects. What should have been a sweeping spectacle, is a rather ineffective, underwhelming downer.  Since so much of what makes up this musical is singing, it was vital that a good cast be put together that could captivate with their vocal abilities, but also breathe life into their characters as they sing. The London cast had Michael Crawford, Sarah Brightman, and Steve Barton as the leads and a gifted "performance" cast behind them. The Canadian cast seems to have been more concerned for people that were classically trained singers than they were for solid singer/actors, and as a result many of the numbers that rely on the powerful emotion of the scene are rather stale and many of the characterizations fall flat buried under typical, straightforward singing.  And finally, since almost the entire show and its power are in the hands of the leads, the Canadian cast recording ultimately falls apart due to the fact that many of said leads are poorly cast.   First, there was Colm Wilkinson as the title role. Now I have great respect for Colm Wilkinson, and know from his performance as Valjean in Les Miserables, that he has considerable talent as a singer and powerful presence as a performer, but there's really no avoiding one simple reality...Colm Wilkinson was abysmal as the Phantom. In the best cases, he was not the least bit convincing as the character and sounded like Colm (or Valjean) singing Andrew Lloyd Webber. In the worst cases, he was thoroughly unlistenable with overpunctuated, off-pitch, and overly deep and strangled singing.   Equally unlistenable was Byron Nease as Raoul. Nease's tenor voice not only lacked the sentiment, romance, and warmth necessary for Raoul, but could often be outright irritating. It's enough to make one wish that the Phantom would just kick the stool out from under Raoul's feet and let the Punjab lasso do the rest.  Perhaps the only ray of light in an otherwise bland ensemble was Rebecca Caine. She performed Christine with a lovely balance of maturity and beauty. She had a lovely voice and enough drive behind her performance to bring Christine to life. The trouble is most of her singing falls into the void of her co-stars performance. Indeed her presence meant nothing to the fact that the final triumvirate at the finale (from Down Once More onward) was a total train wreck.   In the end, the only fully listenable tracks on this recording are Think of Me (despite inferior new lyrics, Byron Nease, and a rather poorly done end), Wishing You Were Somehow Here Again, Masquerade (though the ensemble is nothing spectacular here) and of course the thunderous Overture. For a more enjoyable listen and a greater emotional drive and power, I would recommend the vastly superior London Cast Recording with Michael Crawford, Sarah Brightman, and Steve Barton. Even the movie cast compares favorably to this rather dead rendering that is relatively soulless and uninspired.     