 I was a bit hesitant after reading a few negative reviews about this episode, but now I have no regrets. This has become overnight, my favorite episode.  Personally I love Joel and Mike equally as hosts, but Joel is really cool and funny on his episodes. And the bots are as hilarious and perhaps even more lovable than they are on the Scifi Channel episodes, but even on Scifi, they didn't lose much of their charm even if they did change a little. And I prefer Dr. Forrester and TV's Frank to Pearl Forrester, Bobo, and Brain Guy (although I do like the latter set of villains a lot).  But getting back to this particular episode, I can't see how anyone didn't enjoy this. From the absolutely brilliant segments including the hysterical invention exchange, a discussion about the subtlety of hell, single-parent familes in '60s sitcoms, and the most memorable of all being the one where the bots alter Joel's face so he looks like Arch Hall Jr. These are some of my favorite segments and are must-sees for any fan. And of course the movie....a poor quality, laughably bad teen movie about a caveman named Eegah (Richard Kiel) still alive in the 1960s, who falls for a teenage girl named Roxy (Marilyn Manning) after taking her and her father (Arch Hall Sr.) captive and then follows them to the city after they escape with the help of Roxy's butt-ugly, dorky, annoying boyfriend Tom (Arch Hall Jr.)....is mind-numbingly cheesy, but quite fun.  It's made even more fun by the outrageous jokes cracked by Joel and the bots, particularly Crow, whose caveman impersonations highlight the movie (When Eegah is making passes at Roxy, Crow growls out, "Eegah like get caught in rain" and after being shaved by Roxy (eew!) he looks in her little makeup mirror admiring his shorn face, Crow points out, "Me look like Anthony Michael Hall" and a moment later, "Hmmmmm....No more like Sandra Bernhard" all in a deep caveman voice) Perhaps the worst part of the movie are the songs sung by Arch Hall Jr, which are quite easy to end up stuck in your head causing further pain. Not only is he a terrible sight to look at (Servo describes him as "a Cabbage Patch Elvis", Joel points out that he resembles the bat from Ferngully and also shouts out "Sorry about my face!" during an early scene with Arch Hall Jr, and Crow speaks out Eegah's thoughts when the caveman first sees Roxy's boyfriend as, "Ooh, that face! I feel handsome in comparison!") and the songs are just plain awful. (Servo: "Come on, Eegah! Hurry up! Where's that club!?" All 3: "Eegah! Eegah! Bonk! Bonk! On the head!").  So all in all this movie on its own could cause either several laughs or long term pain, but thats where Joel, Tom Servo, and Crow come in. By all means, give this episode a try. It's a classic and a real treat. You'll be laughing out of the blue remembering lines several days afterwards. Enjoy yourself, and remember to "Watch out for snakes!"     