 Oh sure, I knew going in that this was The Beatles, this was "artistic", "psychadelic", and a bit "bizarre", but nothing could ever have prepared me for this. Between the unique animation, the vibrant, colorful worlds, the gaggle of strange creatures, stranger characters, and oddly-visualized Beatles tunes, this movie goes far beyond all expectations, and leaves even the mouth newest to the Beatles hanging wide open. The story concerns a magical, musical, colorful paradise known as Pepperland. A peaceful place until the day The Blue Meanies, led by one of the most demented, over-the-top villainous freaks around, attack turning the city into a place full of bleakness and despair. In a desperate effort, the plucky hero "Young Fred" escapes in the town's ancient Yellow Submarine to seek help. Help is foud in Liverpool, England in the form of none other than Ringo, John, George, and Paul themselves. The mellow, wisecracking group of singers set out with Fred and brave many strange dangers and obstacles of the sea to save Pepperland and fill it with cheer and music once again. Despite being a relic from the psychadelic era of the 60's, the movie is still as eye-popping, catchy, and delightful today when elaborate CGI animation reigns. The classic Beatles tunes and unforgettable lines, puns, and characterization essential to any film starring the Beatles combine to ensure the timelessness of the film. Among the highlights of the film are the scene in which Ringo is followed home by the Yellow Submarine, meets Fred, and calls on the other 3 (Although the Beatles themselves don't provide their own characters' voices, the voices are so well done in the film, it makes very little difference), the introduction to the "Nowhere Man", Jeremy (Although he does get a touch irritating as the film progresses, his first scene is superb), and the scene in which the Fab Four are lost in the "Foothills of the Headlands" (Set to "Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds", it is easily the weirdest scene of the movie). The abovementioned songs, as well as "Eleanor Rigby", "When I'm Sixty-Four", "Sgt Pepper's Lonely Heart's Club Band", "All You Need is Love", and others including the title track are pure delight and make this film the fantastic adventurein music it is. The only song that falls a bit flat is "All Together Now", a rather uninspired tune that the Beatles grudgingly threw together specifically for the film. It certainly sounds as though their hearts just weren't into it. Still it's not that bad. It doesn't harm the film, and hey some may like it. In conclusion, this movie is definitely a beauty. It's like nothing you've ever seen before or will ever see hence. It is quite easily among the top most bizarre movies ever made, and will definitely entertain. So sit back, relax, and prepare for an adventure like no other.     