 This seems a somewhat underrated album. I didn't laugh once during his last special ("You're All Diseased"), but this one  had its truly wonderful moments. Those of you who LIKED "You're All Diseased" will LOVE this one as it is even better than its predecessor. Carlin starts out a bit old fashioned beginning with a traditional one-liner and a quick introduction. He also repeats several of his old short takes from earlier in his career between routines. His take on the September 11th situation is a bit dry at first, but picks up when he talks bout his plan for overseas warfare (the Flatulent Airborne Reaction Team, F-A-R-T, FART and then he slips into a series of all-new fart jokes that are even funnier than the ones he gave in "Back in Town". His bit on Car Accidents is somewhat funny. He makes some interesting points, and he repeats some of his older thoughts on Accidents (Getting a view of what's going on if he sees an accident). The funniest line coming at the very end. Things that come off of our bodies is really funny at first, and then goes off towards the end. Carlin realizes this himself and manages to save himself at the very end ("I...sense I've gone too far...So I'll quit while i'm ahead, and I'll change the subject.") But easily the hilight of the show is his good long list of people who ought to be killed. This is some of the funniest material he's ever done. My favorites are "Children on Answering machines" and "Guys named Todd", but each one he does has at least one extremely funny line involved. This is worth the price of the whole album and is up with Airline Announcements as an instant classic. The Ten Commandments includes very good observations and sensible thinking. The end result is shortening the list to two commandments. Carlin isn't hysterical on this, but this brings out his genius and observational skills as do many of his shows. Once or twice a bit of the humor is missed because of a visual joke in the special, but it doesn't affect the quality too much. This is definitely a must have for Carlin fans. Each and every track on this album has at least one thing that'll really make you laugh. George Carlin is in fine form as always. My suggestion is buy this one. You've got nothing to lose.     