 I have to admit that I am a fan of the author's works, so this review may be biased. I agree with previously posted reviews here that this work is repetative and covers engineering failures at a very high level.  However,  I believe that this is an important work for those that do any type of  complex design or work with designs. I am not an engineer -- I'm an  information systems professional who believes that professionals should be  able to review failures, even those of other professions, to better address  risk in future projects.  The author does a great job of introducing this  concept in this book's preface: "...I believe that an understanding  and appreciation of engineers and engineering can be gotten without an  engineering or technical education.... I believe that the concept of  failure - mechanical and structural failure in the context of this  discussion - is central to unerstanding engineering, for engineering design  has as its first and foremost objective the obviation of failure.  Thus the  colossal disasters that do occur are ultimately failures of design, but the  lessons learned form those disasters can do more to advance engineering  knowledge than all the successful machines and structures in the  world." Take the word engineering out of the above quote and insert  any profession there and the quote still works. I found particularly erie  the background on the Comet, the first commercial jet aircraft.  In the the  chapter on Forensic Engineering, Petroski tells of a early Nevil Shute  novel, _No Highway_, in which Shute tells a very, very similar _fictional_  story about a failed commercail aircraft called the Reindeer.  I did not  know that Shute was an aero engineer working for de Haviland at the same  time as the Comet design.  Shute is best known for his work _On the  Beach_. Of interest to other information systems professions is the  chapter entitled From Slide Rull to Computer: Forgetting How It Used to be  Done. The bibliography of 11 pages may also be of interest to anyone  researching this subject. This Petroski work is a good introduction in to  his other works, as well as the topic of failure analysis....especially if  you aren't an engineer.     