 ERwin users finally have an independent text to use in addition to application documentation.  The work's introduction does a clear job of defining the target audience: "_Data Modeling with ERwin_ is intended  for use by novice modelers who are interested in producing quality logical  and physical data models using ERwin." ...and it does a good job on  the logical side, along with providing a good walkthough of ERwin,  specificly ERwin version 3.5.x.  Concepts presented are what I would call  generaly accepted practices - many organizations follow them with  successful results.  There are plenty of screenshots of ERwin, as well as  data model examples...and it *doesn't* use the common video store sample  data model. Part I, Modeling Concepts, includes a high-level overview of  a systems development methdology, albeit of the waterfall approach that is  not as popular today. It also covers normalization, a topic that I believe  is premature at this point of the work. This overview draws heavily on  works by Chen, Finkelstein, and Date. This text includes Best Practices,  Tips, and basic functionality of ERwin. It does not address any workarounds  for known problems, which I find to be its greatest weakness. However, if  you are new to ERwin the Best Practices, Tips, and Cautions will be a  valuable and timesaving resource. This book is primarily a Logical Data  Modelling resource, but it does cover Physical Data Modelling from the  ERwin point of view. Only 89 of the 384 pages of the work are devoted to  Physical Modelling. If you are new to data modelling as well as ERwin,  you will need additional resources on data modelling to support your new  skillset. If you are looking for a resource for managing physical data  models and databases, you'll have to rely on ERwin documentation and  resources such as the ERwin Users Discussion Group. If you are an  experienced data modeller or ERwin user, this book might not add value to  your reading....but it would be great to have around as a resource for  others: developers working to understand modelling, DBAs who are looking to  understand logical data modelling, and project managers wanting to  understand why this modelling stuff is taking so long....[g].     