 I am definitely not a professional photographer. I did some online research and the DC4800 came out way ahead comparing features to price.  At 3.1 megapixels, a 16 meg CF card, 3x optical zoom, etc. this camera is great for your first or second digital camera purchase.  If you are comparing features, put a great deal more weight on optical zoom capabilities over digital zoom.  Digital zoom is more of a marketing feature than a real one.  When a photo is digitally zoomed, all it is really doing is making the photo look bigger in the LCD (viewer) but this has a negative effect on the resolution. As a novice user, I found the automatic settings worked really well (from a novice point of view).  However, I believe the manual settings will meet our needs as well.  The menus on the LCD are very easy to read, even in sunlight.  This is something I've had trouble with on other devices. We tested our new camera at a conference in Anaheim.  This meant that we used it in a wide variety of lighting senarios, ranging from indoor/night/mood lighing of a restaurant to outdoors at Disneyland with bright sunshine.  Having used a Canon S100 in similar scenarios, I can tell you that the DC4800 performed tremendously better than the S100.  Indoor pictures rarely required the use of the flash, although pics using the flash tended to wash out a great deal. However, this was easily fixed by adjusting the white balance. Overall, we were very happy with our photos. I have to admit that our originally purchased camera had to be returned to because it had severe focusing problems, [....]  Our replacement unit performed much better and we are happy with our choice. A couple of tips for this camera: - Our lens cap has trouble staying on.  We may purchase another one.... along with an idiot cord to keep us from losing it[g]. - While we thought the battery life was very good, we will be purchasing a second battery and charger -- specially since the camera takes 4 hours to charge the battery (with no camera use while charging but the stand alone charger takes only a hour. - The 16 meg CF card that comes with this camera will not be enough.  Consider purchasing the biggest card you can afford.  Overall, I like this camera.     