 I purchased my new T7 to replace the Sony T1 that was stolen from my desk.  I guess everyone loves the tinest form factors as I do.  Let me start by saying that I have a nice digital camera that takes great photos.  However, it is HUGE compared to the T7, so I rarely take it along.  When I purchased the Sony T1, it was to take advantage of life's moments when a camera has to be there with me.    I have found that all cameras in this tiny form factor tend to do poorly in lower light settings. I have used the Sony T1, T7 and Canon Elphs.  All struggle with dim rooms or darkened areas.  Pics in darker areas tend to be pixilated and brownish.  The T7 seems to perform just as poorly/well as other credit card sized cameras.  I have found no problems with the macro setting as other reviewers here have posted.  I take macro photos of flowers, very close up, with no problems.  I have even used my T7 in a pinch to photograph a document.  The T7 comes with a flash, but the photos are very washed out when the flash is used, however, I hate using a flash, so I rarely do.  I found the pics taken with default settings to be color poor - greyed a bit, but I adjusted the camera's setting appropriate.  Having said all this, why did I rate it at 4 stars?  Because without the trade off of the tiny size, I'd have no pictures at all.  My clunky digital camera would be sitting at home.  Instead, my T7 goes everywhere with me.  That is worth a great deal to me.  My advice:  - if you are looking to own only one camera, don't pic the T7 as you'll need more feature than what it offers.  - don't ever use the camera without the nerdy neckstrap over your wrist. The metal housing has absolutely no grip to it and hold the camera is difficult.  You don't want to be droping this a meter onto a hard surface.  - Find a way of marking your camera so that it doesn't go missing from your desk.  - Don't put it in your front pocket or in your wallet as all the stupid, stupid Sony ads show.  You don't want to be putting those pressures on the device.  It isn't designed to withstand those forces.  Don't even think of it.  Besides, it wouldn't really fit in the wallet they show in the ad.     