 I was looking for a replacement for my scanner/PC fax software setup, as I was frustrated with missing faxes because my PC was hung or the software had bombed out.  I picked up the Brother MFC 7300c based on the fact that it is a great value for all the features that I needed: - Automatic Document Feeder, 20 pages.  Most multi-function machines I looked at supported fewer than 20 pages in the ADF compartment of the device.  I find 20 pages will meet most of my needs. - Higher than normal print resolutions.  As other reviews here have stated, most multifuncion machines operate at the lower end of print resultion, but not this machine.  1200x1200 photo quality printing was the exception for all the multi-function machines I look at in this price range. - Print speed.  My primary printer is a laster printer which is fast.  I didn't know if I wanted to live with 6 pages per minute like some multi-function machines. This device works at the 10 or 12 ppm range, must faster than other machines at this price. - Paper Supply.  Many of the alternatives I looked at have 50 sheet supplies, meaning that I'd have to load it up several times a week.  This one has 100, above average for this type of device.  - Stand alone fax machine.  Most multi-function devices at this price range do not include a separate modem, meaning that they must rely on a connection to a PC to send or receive faxes.  The 7300c has its own stand-alone fax modem, meaning it will work when your PC is off, unplugged, down, hung, or away in the case of a laptop. - Video scanning.  This device supports video scanning, meaning I could hook my video camera up to it to print out frames from a video.  I did not need this, nor do I know if I'd ever use it.  The description here on this site under _technical data_ claims that this will allow you to print directly from compact flash media or smart media directly -- IT DOES NOT SUPPORT THIS -- I believe they've confused the higher model machine, the 7400c.  Again, this capability is not available from the 7300C. I have to add to this review, though, that Brother has a really bad reputation for quality of their printer products. They tend to be cheaper to purchase but much, much more expensive to maintain, both due to high consumable costs (you have to purchase more consumables, like cartridges, more often) and shortened duty cycles (time before the thing must go in for repair or parts replacement.)   What does this all mean?  This may be a great deal if you can get it for a discounted price, as I did, and you intend on using it as a secondary machine.  I use mine primarily as a full-featured fax machine, not primarily as a printer or scanner or copier.  I do use it for those features; I just don't use it a lot for those purposes.  If you are looking for something like this for constant daily use, I'd suggest that you look at purchasing individual devices for nearly the same price.     