 I'm not usually an early adopter of new gadgets, especially in this  category.  I'd always wondered about the Palms and whether or not I wanted  to deal with a black and white (or green and gray) world of the Palm. I  also saw these devices as unneeded if one used a laptop, as I do. I had a  tough time getting one, but now I have the iPaq.  I can say that this a  great companion to a PC -- something my laptop is, but this much more  convient.  I find the following features the most useful: - Voice  recorder:  never thought I was a voice recorder type until I started using  this one.  Making a short note of something takes one second and is less  obtrusive than trying to jote it down. - Character recognition:  No  learning a new graffiti script here.  Just a couple of slightv)ery slight)  adjustments to how I write a couple of letters and my iPac can read my  writing better than my co-workers.  And if I carry over these slight  adjustments into the real world, my co-workers will benefit, too. - MP3  player:  It's been a long time since I worried about carrying my tunes  around with me.  Having a player with me has made my days a bit more calmer  as I wait in line.  An unexpected benefit. - Pocket Word, Excel, etc.:  Now I can read the attachements to e-mails!  I was also able to get a jump  start on a spreadsheet I wanted to do while waiting at the airport, but  this time there was no looking for a table and a plug in. Those are just  a start to the features I'm using.   As far as the hardware goes, the  iPaq is palms down (pun intended) a winner over its HP and Casio peers.  A  slim, light weight product with _excellent_ visibility in daylight, the  iPaq leaves the others in the dust.   A faster processor than the others  means there's no waiting. Syncing with my laptop takes just seconds, even  with hundreds of items to sync. I find the 'game pad' interface easy to  use, intuitive and comfortable.  Everything is in the right place. This  would have been a 5 star rating except for the fact that there is no built  in CF slot -- you must purchas a separate expansion pack to add  memory. Palm may have the marketshare today, but I see good things for  these PC-compatible companions.  I espcially look forward to being able to  develop and customize my own applications and utilities with my exsiting  skillset, something I wouldn't be able to do with a Palm.     