 It is difficult for me to write a review of a book for which a good amount of text is word for word the same as material published elsewhere.  So I'll leave it to you to see if you get the same results.  Here on Amazon, you can Search inside the contents of some books, as well as read certain pages of a work.  Click on the cover image of this work, then flip through the extensive table of contents and get to the sample chapter, Chapter 3 on XML.  Starting here on page 50, read the first few pages.  Then, search Microsoft Technet for their material in a work callled _SQL Server 2000 Resource Kit_.  From there go to Chapter 31 - Exposing SQL Server Data to the Web with XML.  What you will find there is a complete, word for word text, that exactly matches the text in this book.  Even the sample XML has exactly the same data.  So this is not a case of reworking existing text, or expanding upon it.  I cannot search inside this work to see if such duplication exists for other chapters.  Now I don't know if Microsoft reused this author's work, or if the author reused a Microsoft work, because I don't know which article was written first.  According to Amazon, the _SQL Server 2000 Resource Kit_ was published in 2001.  You can search here for that book, then peek inside to see its table of contents with the same Chapter 31 - Exposing SQL Server Data to the Web with XML.  According to Amazon, this book, _The Guide to Enhancements_ was published a year later, in 2002.  However, with publications being so close in time, I cannot say which came first for certain.  I'm certain that you can find via google, more details of the reuse of content in this works and others.  Now, it may be that the publisher licensed this content or otherwise made arrangements for its use here in this book.  However, for such a large amount of freely available text to be included in an expensive IT book, I cannot recommend its purchase.  Readers want original content and they want it updated if it is republished.      