 Other reviews here give you a good understanding of what the guide includes as well as a concern about the near-military precision the touring plans specify. On first reading, I would guess that any Disney fan would be horrified to think that one would try to experience WDW or Disneyland in this ordered fashion. However, upon further reading you will see that the authors address this issue with recommendations on how to tailor the plans to fit your needs and the needs of the rest of your group. You don't have to follow every step in the plan, nor do you have to follow the plans at all to get a great deal of benefit from having this book. With the plans, though, you will know when you are doing something costly (in terms of time or dollars). Most first time visitors to the park make the mistake of trying to do everything in one day and there is a plan for that -- aptly named something like "Dumbo in a Day or Die". It's not recommended, but it is offered. If you are taking children, you will soon realize that this book is worth its weight in gold. Did you know that there are all sorts of provisions made for parents with children? What if you want to go on a ride that your child won't or can't ride? - this book tells you what options you have. What if your child wants to ride two times in a row without getting back in line? -- this book tells you how to do it. What if your child realizes that he doesn't want to go on the scary ride but you still do? -- this book tells you how to handle it without having to get out of line. What if your child wants to meet Mickey face to face? -- this book tells you where and when the best place to do it. I've made trips to Disney World, Disneyland, and Disneyland Paris. Every time I've managed to have a fun, exciting, and relaxing time while watching hundreds of families wasting time in the wrong lines at the wrong times, children screaming, and adults looking like they're half dead. That's not the way to spend your vacation. Every time I visit a Disney part I purchase the most up to date copy of these guides. Yes, there is a lot of overlap between years, but since the parks change, so must the books. I wouldn't consider buying a guide that was more than a year old. This book is a great value for the wealth of information it offers. It's up to you and your family to decide how to use it. At least you have the information. Even if you don't follow the touring plans, just knowing some of the unofficial secrets can save your family dollars and a great deal of frustration and disappointments. My personal tips for Disney parks: 1. If it rains, definitely go to the park. You will have a great time. The lines will be really short and you can purchase inexpensive yellow Mickey ponchos to make it seem like an adventure. My best memories are of rainy day visits. 2. Take that recommended break in the afternoon. 3. You can't go too early. 4. Don't try to do everything in one day. If you really can only afford one day, then prioritized the things you want to do and tackle them in that order. Focus on having a quality time, not a quantity time. 5. Use the lockers to store snacks, drinks, and other goodies. Carry a belt bag and refill it throughout the day. 6. If you aren't having fun, then stop what you are doing and do something else. 7. If you go every year, purchase an annual pass and go a week earlier every year so that you only have to purchase the pass every other year. The annual pass also gets you discounts at some Disney areas as well as free parking. It's a great deal.     