 Due to size limitations here, my review of the book content can be read in a separate review on this site.  This review focuses on the CD contained with the book. Target Audience I heartily agree with Silverston's statement in the first section of this work that one should have a good understanding of data modelling concepts prior to reading this text.  He, rightly so, does not include any data modelling basics in this work; there are several good texts on that subject, including Simsion, Bruce, and Reinjberger.  I would add that I would think that a newly trained but inexperienced data modeller would also have a difficult time with this work.  This is not a weakness of the work; it's a fact that this work includes advanced data modelling concepts and a significant amount of detail. The CD Volume One includes a CD that contains a demonstration version (limited content) of the text's models.  An unlock code can be purchased from the publisher to grant access the complete set of models. The same models are provided in SQL code so that they can be loaded into any modelling or database tool that supports reverse engineering.  Each model is provided in SQL tailored to Oracle 7.3, Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 and a generic ODBC 2.0 SQL syntax.  Each also comes in a version that includes referential integrity and one that does not.  There are also separate scripts for the tables and indexes. The CD also includes data model diagrams in both Visio and .jpg format.  The former requires a copy of Microsoft Visio and latter only an Internet browser or graphic viewer. There are reports included that show how the model objects are related to other objects.  These are standard HTML reports right out of some tool and do not seem to contain any additional information that what ERwin or ER/Studio could produce after reverse engineering the SQL scripts.  I would assume that these reports, along with the diagrams, for the benefit of readers who do not have ready access to a modelling or database tool. After renaming the script files so that ERwin could see them as SQL scripts, I reverse engineered a demo model using ERwin 3.5.2 and ER/Studio 5.0 with no problems.  Since these logical models are provided as SQL Scripts, they had to be 'physicalized', meaning that they are all uppercase names with underscores where there would normally be a space.  There are no definitions provided with these demo models and I could not tell from the companion websites whether or not the unlock code provide access to this essential data model information. While I am happy to see that there is a CD sample included with these works, I would find them more than just helpful if they included FULL models, meaning: -	True logical and physical models, not just physical models via SQL scripts -	Definitions for each object, perhaps even some or all of the text commentary I understand that by providing these models in SQL format means that they are nearly tool independent. However, since data models are just that - models, they must include definitions and other knowledge to be true, usable models. I also understand that providing the full logical models might mean that they would have to be published in a specific tool format or in an XML format that might not be easily usable in all toolsets. However, this dilemma is one faced by data modellers when they work with application packages, merged systems, legacy applications, and other typical conflicting format problems.  Most professional modellers have found solutions or workarounds to this issue over the years, so I'd hope the author and the publisher would find a way to make these models more complete in the electronic form, even if it meant a higher cost for the electronic product. I guess the real question is: "Would I purchase the full set of CD models even with these drawbacks?"  The answer is a definite "Yes." Because the unlock code has a price point that makes this component of the product a great value.  It's only in the low three figures, not the tens of thousands that other similar generic model sets cost. So my final recommendation is to purchase and use this book, even if you never intend on directly implementing the models included.  Just having these as reference models will improve the quality and completeness of the models you produce or support...and that's why we're here, right?     