 This product is so similar to the 2000 version, that my review of that prior product still stands true: I've used MS Outlook since its first release. At the time, the integrated calendar and e-mail package beat Lotus' separate cc:mail and Organizer packages in many areas. However, MS has been slow to add significant features to this product, even in 2000. I do love MS Outlook 2000's ability to automatically post calendar information to a website, but this still falls behind Lotus Organizer's ability to post both calendar and contact information. [OL 2002 addition: The main problem with the above feature is that it is a MANUAL process.  Unlike Organizer, Outlook can't be configures to automatically publish your calendar on a regular basis.  I add or change items on my calendar over 10 time a day.  I have to remember to stop what I'm doing an publish.  I have to stop because publishing the calendar stops all other tasks in OL2002, as it does in 2000.] Now that Organizer 6.0 can easily clip information from e-mails and websites for insertion into calendars and address books, the main reason for going with Outlook (e-mail integration) is overshadowed by the many advanced features in competitors' products. Outlook makes little if no use of colour, icons, and other nifty ways viewing information.  [OL 2002 addition: OK, so MS has added one tiny bit of colour to the calendar by allowing you to either colour an all day appointment based on its category or by a separate manual process that allows you to set a classification for a meeting (Travel required, etc.).  The overall presentation is still ho-hum grey.] There is no way to easily link calls to meetings to contacts to to-do's. [OL 2002 addition: I am still frustrated with the fact that MS will not add a feature to this product to force all MIME messages to be received in a specific format.  For instance, I'd be happy (and more secure) to be able to tell Outlook "Always display the most secure (usually plain) format" such as plain text, even if there is a nifty multimedia MIME format, especially those with scripts, music, flashing graphics, etc.] So if you live in a black and white world, go with Outlook. If you live in the real world, go with something else. Even if you go with the MS Office Suite, it's still worth the extra $$ for Organizer.  On a final note, I don't think there's value in upgrading Outlook unless you are purchasing the entire suite upgrade.  Outlook isn't really getting the attention from Microsoft that it needs, either on the security or the presentation front.     