 For those of you who know about Deep Dish and like their creations, get this CD. It's more of the same if you've heard Yoshiesque Vol. 1. For those of you new to Deep Dish, this is a very deep house blend. There are elements of synthesizer and in some cases the music is mystic more on the trance side but still rocks. All the things I like in house music is found in this great double CD set, such as deep bass, thumping beats, good mixing and a good music selection. Like in Vol. 1, you get plenty of music for you money as both sets give you over 155 minutes of house music Well, why only 4 stars? In a nutshell, CD1. CD1 is the weaker of the two sets. The beginning of the set doesn't go smoothly and in fact seems choppy until track number four, which establishes some tempo. The set then moves along rather passively until track nine, which then establishes the mix and keeps it bouncing until the end. CD1 is titled "Westcoast" which I mildly agree with. This does remind me of some of the west coast stuff I've heard however I don't want people to get the wrong impression. I love west coast house music (give me my Doc Martin and Mark Farina any day), but I have problems with this down tempo/house format. This set should have been set up by itself instead of being combined with another set. If you want an example of the type of set this is, check out the "Mushroom Jazz" stuff by Mark Farina. I don't really consider down tempo to be house music and have yet to hear someone mix the two together well. Clocking in at over 78 minutes, you get a long mix to listen to. I just wish it were more consistent. The second half of the set goes along better and saves it. My cuts of choice are "Lovely", "Glow", "165' Drop", and "Surrender Yourself." CD1 gets 3.75 stars and keeps Vol. 2 from receiving five stars. CD2 is without question the best stuff I've heard from Deep Dish yet. You get over 78 minutes of pumpin' house, composed of progressive, underground, and tribal house music. The set is smooth and is the kind of music I want to hear at a club. You'll have no problems dancing to this set (if you can dance' :P). Again, this is the best set I've heard from Deep Dish and certainly makes this combo worthy buying. My cuts of choice are "Samba", "Always Remember to Respect + Honor Mother", "Lights Off", "I Wish You Were Here", and "Man Don't Cry." Since there are no weaknesses in this set, it gets 5 stars. For those that wanted more after Yoshiesque Vol. 1, here is your chance. You get lots of bang for the buck (just like the first time), and for the most part the ride it's a good one. For all you HousERaTs pay attention to CD2 as this is the best Deep Dish example of house. This isn't a CD I'd suggest for the house newbie but one I'd suggest for a seasoned house veteran!     