 Sessions 10: The Subliminal Sessions (not to be confused with "Subliminal Sessions One" by Erick Morillo) is the next review in the MOS Sessions series.  Featuring the DJ talents of Erick Morillo, Harry Romero and Jose Nunez, these sets give you two more reasons to invest in the Ministry of Sound experience.  Fortunately the two sets were not split up like Sessions 12 (see the review).  Erick Morillo mixes the first set and Romero & Nunez mix the second set.  Had the rating system allowed, this Double CD set would have received 4.5 stars. CD1 is the Erick Morillo mix lasting just over 70 minutes.  If you've seen my other reviews of "More" Morillo, you know he's one of my top three favorites.  This set is no exception as the mix is tight like I've come to expect from Mr. Morillo.  The beats are heavy, the mixing is excellent, and the music selection is great.  There is no lack of deep house in this set.  The set is composed of mainly straight house music and some garage.  The flavor of this set is very much like CD2 from the "Subliminal Sessions One" CD also by Erick Morillo, deep underground house with hardly any anthems to speak of.  My cuts of choice are, "Club Fiesta", "Feel Me/The Preacher", "I Want You", "Brazil Over Zurich", and "The Way."  This is an awesome set put together by "More" Morillo so if you like his other stuff you'll want this one too.  CD1 gets 5 stars. CD2 is the set mixed by Harry "Choo Choo" Romero and Jose Nunez.  This is a good set but a little weaker than the Morillo set.  Lasting over 73 minutes you get more of the same from the first set, just a little more mild.  Again you get the mix of house and garage from the first set, with some disco mixed in too.  There is nothing wrong with the format or music selection, however it comes up a little short of Morillo's set.  That isn't a bad thing since any DJ that's paired with Morillo hasn't outdone him.  My cuts of choice are, "Change", "Mas Pito", "City of Angels Dub", " Hazin' + Phazin'", and "90's Formula."  The heavy garage influence really makes this a nice set.  I just wish there were like 1 or 2 bangin' cuts on this CD to take it over the top.  Oh well, it will just have to settle for being a nice compliment to CD1.  CD2 gets 4.25 stars. If paying a lot of money for imports is your thing then you have to invest is the Sessions series.  There is good stuff here and even some 5 star material, as you'll see in future reviews.  Sessions 10 has the goods and if you're a HousERaT like the one and only, you'll want this in your collection.  If you can find this for less, you should definitely pick it up.     