 I'm reviewing the sessions in reverse so I'm working my way from sessions 12 to 1.  My honest opinion of Sessions 11 is it could have been better but is still a strong contender. Although not quite as bangin' as other S-Man mixes, it still rates pretty well. CD1 is the "peek hours" set with plenty of vocal anthems and top 40's house hits.  Some may consider this to be cheese but I enjoyed it.  The mixing and music selection is good however the set is a little short, timing in at just over 56 minutes.  I'd call this set "safe", as Roger stays mainstream, relying on cuts we've all heard before.  The set goes along well but loses points on originality.  If you're a house music newbie and haven't heard a lot of house music sets on CD, this could very easily be a five star mix.  Unfortunately, no one does house music like the HousERaT and I'm reviewing this CD after 60 others.  For me there is no shock effect as most of these cuts have been mixed and mixed again by other DJs.  All in all this is not a bad set but I've come to expect more from Roger Sanchez.  Cuts of choice are "Sunday Shoutin", "Pasilda", "Groovejet", and "Scream & Shout."  CD1 gets 4 stars. CD2 is the "after hours" set mixed with mainly underground sounds not likely to make it to mainstream radio.  There are a few vocal anthems mixed in but I really liked the originality aspect of this set.  The beats are strong, the music selection is great, the mixing is quality and the set total is over 73 minutes.  My cuts of choice are "Signals", "True House", "Your Wildest Dreams", "Learning To Fly", "Stereo", "Rise", "Don't Stop", and "Moody."  As you can tell by my list of choice cuts this is by far the best set in the combo.  I could have easily listed more choices but I think you get the point.  If you like underground house then this is just what you want.  CD2 gets 5 stars Sessions 11 "The R-Senal Sessions" is a nice addition to the Ministry of sound sessions, but isn't perfect.  CD1 keeps this from being a 5 star two CD combo but still delivers enough to get praise for the effort.  These two sets mixed by the great Roger Sanchez, is another example of the quality stuff from Ministry.  There are weaknesses on CD1 however they are lessened by the excellent set on CD2.  Sessions 11 would be a great intro CD for the newbie but for most people it will rank as only good, especially to the seasoned house vet.  I liked it and if you can find...would be a nice addition to your house collection.     