 I'd like to start off by saying greetings to all you househeads in 2002, straight from the HousERaT.  I'm looking forward to yet another great year of house music reviews.  Thanks for all the folks who support house music.  I've got quite a few reviews to do this year so read on and enjoy.  Just remember, "House is a feeling."  On to the review... My first of the year is the import CD Sessions 12 presented by Ministry of Sound.  Called "The Magic Sessions," you get the talents of three of house music's established DJs.  Little Louie Vega, Tony Humphries and Tedd Patterson light up this 2 CD set with 3 mini sets.  I must say I wasn't impressed with the format.  Three mini sets squeezed into two CDs?  This doesn't make for the smoothest ride however the good music selection does dampen the blow some. Tracks 1-11 CD1 (44:17) make the mini set mixed by Mr. Vega.  If you've read my other reviews you know I like Louie Vega in spite of some of his recorded failures.  No worry with this set as he gets out the blocks early and sets the pace for this 2 CD compilation.  This is a real funky set with deep bass, excellent mixing and a really hot music selection.  Vega composes a real nice blend of vocal, progressive house with some Latin, African, and Island flavor mixed in.  My cuts of choice are "Babarabatiri", "The Jungle", "Bisou Sucre", "Give It Up", and "Earth Is The Place."  This is the best of the three mini sets and is all contained on CD1.  Set Vega gets 4.5 stars. Tracks 12-16 (CD1) & 1-4 (CD2) make the two mini sets composed by Tony Humphries.  For those not familiar with Mr. Humphries, his DJ style incorporates heavy inspirational music, sometimes almost gospel music, in his sets.  Not my first choice in house music styles but it works for him and has for a very long time.  These sets lose points just on format alone (Two small sets on two CDs?) not withstanding the Humphries style that really doesn't fit with anyone else's.  CD1 set (30:11) starts out with the choir music and continues with a nice house sound for the rest of the set.  The sound, although very religious/inspirational has some real funky beats so you'll still be able to shake what you got.  The music is mixed well and the beats are deep enough for me.  Cuts of choice on CD1 are "Fly Away", and "Let The Past Rest."  CD2 set (29:25) starts out with more vocal inspirational house with some deep, funky beats.  This set seems to be more traditional than the first and goes alone much better.  Cuts of choice are "Live Your Life", and "Mine To Give." I suppose this would have been much better as one complete set but such is life.  Sets Humphries get 3.5 stars. Tracks 5-11 CD2 (41:02) make the mini set mixed by Tedd Patterson.  This is a nice set and a good close to The Magic Sessions.  For anyone who read my review of Tedd Patterson on the  "House Volumes 1" CD, you know he's one of my favorites.  His style is very deep and soulful and he's an excellent mixer.  Too bad Mr. Patterson hasn't been able to get more stuff on CD, as he's certainly a DJ I enjoy.  This set is composed of mainly house and vocal.  The mixing and music selection is good.  There aren't really any major weaknesses in this set and I found it to be quite enjoyable. Cuts of choice are "Thru The Time/Supernatural", "Roots Remixed", "Keep On Movin'", and "Over You."  Set Patterson gets 4.5 stars. In all The Magic Sessions is a nice experience.  Most of the music is different from the mainstream house sets you hear.  No real anthems or top 100s cuts to be found on these CDs.  With the exception of the format this was a real nice treat.  I wouldn't recommend this to a newbie but I'd certainly advise all househeads to check this one out if you can find it.     