 Peter Rauhofer a.k.a. Club 69 delivers another Twisted America retro house CD.  This one is the first in the two part series "Twist This Pussy."  For those of you who follow my reviews, I've already reviewed volume 2.  This series seems to be as retro if not more so than the "Twisted Secrets" series, previously reviewed.  When I say retro, I mean a (heavy) trance influence while maintaining a house tempo.  It's not trance but has many of the same elements. Let me start off by saying this is not the best work I've heard from the artist.  Peter Rauhofer is well known for his brand of house music and is one of the geniuses who worked hard in establishing "Twisted America", both as a DJ and producer.  My first impression of this CD is mild, as the mix goes along but doesn't start jumping until midway through.  Some of the early cuts in the set we've already heard before in other "Twisted America" works and I might add, the versions presented here seem to be the weakest yet.  The set seems to come alive at track 8 and takes us on a deeper house journey.  The latter half of the CD is full of tribal house rhythms mixed with deep, retro house.  Without question the second half of the set saves this CD and actually elevates it to a pretty good mix.  Sometimes you'll find multi-cd sets with a peak-hours and after-hours set.  With this set you get it all in one mix, featuring a before-hours and then a peak-hours portion of the set.  You'll have to decide for yourself how much you appreciate music selections arranged this way.  Ultimately you'll find this set has the goods I like in house music, deep beats, quality mixing and a good music selection.  The set clocks in at 74+ minutes so you get a good amount of music for your money.  I can't really say which cuts I like most but I'll state for the record that the second part of the set is very much my style of house music.  This isn't a set I'd recommend for the house music novice but if you've been in the house music scene for some time and are running out of titles to find, check this one out.     