 After 40+ reviews I'm sure you folks have been wondering who the artist is that does it for the HousERaT. Well I'm happy to say that my favorite house dj is the one and only S-Man (Roger Sanchez). I've waited this long to start reviewing his work because I wanted people to know there are other house artists out there that know how to get the job done. However none do it quite like Roger Sanchez. I've got many of his cds and I'm going to review as many as offered. This cd is the single best double cd set I've ever purchased. Everything I like in house music is here, thumpin' beats, deep basslines, foot stomping tempo, excellent mixing and a wide variety of house styles blended seemlessly together in perfect house harmony. In this two cd set you'll find several styles including house, garage, disco, and tribal. There is literally no weakness in this double set totalling more than 155 minutes of house music done right. My cuts of choice on cd 1 (Peak Hour) is "The Real Tribute", "A Day In Copacabana", "Kings of Spain", and "Buffalo Gals Stampede." Cd 1 is over 78 minutes long and features mainly house and disco. It comes together nicely and starts the party strong. If I rated cd 1 on it's own it would've gotten five stars but sense it's coupled with a second cd it get's 4.75 stars (since I liked the second set better). My cuts of choice on cd 2 (After Hours) are cuts 1-7 and 8-17. For those non-mathmaticians out there, that means the entire second cd. I like the second cd so much it would be next to impossible to pick favorites. From the numbers above you can see the set is broken into two parts and Roger just lets loose with everything from disco to tribal. This set clocks in at over 78 minutes and without question cd 2 gets 5 stars. On it's own cd 2 would be considered one of my favorite house sets. The only Roger Sanchez set I like more, to date, is the free cd that came in the Mixmag June 2000 Issue, featuring a "Global House" mix. You'll have to spend a few pennies to get this set here but it's well worth it. Let it be known people, if you can get your hands on any of the Roger Sanchez house sets, you'll be doing your house collection a really big favor. Every one that I have thus far is 5 star material. If you haven't done house music in the past, start you collection with the S-Man.     