 Well people, this will be the last review for 2001 and I'm happy to say it will end on a good note.  Steve Lawler takes the helm with his Nubreed Global Underground edition.  This is yet another of the tribal house renditions by the current king of the tribal house genre. I'll start out by saying although these are two nice sets, they were just a little mild.  Although these sets are deep, they didn't consistently deliver the type of cuts that demand you get on the dancefloor.  Not to fret though, as you still get plenty of good music for you hard earned dollars with a total of just over 140 minutes of music.  The mixing is good and the beats are deep.  Again, my only complaint is that the music selection is a tad bit mild and lacks the bangin' tracks that sell good sets. CD1 starts out excellent with some real funky, deep tribal house.  After the intro and the first cut I had the feeling this was gonna be a really tight set.  Unfortunately this set jumps out of the blocks quickly but fades in the end.  As the set moves along the beats become less aggressive and towards the end takes on a mellow tribal feel.  My cuts of choice are "DBD", "Especiale", "Twisted", "Peptide Bass", "Hifi Freaks", and "Reap What You Sow".  This set clocks in at over 73 minutes and is the better of the two.  CD1 gets 4.5 stars. CD2 starts out the same way set 1 ends, slow!  That style worked in set 1 but really sets up the second set for a mild and uninspiring mix.  Some of the cuts are good and others are filler music.  I just never got into the second set like I did the first.  Even though set 1 loses its attraction towards the end, it really keeps you going for the first 10 cuts.  This set here never really captures my interest for more than two tracks in a row.  My cuts of choice are "Treaty", "Outside Looking In (Down)", "Mangamania", "Beats & Drums EP", "Groundworks", and "Fever".  This set clocks in at over 68 minutes and lacks the continuity of the first.  CD2 gets 3.5 stars. This is not a CD I'd recommend to a house music beginner.  If you're currently looking to expand your house music collection then you might want to give this a try.  Personally I liked Dark Drums Vol. 2 better, but for the amount of music you get these CDs make for a good deal.  If you're looking for the funky house such as Roger Sanchez or Erick Morillo then look elsewhere.  Looking for Tribal house, then get with the Steve Lawler connection.     