 I have received Military History since mid-1996 and have not been disappointed. Each issue selects military history stories/tibits/essays/interviews from various periods of history (usually 4 to 5) and places them as the main part of the magazine followed by occasional further reading sections. In addition to the 4 to 5 main stories, Military History also includes one story/essay/tibit under each of the following headings: Intrigue, Personality (a selected personality in military history), Reviews (readers review books, movies, and computer games - usually only three reviews or less per magazine), Perspectives (provides incite into little known battles throughout history), Weapony (descriptions and details cover weapons ranging from little known to well known, from early BC to late AD), and finally Best Little Stories (unique and interesting stories covering a wide range of military history topics.) Military History also provides occasional interviews with persons who served in one or more of any of the modern day wars (Spanish Civil War to present.) Besides great stories, Military History also provides a web site in relation to About.com where readers can continue discusions from the magazine, answer daily quizes, see what happened this day in history, or see a daily picture. The Military History web site also provides readers with access to selected stories from other Primedia (publisher of MH) publications. Overall, Military History is an excellent magazine well worth the price Amazon charges for a one year subscription. Although you only get 6 issues, they are filled with well written and well researched essays (at least 80 pages worth.) Also, if one does not agree or would like to provide additional information to a particular story, Military History also publishes reader letters. Therefore, if you like reading a variety of military history books or would just like to know more about various events in military history, Military History (the magazine) is definitely worth your time and money. I am a subscriber for life! (Or, at least as long as it is published.) P.S. Once you become a subscriber Military History allows you to buy gift subscriptions for your friends at a greatly reduced price with your own renewal. I have found the gift subscriptions make great "anonymous" Christmas or late birthday gifts.     