 My Logitech keyboard of three years malfunctioned after I spilled coffee on it, so I  bought a new one thinking it would be a no-brainer. Logitech's supplied documentation was virtualy non-existent, but hey, plug it in and go, right?  A software CD came with it, so I decided to check out the "value-added" features to see if any would be useful.  To make a long story short, the software didn't work, and in fact, shut down my computer.  With the only useful documentation accessible via the computer, I was....up the creek without a paddle! (Yes, I could have power cycled the computer, but I shouldn't have to for a lousy keyboard installation!) I called Logi's tech support and after developing calluses on my finger from pushing so many telephone buttons and a subsequent long wait, I reached a technician.  After the seemingly endless perfunctory questions, he finally asked what the problem was.  I told him.  Then after the twenty questions game of, "did you do this...?"  "Yes."  "Did you do that...?" "Yes."  "Did you try this?" "Yes, Yes, Yes..."  etc. etc.  He finally said, "you don't have Norton running do you?"  "Yes, why?"  "You're not supposed to have Norton running!"  "Oh really.  I didn't see that anywhere in the 'documentation'."  "Well, Logitech doesn't want to bad-mouth Norton publicly, but at least 70-80% of the people out there know enough to disinstall it before you install our software." "Oh really?  Hum...then I guess I must be stupid."  The conversation went on, but you get the gist. One of the upshots is that it's the customer's fault, not Logitech's (or Norton's). I also don't have to purchase Logitech's products next time either. The bottom line is I removed their software, and I will never buy any Logitech products again. If I was the vengeful type I would have satisfaction in knowing that the cost of this "customer service" incident was more than I paid for the keyboard, and that with an attitude such as theirs, in my humble opinion, I believe Logitech is doomed to failure.  But as the practical type, the reality is that the experience with them was an expensive waste of my time.  ...     