 This is Jimmie Vaughan's first solo record, and it was released four years after brother Stevie's tragic death. Here he gives us a great slab of electric blues. Of course, his laid-back jam-back-at-the-house kind of a feel is much different than Stevie's impassioned, lets-go-kick-ass style. However, Jimmie and Stevie are similar in the fact that they both make music that goes down nice and easy. Even when Stevie plays a loud, piercing solo it still is so fluid and so perfectly played that it is easy on the ears. I like so call this the "Vaughan sound". Just very Texas blues. Jimmie also has that instantly recognizable tone. Everyone knows who it is when they hear it. Okay, now back to the record. Jimmie plays superbly on this cd. He rocks it up with Boom-Bapa-Boom, which was featured in Major League II, Don't Cha Know, and Hey Yeah. He also slows it down a little bit with songs like Sweet Soul Vibe. And then there is the highlight of the disc, Six Strings Down, his tribute to Stevie. With just an accoustic guitar and a couple of backup singers, he gives the best tribute to Stevie that anyone could. The first time I heard it, I cried. Because you could tell from listening to him that he was dealing with the pain very well but he still was hurting inside. This is one of the best blues songs ever put to tape.     Overall, this is Jimmie's best cd so far. I don't personally think he will ever take over the world with his music, because he doesn't draw attention to himself. But that doesn't stop him. He is as big a legend to me as Stevie is. Not just because he is Stevie's brother, but because he is a fantastic guitar player, and one of the most underrated guitar players of all-time. It's a damn shame. And another thing, Jimmie is also a great singer for the music he does. He hardly gets any credit for that, so I am giving him that now. I am glad that Stevie got you to sing on Family Style, for that was the start of something great. Stevie is my all-time favorite, but if anyone says that Jimmie isn't very good, they should be shot. Rock on, JLV!     