 Live At Montreux 82 & 85 is an awesome DVD that showcases just how truly great Stevie Ray Vaughan is. The 82 show is the sort of legend. Everyone's heard the story: Stevie gets booed, but David Bowie catches his performance, and later, Jackson Browne hears him down in the Musician's Bar. Stevie later winds up playing on David Bowie's record Let's Dance, and also records what would become Texas Flood at Jackson's studio. The 85 show represents a sort of conquering-hero party, where everyone is there to hear him and applaud his every great lick. Stevie, in both shows, is in fine form, playing beautifully, and singing as gritty as ever. Personally, the 82 show is my favorite of the two, because, despite the boos, he never gives up, keeps playing in spite of them. The 85 show is great, and he really gives a good go on that one as well.  The documentary included with the 82 show is really great, with insights from Tommy and Chris, Jackson Browne, and John Mayer. John Mayer provides some good insight at the way people from this generation look at Stevie. He had some great quotes in this documentary, like "Stevie always quoted his resources," and "This guy knew what was going on before he even left his house." Jackson, Tommy, and Chris interviews give good insight as to what actually happened that fateful few days in 1982. The only thing that would've made it great would have been to have David Bowie on the documentary as well, but that's an extremely minor complaint. Also, due to some camera stupidity, the encore of the 85 show; Life Without You, Gone Home, and Couldn't Stand The Weather; are only shot from a far-away camera. In addition, some technical problems occurred, so about 2 and a half minutes of Couldn't Stand The Weather weren't shot. So, some photo stills were put in instead. That is not anyone's fault except the people who shot the show that night, so that's not something you can really complain about. And congrats to Epic for putting in the entire 85 show. Including Cold Shot and Look At Little Sister with Johnny Copeland was a good move. Those songs kick, and I wish they would've put those on the cd version instead of the 13 minute version of Tin Pan Alley.  Overall, this is a great DVD set, and is something that adds to Stevie Ray Vaughan's monumental legacy. He was and is one of the best guitar players of all-time. My advice: buy this beauty of a set, and sit back and get a real treat. Rock on Stevie Ray!     