 Coming 3 years off the heels of 1999's smash comeback hit, Californication, the Red Hot Chili Peppers' new album, By the Way, fails to dissapoint both longtime fans and casual listeners.  The best thing about the Chili Peppers, perhaps, is that their sentiments are never faked or forced.  They've done what they wanted to their whole nearly 2 decades long career and done it well, whatever road they've taken.  From their funk-metal-rap hybrid roots, they've been the forebearers of everything beat-driven and angsty that has topped the charts, be it Limp Bizkit, Papa Roach, Alien Ant Farm and the like, they all owe much to Kedis, Flea, Smith, and Frusciante.  With seminal hit Blood Sugar Sex Magik, the Chili Peppers broke out from the barriers of this new-found "rap-rock" genre with the melodia of Under the Bridge, their chart-topper of 1992.  But then, as I'm sure we've all seen their Behind the Music episode, they went through some personal troubles and replaced Frusciante with Dave Navarro.  They released One Hot Minute but it was poorly recieved by both critics and fans alike, spawning only minor hits with Warped and Aeroplane.  But the Chili Peppers would not be defeated, only to return with their best album, perhaps ever, Californication.  With Frusciante back on board, they had no less than 4 hits off the album, with Scar Tissue, Around the World, Otherside and the title track.  So now, at this creative high point, the Chili Peppers release By the Way.  The title track is the first single off the album, and it flawlessly executes both the dreamy pop-rock that was discovered early but perfected with many tracks on Californication, and the crazy wacky funk that has been their signature for so, so long.  But the rest of the album is mighty surprising, as it almost abandons their old sound completely, with only flashes of said funk roots at times.  While looking past the changes may be a daunting task for some, once you get there, you realize that this is perhaps their best album to date, and while the funk is all but disappeared, they're as ecletic as ever, mixing in many other different styles.  Kedis' lyrics are still at their best, and he can still actually sing, which was surprisingly uncovered on Californication.  Flea and Frusciante have an amazing musical kinship, neither dominates the other but they support each other flawlessly, and Chad Smith more than adequately rounds out the quartet, making By the Way perhaps their finest album to date.     