 The new self-titled release seems to be getting a mixed reaction from Deftones fans new and old, as people either like it because it's heavier than White Pony and still melodic, or people hate it because it's not heavy/melodic ENOUGH.  Well, I'm here to tell you that most true Deftones fans will find something to like about this album.  Personally, it has something that every album before White Pony had, and that are skippable tracks (tracks that I don't always feel like listening to, and I'm even that way with Elite sometimes)...  White Pony was a better overall album than the s/t is, but I am very impressed with the continuing experimentation on this album and feel that songs such as Minerva, Anniversary of an Uninteresting Event, Lucky You and Hexagram stand up to some of my previous favorite Deftones songs (Be Quiet and Drive, Knife Prty, Root, Bored and a few others...).  All 4 Deftones albums have their high points and their standard nu-metal-esque lowpoints.  I wish that the Deftones would abandon the things that make people just lump them in with other ... nu-metal bands, as the Deftones are just a level completely above, say, Staind, Disturbed, Trust Company, any other band that sounds anything like any of those bands, or any band who ever at one point aspired to be KoRn.  Chino Moreno continues to be one of the most interesting lyricists today, and the Deftones are one of the few bands that I was in love with when I was 14 that I can say that I still love today (actually, they're probably the only band that I can say that about, with the exception of older works in the Metallica catalog and a few radio rock bands (Third Eye Blind, anyone?!?) that I knew of at the time).  As a matter of fact, it pains me to know that the Deftones will be opening up for Linkin Park and Limp Bizkit on the Summer Sanitarium tour this summer...  a tour that I would perhaps even go to for Metallica and the Deftones.  All in all, I'm not sure that I would call the s/t record a step back; however, I do wish that the Deftones would get rid of the super-downtuned guitars and nu-metal-ish "chugga chugga" parts...  as a musician, though, I can say that the Deftones are one of my main inspirations and that has NOT changed with the release of this record.     