 Jimmy Eat World is not one of the first bands I got into when I got into the whole "emo" thing.  When I first heard Clarity, though, I knew I had to hear more.  Eventually, I bought Clarity, totally played it out, never got sick of it, then got both Static Prevails and the Singles collection.  When I saw them live back around December, they played a song or two from the new album, Bleed American.  I was impressed.  They also put out 3 new songs on a split EP with Jebediah, and the songs were reassuring that Jimmy Eat World hadn't gone the way that lots of bands have been these days, radically changing their sound just for attention.  Then a few months ago, I read that they had signed with DreamWorks, and was thinking "oh great, Papa Roach."  Then, a few weeks ago, I began to notice the video for "Bleed American" on MTV2, and very much liked the song.  It misled me to think that they were returning to a sound very much like that on Static Prevails.  I also assumed that Tom Linton was going to get to sing more, like the J.E.W. of old.  Yesterday, after much anticipation, my friends and I went to the local record store and bought this album.  At first listen, this album leads you to believe that they have gone poppy and commerical, but when you really delve deep into the album, allow yourself to get lost in the music, you realize that, much like Clarity, it's very well textured and takes you on a journey of moods.  With the near-angelic voice of Jim Adkins, the exceptionally melodic guitar work of him and Tom Linton, and the more than adequate playing of Rick Burch and Zach Lind on bass and drums, as well as the masterful production from Mark Trombino (Clarity, Blink-182), it's a musical expediton into the worlds of both pop and emo, without comprimising J.E.W's integrity.  Rachel Haden provides back-up vocals on almost half of the tracks, adding the male-female interaction that makes bands like The Anniversary and Bis sound so intriguing.  One has to wonder if on the next record, she'll be fully integrated as a member of the band.  Guest appearances include Davey from The Promise Ring and Ariel from the Hippos.  The only gripe I have with the album is no vocals from Tom Linton, but that's only a minor nuance.  This album is incredible and just might pass Clarity in my list of favorite albums.  Standout tracks include Bleed American, Your House, Sweetness, and If You Don't, Don't.     