 It's really a shame that the Offspring didn't just cut their losses and end their 5+ year reign of terror on the alternative/modern rock airwaves after the release of Conspiracy of One.  If one remembers their roots during the days of Ignition and Smash, they were a vital pop-punk act at the time, with a gift for taking something that had been done but applying to a scale much larger than any other band had done before them with the exception of Green Day (who aren't particularly similar to the Offspring outside of the whole pop-punk boundary).  Then they had a bigtime TRL hit with Pretty Fly For a White Guy.  Funny at the time, grossly played out.  They managed to spawn two more hits off of Americana, Why Don't You Get a Job and The Kids Aren't Alright.  They took about a 2 year layoff after Americana was released and then put out Conspiracy of One.  Conspiracy of One, I'd have to say, was probably their strongest album since Smash with the exception of one major flaw:  Original Prankster.  Okay, boys, we get it, Redman's in the song and it's making fun of suburban white kids again.  Except it wasn't nearly as funny the second time around.  When I heard that they were releasing a new album in November of last year, curiosity got the best of me and I listened to an advance copy of the CD.  Somehow I just knew that Hit That was going to be the new single.  (Or as I like to call it, Pretty Fly Part 3)  Unfortunately, I was right.  The major problem with this record is not that song, however.  The rest of the album stinks.  Unlike their (younger) brethren in Blink 182, the Offspring never seem to grow up.  However, it just seems silly at this point.  Everything on this album, I feel as though I've heard on another Offspring album, however, done much better.  It's a shame, to be perfectly honest, considering that this is probably going to be their last album.  I honestly wanted the boys to go out with a bang, instead, if this is in fact their last album, they go out with a whimper.     