 So it screams of Yankee Hotel Foxtrot.  SO WHAT???  Fact is, this is the best Promise Ring record, hands-down.  And I own 30 Degrees Everywhere, Nothing Feels Good and Very Emergency.  Until Wood/Water, 30 Degrees was my favorite Promise Ring full-length, but I dug all three.  You have to appreciate all of their records for different reasons.  Emo kids still cream themselves about Nothing Feels Good, but the fact of the matter is that it's the only Promise Ring record that sounds like Nothing Feels Good.  All of their stuff sounds different.  Style-wise, 30 Degrees and Nothing Feels Good are probably closest, but the production values are very different.  Very Emergency, which was called the Promise Ring's "sell-out pop" record retains the same sound as Nothing Feels Good, but the album was mostly well-crafted pop songs rather than abstract, droning emo tunes.  Now, I have always believed that it takes more talent to create the perfect pop record (not glossy radio pop, mind you) than it takes to make a 70 minute long barrage of sounds.  Technicality aside, Very Emergency was a record that, had it come 2 years later, could have been a huge hit, what with Jimmy Eat World, Dashboard Confessional and Saves the Day making it on to mainstream rock radio.  I won't mention the ol' Dashboard, but with the other two acts, they both got attention because of their original yet quirky pop music.  The Promise Ring is a band that is just as, if not more talented than any of these acts but for some reason gets a ton of [stuff] from everybody for "selling out."  The Promise Ring didn't sell out.  The Promise Ring deserves nothing less than the same accolades afforded to the previously mentioned bands for throwing away pretentions and crafting two beautiful pop records in a row.  Seeing them last summer opening for Jimmy Eat World was an utterly bittersweet experience.  I was overjoyed that I was finally seeing the Promise Ring, and seeing them play in front of so many kids made me infinitely happy.  The crowd reaction they got, though, was less than stellar, as all of the "emo" faithful booed the new songs and were only happy when they played "Red and Blue Jeans" off of Nothing Feels Good.  The songs off of Very Emergency and Wood/Water got no reaction because either people didn't know them (as most of the 14 year old girls were there just to hear "The Middle" and "Sweetness") or didn't like them.  It's a shame that the Promise Ring broke up almost directly after this record because it's so GOOD.  Yeah, I like alt-country acts such as Wilco and Ryan Adams.  But I like these acts for the same reason I like most music that I like, and that is the ability to create and perform quality songs.  Fact is, this album is ten thousand times more ambitious than anything the Promise Ring had done before because the Promise Ring were never a band to rest on their laurels.  They made an emo record when they felt like it.  They made a bouncy pop record when they felt like it.  And with Wood/Water, they create a somewhat somber, reflective and utterly satisfying record that, if it has to stand as a final testament to their career's worth of music, so be it.  I think it's well-representative of the Promise Ring's career, because it's a record that is both underappreciated and unlike anything else they've ever done.  The Promise Ring deserves posthumous accolades.  Will you be the ones to give it to them?     