 first of all, let me set the scene: roughly 6 years ago, when i started my sophomore year in high school (i'm a college senior now), i was listening to nothing but nu-metal and bad radio rock.  it was 1999, and of course, the emo boom of 2001/2002 had yet to really take off.  jimmy eat world had just been dropped by capitol records, and was without a record label; dashboard confessional had just recorded his first record and was touring as a solo act, opening shows in firehouses and vfw halls; and a slew of excellent records that would prove to be highly influential to emo in the new millenium had just been released, including the get up kids' "something to write home about," new found glory's "nothing gold can stay," saves the day's "through being cool," hot rod circuit's "if i knew now what i knew then" and "understand this is a dream" by a group out of latrobe, pa called the juliana theory.  i loved all of those records, but "understand..." was my most favorite of all of them.  that record will always hold a special place in my heart, and to this day it is my favorite record.  i loved "emotion is dead," when it was released in 2001, even though it was somewhat different and expanded upon their already established sound.  next, however, the juliana theory signed to epic/sony records and released "love."  i hated "love" with a passion.  it betrayed what i had always loved the most about the juliana theory:  in my eyes, they work best as a punk-fueled power pop band.  this new foray into prog-rock, while not totally unexpected (emotion is dead did have some odd usage of electronics and that 16 minute long closer, "you always say goodnight, goodnight"), was not well-recieved by myself or many other older juliana theory fans.  the "emo" moments on that record now seemed to be insincere and cheesy.  "love" sounded like a talented pop/rock band trying too hard to be "interesting."  it's now been almost 3 years since that record, and in that span of time, jimmy eat world, new found glory and dashboard confessional got huge, the get up kids broke up and saves the day got a complete facelift.  the juliana theory never broke through to the mainstream, but much of its fanbase has moved on, having grown up and are no longer inspired by sacharrine pop/rock.  when i first heard about this record, i wondered if the boys had it in them to release another good one.  this record is probably supposed to make or break the band for good; self-recorded and released by a small indie label after being dropped from epic, this is probably the juliana theory's last grasp at reclaiming the potential stardom that seemed so close a few years ago that they could probably have tasted it, but, alas, has eluded them thus far.  so, with all that having been said...  is this a good record?  and do i like it?  i'd love to be able to either rave about or trash this record completely, that would be much easier (and it's something i'm good at).  however, i can't really make up my mind.  one thing is for sure:  the band has never sounded this good, production-wise.  "understand this is a dream" and "emotion is dead" weren't fully-realized, and "love" made them sound too much like a balls-out radio rock band.  this record probably captures their live essence the best of any they've released, and their playing is as tight as ever.  having replaced the mediocre neil hebrank on drums, josh "chip" walters finally sounds at home on this record, moreso than on their previous record.  the songs are, for the most part, short, to the point, and full of dynamics (unlike the sprawling "love").  are they sincere?  singer brett detar has always struck me as the cocky, 'rockstar' type, but not since the days of "emotion" have i felt some actual, well, emotion in his voice.  he sounds very different than 5 years ago, much more "grown up" a singer, but on this record he, as well as the rest of the band, seem to be a bit freer, a bit more loose, and seem to be having fun.  that helps this record tremendously.  however, some of the band's pitfalls are still present.  i still believe that they're trying a bit too hard to be 'legit,' a bit too artsy-for-art's-sake.  mostly, i feel as though the title of this record, "deadbeat sweetheartbeat" is probably one of the worst that i've ever heard.  the juliana theory has always had a knack for producing some of the more self-conciously ironically stupid song and album titles, though, and toward the beginning of their career, claimed to be part of some mysterious sociology project, financially backed by "the juliana group."  yeah, it was pretty stupid looking back, but it seemed like harmless fun.  these boys still take themselves a bit too seriously, though, and this has always hindered them and their records.  all in all, i'd have to say that while it's not one of my favorite records, it largely accomplishes its goal of re-establishing the juliana theory in the world of emo-pop, even if it is probably about 2 years too late to really make any sort of impact.  a fun listen, but too flawed to be taken that seriously.       