 it seems like it's been a lifetime since bleed american was released during the summer of 2001.  i had gotten into jimmy eat world in the early part of the year 2000 when i was 15 years old, a sophomore in high school, less than a year after clarity had been released.  i heard clarity, fell in love with it, got static prevails and the singles compilation when it was released later that year.  i saw jimmy eat world at the wayne firehouse in wayne nj in october or november of 2000 while on tour supporting their split with jebediah.  their evolution into my favorite band was cemented the next year.  i remember being 16 years old and my excitement for their new record.  bleed american came out and i was so excited and loved that record too.  imagine my astonishment when the second single, "the middle," was released in late 2001 and slowly shot up the charts, eventually catipulting jimmy eat world to major rockstar status.  seeing them at the asbury park convention center in the spring of 2002 was surreal.  jimmy eat world were superstars.  i figured that they would take some time off after their extensive touring and the general fatigue that comes with all of that hard work.  when they finally got back in the studio with longtime producer mark trombino (clarity, bleed american, blink-182, finch, the jealous sound), they found that something just wasn't clicking like they had hoped.  what are you supposed to do when you've already released what most of your longtime fans consider to be your masterpiece (the moody, atmospheric clarity) and your breakthrough mainstream AOR pop-rock record (bleed american)?  they did the only thing that they could do, it seems, by finding a new producer, gil norton (the pixies, foo fighters) and starting from scratch.  of course, this prolonged the release of this record, but it is truly well worth the wait.  it seems that they chose to be a little bit more adventurous with their layering of instruments throughout the entire record.  there's tracks that really don't sound like anything that they have ever done in work and night drive, there are tracks that are much more reminiscent of the poppy cuts on bleed american like the world you love and pain and there are those songs that sound like they could fit into clarity very well such as 23 and kill.  where they really shine is in songs like futures, polaris and just tonight, in which they seem to have found a medium.  production-wise, i've heard a few complaints about the glossy nature of the record, but i think that's why the bonus demo cd was included with the digipack version of this record.  it's hard, in my eyes, to judge this record on the same level as their previous records because it's been so long.  musically, this record just moreso confirmed jimmy eat world as my favorite band.  their entire discography, in my opinion, is gold and futures is only the next record in a long line of hopefully more to come.     