 Of course, this masterful work of 800 pages is not perfect in every  detail.  In the many references to political events I noticed some errors  and imprecisions. Of course, one can argue about the selection  of the many  hundreds of persons described by the author, who have made geat cultural,  artistic or scientific contributions. As a Dutchman, I regret that Dutch  leading artists, philosophers and scientist didn't get their due share of  attention. Barzun's chapters on the sciences are not quite on the same  level as those on the arts, and especially literature. But in such an  ambitious and, on the whole, succesfull master piece, all these objections  only concern points of detail. The author justifies his sometimes arbitrary  selection of the persons he describes with the argument that new  developments rarely are  the work of a single person. Mostly, new ideas    are already in the air . There are always different contrasting and  conflicting ideas at work. One of the major advantages of Barzun's  magnum  opus is that the author has a sharp eye for the fact that no epoch is  characterized by a single idea.  For instance, Barzun makes the reader  conscious of the fact that there is more to Victorian morality than a  narrow-minded, repressed attitude towards sexuality ; that puritanism was  not solely characterized by fanaticism and bigotry ; that Rousseau's  ideas  were less absurd and one-sided than most people believe and that Nietzsche  ment almost the opposite of what the larger public thinks he ment. Barzun  starts his work around 1500, the time of Renaissance and Reformation, two  currents of ideas he rightly considers as representing a new starting point  for western culture. He frequently reports events which you hardly will  find at any other place. For instance the political activities of de  Beaumarchais, author of  The Barber of Seville  and  The Marriage of  Figaro , who in 1776 as a secret agents helped to finance the American  revolt against the English. A very positive thing is that Barzun regularly  gives advise about accessible books in which questions treated by him are  exposed at greater length. The drawback is, of course, that reading all  these books would represent almost a life time of reading! An other  objection against the book could be that little notice is given to  economical factors. Phenomena like the labour movement, colonialism and  decolonialism could have been treated at greater length. And when Barzun  critically notices that all these modern household appliances do not always  make life more easy, but often tend to complicate it, het omits a reference  to the important social phenomenon of the virtual disappearance of the  domestic. But in defense of the author, I have to point out that for  economic and social history there exist other books. Barzun's speciality is  the history of ideas. In this he excells. He considers literature to be our  most important source for studying the ideas that dominate a certain  epoch. Quite controversial, of course, is Barzuns opinion, which he  expresses in the title of his work, that Western Civilization has now  entered a period of decadence. Barzun sees a number of manifestations of  this decadence : - the dominant exagerated relativism, which prevent people  of distinguishing works of real merit from garbage ; this results in  artists and thinkers not being stimulated any more to great exertions in  order to produce works of quality ; (This is a tendency also criticized by  the French philosopher Alain Finkielkraut in his book  La dfaite de la  pense ) - the prevalent moral laxity, which leads to the decay of  education and the increase of criminality ; - the persistent denial of  the necessity of self control and a sense of responsibility, which  increasingly erodes the moral foudations of our society ; - the by now  almost unbridgeable chasm between an  avant-garde  art, that in some  respects has derailed, and the larger public ; - the co-existence of a  technical elite, who excells in a one-sided, very specialized expertise  about small areas of knowledge, with a semi-literate mass, which does not  have any respect for anything pertaining to higher culture ; - the  increasing fragmentation of society. Under the pretext of  national  identity ,  auto-determination  and  subculture  even larger groups of  people are turning their backs to the rest of society. With the decay of  Christianity a whole set of  values and norms shared by the entire society  has disappeared. Barzun recognizes that techne (science and technology)  is florishing more than ever before, but in his view that does not  compensate for the prevailing decadence in other, more important areas of  culture. Barzun recognizes that decadence is not an abnormal phenomenon in  an overly mature civilization. He situates the beginning of this decadence  not in the years after 1960, nor even in those after 1920, but already in  the period around 1890. When the author claims that in the past decades  this decadence has reached a terminal stage, he is to somber, I think. Or  anyhow, I hope.  He does not exclude the posibility that on the ruins of  western society, as we know it from the past 500 years, a new civilization  will arise in due time. Those who think that current society with its  lazy we are the world ethos of cheap progressivism, unbounded relativism,  indifferent tolerance and uncommited humanitarianism represents the akme  of moral perfection, will be well advised to take notion of the signs of   desintegration and decadence which Barzun brings to our attention. To  conclude, I can heartily advise reading this book to anyone who has the  time and the stamina to read a fascinating, but demanding book of  800  pages. You don't have to agree on every point with the author to recognize  the value of this book. Having formulated quite a few minor objections, I  have to say that in view of the merits of this book, I would consider it a  sign of Dutch stingyness to withhold Barzun even one of the five stars.     