 Everything you always wanted to know about evolution, but were afraid to ask! With the Universal Acid of his superior wit, Daniel Dennet dissolves all objections against the evolution theory. He describes what we know  about the process and what we don't know yet.  He makes the very  illuminating distinction between "cranes" and "sky  hooks".  "Cranes" are procedures which help ordinary matter,  through the process of evolution, in organizing itself to very high degrees  of complexity (including human intelligence).  One "crane" we  know is "sexual procreation", which enormously increases  variability within a species and thereby speeds up the evolution process.  Another "crane" is the "Baldwin-effect", by which  intelligence might be able to influence and speed up the evolution of  complex behaviour.  It is quite likely that in the near future scientists  will discover some more of these "cranes", thereby changing our  outlook on evolution and bringing us nearer to the "unity of all  knowledge" that E.O. Wilson envisages in his book  "Consilience".  On the other hand Dennet rejects any notion of  "sky hooks", processes by which some mysterious force interferes  with the evolution process by extra-physical means. Making this  distinction between "cranes" and "sky hooks" enormously  simplifies the task of evaluating all forms of criticism against the  conventional knowledge about evolution. If a criticism postulates a  "sky hook", it is very likely to be an unfounded, silly  criticism, which you don't have to take seriously. On the other hand the  postulation of a possible new "crane" should not be dismissed out  of hand, but might be very inspiring to the deepening of our knowledge  about the evolution process. I would say that every rational scientific  mind will agree with most of the ideas in this book.  Daniel Dennet has  written another seminal work, which is much more controversial. I am  speaking about "Consciousness explained". The title of the book  seems very arrogant, but I think Dennet delivers the goods he promises. I  agree, of course, that consciousness is a subject about which the last word  has not yet been spoken.     