 .... will be in the eating. Last week I received my copy of this book from Amazon. In two respects this book is no light fare. Firstly, the book is 1200 densely printed pages long and weighs about 7 pounds. Secondly it is also far from light from a conceptual point of view. Don't expect me to write at this stage a thorough going review of this book, which was published only a couple of months ago. I only started to sniff at it. The author is a fairly young Englishman: Stephen Wolfram was born in 1959. He was educated at Eton, Oxford University and Caltech. About 15 years ago, he developed the program "Mathematica", a famous programming and calculating tool for scientists. At present, he is CEO of a firm which assures the commercial exploitation and further development of this tool.  Wolfram does not believe in false modesty. To cite the first sentences of the forword of his book: "Just over twenty years ago I made what at first seemed like a small discovery: a computer experiment of mine showed something I did not expect. But the more I investigated, the more I realized that what I had seen was the beginning of a crack in the very foundations of science, and a first clue towards a whole new kind of science. This book is the culmination of nearly twenty years of work that I have done to develop that new kind of science. I had never expected it would take anything like as long, but I have discovered vastly more than I ever thought possible, and in fact what I have done now touches almost every existing area of science, and quite a bit besides." It would be impossible to summarize the difficult and rich contents of this book in a few sentences. So I will limit myself to the following: While studying relatively simple computer programs ("cellular automatons"), Wolfram discovered that a relatively simple program can often produce amazingly complex output. Step by step, this caused him to develop a new look at the physical sciences. He is of the opinion that scientists have concentrated themselves unduly with those systems that can relatively easy be coverd by mathematical formula. From Wolfram's new point of view it appears that these systems are only peripheral cases. As soon as systems grow somewhat more complex, this approach reaches its limits. Wolfram claims that his approach will offer new ways of analysis in many of these cases. During the last decades, biologists started to suspect that the complexity of living creatures is for a large part determined by rather simple structures, a notion that Wolfram enthusiastically endorses. Wolfram expects from his new approach new insights in rather untractable problems like: the way human intelligence works, the origin of life, free will, the Second Main Law of Thermodynamics and (maybe) eventually even an explanation why the laws of physics are the way they are. New approaches like chaos theory and complexity theory get more substance from Wolfram's new point of view. Slightly over three centuries ago, a certain Sir Isaac Newton wrote a difficult work, that would inspire science for the next three centuries: Historiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica. I consider it quite likely that Wolfram's magnum opus will for the whole of the 21st century offer a lot of inspiration to science (not only to physics, but also to disciplines as biology, psychology, sociology and economics). The English poet Alexander Pope, who understood the meaning of Newton's work quite well, wrote the following epitaph for him: Nature and nature's laws Lay hidden in the dark of night. God said: "Let Newton be!" And all was light. If Stephen Wolfram is not completely mistaken (and I think he knows what he is writing about) future generations will say something similar of him. He certainly has a point. It certainly is an important book for scientists. However, the question is: how productive will his approach be? How many new scientific discoveries will be made thanks to it in the next twenty years? I can't tell. It is clear that the proof of the pudding will be in the eating.     