 It's odd that Perkins points out several times in the book that what he's describing is not a consipracy theory, but something something even more odious and concealed. His claims - that the CIA, NSA, and a handful of powerful families are colluding to create a global empire - are hard to frame as anything much different from conspiracy. If they're not conspiracy, what are they? Policy? They're supposed to be secret plans. Perkins' book certainly has its merits. It earnestly attempts to focus attention on the truly shady things that the US government and certain corporations have done, and how these actions are often ignored by the popular press. He's clearly been witness to events and policies that he found repugnant. He doesn't attempt to paint himself as being a laudable person, but rather a typical guy who rationalizes bad things and tries to get by. I didn't get the impression that the book was so much about him as it was the issues (though his timeline at the end seemed unnecessary). I did question his self-assessment of his relative importance (and that of his employers) in the whole scheme of things. To hear him speak, one would assume that the world is a very simple system that spins on US "corporatocracy." He was essentially a salesman who lied to get contracts, though he would have you believe that he was part of an NSA/CIA master plan at all times, which just seems unwieldy and overstated to me. Perkins' specific claims make sense. I can buy that the US government had a hand in attempting to control foreign governments, waged unwarranted wars, and benefited those in control. I can buy that corporations use government influence to snare lucrative contracts, pollute environments they operate in, pay people as little as they have to, and distort the truth during sales pitches. It's no revelation that there is corruption in governments around the world, and that their policies aren't so altruistic towards their disenfranchised populace. In short, I have no contention with the depiction of people as being self-serving and greedy, and acting on those impulses in immoral ways. Where I can't get in line with Perkins are in the sweeping generalizations he draws from these points, the premises underlying much of his economic and societal arguments, and the overriding importance of these particular issues. There's a common thread that runs through the book which identifies capitalism as slavery, consumer spending as destructive gluttony, and the actions of all US corporations and government as therefore being sinister subterfuge to spread both. Now, there are probably a lot of people who do agree with these depictions, so the book is doing well. There's a very black and white philosophy that seems to sprout up in many similar camps which equates everything done for profit as intrinsically evil. It's a sort of "throw the baby out with the bath water" type of mentality that refuses to allow for any benefits from corporations. If someone is making a lot more money than someone else, the whole system is obviously there only to serve that wealthy person.  It's a categorical dismissal of a system that is much more diverse and complex than such arguments imply. Perkins expresses an obvious fondness for living close to the land, and the people of the world who subsist on centuries-old methods of survival. He would prefer us all to live in very small local economies, stop the advancement of Western technology, and become more spirtitual (in some vague way). I'm certainly not knocking such societies, but I don't see how they're the only acceptable way to operate, or why "modern" systems of society are some sort of anathema of humankind. It boils down to an argument of socialism (or friendly anarchy) against capitalism, which is too large to address in my capsule review. It assumes that greed and injustice never existed until the advent of corporations, and that all bad things flow forth from them (mass starvation, disease, war). It's also an age old argument which assumes all wealth is an innate property of the environment, and not something that is created via work, organization, and processing. It doesn't effectively evaluate why poor countries are poor, and were before the United States ever existed. By his own admission (and the strength of his arguments), Perkins isn't an economist.  In the end, Perkins seems mostly to be a man trying to alleviate a guilty conscience, with an exagerrated view of the evils he's experienced, much like the self-loathing and aggrandisement of someone with depression. Who can blame him? If I worked in an all-you-can-eat buffet for 30 years, I'd probably think that everyone was a glutton. If I were a cop, I'd see everyone as deceptive and destructive. Our reality is shaped by our unique experiences, and Perkins' weren't so rosy. His heart is in the right place, even if his evaluations and solutions aren't so accurate or utilitarian. I did enjoy reading the book.     