 Let's get this right out of the way: the whole schpiel about multi-region or region free/worldwide DVD players being "finnicky", "overpriced", "prone to failure", "impractical due to the inavailability of imports to watch in the first place" and "needing to be sent all the way to Malaysia to be repaired" is a myth perpetuated by Best Buy supervisors who have been indoctrinated to do one thing: Sell DVD players that only play the DVDs they sell in their stores. It's a bogus myth, and this player is proof.  I'm a cult film buff and not a geekanoid tech nerd so pardon me if I pass over a technical evaluation of the deck: It plays any DVD made anywhere on the planet regardless of region code, converts PAL to NTSC and vice-versa, has S-Video and component output capacity, *LOVES* DVD-R media (even PAL DVD-R), and you can bring it home for a reasonable enough price to have some coinage left over to buy some Region 2 PAL releases to go with it. Like, stuff not available in the US. Get it?  If you love movies, take your viewing needs seriously and resent having the media companies decide what you can & cannot watch, then you need a multi-region player. Period. This is a good one to start with: I concede that we are only watching our stuff on a standard 4:3 analog TV set without a DTS or surround setup (though both are supported) and just use it to watch movies. Not sure what else one would need a DVD player to do, though I will admit a certain amount of chagrin at the maximum 8x FFWD advance speed. Even my $30 K-Mark Apex deck has 16x but if you get hung up on how fast you can skip through your movies I would recommend getting a life or something.  It plays any DVD right out of the box, no need to "crack" or modify anything, supports a bunch of other media formats, and has yet to do anything hostile like throw a brick at me or try and cheat at checkers. It plays all of the DVDs in my library just as well as the deck I paid $350 for in 2003, and having one will instantly quadruple the number of DVDs you can watch.   Why settle on the crap movies they sell at Best Buy? Once you watch your first Japan made Region 2 NTSC format DVD of an ultra-obscure Spaghetti Western you will wonder why you waited on getting yourself set up to make up your own mind about what you watch, and why you let yourself get suckered into thinking that DVDs made in Germany were like, weird or something. This DVD player is liberation and I would recommend it to anyone who loves watching movies. The End.  :-)     