 This is perhaps the most maligned of the Tom Baker - Louise Jameson Dr. Who episodes and the justification is aptly deserved: Jameson's Leela, my personal favorite of all the Doctor's companions, makes a major whimp-out of an exit from the series in a scene that was arrived at, not written. Reportedly, Jameson decided during the production to have it be her farewell episode but the director apparently failed to consult the scriptwriters before the cast and crew shot the passage where she and the Doctor part ways, and it's abrupt ineffectiveness mars and distracts from what otherwise is a quite satisfactory -- if overlong -- adventure. The Doctor brings Leela to Gallifrey where he brusquely stakes his claim as Lord President of the Time Lords, then inexplicably has her banished from the Citadel to what appears to be a sand pit by a drainage ditch. Meanwhile, the Doctor and K9 embark on a plan to ensare the Vardans, shimmering Alien Menace creatures depicted as bits of wrinkled cellophane with a light reflecting off of them, who have designs upon the Time Lords that Baker's Who never seemed to have bothered asking about. So all of a sudden there is civil war in the Citadel as some side with the Invaders and another sect sides behind the unremittingly dull Commander Andred, the swine that will end up winning Leela's heart during romantic scenes that are never shown. Why? Because the plot is too busy having the Sontarrens pop up out of nowhere, claiming that the Vardens were just their pawns [you following this?] and that they are there to achieve victory over Time itself. Uh-huh. I wouldn't have had a problem with any of this if the all important question of just when did Leela and Andred hook up? was answered. In fact, she spends the majority of the adventure running around with the pretty but aloof Rodan [that's right, the same name as the giant  rubbery Japanese space monster] and acting tough in front of the local outcast Time Lords who live in the sand pit by the drainage ditch, subsisting on walnuts. All of that is so unnecessary but somewhat redeemed by what I look upon as a clever segment set inside of the Tardis where the Sontarrens stomp around and look menacing while our heroes get lost in the endless corridors and storage rooms, which all look suspicously the same. Much scorn has been levied against this part of the episode because it was shot on found locations rather than decorated movie sets, but I actually find it intruguing, demonstrating how the Tardis really is infinite in the space it contains and not all of it necessarily has to look like the control room. But all criticism with this episode has to boil down to Leela's exit and our displeasure with how offhandedly it is treated. Someone we have grown to respect and care for steps aside and says goodbye to shack up with the most boring man on Gallifrey for NO apparent reason, and I just don't buy it. Still, the installment is another tour-de-force for Baker as the Doctor, has some great scenes involving K9 [whom I usually find annoying, I must admit] and a delightfully slimy character in the person of Castellan Kellner. Overlong and overwrought and bittersweet because of the Leela cop-out, but still worthy, and a must-have for Jameson fans. It's not her fault. Recommended.     