 I really get [upset] when I go over to people's houses and I see THE BEST OF YES or YESSYEARS or whatever [cd] they bought just to get Roundabout. If you like Roundabout, you need Fragile, because the rest of the record helps to explain why this overblown, ungainly example of early 1970's post Aquarian excesses became such a huge top 40 hit and AOR radio staple. As a previous reviewer points out, it is because all of Fragile is very much a "team effort". Each of the musicians is equally responsible for their share of the album, be it their little "virtuoso solo segments" or the longer pieces like Roundabout and the album/CD's most important track, Heart of the Sunrise. I call it "important" because it is Bill Bruford's one utter standout moment in Yes history. One of the comments he made when joining Bob Fripp in King Crimson was "Before I was the drummer with Yes. Now I'm Bill Bruford", and in the opening mellorton/snare drum barrage from Heart Of The Sunrise you can kind of tell why Fripp was interested. I think it is the most powerful moment on the "album" [I can't call it a CD ... I grew up with this thing on vinyl] and you can understand why later versions of Yes would stubbornly cling on to the song for their staple of live offerings. But my favorite tracks from the album are three that most may not think of ... Sure, Steve Howe's Mood for A Day inspired me to no ends as a young guitar student and Long Distance Runaround remains a staple of FM radio ... but for me the truly mesmerizing tracks on this CD are John Anderson's We Have Heaven, Chris Squires' The Fish, and the vastly underrated South Side of The Sky. We Have Heaven might at first glance sound like John Anderson being ... well, John Anderson, but listen closely. What you really have here is a pre Fripp and Eno tape loop piece that suggests something much grander than it's two minute and twenty something second running length; I could see this going on for a whole side of a [pardon me again] record, with the subtle little changes in wording and yelps of vocal building and building ... This track proves that Anderson wasn't just a vocalist, but an artist who just happened to sing in acapella. The Fish [or Shinedeleria Whatevera] evokes a similar reaction. This is three and a half minutes of music that is all about building upon a literal base, and probably influenced me to take up the instrument as a youngster and demonstrate that most "bass players" weren't thinking about what they could do with their guitar, but were more concerned with hitting the right notes. Squires shows that not only could he hit the right notes, but that like a violin a bass guitar is capable of many different musical roles -- lead instrument, rhythm instrument, bottom, percussion device, and a great way to show how much you can groove with a waa waa pedal. South Side of the Sky is my favorite track from Fragile, but The Fish might be the most inventive. And that nicely brings us to the South Side of the Sky ... Yes seems to be channeling several contemporary bands with this track: Crimson, Renaissance, Genesis, even ELP. Yet it is 100% Yes, and I would pay good money to hop into Dr. Who's TARDIS to go back to 1971 and see them attempt  to do it live. One of the truly engaging aspects of the track is that it is about the only time in Yes history that we hear Rick Wakeman play an actual grand piano [or at least the only example I care about]. His piano work recalls Keith Emerson but with more feeling, and whatever synthesizer he used for the "snowstorm" effects are downright cinematic when you wedge your head right between the speakers. If I bother to include a Yes track on mix tapes for friends it's usually South Side of the Sky, if that is any indication of my high opinion. One the whole, though, this is a flawed album, but is the product of a band in transition. Other than his amazing organ playing on Roundabout, impeccable mellotron and grand piano playing, Rick Wakeman is given little to do, and plays the role of "newcomer" to the band to the point of blandness at times. He seems to be holding back, allowing  the previous members to have their way with the compositions and flavor them with the occasional organ flourish. And then there his annoying Cans and Brahms "virtuoso segment", one of the most unwelcomed mood killers ever put to classic rock acetate. The silver lining in this cloud is that Wakeman plays on Fragile as an equal amongst peers rather than a purple lighted Gandalf gowned demigod.  The other weakness in the CD is a lack of some form of unifying theme. These are almost mis-matched tracks, kind of like the Beatle's White Album, but with an actual percussion player. And what is the deal with Bruford's 5% For Nothing? Was that track included on the "album" just to annoy people or what? But in the long run, as you hear Anderson sing "SHARP ... DISTANCE ..." at the end of the record it all falls into place, because after all this is Yes. Who cares if it makes sense as long as it sounds great. A must have for any lover of classic 70's rock.     