 This is one of about a dozen Italian-American co-produced "La Casa" or "Witch/Ghost House" movies made in the later 1980's (after the success of HOUSE with William Katt) and seeming to draw their inspiration from AMITYVILLE HORROR + the excellent SUPERSTITION/THE WITCH by director James Roberson. See Umberto Lenzi's GHOSTHOUSE ("La Casa 3"), the twisted WITCH STORY/SUPERSTITION 2 and Lucio Fulci's all-out Italian SODOMA'S GHOST for more examples: WITCHERY would have been "La Casa 4". The plots are universal & interchangable: A group of seemingly random people gather at a secluded, abandoned house that was the site of (or built on land where) some horrifying event centuries/decades past and suffer the vengeance of a ghost/witch who unleashes her fury in the form of barbaric, torturous killings staged with the usual Italian flair for theatrics.  This is one of the more commercially appealing, with an excellent Massachussets coastal setting, camp value in the presence of not only Linda Blair as a possessed daughter of Satan, but a pre-BAYWATCH David Hasslehoff along with his then-squeeze Catherine Hickland. Some dynamite gore sequences and a nasty Satanic ritual orgy with a goober faced Beelzebub who looks like Marilyn Manson after overdosing on Yoohoo shakes round it out as a great little slice of American horror as seen by Italians. Joe D'amato of ANTHROPOPHAGUS and PORNO HOLOCAUST fame is credited as producer, so you know to expect slick, sleazy, vouyeristic content with a dash of exploitation trash to boot, and WITCHERY delivers ... You can even go to the amazon.uk sister site and find a passable Region 2 PAL DVD release under the Europe title WITCHCRAFT (make sure you have the right kind of DVD player first!!), and interestingly the two versions have slightly different content, namely an opening flashback sequence that is shortened on the North American video.  But they are more or less the same and anyone reading this will be well-served by one of the videos listed for sale here, try to score the "Vidmark" VHS version, it plays back at the superior SP mode & has excellent picture qiality. And like Umberto Lenzi's GHOSTHOUSE this was probably a 4:3 open matte shoot meaning that it would be "cropped" to 1:85 for widescreen theatrical showings, so a fullframe presentation even on VHS is an accurate way to watch the film as it was originally intended. I recommend it to anyone who likes 80's horror or Italian shockers, keep your expectations low & it will satisfy.     