 Order some Chinese take-out, sit back and let this one take you away. Set in Victorian London, "Talons" pits Tom Baker's Doctor against the diabolical Magnus Greel, a wonderfully named and hideously deformed renegade from the distant future who is using the dreaded Tong of the Black Scorpion to murder his way through a perpetually fog shrouded London in search of his Time Cabinet. What makes this feature-length episode really click with life are all of the delightful supporting characters that give life to the period. From the blustrously alliterative Henry Jago through the wordly Professor Lightfoot right down to the assorted policemen and stage hands, "Talons" is filled with believable characters and well developed settings that all serve the story -- nothing seems to have been superimposed to create interest. I especially enjoy the scenes where Leela regards the trappings of Victorian life with a sort of quite bemusement, asking the Professor why he smokes and if they should "give the proper resonses" when at the theatre during a sing-along. This may sound controversial, but I also am intrigued by the sly racism that pervades the episodes and how it is recreated as a facet of the times ["He's a Chinese, in case you haven't noticed."] in a way that is descriptive ["We were attacked by this little man and four other little men."] and not really condescending. Were the producers and scriptwriters aware they were pandering to a stereotype when having the delirious Chang relate his opium fueled vision of "... crossing the golden bridge leading to the palace of jade ..."? You better beleive it. One of the duties of historical fiction is to not only create the look but the feel of the times, and the oriental characters are presented in a quietly xenophobic air that is probably quite accurate, unfortunate though that is. Still, it's one of the best of the Baker episodes, a marvel of a visual production, and since it's got Leela in it [always my favorite companion, even if she wears more clothing than usual in an effort to "not frighten the horses"] you can't go wrong. Highly recommended.     