 I try not to confuse motion with progress, but finally had to hear this for myself and find the answer to the incredibly vital question, DID THEY MESS WITH "BABY YOU'RE A RICH MAN"?? That's always been my favorite Beatles song and like the rest of this CD the answer is a mixed bag. But more than anything it taught me how special the original Beatles recordings are, in terms of being innovative and intriguing. Three of their most intriguing compositions were YELLOW SUBMARINE tracks -- "Hey Bulldog", "It's All Too Much" and "Only A Northern Song" -- and the treatments of those three songs is kind of metaphoric for the remix effort as a whole.  In a nutshell, the more straight forward "rock" songs have a noticeably richer sonic punch to them, with the lower ranges really brought out from behind the wall of treble that resulted from the dual four track recordings that the boys were using at about this time, layering tracks on top of each other in the two split channels to create a sort of false stereo that responded better to the higher ranges. The new mixes are true stereo mixes that sound as though the Beatles were playing on modern day instruments & in a modern day studio. The track which impressed me the most and might stand as an improvement was, amazingly, "Think For Yourself". The fuzz bass and the layers of harmony on top of the skewed Mersey beat has a genuine grab to it now, where the CD mix on RUBBER SOUL still has a novelty song quality to it. Likewise the three big SGT. PEPPER'S songs all sound cleaner, more precise, have a greater range, sound less tinny  & are not so much defined by their treble ranges.  But the effect of the remixing is not so impressive on the three YELLOW SUBMARINE tracks mentioned above: John Lennon's voice is mixed up so loud to make it sound like he is shouting on "Hey Bulldog", and Paul's bass sounds like it is on steroids, really rattling that right channel speaker sometimes with just having a bit too much depth added -- every listen I have had to tone down the bass a bit to compensate for the overmixing. "It's All Too Much" has been changed from a jaw dropping, apocalyptic, quasi-heavy metal psychedelic trip song into something that sounds like Jimi Hendrix, only with Ringo Starr playing drums instead of Mitch Mitchell  :--D The odd looping of background tracks is made less chaotic and George's main guitar riff is again mixed up in volume to become more dominant -- It may sound "more true" to what the Beatles may have been trying to do with the song in 1968, when the primative studio technologies worked to muddle the individual elements woven together into the tapestry of feedbacks, buzzings, percussive flourishes and organ that makes the song so interesting. And after 2 weeks of side by side iPod playlist examinations comparing the tracks, I still prefer the older mix.  The result is even more striking on "Only A Northern Song", which becomes almost Oasis sounding at times, and I do not mean that in a good way. One of the aspects of the original mixes that is so intriguing are the infathomable touches added to the song which become sort of jumbled in the frenzy of crashes and buzzings, but by picking the original trackings apart and layering them together in a true stereo mix the effect generated is sort of like realizing how a magician actually pulls a rabbit out of a hat. Instead of being an enigma of sound & verbal implication, it degenerates into just another odd psychedelic 60's freak out tune, where the original mix still defies attempts to interperate exactly what is going on. It does not have the sonic range of the new mix but it still messes with your head. The new version is merely puzzling.  As for "Baby You're A Rich Man", fortunately or not that was more of a straight forward psychedelic era pop tune and as such it's remix does have a couple of nuances that are worthy -- John's piano is more distinctly heard and the choruses sound more like a bridging section between John's "One Of The Beautiful People" stanzas. You can hear the two voices of Lennon and McCartney as songwriters working together to arrive at a compromise which evolved into the song better, and the dynamics of the modern day equipment add a nice, rich bottom to the song that was always suggested but never really present.  So yes and no, they did mess with it, but did so in a way that is interesting. Not better, and not necessarily worse, but different, and if you love the Beatles later years music as much as I do this is a must-hear release that doesn't sound forty years old necessarily, and there's something to be said for that.     