 I have to admit that I am not the biggest Yes fan -- much of their post 1975 material is decidedly weak -- but one CD I have always had a soft spot for was Close To The Edge, and there are three reasons.  First, the title track. This is music on the order or Mozart and Vivaldi, but with electric guitars, synthesizers, and Bill Bruford banging on six different things at once at any given moment. The different movements of the piece all add up to a greater whole than the sum of it's parts, and like Pink Floyd's Dogs or King Crimson's Lizard suite, it feels like it's about ten minutes long rather than twenty. Reason two is Siberian Khatru, which has always been one of my favorite songs by any band from this era, period. There is an upbeat tempo that is sustained throughout, Steve Howe demonstrates that he can play basically any guitar-like instrument handed to him -- in any manner you want -- and Bill Bruford shines as he hits six things at once for eight minutes straight without missing a beat and changing tempos at the drop of Chris Squire's hat. John Anderson sings like John Anderson ... what more could you want. But reason number three is the real draw for this album -- Rick Wakeman unleashed, and without the crown of pretention yet planted on his Gandalf haired skull. He truly stands out as THE virtuoso in this ensamble circa 1972, wheras on Fragile he had kind of held back ... Rick Wakeman unleashed an in his prime is a force to be reckoned with, a full church organ and any synthesizer Atlantic Records could afford at his fingertips. His mellotron on Siberian Khatru and And You And I ranks up there with Crimson's Ian MacDonald and Genesis' Tony Banks at their best. Which for me is an extreme compliment. And the one "moment" on the CD that I constantly listen to with jaw dropped awe is his Hammond organ solo at the end of Close To The Edge right after the Get Up/Get Down sequence ... his church organ wafts into a staccatto of noise, and then Yes kicks into it's high gear and Wakeman proves that even with a $200 electric organ he can play circles around ANYONE. It is truly one of the most amazing keyboard solos by a musician outside of the Jazz genre and is the climax of the song, IMHO.  It is too bad that after Bill Bruford left for greener pastures Yes descended into a kind of pompous obscurity. Yessongs is a vital document of 1970's art rock without the overdubs, Tales From Topographic Oceans is a kind of Illiad journey by the musicians, Going For The One has it's moments and 90125 set the bar for has-been dinorsaur band reemergence albums ... But I will always think of Close To The Edge when I think of Yes at their best. That is, before the Egos really took over. A must-have for any fan of 70's art rock.     