 Words almost fail me. I grew up with this on vinyl LP, played it more or less daily, and was one of the first CD's I bought when music started going digital in the latter 1980's. The new remasters offered here sound like the band just recorded the tracks last week, and hearing the album anew makes you wonder what the hell is wrong with most bands these days. Honestly -- doesn't anyone care about creating music that will LAST as well as sell a million units? This music was recorded THIRTY THREE YEARS AGO, and makes your average 2003 era rock band sound like a bunch of lazy deadbeats posing for groupies.  What I will always refer to as as "Side One" of the record [the first three tracks from the CD] are among Album Oriented Rock's finest moments -- the best non Beatles Side One ever, maybe, with ZERO weaknesses. "Yours Is No Disgrace" is some sort of magical time machine disguised as a song; No way is that ten minutes long. It feels more like about three, has the energy needed to overcome any hangover or bad hair day, and remains a breathtaking example of what you can do with stereo sound if you just think a little. "The Clap" is an over the top display of guitar prowess by Steve Howe that still leaves my jaw hanging open in awe of his abilities and awareness of what different sounds a simple acoustic guitar can make: it doesn't even seem like he's really trying, just sort noodling away for a few minutes while the other band members catch a break during a concert. I'd love to hear him play a banjo -- he'd blow that mutant kid from "Deliverance" right out of the water. And then there is "Starship Troopers", the first extended art rock hit of the 70's, and still a staple of AOR classic rock the world over. With its different sections, flawless musical performances and angelic harmonies with John Anderson's Aquarian age lyrical content that defies literal interpretation, "Starship Troopers" represents a moment in musical history when everything fell together in just the perfect order at just the right time -- this song may be Yes' most important contribution to our culture, "Roundabout" not withstanding. If I ever fly on the space shuttle, I am going to make them play the closing segment during countdown so that we blast off at just the right moment. You can actually feel the speakers of your stereo moving the air particles around them as they kick the bottom into overdrive during the climax. "Side Two" [or the final three tracks] is a little weaker, but good gravy ... "Your Move/All Good People" remains a cherished radio hit, even though I have personally never really cared for it [too sappy], and "Perpetual Change" was an experiment in audio technology that still boggles my mind as to how they even thought up the idea of merging two different takes into the big climax. Only Bill Bruford could have calculated that beat and nailed it right down to the quarter second on dual tracks. Truly amazing, even though the song does go on for a bit longer than it needed to. Special personal mention must be made of "A Venture", which remains one of the most haunting little ditties in my collection of Things I Cling Onto From My Youth. To this very day I wish that I could hear the "entire" take of this song, which seems to have been faded out just as the band was starting to go somewhere with it. Steve Howe's non-distorted "jazz" guitar counterpointed by Tony Kaye's grand piano was sadly underutilized, and the solo Howe starts churning out as the piece ends might have even put old Bob Fripp to shame. Maybe the "extra tracks" version will fulfill my wish when it is released this spring ... a seven minute version of "A Venture" would make 2003 for me. Oddly enough, one of the reasons why I am so fond of "The Yes Album" and "A Time And A Word" both is the ABSENCE of Rick Wakeman. The band represented on these two records was a much more organic outfit, whereas the Wakeman era Yes offerings seem rigidly composed and lacking spontineity. Maybe one of the reasons why I like "A Venture" so much is that they do just seem to be "jamming" as the piece concludes; Rick Wakeman era Yes didn't "jam" in an organic manner, they executed compositions.  I also simply love the sound of Tony Kaye's organ and moog synthesizer on "Yours Is No Disgrace" and especially "Starship Troopers", where his bass pedal and Chris Squries' filtered bass guitar provide a bottom to the sound that really flings it into orbit. While I don't begrudge Yes for replacing Kaye with the much broader talented Wakeman, there is something very special about the albums on which Kaye appeared that Yes never seemed to be able to recapture -- a sense of innocence, perhaps. Much fuss is made of this being Steve Howe's first record with Yes, but I prefer to think of it as Tony Kaye's last Yes album, and have always wondered what became of the electric organ he used when recording it. That sucker belongs in a museum, and Kaye should be Knighted. I cannot recommend this disc enough -- if you know someone who likes rock music, buy it for them. If you have the old Atlantic issued CD, you owe yourself a copy of the remastered takes. And when the "bonus edition" is released I expect you to pick up a copy of that too ... "The Yes Album" will still be relevant for another thirty three years no matter what happens to the planet or universe, and the same can not be said for many of it's contemporaries. While "Close To The Edge" is probably classic Yes' bona-fide masterpiece and "Fragile" their biggest commercial hit, "The Yes Album" will always be my favorite of their records, no debate.  Five stars all the way.     