 I discovered Catherine Spangler fairly recently from a listmania entry here at Amazon.  And I'm so glad I did!  I'm a very picky reader, especially of futuristic romance, my favorite genre.  I bought both SHIELDER and SHADOWER and sat down to read them in order by release date.  I do wish I'd known that though Spangler wrote SHADOWER after SHIELDER, chronologically SHADOWER comes first.  Spangler has said that the characters of Sabin and Moriah were so popular that she decided to write their story.  I finished SHIELDER and plunged immediately--it was that good!--into SHADOWER and was a bit confused at first but soon realized the chronological order and adjusted.  Not a big problem, but I was surprised that I enjoyed SHADOWER even more than the first book! I was VERY satisfied with how Spangler handles the heroine's mistrust of men.  Far too often, authors tell us that a heroine has been abused or raped in their past and then the heroine jumps into bed with the hero like she has absolutely no issues or emotional baggage.  I find that ridiculous.  If an author is going to use sexual abuse as a plot device, I want a realistic reaction on the character's part.  No whining; hate that!  But Moriah's very believable inability to trust Sabin after the rotten way she's been treated all her life--especially in light of his Shadower profession--made perfect sense to me.  As a woman, I can identify with her doubts, and I also adored Sabin's patience in dealing with her.  There's nothing I love more than a tough alpha hero who can be sweet and tender with the woman he loves.  The little community of women Moriah works to protect and provide for added another believable layer to the heroine's subconscious dilemma of wanting to trust Sabin but not feeling that she could afford to.  And the secondary characters of Lionia and Radd and their little romance were extremely funny. All in all, Spangler does a fantastic job in creating a complex, compelling love story with wonderful emotional depths.  Sabin is a knockout hero, Moriah is spunky and strong, and the action is non-stop.  And, lest I neglect to mention, the sexual tension is fabulous!  A GREAT read!     