 American Snoozzzzze ("with a z")  Although American Dreamz has moments of socially redeeming value and a really impressive cast, it is neither satire (it is broad farce), nor is it particularly "smart". But it is being called both. (For an example of smart satire, see "Thank You for Smoking".) Laughs here are mostly dutiful or nervous. This reminded me of something between amateurish college skits, all dressed up with Hollywood production values and way-overdone make-up, and "Saturday Night Live" with too much time on its hands, cobbled together with an uneasy terrorist plot twist. Written and directed by Paul Weitz, director of "American Pie" and "About a Boy", this movie's reach exceeds its grasp: aiming for the "About a Boy" audience, it hits "American Pie" humor, if it hits, instead.   It's simply too easy to lampoon George W. Bush (overplayed by Dennis Quaid as a ventriloquist's dummy) for too many things, and it's been done. Marcia Gaye Hardin plays a very respectable Laura Bush clone. A sly casting touch is having Willem Dafoe eerily made up as a cross between Dick Chaney and Donald Rumsfield, being the puppeteer and the ventriloquist behind the President. Hugh Grant is far too charming to be able to carry off this version of the loutish and soulless "Simon Cowell"-style host of "American Dreamz".   Since the show gets more votes than are cast in Presidential elections, this Administration decides to bolster sagging poll numbers by having the President appear as a guest judge on "American Dreamz".  Mandy Moore is quite good as the ambitious "babe" contestant, and Shohreh Aghdashloo, an Oscar contender for her supporting role in "House of Sand and Fog", is a gem who sparkles whenever she is on screen, however small the role. I was baffled as to why Chris Klein seemed to be either trying to channel or satirize Keanu Reeves, but it was difficult to tell which, and not a particularly worthwhile exercise.  (I would personally rather have seen Keanu Reeves.) Sam Golzari, playing the accidental Arab contestant who happens to be a member of a terrorist sleeper cell, slowly grows on you as he "Omer-izes" his Dreamz audience, but it is Omer's American family which has by far the best scenes.  The movie is overly ambitious as farce, and yet mostly tries to go for easy laughs. At its most uncomfortable, it appeared to be trying misguidedly and ham-handedly to satirize "Paradise Now" or "The War Within", both serious, excellent movies, nominated for major awards.  "American Dreamz" may qualify for Razzie nominations in costume and make-up.    It might be as important a movie as it wants to be when in a distant century, the DVD is discovered under rubble or taken out of a time capsule for a too-facile historical comparison of our pop culture obsession with the "bread and circuses" mentality near the end of the Roman Empire. But the narcissism of the movie itself will be the best argument for our generation's willingness to try to find an intellectual excuse or even entertainment where there is so little.      