 I liked this movie quite a bit, and would give a "B +", as a fond teacher gives a good paper that clearly shows good effort, a better-than-average essay that exceeds expectations. However, that's a school grade for a good job; this is not a "B" movie, and reviewers who so define it both do it an injustice and misuse a term of art.    Wickipedia defines "B movie" thusly: "any low-budget movie with lesser-known (and generally considered inferior) actors (B-actors). Usually the films are formulaic and campy, with cheap special effects, uninspired dialogue, and gratuitous nudity, sexuality, and/or violence. B-movies of the horror movie genre are especially popular. B-movies today are often not even released in theaters, instead going direct-to-video."  Rachel McAdams and Cillian Murphy are not B actors. McAdams' recent reviews have said "Watch out, Julia Roberts." While I would expect Julia Roberts to be offered the role of Rachel McAdams' mother in some upcoming screenplay by an age-crazy Hollywood, the camera loves Rachel's face with less necessary favoring of  her "good side" than was ever true of Ms. Roberts. As sexy as the iconic Jerry Ryan, as lithe and fun to watch as the charming Jennifer Garner, McAdams ("The Notebook", "Mean Girls", "Wedding Crashers") may ultimately show more range in her career than either of those two have yet managed. Cillian Murphy is also having a stellar year with "Batman Begins" and the upcoming "Breakfast on Pluto". With an easy charm which he uses as his first weapon of terror, Murphy's enjoyment of the effect of his dispassion when he first describes his "real job" to his seatmate on the plane is a wonderful understated acting job: he hasn't turned off the charm; he hasn't added too much to his nonchalant delivery; yet the coldness of his view of other people and his obvious pleasure in delivering terror is all right there on the palette.   Creating a taut thriller at 80 minutes of playing time, Wes Craven (the director) cleverly focuses our attention at the beginning of the movie on bit characters who are going to play a role in subsequent events, tipping us to upcoming plot development and letting us feel as smart as our heroine Lisa (played by Rachel McAdams) when she realizes it's up to her to fight the nightmare in which she's trapped. Cillian Murphy as Jackson Rippner (gotta love that Wes Craven touch!) is charming and chilling and terriyingly manipulative.   Making the manipulation of one glorified hotel clerk the lynchpin of a terror plot, the drama is made intimate. The small idiosyncracies of individuals lace the plot together, and very good editing raise this film above B fare.   Yes, there are some plot holes, but the briskness of the pace minimizes them. The production values are very good, not at all B-movie fare-- with a couple of long shot exceptions that were unnecessary to the movie. The humor in some of the devices (gotta love that voodoo pen!, the red scarf as ascot, and even the referential music in points of high tension) are played with a wink toward the audience who recognizes them as symbols, and no condescension toward those who don't. And then, of course, there's the REAL reason I went to see this movie: it's Colby Donaldson's (my favorite Survivor competitor's) first real movie role. He's still pretty cool, in my book.   While not a masterpiece, it shows some maturing of Wes Craven's style. At the least, it's a darned satisfying Saturday night at the movies.      