 Orlando Furioso is a classic story that has often been overlooked by the average reader.  We follow Charlemagne's paladins as they traverse the world, pagan and Christian, looking for adventure, fame, and love.  They  end up in many fascinating places such as enchanted castles, Hades, and on  the moon with St. John the Apostle.  Their adventures bring them into  contact with fascinating people, incredible beasts, and magic weapons.   They engage in sword fights and duels, convert the Muslims, and fall in  love.  The story centers on Orlando and other pagan and Christian knights  as they try to win the love of Angelica, a Saracen Princess.  Meanwhile, a  war between the Christians and Muslims is going on.  These events are a  continuation of the story told in Orlando Innamorato by Boiardo, which came  before this poem.  Ariosto, however, has given us a sequel that in many  ways surpasses its predecessor.  Orlando Furioso is a story of epic  proportions that is subtly funny, never boring, and always beautiful.  To  the basic themes of chivalry and love, Ariosto has added elements of  allegory, irony, and even prophecy to make an enchanting masterpiece.  The  stories contained are similar to the Arthurian legends, only with more  humor and excitement.  I agree with C.S. Lewis when he wrote: "Our oblivion  of these poets (i.e. Boiardo and Ariosto) is much to be regretted...because  it robs us of a whole species of pleasures and narrows our very conception  of literature."    For some reason amazon.com links this review to both  the Reynolds and the Waldman translations, but they are different books.   Although the previous part of my review is valid for any translation, this  part is only relevant for the Waldman version.  I have not read the one by  Reynolds.  This translation is in prose, meaning it loses some of the  original spirit of Ariosto.  However, by doing this Waldman makes the  stories much easier to read and more accessible for the average person, who  usually does not read poetry.  I really enjoy the prose rendering; it has  been done beautifully.  If you love poetry and/or want a translation closer  to the original Italian, then perhaps you should buy another version.  One  benefit though, is that this edition is complete in one volume and  unabridged.  Also, there is an introduction and an index of characters and  their adventures.  Unfortunately, there are no annotations.  Overall, this  is an excellent book that I think everyone should read at least once.  It  is a classic!     