 Morgante stands with Orlando Furioso (Ariosto) and Orlando Innamorato (Boiardo) as one of the great Italian Renaissance romance epics.  Morgante, however, is often overlooked, and has only recently been made available in  English.  Pulci's work has all of the elements that made the genre so  popular: romance, action, chivalry, rivalry, magic, and intrigue.  Pulci  mixes the tragic and the comedic, the epic and the burlesque, and the  reverent and the sacrilegious to give the reader a story that is extremely  beautiful and always entertaining.  Although he lacks some of the subtlety  of Ariosto, he has nonetheless created a masterpiece in twenty-eight  cantos.  We follow Orlando, Rinaldo, Astolfo, Ogier the Dane and the other  paladins of King Charlemagne's court through countless adventures in  Saracen lands with beautiful women, wicked leaders, grotesque giants, and  mythical beasts.  It seems that the characters almost inevitably engage in  sword fights, convert the Muslims and fall in love.  The stories are  similar to those of the Arthurian legends, only with the addition of  Pulci's grand sense of humor.  It all culminates in the Battle of  Roncesvalles, where the Christians (betrayed by the wicked Gano) are  treacherously attacked by Marsilius and his pagans.  This is the story  narrated in the Song of Roland, but it comes alive through Pulci's  creativity.  The translation by Joseph Tusiani is in verse and has been  rendered in dignified and eloquent English.  Still, it is easy to read and  remains lively and never pedantic.  Perhaps the greatest feature of this  edition is the many annotations provided for each chapter and the scholarly  introduction (all by Edoardo Lebano) on the life and works of Luigi Pulci.   There are over 200 pages of annotations that help illuminate passages in  each canto.  This makes the book ideal for students and scholars of both  Pulci and the Renaissance. I highly recommend this book.  For readers who  are unacquinated with Furioso or Innamorato, perhaps you should read those  works first to get an idea of the genre, especially since this edition of  Morgante is rather pricey.  Also, chronologically, Morgante contains  stories relating to the end of Orlando's life.  However, for those (like  me) who have read Furioso and Innamorato and found them to be splendid  works, Morgante will be a fine investment.     