 I first discovered this book when one of my history professors recommended it.  Now, I always keep it nearby when I write. It gives directions for writing great papers and contains the latest citation information for the  Chicago, MLA, and APA styles (different teachers often prefer different  styles).  Also, Slade gives the information in a concise manner (only 297  full size pages). Because of this, I highly recommend it for those who  write research papers frequently, especially college students.  Here is a  chapter summary: 1) Writing a Research Paper: This section explains the  basics of writing a research paper and is very useful to the novice.  It  deals with choosing a topic, preparing a bibliography, library research  techniques, organizing the paper, writing drafts, and proofreading.  This  chapter also includes sample research pages. 2) Elements of Theses and  Dissertations: Slade tells how to write abstracts, make title pages,  organize chapters, and arrange reference materials.  This section also  includes sample pages. 3) Quotations: This part teaches the reader how to  use direct and indirect quotations, as well as proper punctuation and  capitalization.  She also gives examples from the 3 major styles. 4)  Style and Mechanics: Slade explains in detail the style (e.g. diction,  tense, unbiased language) and mechanics (e.g. spelling, italics,  hyphenation) of a good paper. 5) Tables, Figures, and Computer Materials:  This chapter demonstrates proper usage and placement of figures and tables  (including those generated by computer).  Sample figures are provided. 6)  The Finished Copy: Slade recaps previous chapters, explains about equipment  and supplies (e.g. paper quality) and gives typing and printing  instructions. 7) Chicago Manual Style: This section explains how to do  endnotes, footnotes, and bibliographies in this style.  There are examples  from all types of sources (books, periodicals, etc.).  She even includes  electronic and web sources. 8) MLA Style: Slade explains how to cite  works in the text and properly create a bibliography in the MLA style.  As  with the Chicago, she gives examples from many types of sources, including  the internet. 9) American Psychological Association Style: This section  demonstrates how to cite sources in the text and the bibliography according  to the APA guidelines.  It too explains how to cite many types of sources,  including internet and electronic. There is an appendix that includes  legal citations and state abbreviations, a glossary of terms, and an index.     