 I have purchased Rodney Yee DVDs for the past five years, progressing from the basic ones, through the intermediate to this advanced DVD.  Rodney Yee has put together another great DVD.  This DVD is by no means meant for a beginner.  I would not advise any one to try the routines without three or more years of consistent yogic practice.  Otherwise, you could either hurt yourself or just wind up frustrated from not being able to keep up with the sequence(s).  With the disclaimer out of the way let me tell you that this is a great DVD.  I have practiced to Rod Yee's DVD's for a long time, and this one is the best one yet.  People who are familar with Yee will find that the pace of this DVD is a bit faster than normal, so I would advise watching the DVD before following along.  He moves through the poses quickly and effortlessly.  He will stay a bit longer in really advanced poses and arm balances, but for the most part moved right through the sequence.  The 1st DVD includes two sequences, an arm balancing and hip opener coming in at approximately 50 and 25 minutes respectively.  The arm balancing sequence includes alot of intermediate to advanced arm balances (e.g. a few advanced versions of headstand, crow pose, balancing while one leg is over the should and opposite  leg is extended, and a few I hope to be able to do in the next five years).  The hip opener sequence is amazing.  Normally it takes me 60 minutes of doing Ashtanga Yoga before I can even consider sitting in a full lotus, with Yee's DVD I could sit comforatably after 20 minutes of his routine.  The arm balance sequence does include a lot of the hip opening poses you will see in the hip opening sequence.  The hip opening sequence includes alot of half and full lotus based poses including rooster poses (sitting in full lotus and balancing your weight on your hands).  The breath work is a good DVD as well, but my interest is moreso in the poses than the pranayama.  Again, this is a fantastic DVD if you have the yogic background.  I cannot stress enough that if you are fairly new to yoga or you are looking to start doing yoga, then this DVD should only be used as a source of inspiration for where you hope to be in the next few years.     