 If you are familiar with the Power Yoga and Primary Series DVDs read this: I have purchased and reviewed Berly Bender's Power Yoga and Richard Freeman's Primary Series DVDs and I must say that this one is actually better.  Power Yoga is not broken up into sections (a problem for some viewers), Swenson's DVD is.  Power Yoga provides a class-like setting with students of different skill levels performing everything from the complete version of a pose to a variety of modifications.  Swenson's video has a demo and intro section that explains modifications.  Richard Freeman's Primary Series is broken up into sections and offers no modifications, while Swenson does offer modifications, and the same level of expertise performing the asanas.  Also, I liked Swenson's more reassuring style versus Freeman's more clinical style.  Swenson struck me as more encouraging (which I think is important to anyone just starting out in Ashtanga Yoga) often encouraging the viewer to "follow your breath" and "not to sacrifice the breath to attain a posture". Overall, this DVD is a nice cross between the Power Yoga and Primary Series DVDs, offering the encouragement and modifications of Bender and the expertise of Freeman. If you are not, read this: David Swenson's DVD is a tremendous buy for anyone who is interested in an at home Ashtanga practice.  The DVD is 2 hours long and offers a demo and introduction and breaks the Primary Series up into it's seperate parts (i.e. Sun Salutations, Standing Sequence, Seated Sequence, Closing Sequence).  Swenson includes a deep relaxation portion which I enjoyed.  It offers about 10+ minutes of meditation (something most DVDs avoid these days).  Swenson expertly performs all of the asanas, but maintains a reassuring attitude throughout the practice.  Swenson constantly encourages the viewer to "follow the breath" instead of killing yourself to get into a pose.  Keep in mind thought that no matter how reassuring Swenson is, this is a tough practice.  If you are new to yoga, watch this tape all the way through before even attempting a posture.  The Primary Series is approximately 90 minutes of sweating, it produces tremendous heat.  With that in mind if you are looking for a challenge, want to lose weight, or try a more vigorous form of yoga, then this is for you.  Keep in mind you will sweat (alot).     