 This is an awesome DVD if you are into flowing ashtanga/power yoga type workouts.  The flow is fast, but not as fast as ashtanga, but there are pauses between workout segments (may help you catch your breath/regain your composure).  This DVD is broken down into four workouts.  The first is the basic workout last for about 45 minutes, it is good for an experienced beginner (1+ year of experience), the second and third are closer to 90 minutes each and have alot of intermediate to advanced arm balances in them (e.g. crow pose, forearm balance, handstands, arm pressure pose, and many others).  The first 90 minute series is geared towards hip and should opening, while second is geared towards back bending.  Both are very challenging, but Shiva does a nice job of demonstrating modifications/stages for difficult poses.  There is also a lunar flow which has more restorative poses (about 75 minutes long) and is great when you don't feel up to either of the 90 minute flows, but want something more challenging than the basic flow.  You also can create your own workout.  The DVD includes 30 different vinyasa flow workouts and you can arrange into your own workout to last from 15 minutes to 2.5 hours.  This DVD compares well in terms of level of difficulty and amount of sweat as it relates to ashtanga.  Shiva Rea has an ashtanga background and it shows, when she performs jump throughs and jump backs (for you ashtanga folks out there, her jumps are very floaty), as well as her ability to perform a lot of the poses I've seen in the various ashtanga series.  Almost anyone (barring with either more than 5 years of experience or a flat out contortionist) would find doing either of the 90 minute segments with the full versions of advanced poses difficult.  Before practicing with this DVD, please watch it first.  You need to be able to anticipate a little bit what comes next, because some of the poses are advanced, and you don't want to miss the modification or break the flow.  With that said, this is an excellent DVD.  A person could use this DVD for a long while by rotating these workouts to work on different things on different days, and that's before you start creating your own workouts.  If you are looking to go to take your yoga practice to the intermediate or advanced level, then this is the DVD to buy.  This is the first DVD I have purchased by Shiva Rea, but it won't be the last.     