 I loved this DVD.  The workout is by no means easy.  I think that if you either have good endurance or want to improve your endurance, then buy this DVD.  This DVD goes no stop for roughly 75 minutes.  This is the full primary series she is doing, plus a few poses she throws in.  The DVD has no bookmarks or stopping points, it's basically either you do the whole thing or you just fast forward past what you don't want to do.   I know some reviewers saw this this as a hindrance moreso than a help, but the idea is do all of the poses in a certain sequence.  The fact that there 8-10 people of different skill levels doing either the full pose or some modification makes up for lack of bookmarks/stopping points.  If you do want to just perform segments, then purchase Richard Freeman's Primary Series workout.  You can elect to do the whole workout (including opening and closing chants), or just perform segments (sun salutations, standing poses, seated poses, etc.).  However, there are no modifications, and Freeman is performing these poses at a near perfect level (check your ego at the door).  If you are looking for a shorter more accessible version of Ashtanga yoga, then try either Baron Baptiste's Power Yoga 3 or MTV's second power yoga tape.  While Baron offers a condensed (45 minute vs 75-90 minute) version that includes most of the easy to intermediate poses, the MTV version is a loosely based version of the primary series where many of the poses are there, but not necessarily in order, and the instructor uses a lot more creative license.   I found this DVD highly motivating.  Seeing people of different skill levels get through the entire workout spurred me to go on.  Berly makes the primary series fun and accessible, but you will sweat.  If you think that 75+ minutes is too long, then try one of the other tapes I suggested, however, if you want to try to complete the primary series, and want to build the endurance needed to do 1-1.5 hrs of yoga, then buy this tape.     