 ...But not for the faint of heart. Pros: *cost effective. Uses existing (live!) phone lines. No need to buy cabling or extra hardware to link the two PCs. Alternative networking solutions would have you buy 2 NIC cards, a router, cable, wall jacks and plates. Etc. etc. *Individually packaged. No need to buy 2 more cards when I want to add that 3rd PC. *Time effective. No snaking cables, drilling holes: just plug n' play... *Performs well: download rates on the networked PC were just as fast as the PC connected directly to the modem. *Primary PC (the one connected to the cable modem) gives me an effective switch to limit internet access to the other PC's (just by turning it off). More delicate controls require purchasing additional software from "Fatpipe", conveniently available for download from the network admin menu for the Netgear PA301... Cons: *Icky software installation. Steps to install the drivers, configure the cards etc, required booting each PC 3 times. The older PC was content with this, but the newer one took several errors. Don't remember quite what they were: I ignored them. Seems this was the right thing to do as after the last boot they could talk to each other. Except: *The old internal phone modem on the new PC no longer functioned. After monkeying with settings a while, I finally pulled out the modem card, booted, re-installed the card, let him detect and re-install drivers for the phone modem, all was OK. (whew: I use the phone modem to access restricted systems like the one at work). From what I've read, the main difference between this card and the one 3Com makes is the software; hardware is almost identical (same chips). *Primary PC must be on whenever the other PCs need access to the internet. System info: I installed these on 3 very different PCs: Micron P90, Gateway P133, home built AMD 1gig. All 3 have Win98 Second Edition. The Micron and AMD both have extra phone modems. The AMD has a regular ethernet card to interface with an external cable modem. All are within 50 feet of each other using the primary telephone line. Epilogue: I postponed buying a new surge protector for the old Micron PC (stupid) and an intervening storm fried the PA301 in my son's PC. Still works, but results in an "off the hook" condition for the phone line it uses, rendering it unusable. I'm about to find out how friendly Netgear's warranty process is.     