 OK first thing: I'm an HP bigot, so take this with that under consideration. The OOB (out of box) experience for the Canon S600 is only so so. 1st impression: "Dang this thing is big". It fills up the portion of the desk allocated to printing that previously had room for checkbooks, pens with the HP sitting there. 2nd impression: "Dang this thing is noisy". Not that noisy printing, but before it prints it does some sort-of internal tango to juice up the heads. In doing so, and after when it tidies up, it makes a lot of agonizing mechanical sounds. 3rd impression: "Dang this thing is fussy". Had to fiddle with the paper tray adjustment to keep it from jamming. (I have never had a paper jam with HP's in over 6 years of use with different printers). 4th impression: "Dang this driver is busy". Too many ways of tweaking the printed output and no duplex feature. Even my dumb old HP would print both sides by selecting this, following the instructions on the screen and feeding the paper back in for the 2nd pass. OK I only used this feature 3 times in 6 years, but still... 5th impression: "Dang this thing sucks power". MHz that is. When printing, the AMD 1gig it's attached to gets down right sluggish. 6th impression: "Is this thing going to hold up?" The Canon's claim to fame is their 4 separate tanks that are "less expensive". We'll see. The way they accomplish this is a reusable print head the tanks plug into. With the HP you throw out the printer heads each time you refresh the cartridge. Maybe this means the Canon print head is better made. Or maybe it means I'll have to spend a LOT more money replacing it when it comes time. Oh. The Canon prints just fine. About what you'd expect from today's printers for the price... 5 days later: Be sure to get a USB cable for this thing. I tried using my old parallel cable from the old printer and that was the cause of performance problems. You need a new cable if you get a new printer. And buy the cable from Amazon; Compusa will overcharge about 100%. I'm starting to adjust to the Canon, but I still think I would've been happier sticking with HP's products.     