 This is way cool. (Why is it under housewares? Why am I looking under housewares? Oh well...) This device receives radio signals from 2 sources: The remote temperature sensor which you mount outside out of direct sunlight. And, the short-wave radio broadcast from the National Institute of Standards Atomic Clock in Boulder Colorado. It has an indoor temperature sensor. It has a built in solid state barometer which displays the forecast for the next 12-24 hours using weather "icons". Set up is simple. Put in the batteries. Mount (or set) the outdoor temperature sensor (up to 100 feet from the indoor receiver). Set your time zone pushing a button that cycles through a map of the U.S. (sorry, this is biased towards Americans, but should work equally well in Canada/Mexico. Forget about Europe though, they have their own time signal which isn't compatible with this unit). And wait a few hours. During summer months when the reception of short-wave is worse, expect to have to wait overnight for the time signal to be received. During winter it may receive it immediately. It comes with normal alkaline AA cells, but if you live in climates where the temperature drops below freezing much, you'll want to substitute lithium AA's for the outdoor unit. Alkaline cells stop working around 20F.  During normal operation it synchronizes its clock several times a day with the atomic clock in Boulder. In between it relies on its quartz "movement" to keep current time. It has high/low temperature memory, 24/12 hour time mode, alarm clock function (though this is a little difficult to use). Displays day/date/month/seconds. Both the indoor and outdoor units are well made. The outdoor unit is weatherproof (o-ring seal) but should be mounted out of direct sunlight, rain, snow. The indoor unit is wall mountable or has its own stand for counter/desktop use.  Before discovering Oregon Scientific, I purchased a radio remote thermometer from some other manufacturer. Paid almost as much as that one, and threw it out after 2 months. This one I've had for 6 months and it works perfectly. My wife even lets it stay on the kitchen counter.     