 Bruce has long been drawn to the story-songs of the great country artists.  This album is about equally divided between somber Tom Joad-style folk songs, and some happier, more uptempo songs.  But at heart this is a country album.  If you intensely dislike country music, and want Bruce to stick to the fist-pumping anthems of "Badlands" and "Born to Run", this may not be the album for you.  Bruce sings most of these stories in some variation of a soft southern drawl, and fiddles and steel guitar play a big part in the instrumentation.  The up-tempo numbers have some of the best lyrics and melodies Bruce has ever written.  The standout song on the entire album is "Long-Time Comin'", which covers some of the same ground Bruce wrote about on 1992's "Better Days".  But this song is better, and the central theme of fatherhood, with all the awe-inspiring responsibility it entails, gives the song a powerful emotional punch.  On "Long Time Comin'", Bruce's voice sounds better than it has in years, and you can sense the combination of hope, fear, happiness, and determination in the central character's voice as Bruce sings.  Other standout uptempo numbers include "Maria's Bed" and "All I'm Thinkin' About".  On both, Bruce tries out his falsetto to wonderful effect.  Bruce has a knack for singing in a voice that perfectly fits the protagonists of his songs, and the falsetto works so perfectly here that you can forgive him for a few missed notes here and there.  "Leah" is another great uptempo song with a simple but wonderful guitar melody and a beautiful horn solo in the middle.  I especially love the last verse of Leah:   "I got somethin' in my heart, I been waitin' to give I got a life I wanna start, one I been waitin' to live No more waitin', tonight I feel the light I say the prayer I open the door, I climb the stairs..."  Bruce covers more Joad-like territory in folk songs such as "The Hitter", "Matamoras Banks" (which is almost a sequel to "Across the Border" from the Tom Joad album), and my favorite of the slower songs, "Black Cowboys".  Black Cowboys tells a very powerful story of a young black boy from a dangerous part of the inner city, and his relationship with his mother.  This song plays out like a short story and Bruce does some great understated singing.  The only thing keeping "Devils and Dust" from 5-stars is a couple of so-so tunes that will tempt most listeners to hit the skip button on their CD player.  Songs like "Reno" and "Silver Palomino" just don't connect with the listener the way the other tracks do.  But all in all, this is a worthwhile addition to any Bruce fan's collection.     