 Alligator Dance is a collection of stories by Janet Perry which introduce you to the Mexican culture and 'south of the border' mentality of a palette of colorful characters.   South Padre (Story 1) shows what happens to character, Jesse Folcher, when he can't love the one he's with and what results in the end. Alligator Dance (Story 2) is written from a child's point of view on the aspect of the child's encounter with another child who is an outsider.  Anyone who had grown up with 'unique' friends will recognise the disjointed and confusing thinking. The Waco Wego (Story 3) brings back memories of "To Kill a Mockingbird" when the child's father, who is a lawyer, works at attempting to help a local woman's son who committed a heinous crime. Mountains, Roads, The Tops of Trees (Story 4) is a love story, compacting a lifetime into a graceful gesture before death. Nosotros (Story 5)is a chapter excerpt that was developed into a beautiful 'love/hate' relationship story between two women in "A River Beyond the World." Whitewing (Story 6) is a story about subconcious prejudice that develops into concious hatred. Huevos (Story 7) is a story about a young man who takes action against events beyond his control and the realization that only running way will solve his own issues. What the Thunder Said (Story 8) tells a story about a young woman who assumes too much, takes too much, and looses everything at the end. Job's Daughters (Story 9) shows how cousins from two different cultures can come together as a family when there is a need. Daughter of the Moon (Story 10) shows that the difference between two grandmothers can be a good thing or a bad thing, depending upon what a child remembers.   All these stories are beautifully written, give glimpses into different cultures or your own mind, where discoveries are made because of similar patterns of thinking. You will come away from this book feeling pleasantly surprised and entertained and wanting to think over the stories, perhaps reading them again to see what other lessons can be gained.  I highly recommend this book for those looking for deep meaning for life and a variety of viewpoints.     