 I bought this book at Dollar Tree and it was the best book I ever purchased for a buck.  (I'm sure the author didn't want to read about that, but I'm here to give her a plug anyway, so maybe more readers will buy this book and others brand new from Amazon.com...) The plot of the book was decent -- a black, female news reporter involved in getting the 'story first' dives nose first into a drive-by shooting incident in a gang-ridden neighborhood with which she is too familiar, then afterwards steps in deeper when she finds out she is the cause of a kidnapping.  What really drove me deeper into this book was the colorful language (not smutty, but creative).  The wording really drove home that this was a 'Sister' telling the story, not just another writer trying to come across as African American.   I believe that the author is successful in showing the reader the conflict the female reporter encounters everyday in her dog-eat-reporter world of media TV news, her emotions as she gets deeper into a story than she wanted to, and romance as she hooks up with a Police Detective who reads (between the lines) like a 'Chippendale Model.'  What was interesting to me was she seemed to fill out all the African-American characters to a very believeable extent, but the Caucasion characters that she described -- they seemed somewhat 'colorless' as characters per se in the book (no pun intended). Ardella Garland has written other books: 'Falling Leaves of Ivy,' 'He Say, She Say,' 'Bebe's by Golly Wow,' and 'This Just In.'  I'd be interested in reading some of her other books just to see what type of writing style she's brought from those books to this one.   I would recommend this book highly, mainly because of the interesting writing style that the author uses.  Reminds me of a Black Ya-Ya Sister(hood) and maybe she'll be lucky enough to get a Movie of the Week made from this or even better, a series on TV.  I would watch just because of the interesting character this reporter, Georgia, seems to be. Ardella -- good luck at making it with more of your novels!     