 I just paged through dozens of those folks writing reviews that hated the book.  Boy, did they misunderstand what this book is about!   Anyone who is a fan of Saturday Night Live can see the biting sarcasm, the intrinisic irony, and the 'bite your tongue, and don't laugh out loud because someone might hear you giggling at something politically incorrect' humor of this story.  Those hoping to read more darkly gothic storytelling with their favorite character, Kay Scarpetta, are sure to be disapointed--...  Those who read this book to be entertained by a parody of Southern politics, hilarious distortions of basic human emotions, and who can recognize real-life folks just just trying to 'get along' are in for a delightful ride.   The story is essentially about a crime-fighting team of a female Va State Police Commissioner (?) and her trusty side-kick, a 'good 'ol white boy' State Police helicopter pilot whose main mission in life is to do their jobs as well as possible despite all the stupid people getting in their way.   If anyone remembers The Dukes of Hazard television show, the little fat town mayor will quickly come to mind when Cornwell describes the Governor of Virginia--blind, deaf, and dumber than a hunk of fat-back hanging in the smokehouse.  His wife, equally stupid, vapid, and a TV shop-a-holic will bring to mind many close relatives many of us are forced to accknowledge in our own families.  The daughters--equally dumb, fat, and obnoxious to boot, make up the discontent family of political squatters in the Richmond Capital Mansion.  Enter a protagonist who stirs the Govenor's pot (figuratively and literally) to realize a lifelong burning ambition based on revenge for family honor for many generations.  His methods of getting what he wants (OK, Patricia, this method of poison makes even my mouth water!) by manipulating the Governor's 'submarine' make for a cute plot amongst the several subplots with all the characters just trying to make an honest living and keeping all the vultures away.   Tangier Island was appealing to me before, and I haven't visited it yet, but I want to drop by even more now after reading about all the unique characters that Cornwell 'slightly' exaggerated in the book to increase it's humor factor.   OK, it's not a realistic, criminally dark and gothic book with sexy scenes of interacial coupling that Cornwell is known for with her Kay Scarpetta character, but she does right a compelling plot that wants you to read on to see what stupid event falls in to place next and how the characters react in a chain reaction of overdone proportions.   Anonymous Internet Hero, a missing dog, good 'ol white boys, a dishonest dentist, race car drivers, and unpolitic behavior in this book promises a giggle throughout as you read and wonder what Cornwell has thought up next.  If you are laughing within the first two chapters, then this book will entertain you to the end.  But, if you expect and demand the same style of writing as Cornwell's Scarpetta novels, don't bother.     