 Since the other reviewers have pretty much given away the plot, I'll focus on other aspects of the novel: I have read one other Jonathon Kellerman book, and when I started to read this one, long after the first, I recognized the Alex Delaware character and thought --- Oh, no, that boring character.  What hooked me was Milo, the 'partner' in detecting the criminal who-dunit.  Milo's character was far more interesting, expanded and three dimensional than the Alex Delaware character...and honestly Mr. Kellerman...when are you going to write a series devoted to Milo?  Alex Delaware seems to be guided around like a puppet, but Milo's charater has self-direction, exciting follow-up, and things happening to him versus the 'oh feel sorry for me, because my girlfriend left me' Alex's character.  I have to admit that I struggled to stay with this book through the first half, but it did get more interesting and had far more action in the second half of the book.  There were way too many guilty 'bad guys' as the murderers and I found myself getting confused in the first part of the book when more and more 'bad guys' were introduced.   The positive things about this book is Mr. Kellerman's descriptions.  He can make you feel like you are right there in the room with the characters, breathing and smelling and touching everything before them.  Mr. Kellerman does have a wonderful sense of segueing back and forth between time lines and history, and a wonderful sense of dialogue between characters.  I felt myself getting tense when Alex Delaware had telephone conversations with his girlfriend who had fled their situation (his girlfriend knows he was a shallow, selfish character, too--I'd have left him also) by taking a traveling rock concert job (still have no clue as to what specifically she did in the concert job), and was definitely feeling the sexual tension crackle between the psychiatrist he talked to about the murder and a possible second victim at dinner.   Anyway, if you can find the book at a reasonable price, and you have read and liked the characters in the previous books, go ahead and get this one.  Like the other reviewers state, Mr. Kellerman is getting better at his craft, he just needs to flesh out Alex Deleware into a more exciting and three dimensional character so the other characters in the novel(s) don't steal the show!     