 I am hooked on Robert Ludlum's books.  I gave up romance after I turned 20, moved on to murder mysteries (Ellery Queen genre), but I never experienced an author that could keep me awake until 3:00 in the morning, not only with one of his books--but with all of them! I have read The Chancellor Manuscripts, all three of the series of the Bourne books, and just finished the Holcroft Covenant, which teases and hints at a sequel in the last few pages, and I'm crossing my fingers there is one (have to still check out his list of books).   The Holcroft Covenant deals with Nazi sympathizers and a Covenant that is allegedly going to help all those victims of the Holocaust approximately 30 years after the conclusion of the war.  Mr. Holcraft, the son of one of Hitler's closest officers who supposedly committed suicide in the last days of the Reich, is given a letter, written by his father before his death, directing the son to find two other Nazi offspring, go to Geneva, and recover a multi-million dollar account that is dictated to be used to 'help' those victims of war crimes committed during the war.   The twist, as expected in any Ludlum novel, occurs about half-way through the book, from a direction the reader would never guess, and involves a woman (the hero always has to get his gal in Ludlum's novels--I love it!), and this right after he encounters an experience that forces him to run for his life, hide from those he loves, and cuts his communications off from any normal life that the hero would normally use if this was real life.   While Ludlum's books smack of a 'formula,' I absolutely love it--you know that something unusual is going to happen to the main character, he's going to be forced to give up his normal life to go out and 'save the world,' he'll use life-long aquaintances for help throughout the book (although about 85% end up in a morgue by the end of the story), there's lots of shooting of the bad guys, a damsel in distress who will initially hate the main character, then fall in love with him, and after everybody shoots at each other and more bad and good guys die, the hero either ends up being 'savior' of the world, or he ends up physically chopped to pieces, but survives to take on the bad guys again.   Don't try this plot at home--only Ludlum can add enough realistic and believable imagery to convince you of the reality of the story with his details of Europe, lovely descriptions of continental hotels, and travelogues throughout the storyline.  If you haven't tried a Ludlum novel, pick one up--any one, and enjoy an espionage thriller that only a master like Ludlum can write.     