 OK, you see I've rated it a four star, but the title of this review makes you think I thought the book title was misleading.  The books is probably one of the most fascinating books dealing with crime that I've come across in over a year of researching homicide as a budding writer.  There are colorful, four-color photographs (most full page) on almost every page.   The Title of the book "How police take homicide from case to court" seems a little misleading for the content of the book.  I believe there is a companion book to this one, but I'll be willing to bet that book is almost duplicative to the information in this book.  This book does give some fascinating evidence information, and general tips on what police do in general to determine certain factors before, during and after a crime.  But this information is spread throughout the book so you have to read every page to get a complete picture.  Another thing that bothered me is sometimes the (editor) has interposed a 'set aside' of one to two pages, interupting a subject that was half-way through discussion on one page, but isn't picked up until three pages later, and confusing the reader making them think the printer bungled the order of pages.  The positive note of this book is the highlight (1-2 pages) of major homicides, the murderer's in concise, to the point, summary descriptions.  Each chapter in the book focuses on various types and aspects of murders: 1) Murder Basics, 2) Means to Murder, 3) Motive, 4) Solving Murders, 5) Murder Inspired by Fiction (author was really 'reaching' in this chapter, but came up with some fascinating points/cases), Glossary: The Languange of Murder. All-in-All, I would advise buying this book because of the fascinating content.  The author did a suppurb (sp?) job of finding photos for almost every single case that he notedin this book, and the effort for that alone was worth the compilation of the book.   What was really interesting to me was that he even touched base on the Southside Strangler case in Richmond, Virginia, which was covered nationally, but died down in the media quickly once Timothy Spencer was caught.  I was living in the city at the time, and like every other female in the city, absolutely terrified to walk around alone.  Then later I found out that I had been in the house next door to one of his victims--talk about getting the creeps reading about that evil man again--even 16 years later.  But, the author had all the facts correct as I remember them, so I believe that the facts he compiled on the other homocides were as correct as one could get in his research.  Definitely a great book to put on your bookshelf if you are a crime 'novice' studying homicide or a writer preparing to learn a little about the industry itself.  I definitely learned a lot without having to struggle through all the mudane facts at once--the profiles spread throughout the book illustrating the points he was teaching were definitely an ingenious way of putting a learning tool together.     