 John Dee, one of the leading scientists of Elizabethan Europe, kept meticulous records of his efforts to communicate with angels. This book includes a large number of these records starting in 1583. For prior records, see Joseph Peterson's book John Dee's Five Books of Mystery.   These records are filled with fascinating and often entertaining details of 16th century life, science, politics, and occultism. Most of the material was recorded by Dee from the dictation of Edward Kelley, who saw visions in Dee's various crystal balls. Some of the evidence for the veracity of these visions is compelling, such as when the angels switch to Greek to communicate with Dee directly, so Kelley could not eavesdrop. He also dictated long passages in the "Enochian" language, which is otherwise unknown and has a consistent grammar and vocabulary. This might be the most compelling evidence, although noted linguist Donald Laycock had mixed feelings at best in his excellent book The Complete Enochian Dictionary.   Regarding Casaubon's edition, on the plus side, it is the only one available (although in various reprints).  I love the archaic language and typography. The most confusing element is usually the "long s" which looks similar to an "f", but it isn't that hard to get used to. Casaubon also includes a very detailed table of contents.  On the downside, Casaubon's edition is notoriously bad for the sheer number of errors. Individual pages almost always have several mistakes, and frequently have dozens. Most of the mistakes are minor. To make things worse, he also omitted almost all of the frequent drawings, and altered the text to disguise the fact that they are missing.  I also am disappointed that Casaubon did not maintain Dee's language, punctuation, or capitalization accurately, but "modernized" them to suit his 1650's audience. This is only slightly more readable than Dee's original. There are also frequent Latin passages, which are usually untranslated. All footnotes are Dee's, and Casaubon did not bother to add an index.   His massive introduction is filled with invective, and does little to explain the rest of the book, such as the holy table or the sample page from Liber Loagaeth.  This book was the chief basis for the popular "Enochian magic" system developed by the Golden Dawn.  Unfortunately an accurate edition of these records is not yet available. Serious scholars will probably want to obtain microfilm copies of the original manuscripts from the British Library, but they are in very poor shape, being damaged and faded in many places, making it extremely hard or impossible to read.  I heartily recommend this book to a wide audience, but be advised to take it with a grain of salt.     