 When you look at the package you can see they are much thicker than the normal bags. They are made of heavy felt about 1/8" with the soft fuzzy felt on the outside, and on the inside the felt is coated with a spray that I understand helps with the 1 micron aspect. The bottom bag has elastic sewn into the edge so that it is infinately easier to attach it to the DC and adjust the tightening band...very nice...the belt loops are made of the same material as the bag. The entire bags are double sewn and seem to be of good qaulity (no bad stitching), the seams of the bag are on the outside so that the interior of the bag has minimal oppurtunity to leak...the only 'gripes' are as to the bags not inflating as tightly as the 'leaky' 30 micron bags they replaced, makes me wonder if I am stressing my motor and/or getting the same volume of suction. [The old bag was tight and fully standing up when in use, this bag inflates maybe half as much, and when you poke the bag there isn't the tension on the surface like the old. I ran some clean 2x4s through the planer (the most voluminous tool and one farthest from the DC) and the pick up was good and similar o before. When I put my hand near an active outlet the suction seams quite good and similar to before.], the bags don't seem to be 'oversized' as I expected them to be, the tightening belt needs one more knotch, as one knotch was too loose for holding the bags on, and the next knotch seemed almost too tight. If I see a major reduction in the residual dust in my shop (the dust that settles after you leave for the evening) then I would change my rating to 5 star. Update: I have since learned that the 1 micron bags do not inflate like the normal ones, there is more air that passes through the bag and therefore it doesn't inflate. Imagine a balloon with several pinpricks in it....it will inflate slower than a normal balloon, now add many more pinpricks and the balloon will become very difficult to inflate. I have almost no dust on general surfaces now that I use this bag and have installed a 4" PVC DC system...I now believe that the suction i have is better than before, also with the bags my motor never whines when i am trying to pick up a lot of dust and chips...I am changing my review to 5 stars as all my expectations have been met, and feel confident that these bags are a good investment...I read in a dust collecting book that one should try to first spend money on good 1 micron bags before getting an overhead air cleaner....I don't see any reason to buy/make an air cleaner now...so money not spent on an air cleaner has more than paid for these bags...     