 Ok where do I begin with this one...  Cons...  Price - Very expensive if you want to be mobile with it.  Printer ($250 plus shipping) along with the optional bluetooth adapter (an additional $80 or so plus shipping), and also the optional battery pack kit (an additional $140 plus shipping).  I paid a total of over $500 plus shipping costs for this printer and the accessories to be able to use it wireless.  Included Software - Didnt auto install and doesnt always work   I had to call tech support to find out if the disk was bad or what and we ended up going into the disk and manually installing each program which ended up not installing the icons or other little special things.  Printer/Bluetooth Installation/Setup -   If you are using a usb connection then you are ok but be warned of the "work arounds" needed and other problems when using the printer strictly with the bluetooth adapter.   The printer would not install via the bluetooth connection right out of the box.  There is no documentation with the printer or bluetooth manual as to where the adapter should be installed either.  I had to call tech support to find out where to install the adapter.  I had to call twice to tech support in order for someone who would actually take the time out to help with the situation.    Cannon has a very weird way of a work around to get the bluetooth adapter to work with the printer and computer.  First of all you have to figure out which way you want to connect the printer on your computer.  Your computer's bluetooth hardware has to be configured to work with Microsofts drivers for the printer to work properly such as giving you ink status and other functions.  You only have one way communication under Windows XP SP2 and that is to only print to the machine and nothing else.  The other draw back to this configuration is that other devices such as my wireless headset wouldnt work anymore using the microsoft drivers.  So, if I wanted both devices to work I had to use the device drivers that came with my computer's bluetooth adapter and I was back to square one with only one way communication to the printer but at least all other wireless devices would work again.  When I called tech support about this problem they tried to help but didnt know about any such problems even though its all over the internet about people having problems getting the bluetooth to work properly or even at all with their bluetooth adapters that are installed in their pc.  One tech even had me uninstall the printers software and upon reboot the computer would not boot up at all.  I spent a month trying to reinstall everything back into the pc.  Setup also requires you to install the printer using a usb connection first and then installing the printer again but with the bluetooth connection therefore installing two different printers.  Anytime you need to do something to this printer it has to be connected via usb to do any maintenance on it.    This printer was a major pain to get up and running.  Print speed/Quality -   The printer takes a lot longer to print the same page of text compared to my lexmark x6170 all in one.  Also, in between each page there is a default drying time which can be changed to go longer but not turned off completely.  Pros...  Mobility - No need for wires or power adapters Small - fits in a briefcase or laptop bag easily Print Quality - is better than most small compact printers Cartridges - are cheap but dont really last that long since they are so small  Do I recommend the printer you ask...yes i recommend it if you are a mobile person and need to print things on the spot anytime anywhere and are willing to shell out over $500 to do so.   Once you do get it up and running properly you will not be dissapointed with it.            