 I had an older model of this keyboard and the older model had a different mouse as well.  The older model I had needed to be replaced since i broke the feet that hold it up while slamming it on my desk one day (long story).  So, I go out and look around for a replacement and I find this one which is the same keyboard but the keys are different and so is the mouse.  The keys on this keyboard are transparent which look a bit updated but otherwise the keyboard looks the same as the older model.  The mouse however is a huge improvement over the older model.  This mouse is shaped different and has more buttons on it than the other.  Both devices are a breeze to use and your hands and arms dont hurt after using either one for hours at a time each and every day.  I do have some gripes about it though and here they are:  1. The batteries are supposed to last 6 months or longer?  Yeah right I had to replace the batteries on both the keyboard and mouse once I got it and have had to change them again since.  I have changed them a total of 2 times in less than one month.  Thank goodness I use rechargeable batteries.  I honestly think that something near the devices must be interferring with the devices. I have lots of wireless devices near by and is probably the cause.  Who knows.  2. as another reviewer stated that the f keys dont work unless you use the f lock key first.  This is a pain in the butt when you are doing reboots and have to go into the system bios or settings.  You have to wait for the wireless base unit to initialize first then quickly press the f lock key then quickly press the F8 key before it loads into windows.  It does require some quick reponses but eventually you do get used to it.  3. My mouse acts up a lot but its probably due to the high amount of wireless devices I have around it and it also sits on top of a digital graphic pad.  I just sometimes have to jiggle it a few times and it will work in an extreme case I will have to reset it.  Resetting doesnt happen too often though.  I highly recommend this unit because despite the little quarks here and there it is definately the most comfortable keyboard/mouse combo out there.  If you type a lot then you need this combo for sure.     