 It seems like nearly all the reviews of this book have to do with the readers' expectations and predispositions.  Allow me to summarize 95% of the reviews of this book you might read here:  "5 stars.  Al does it again!  I agree with Al and therefore find him hilarious and insightful!"  "1 star.  More lies from the left!  I disagree with Al and therefore find him repugnant and stupid!"  The truth (get it?) is this: Al's new book is much like Al's last book, but not as funny.  He's not really writing humor at all any more, except for the occasional dry bit of sarcasm.  These are so few and far between now that sometimes you'll read something and have to re-read it to figure out if he's making a joke or just reporting another outrageous fact.  Maybe he should go the Dave Barry route and add a comment explaining when he's telling the truth and when he's making stuff up.  That doesn't mean the book is bad; it just doesn't belong in the Humor section of the book store.  If you want to read a well-researched, decently written account of a lot of conservative falsehoods and hypocracies over the last few years, this is fine on that score.  It won't shake the foundations of political discourse, but it's a good antidote to the nonsense that pours out of the mouths of Sean Hannity, Ann Coulter, Rush Limbaugh, and the White House spokesman.  If you have liberal sympathies or would just like to understand why exactly we are at war right now (answer: not for any of the reasons the public has been told), this is a good read.  Just not a funny one.  If anything, it's rather depressing.  There's not much here that can be contradicted - the facts are the facts.  But some of Franken's larger arguments are still up for debate, of course, and he'll never go deep enough into those (i.e. "It would be better if the Democrats ran the country, and here's why") for my satisfaction.  I'm not actually a Democrat or a liberal myself - nor am I a conservative Republican - so it would be great to hear somebody put together a single compelling argument for the point of view they have long since learned to take for granted.     