 The reviews attached to this album perfectly illustrate how hard it is for an uncompromising indie band with a devoted cult following to compromise a little (but not a lot) and make a good album (but not their best), and still manage to make everyone (or even most everyone) remotely happy.  First of all, I'll say it right up front: 3.5 stars average review?  Use your freaking ears, folks - the album is much better and more interesting than that.  There's a lot of wholly average and even quite terrible crap on Amazon getting 4+ stars, although often because not many people review it except those insane, pudding-hoarding paranoid psychotics that are into albums made entirely with the sounds of rubbing goat parts together.  In any case, 3.5 stars has nothing to do with the album's quality; it's just there to make a point.  What's the point?  Well let's see:  1. Modest Mouse sold out!  So says all the hardcore enthusiasts who have been DOWN from DAY ONE.  I am one of those guys, so I'm here to say: forget those guys.  Most of them are allergic to change and *particularly* allergic to their favorite stuff getting even sort of popular.  The fact is, "Float On" - while a catchy, poppy, cute little song that surely indicates the band has completely and totally started licking the corporate boots, as it were - is not that different from the more accessible songs on their previous couple of albums.  And the rest of the album is mostly pretty difficult, which is totally normal for them.  2. Speaking of difficult, there's all the reviews that read like this: "I loved Float On and I bought this CD and it's all weird and tracks 6, 7 and 9 are just unlistenable WAAAAHHHH."  If that doesn't completely disprove the idjits from #1 I don't know what does.  But in any case, it makes me happy that the CD is weird and diverse.  There are strains of Tom Waits and Pavement and the Pixies here (and many of those strains have been running through Modest Mouse's whole career).  These are interesting, good musicians who I would encourage all of you to get to know.  If tracks 6, 7 and 9 are just too dang weird for you, stick to Britney Spears.  Better yet, just start buying singles off iTunes... you're too dumb to be listening to whole CDs.  You see, sometimes artists mix things up a little, and challenge you as a listener.  They don't just record the same song 15 times and call that an album.  3. While I'm on that subject, the dumbest review of this CD here on Amazon has to be the one that says Modest Mouse is a one trick pony.  One trick?  Did they even listen to the CD past the first few tracks?  Most people are complaining that the middle section of the album is too weird and different from the hit song, but you think it's too similar?  Good god... so this is what a deaf music reviewer would be like.  The mind recoils in horror.  4. Back to the hardcore faithful: "their first few albums were so much BETTER."  Well - yes, they were.  But this is still a good album by a great band.  This is like season 7 of The Simpsons, when the show was still good and delivering a ton of great jokes, but was in retrospect teetering on the brink of suckulence.  Only time will tell, with MM, if they are teetering on the same brink.  But I'll tell you this: I own The Simpsons Season 7 on DVD.  It's a good one.  And this CD is good too.  Not as good as "Lonesome Crowded West," but it's good.  In spots it's certainly easier on the ears and more liable to make me get up and dance around like a freak in my living room, so that's something.  I've got nothing else to say.  My honest, objective review rating would be 4 or 4.5 stars - but someone has to take responsibility for trying to drive this average back up to where it should be.  Hell, Amazon should step in and just "fix" the numbers.  The only good thing that has resulted from this "making no one happy" situation is that over a hundred copies of a really good CD are available for cheap to the people who are grown up enough to make a good investment.  The rest of you can save your pennies for that new Guided by Voices spinoff (now with extra tape hiss!), or downloading all the latest reggaeton hits online.      