 I won't go into much detail about the movie.  It's very good: moving, beautiful, and illuminating (although Herzog has his own spin on Treadwell's life that may be inaccurate or even intentionally misleading).  As a piece of art it's unimpeachable.  My primary reason for submitting this is to comment on the many sub-imbecilic reviews that are already here.  Read them for yourself - just scroll through a few pages and read all the one star reviews.  I'm not going to argue that anyone who dislikes the movie are automatically wrong, but the reasons given in all the one star reviews here are comical.  Most of them focus on how much the reviewer dislikes Treadwell, or thinks he's not such a heroic guy, or how he wasn't helping the bears at all.  Sarcastic voice on: NO, REALLY???  That's the subject of the documentary!  That's the focus of a lot of Herzog's commentary!!  This isn't a cude-and-cuddly nature doc like "March of the Penguins," and it ain't the newest episode of "The Crocodile Hunter."  It's a documentary about Timothy Treadwell, who was an actor, a phony, a mixed-up kid, and a well-meaning danger to himself and others.  The movie presents a VERY flawed man, no holds barred.  Your great insight into his character and his motives was gained from watching this movie.  You don't dislike the movie, you dislike Treadwell.  If you *do* dislike the movie, it's because you completely misunderstood it.  Herzog isn't presenting Treadwell as a hero  - and for those of you who are REALLY confused, the movie wasn't made by the admittedly self-promoting Treadwell, either, even though much of the footage shown was shot by him.  Finally, the people who think the documentary is fake need to do a little legwork.  Look up the book "The Grizzly Maze" the next time you're in a bookstore (if that ever happens), or do a quick internet search for news articles about Timothy Treadwell.  The documentary's subject and participants are quite real, even if some of them seem to spend a lot of time acting.  That's a large part of what the movie is about, as I already mentioned.     