 First of all, I can confirm everything stated in the previous review about this album's quality.  The songs are wonderful - a very dread, throwback sound.  This is pure, sweet roots in the style of the Souls' early 80s releases.  The production is actually more spare than that, even.  Very nice addition to your collection, and I'd recommend it only behind "Firehouse Rock," "Wild Suspense," the self-titled Studio One release, and maybe "Inchpinchers."  However, there are a couple of problems with the CD and packaging.  The album art is kind of cheap-looking and rife with typos and grammatical errors.  Not a huge deal, but it might dissuade someone from picking this up in a store if they ran into it, because it looks like a bootleg.  The CD is attributed to "Wailing Soul" rather than "The Wailing Souls" - not sure why, as it's clearly the same group.  That's negligible, if odd.  The biggest issue is that the first track, "Who Say So" (which is perhaps my favorite), is afflicted with distortion throughout the first half.  Quite a bit of the first verse and first two choruses of the song are badly distorted.  I ended up picking up a 2nd copy of the CD hoping it was an error with just my disc, but sadly no - it's either on the original master of the album, or at least on the master disc they used to press all the copies that are available for sale.  (To turn lemons into lemonade, I have edited together a cleaned-up version of this song.  The first verse is repeated later in the song, and the chorus is the same throughout, so I took sections without distortion that roughly matched the distorted parts and cut them in using a .wav editor.  If you pick up this album and would like to get an .mp3 version of "Who Say So" without the distortion, please drop me a line at dale_cooper@hotmail.com.  Make the subject line "Wailing Souls mp3" so I will see it in my junk mail bin.  I'm not interested in distributing the mp3 indiscriminately, but I believe if you already own the CD, fair use covers this completely.)  In closing - it's a great album, don't hesitate to buy it.  If you look around enough you can find it for $12 or so (cough cough Ernie B's reggae site cough).  Well worth the price.  But you'll have to look past the goofy artwork, and the problems with the first track may annoy you.  It's still a great song, though, and there's thirteen other excellent tracks after it as well.     