 Confused by all the Army of Darkness DVD releases (some in print, some out of print, some lingering halfway between)?  I know I was.  But I've done some research and figured it out, and here's how it breaks down: 1. The original DVD release-- was the original theatrical version of the movie with few extras.  Good picture, good sound, S-Mart ending.  If you just want to watch the best available version of the movie, you might get this one (if you can still find it; it's out of print now).  It also has the familiar movie poster cover with an overly muscled Bruce and the hokey "Low on gas" slogan. 2. The director's cut-- with the silly Molly Hatchet cover and the original ending.  There are many minuses: key lines are changed (not necessarily for the better).  Much of the footage looks really horrible, including the entire concluding battle.  All the deleted scenes have the feel of an eBay-purchased bootleg.  Bottom line: AOD fans will like to see the material, but this is hardly the movie's best presentation.  It's still circulating but they're not making any more of them. 3. The special edition-- probably the best DVD release of the movie to date.  The 2 disc version (which, like the director's cut, is nearing the end of its availability) is great.  It features both the watchable theatrical version and the borderline-unwatchable director's cut.  It has commentary, unlike every other release, although the commentary is only available when viewing the director's cut.  It has a making-of featurette.   The single disc version (now the primary version of AOD available) is only a slight downgrade; basically, it's the theatrical release, lookin' and soundin' fine, with the original ending as an extra, and the making of featurette also included.  (The commentary is sadly missing.) In summary: You can't go wrong with the single disc special edition or the even better double disc special edition.  Avoid the director's cut unless you already own the original DVD and just want to see all the new footage in all its grainy glory.  The original DVD is a fine purchase if you just wanna watch the movie, already.     