 I think many of the people who gave this book bad reviews have missed something.  I agree that he often overstates his points, and that his definition of what a man should be like is often very narrow.  However, there are some points that are very important that the detractors have missed. 1)  Sometimes it is necessary to have someone overstate the point a little bit to get the idea across (Jesus did this, among others).  I disagree with his comments at several points, but I think that his book is still a valuable tool for this reason. 2)  No description will fit everyone, but I think that he has covered many of the things that charactarize most men. 3)  He is combating many of the false perceptions that many people in the church hold regarding what men should be like.  For example: in discussing the book, I considered how many of the classic images of Jesus (other than on the cross) rarely show him as being very passionate in any sense.  His expression is usually bland in a gentle sort of way.  Rarely do you see him angry or laughing, though I believe he shows both emotions in scripture. 4)  I think what some have percieved as recreation is only partly that.  Eldredge believes that men often need to test their limits, and here in America there are few options other than recreation.  I agree with him, that people are often afraid to find out if they are capable. 5)  We all need to recognize where we have been hurt in our lives, and how those hurts have shaped us.  Men can often try to hide the fact that they have been hurt. 6)  I think he departs from scripture at a few points, but I would not characterize his book as "unscriptural" either.  I believe many modern theologians spend too much time quoting scripture and not enough time getting to the point.  I prefer to test what is said once they are done saying it. 7) Movies and books are a good marker of what the culture values.  Portraying the Kingdom of God as counter-cultural is an over-simplification.  Eldredge uses movies as a way to help people think about their desires.  He believes our desires have a root in God, but people seek to fulfill those desires in warped ways.  Just my thoughts on several points. Sxeptomaniac     