 But hey, nothing really is. What BIG is though, is a really, really good product, especially if you have fine, limp hair. Two things to note: LUSH products are not like other hair products. They don't contain a lot of silicone or other substances that 'cover' damage. This means that when you first start using them, you'll think you're damaging your hair, but really you're just uncovering damage that was hidden under slick, icky chemical goo. After a couple of weeks of use, you'll really see the wonderful changes.  Secondly, BIG itself is not like other shampoos. First off, the texture is /very/ different. Sort of like rice pudding if you didn't cook the rice. There's an awful lot of salt crystals suspended in the shampoo (which is why BIG has to be in a tub, not a bottle). The smell is nice, clean and citrussy herbal with the fresh wash of salt to it, it's pretty gender neutral. It's used a little differently than other shampoo's too, here are the steps I take: 1: Get hair wet.  2: Open tub and dip a finger in, curving it a little bit, to get a glob on your fingertip. I have nearly waist length hair, and this is /all/ that I need. We're talking a glob about the size of a Rolo candy.  3: While your hair is under the water, rub the glob between your hands a bit and then apply to head, starting wherever your hair tends to be oiliest/dirtiest (back of neck, around ears, right at hairline). It's really important that you apply this to hair that's as wet as possible, I find that to be the difference between a lot of lather and no lather whatsoever.  4. Once you have lather and the salt begins to dissolve, squeeze the lather down into the rest of your hair.  5: Rinse and enjoy squeaky clean, good smelling hair. I tend to use a LUSH conditioner on the ends (either Jungle or American Cream) after BIG. A store employee told me that if your hair is oily, or conditioners are too heavy for use after, it can be good to use the conditioner before, and /then/ BIG.   A note on use. My hair is oily at the top and dry near the ends. I only use BIG about once a week, with an occasional use after a heavy workout or being in a smokey environment. This is not a daily use shampoo for anyone who has even the slightest bit of dry to their hair. Think of it as more of a clarifying shampoo to use sometimes while using a more gentle daily shampoo like Reincarnate or Trichomania.     