 This book and the journal papers that preceded it launched the new era of algebraic control theory which is one of the main new trends in mathematics, engineering, and physics.  Control theory is just what is sounds like: control in the intuitive sense (usually of artificial  satellites, rockets, robots, but also manufacturing and chemical plants,  cars, physical and biological thermoregulatory systems, etc.).  The old  control theory lacked simplicity, clarity, organization, and even  inspiration, and was done by long calculations with little algebraic  time-saving or space-saving.  Bruce Francis, whom the author cites and with  whom the author collaborated earlier, began the search for time- and  space-saving methods, although his own monograph makes difficult reading.   Feintuch's book is crystal clear, organized, and time- and space-saving.   He even isolates for us his main methods: not H-infinity but nest algebras  and their operator theory framework which lead to a theory of uniform  optimal control and robustness for time-varying linear systems, Arveson's  distance formula based on operator matrices in algebra, internal stability  representing a linear system as the range of 2x1 operator matrices with  causal entries and stabilization corresponds to left causal invertibility,  the gap metric, factorizations including inner-outer, spectral, coprime.   Block matrices turn out to be very important.  Feintuch's theory is mostly  in Hilbert space rather than Banach space, although he introduces Banach  algebras and does some work in Banach space.  Hilbert space has been found  to be defective in quantum theory by A. Bohm and was "repaired"  by him by adding Hilbert and Banach lattices and rigged Hilbert spaces, but  it is becoming obvious that a new direction is needed both in quantum  theory and control theory: Banach spaces.  My own work is in this latter  area.  I could have used Feintuch's insights when I worked in satellites  for the U.S. Defense Department.  The reader unfamiliar with the  mathematics can hire a consultant or tutor to translate things into  approximate English, an endeavor well worth the time and effort.     