 It is almost impossible not to recommend a book by Professor Ferguson, and this book is no exception.  I will deviate slightly from typical book reviewers to mention a few noteworthy things common to Professor Ferguson's  books.  First of all, he writes mathematics clearly, concisely, logically,  and in an organized manner.  He is therefore an exception to the typical  mathematics researcher whose writings look like running notes from a  gauntlet runner or a gladiator running from a lion in an ancient Roman  arena.  I first learned graduate statistics from his 1966 book which I  believe is titled Decision Theory or Statistical Decision Theory, and that  book is as up to date in its information (aside from incorporating  intervening studies) as though it were written today.  Readers even outside  mathematics should demand a reprint of that book if they want to learn real  statistics.  Professor Ferguson's character (I have met him) is as honest  and open and logical as his books.  His books do involve Lebesgue  integration, as some other reviewers have mentioned, and I recommend that  even non-statisticians hire a consultant or tutor to either teach them  Lebesgue integration or to translate into approximate English or at least  elementary mathematical language what Lebesgue integration does.  I will  try to discuss it myself either in a later addition to this book review or  in another book review.  My only criticism of Ferguson's books concerns the  lack of representation of probabilistic alternatives to Bayesian methods  (which I have been developing since 1980) in which, instead of dividing  probabilities one substracts them and adds a constant.  These have the  advantage of being defined even when events have probability zero, unlike  (Bayesian) conditional probability, and probability zero events are  surprisingly common (e.g., lower dimensional events, extremely rare events  assuming continuous random variables, etc.)unlike most people's impression  - precisely because of arguments involving Lebesgue type integration.  You  can find abstracts of some of my papers on this at the Institute for Logic  of the University of Vienna (on the internet).     