 The Editor and most other reviewers have done an excellent job in reviewing this book, and here I would like to concentrate on some aspects that are important to me.  Isikoff points out that Nixon and Clinton both  hated their enemies, but that they were different in an important respect:  Nixon deep down had a suspicion that his critics might be right, but  Clinton deep down believes that his enemies are scum.  He also concludes  that Clinton is far more psychologically disturbed than the public ever  imagined, and goes into considerable evidence involving Clinton's previous  behavior with women. What I myself find unpardonable about the whole  issue is the effect that the events had on the young people of the USA.  I  was in the High Schools, the Middle Schools, the Universities, and even the  Elementary Schools as a teacher when the stories broke and the President  contradicted himself and finally admitted some of his mistakes.  (I go back  and forth between teaching mathematics and private math-physics  consulting.)  The young generation took Clinton and Lewinsky's behavior as  role models to an enormous extent.  In and out of classes, they cheered the  two of them, and the more blatant their "alleged" affair became,  the more the immoral and unethical conduct itself was cheered.  Students  did not merely support Clinton and Lewinsky.  They supported what they did,  how they did it, when they did it, why they did it, and they publicly  stated again and again that in effect they intended to do it too.  It was  no longer merely Democrat against Republican.  It was getting thrills by  cheating on your wife or husband, by having sex and thrills in public or  via public exposure, and having thrills by stepping on your subordinates  and hurting others.  This is the generation, in Southern California at  least, that is being defended by the teaching and school administration  establishment as really doing well in their grades - contrary to the  repeated evidence of testing scores compared to other states and other  countries.  I found, on the contrary, that except at the university level  there were only a handful of students interested in studying rather than  "cooling it" and abandoning their responsibilities.   I know  the argument of the Democrats, and I sympathize to some extent, but not  enough to tolerate incompetence and immorality of the type that was present  before the collapse of Ancient Rome.  The Democrats usually say: he's our  only hope for Higher Education Funding and Social Programs.  What kind of  social program is the collapse of Ancient Rome?   What kind of social  program is the Crucifixion of Christians or the incineration of Jews which  Ancient Rome in its worst days developed and handed down to its admirers  and imitators like the Nazis and Fascists?  What kind of social program  creates a young generation of monsters?    Maybe there is a poor choice  between liberal immorality and conservative unconcern.  But if we reward  and perpetuate the social program already put in place by monsters, we  become monsters.  We then agree with Marcus Aurelius that the good of Rome  is buried while the evil lives on.  Is that what we want?     