 The editors and other reviewers have done a good job on this book, and I will just make a few comments.  I've been working on quantum computers and quantum cryptography, but I'm very oriented toward how non-experts will understand books and articles.  I don't think that there is any clearer book on quantum computers than Julian Brown's, but I agree with some of the others that it will still be hard to come away with a feeling of understanding some basic ideas of the subjects.  This book is, however, excellent for the fascinating history of discovery and invention, which Brown excels at revealing.  Just as you don't have to know much about law to enjoy biographies of politicians, you'll probably enjoy Brown's book very much if you don't expect too much from it.  It's also a good opportunity for parents to teach children (and vice versa!) to love learning and knowledge, because if you tolerate and even not get upset at a certain level of ambiguity, you just might be tempted to read a few sections over a few times and then start looking on the internet or in the libraries for more details.  Scientific American can help you to get more details on some of the things that you don't understand, and I wouldn't be surprised if one of these days a clearer book on the technicalities will also come out - in which case it will help you to be ahead of the game by reading as much as you can of this book.   Research in the physical/mathematical sciences which is in the very new stages tends to be difficult to write up.  Quantum computers and cryptography are about as new as research gets.  The best creative geniuses probably are capable right now of writing up their ideas in English in such a way that most people would understand them if they try, but they're sort of in the position of a fireman who has to keep putting out fires rather than write his autobiography.  The autobiographies and the clarifications will come later.  One thing that you can do is to try to puzzle out who the most creative geniuses are from the book.  There usually are only relative few in science/mathematics.  Most scientists tend to be Ingenious Followers, just moving one step ahead of the last scientist.  The Creative Geniuses jump many steps ahead, and they usually do it often.  I'll give you a clue - one of the latter is David Deutsch of Oxford University's Clarendon Laboratory.  Generally speaking, Great Britain and France and Belgium and the words Creative Genius in Physics/Math/Computers go together.  I'm going to let you find the clues for the other Creative Geniuses for yourselves, except to mention for example that some of it has to do with Rolf Landauer of IBM's Thomas J. Watson Research Center, who passed away in 1999 just before the book was written.  You might also be surprised to find that Professor Richard Feynman of Caltech borrowed somebody else's ideas (at least John von Neumann gave people credit when he did that) - Paul Benioff's of Argonne National Labs in Illinois.  Look those people up on the internet and in books and journals.  Also, look up entanglement and interference in the book's index and read all the pages about them in the book - the easiest ones first perhaps.  I'll just leave you with a thought (I may give some more clarifications another time).  Quantum entangled people will behave exactly the same even if they are in different galaxies.  It's like the *psychic twins*.  If that isn't enough to turn one toward a career in science/math, I don't know what is.     