 The editorial and other reviews up to now are very good, and here I want to concentrate on some different aspects.  Megginson of the University of Michigan tells the reader that he is preparing the reader for the papers of  Lindenstrauss and others.  Benyamini and Lindenstrauss have just published  a book, via the American Mathematical Society (AMS), Geometric Nonlinear  Functional Analysis (2000), which ties in with my work on logic-based  probability (LBP) - see abstracts of my papers on the internet at the  Institute for Logic of the University of Vienna.  I have also described  some aspects of functional analysis and semigroups in my other reviews at  Amazon.com.  Economists and mathematicians are not the only ones who can  benefit from this book and the Benyamini-Lindenstrauss book.  Anybody  interested in speed, acceleration, volume, area, etc., will find the  deepest level of analysis being currently explored by functional analysts  in Banach Spaces.  For the non-specialist, whom I am very interested in  addressing, you could think of a Banach space as a space where the objects  are speeds, accelerations, volumes, areas, etc., instead of points.  One of  the astonishing results is that very rare events, events which are  contained in other events, boundary events, and lower dimensional events  turn out to have critical importance on speeds, accelerations, volumes,  areas, etc.  The detective story of how this comes about requires knowing  the literature on Banach Spaces, and since almost everybody has some  contact with speeds, accelerations, volumes, areas, and so on, this means  that the non-specialist should hire a consultant or tutor to either  translate the material into approximately ordinary English or at least the  level of elementary algebra and geometry or to explain the material step by  step using a combination of mathematics and English ingenuity.  Benyamini  and Lindenstrauss, by the way, represent the rapidly oncoming Israeli  school of mathematics, and it is interesting that the former British  colonies or protectorates (USA, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Israel)and  Great Britain are carrying on much of the research in this area which  really started with the speed-acceleration research of Sir Isaac Newton in  Great Britain hundreds of years ago.  As for the specialist in this area,  this (Megginson) is an up to date compilation for graduate students in  mathematics, but is also an excellent reference work for Banach Spaces  including various integral and derivative spaces and counterexamples and  the interesting topics of rotundity, smoothness, weak topology, and nets.     