 Rauch of U. Michigan and Simon of Caltech edit this volume for the IMA (Institute for Mathematics and its Applications, University of Minnesota).  It deserves 5 stars for the depth and complexity and importance for physics  applications, but not for simplicity or even ability to communicate with  the public.  For the latter two things, the reader should hire a reputable  consultant or tutor to translate.  IMA is published by Springer, which is  usually noted for its clarity, simplicity, and ability to translate for  non-specialists.  However, IMA and a few other institutes and even  publishing companies direct themselves solely to specialists and to  industrial applications and to very recent results that have not yet been  translated even for most other theoreticians.  It will be necessary to  split this book review into several  parts (hopefully) in order to give  some flavor of the book.  Here a few definitions and directions will be  indicated.  We are talking quantum mechanics for very small Planck's  constant, h, in which case classical physics plays a key role.  When h is  very small, quantum mechanical objects become unusually big, which is  another way of looking at this book.  The large Z limit of atomic  Hamiltonians (think of the Hamiltonian as an energy operator) is the area  of current research, together with Weyl asymptotics.  The latter refers to  the classical results of Weyl, one of the greatest algebraic theorists of  all time, that some very important things become determined by volumes in  this region (technically, eigenvalue distributions of elliptic operators on  compact manifolds become more and more determined by volume, which will  hopefully be clarified later).  In this "twilight zone" region,  we are dealing with heavy molecules in strong magnetic fields, gaps in the  (essential) spectrum where semiconductors and insulators have impurities  that create new energy levels and thus affect conduction, color, and so on.   The results are also applicable to linear wave equations whose initial  data are very oscillatory and whose solutions involve geometric optics rays  which are solutions of ordinary differential equations  (rate/speed/acceleration type equations ) even though the original problem  involves partial differential equations (rate equations with multiple  variables all of which except one are held fixed or constant).     