 To understand Stephen Hawking's books, it helps to know what translating from quantitative to verbal language and back does for Creative Geniuses and what it can do for most people.  It awakes and stimulates associations in the brain or mind to vast worlds of knowledge of both quantitative and verbal type, and this results in new ideas and new combinations of ideas.  Start with an open mind and tolerance and with the understanding that Creative Geniuses tend to be more concerned with the Spirit of the Law than with the Letter of the Law.  Try to look into the Spirit of what Hawking writes.  If there are words that confuse you, write them down and look up their definitions - the internet is an excellent place to search for definitions.  Make flash cards and alphabetize them by the first letter or first two letters of the definition, thus organizing the words and enabling you to find words about the same topic rapidly.  Don't just make index cards on one side - put about one or two lines of ordinary handwriting or typing on front and about one or two lines on the back, so that you have to guess the second half of the definition or theory or theorem or axiom or example from looking at the first half.  When you've done that, think about this.  People don't become parents only in order to help their children.  They also become parents to help themselves out of loneliness, to learn more about the world.  You'll find that out if you become a parent.  Stephen Hawking writes not just because it inspires you the reader, but because it inspires him to translate from mathematics and physics into English.  It's not always a perfect translation.  But you'll find that Hawking always chooses the latest topics in physics, because his popular books are a way of continuing his research which constitutes his Way of Life.  If you just concentrate on the word *brane* or *p-brane* in the index of his book, and look that up on the internet and try to understand as much as you can about it in Hawking, you'll be close to one of the latest and most important fields of research in all of science.  The secret is not in Hawking's pictures, but in Knowledge.  If you think Knowledge is difficult, try Ignorance - it just leads to anger and violence.     