 I think one of the characteristics of mystery fans, besides a love of puzzle solving, is a genuine interest in other people, cultures, societies, worlds, etc. Why else would the mystery genre be so popular? We don't read mysteries simply to solve crimes; we read to meet new people, explore new places, and experience the unknown. Deborah Morgan's new "Antique Lover's" series is a shining example of what the mystery genre has to offer. Her sleuth, Jeff Talbot, is a "picker," someone who patrols garage and estate sales, looking for bargain antiques to sell to antique dealers. Talbot's enthusiasm for his job, his delight in discovering a hidden treasure in someone's attic, is tempered by the dog-eat-dog nature of the business. His chief rival is Frank Hamilton, a hot-tempered picker with a bullying nature and a lack of scruples. A run-in with Hamilton is enough to spoil Talbot's entire day. When Hamilton turns up dead at an auction in Michigan, an auction that Talbot is also attending, Talbot fears he is the chief suspect. But as a former FBI agent, he is in the position to call in some favors and do some sleuthing of his own. In the intimate world of antique collectors, Talbot soon discovers that Hamilton had many enemies and conspirators with both motive and opportunity. Can Talbot catch the murderer AND obtain the prize antique tea set that is the auction's focal point? I found this mystery to be thoroughly enjoyable, like stepping into a foreign world where everything is unfamiliar and fascinating. Talbot leads a truly unusual life, living in a mansion filled with antiques, employing a butler to keep things running smoothly, and living with a wife whose agoraphobia keeps her confined to the house (and prevents her from traveling with Jeff). Setting the auction on Mackinac Island in Michigan is an additional stroke of genius and lets the author take the reader into yet another world, where cars are prohibited and jackets required after 6 p.m. The mystery itself is engaging, although the denouement involves many sudden revelations (this is a pet peeve of mine since it prohibits the reader from solving the mystery herself). The setting is undoubtedly the central delight of this book, but it is so compelling that it compensates for the slight weakness of plot. I eagerly await the next installment.     