 Miss Magdalena Yoder is the innkeeper of the chi chi PennDutch Inn in southern Pennsylvania. Here you pay through the nose for the spartan furnishings, simple food, and the privilege of cleaning your own room. It's all in the name of atmosphere-the 43-year-old Miss Yoder is a Mennonite, and her farm (the legacy left by her parents' sudden death 10 years ago) is now an inn with the longest waiting list in the state. With a client list that reads like People magazine, Magdalena has her hands full keeping the inn running smoothly. Her sister Susannah is too busy staying out late and (gasp!) putting on makeup to be of much help, and Magdalena's cantankerous cook is prone to quitting every day or so. When an ambitious congressman comes to the inn for the start of deer hunting season, followed by a group of animal rights protestors, Magdalena thinks she might be in over her head. But it's not until a body turns up that she realizes just how out of hand things can get. With the reputation of her inn at stake, Magdalena sets out to find a killer. Magdalena is a wonderful character. She's irreverent at the same time she is true to her Mennonite upbringing. Her shock at her sister's behavior (and the behavior of the English) is truly reflective of this different culture. At the same time, she yearns to travel, she's not too pious to sneak a peak at the television every now and then, and she's been known to let slip a rude remark when provoked. Better yet, Myers is a fun and savvy writer, someone to read closely. Look for her description of "Tammy Myers," the chief of police's wife. There's also a character named Dorothy Gillman, and a reference to Poe's "The Purloined Letter," which is also the name of the newsletter for the High Crimes Mystery Bookshop in Boulder, Colorado. I'm sure a close reader will discover more treats for the avid mystery fan. But best of all, read closely and you will enjoy Myers' subtle sense of humor as much as her overt one. The Amish Lifestyle Plan Option is abbreviated ALPO. One character belongs to the New Age Church of Holistic Oneness (NACHO), and the animal rights group is the Animal Parity Endowment Society (APES). My only complaint is that the resolution to the mystery is a bit weak-the reader is never provided all the clues that help to solve the case, and things wrap up a bit too quickly. Still, Miss Yoder is a wonderful addition to the world of amateur sleuths, and the book even comes with recipes. Who could ask for more?     