 Imagine a world where even the slightest hint of scandal can ruin a woman's chance for marriage, where having one's name in the newspaper is tantamount to social ruin, and where one is considered a "spinster" by the age of 35. Enter the world of the Boston Brahmin, the gentry that comprise Boston's high society, the "old money" whose connections and ancestry define their social status. Addington and Caroline Ames, brother and sister, are members of this class and subject to its rules and dictates. When their young cousin, Valentine Thorne, is threatened with blackmail by the unscrupulous Colonel Mann (a publisher whose gossip sheet reveals the secrets of those who refuse to meet his blackmail demands), Addington goes to confront the Colonel, only to find him dead. Unfortunately, the packet of letters that were used to blackmail Valentine are also missing, so Addington and Caroline set out to find the letters and perhaps, along the way, a killer. This is a wonderful mystery, rich in detail and atmosphere. The book is subtitled, "A Beacon Hill Mystery" (as opposed to, for example, "An Addington Ames Mystery"). This is no accident, for the story is told from varying viewpoints, allowing the reader to experience the full range of Boston society. Addington and Caroline, both members of the upper class, nevertheless are consigned to strict gender roles and societal expectations. Their boarder, Dr. MacKenzie, is a stranger to Boston's rigid caste system-through him we experience Boston as a newcomer. Valentine, much younger than her Ames cousins, is of a marriable age and more susceptible to the threat of scandal. Each of these characters is fully developed, with their own separate concerns, motives, and relationships between and amongst each other. The mystery plot is complex and executed well (although it does seem that everyone in Boston has a scandal to hide). There are many characters to track, but the author does a good job of reminding the reader who everybody is and how they fit in with one another. The next in this series is "Murder at Bertram's Bower."     