 I liked this book a lot more than its prequel, "Larger Than Death," and I'm hopeful that the next title will be even better. Jo Fuller, the plus-sized heroine, has all the makings of a wonderful series sleuth, but her potential is not yet realized in this over plotted yet under-developed mystery. Still reeling from the unexpected death of her best friend, Jo returns to work investigating and recommending grant recipients for her wealthy employer, Alicia Madrone. This time, however, Mrs. Madrone asks Jo to investigate the estranged daughter of an old family friend, Sally Rhymer. Sally is fearful that her daughter has fallen in with people who will take advantage of her (a "new age" group that provides grief counseling). Jo's investigation becomes complicated when Sally's ex-husband, the Admiral, is kidnapped. A lot goes on in this book, and most of it holds together pretty well. A side plot involving a previous employee of Mrs. Madrone's is simply extraneous. The main problem is that the vast majority of the characters are under-developed stereotypes that border on campy. Mrs. Madrone is aged, eccentric, and in a wheelchair. Her devoted servant Ambrose is fastidious, red-haired, and gay. All the military characters (and there's a lot of them; the story is set in San Diego) are dangerous or sexist (or both). There's a foreign, lesbian artist habitually panting in her lover's ear. Even Jo, although confident and witty, seems sketchily drawn. Murray inadvertently makes Jo's weight her defining characteristic, even though the character herself would hate to be so defined. Two things kept me from enjoying this book more. (1) As in the previous novel, Jo remains romantically involved with her dead best friend's lover (granted, he seems pretty conflicted about this). I think the point of their relationship is supposed to be that large people can be overtly sexual, but I find the relationship to be off-putting. The friend has been dead only one month. (2) Murray is unnecessarily disdainful of the "new age" group without providing sufficient cause. San Diego abounds with such groups, and it misrepresents the city to make them seem sneaky and shady for no good reason (i.e., a reason that has to do with the plot of the book). Nevertheless, I enjoy reading mystery authors who are learning their craft and getting better all the time, as is Lynne Murray. I look forward to the next entry in this series.     