 Seeing that other reviewers of this book enjoyed it so much more than I did gave me pause (although it hasn't effected my rating). I will add this caveat to my review: I read this book over several weeks and was unable, due to my work schedule, to read more than a chapter at a time. This is not how I prefer to read. That having been said, I did not care for this book, and I had greatly enjoyed the first one, "Dead Cat Bounce." (The next in this series is "Wicked Fix.") Everything that was charming in the first book seemed trite and overdone in this one. Retired Wall Street finance wizard Jacobia Tiptree and her son, Sam, are outsiders in the seacoast village of Eastport, Maine, but they have made their home there and settled into the community. When a local ne'er-do-well is found murdered, Jacobia and her best friend Ellie investigate. I found very little to be believable in this book; nothing rang true. The "ghost" in Jacobia's house keeps moving a spoon around--Jacobia finds this profoundly meaningful, and I found it distracting. Jacobia's ex-husband has apparently engaged in borderline psychotic behavior in the past (faking heart attacks, mailing dead things to people, etc.), but this is described as typical ex-husband behavior, and Jacobia has no fears for her own safety or her son's. Although Ellie is Jacobia's closest friend, we never get any insight into her personality or actions. She is simply a typical (stereotypical) reserved native of Maine--this is supposed to be sufficient to explain all her actions. The descriptions of life in Eastport eventually overshadow the plot of the book, and the reader is treated to long passages describing shops and houses and people that have nothing to do with the plot. Evoking a nice sense of setting is one thing; writing a travelogue is another. But most of all, I found the resolution to the mystery to be convoluted and poorly depicted. Despite an action-packed chase scene involving boats, the majority of the denoument occurs verbally, as everything "suddenly falls into place" and Jacobia and Ellie blurt out the solution to every little inconsistency that has occurred in the town over the past several weeks. "And then this happened...and then this happened...and then this happened..." The reader is inundated with sudden resolutions. There is no sense of "fair play" whereby the reader might have solved the crime for him- or herself beforehand. Still, I enjoy this character (although I wish her ex-husband would disappear from the series), her son, and the setting, and I hope to enjoy the next book in this series as much as I enjoyed the previous.     