 I think that "The Association" was one of Bentley Little's most exciting and interesting novels yet. I also feel that "The Association" was one of the most bizzare novels of Little's too. Most people who live in gated communities are hard-working, affluent individuals who can afford the luxury of having a security gate or a sturdy cement wall surrounding their community. These people live in places like this because they feel safe and happy, right? Well, not exactly.       Enter horror novelist, Barry and his wife, Maureen. They decided to move to escape the crowded and bustling way of life of Los Angeles and move to a little mountain town about one hundred miles away from Salt Lake City. When Barry & Maureen see this nice house with a great view, in the pristine mountains, they are immediately in love with it. It is located in the Bonita Vista (Pretty View) Association. They get the house for an EXTREMELY good price and they move right in with help from their friends from LA. They also get a large book named "The Bonita Vista CC & R's." Things start out real nice and friendly until they find a dead cat in their mailbox. Next comes the pink slips from the association warning them that there can be no plants planted without approvement from the association and no yard sales permitted at all. Soon after, a notice arrives along with fines saying there are no pets allowed, no bringing in of friends from outside Bonita Vista, no family pictures displayed around the house, no couples that are not married can live together, no cooking of Asian foods, no working out of your home, and other ridiculous rules that would drive a person right out of this psychotic place. Barry and Maureen vow not to let this push them out of their house. They try and get information from neighbors, but the majority of the neighbors are lunatics who like this dictatorship way of living. They can not be trusted. Barry decides to call the police but is shocked to realize from the neighbors that the police do not have jurisdiction in the homeowners associations. They have their own sheriff, SHERIFF HITMAN. (Interesting name, huh?). As time moves on, Barry and Maureen notice that their sane neighbors who had problems with the association start dying horrible deaths. Barry vows to hunt down the leaders of the association and terminate this freaks. This novels just keeps on going and going with bizarre confrontations and messages. The ending is the only thing I didn't like about this novel. I felt it was a little odd with the inside of the house turning into a coliseum and the quick ending. In my opinion, Bentley Little is not just the master of horror, HE IS ONE OF THE MASTERS OF PSYCHOLOGICAL SUSPENSE!     