 After Patricia Cornwell's disaster of a novel in "Black Notice," I was quite skeptical and queasy about reading "The Last Precinct," but I felt that urge to read it. I am very glad that I did. This book is so much better than "Black Notice." The summary on Amazon.com and Patricia Cornwell's website says that the book goes on about a hundred year murder mystery case, and Kay Scarpetta is investigating it. That is not true. This book takes place about five days later from where "Black Notice" left off at. Eighty percent of this novel is about the preparation for the trial that is coming up over the serial killer and attacker of Dr. Kay Scarpetta, Jean-Baptiste Chandonne, who was captured at the end of "Black Notice." Chandonne makes up an incredibly absurd story, saying that he was framed for all the murders that he did by the government, CIA, FBI, and other branches. He makes it sound like he is a pawn in a chess game. He says that the government is just using him to get to his powerful drug infested family in Paris, France. He says that Kay Scarpetta is part of the conspiracy and says that he was just trying to talk to Kay at her house and SHE ATTACKED HIM! Unfortunately, many reporters and government officials believe this nutcase and Kay Scarpetta is going to go on trial for the murder of Diane Bray, one of the victims of Chardonne's killing spree. Kay Scarpetta, along with slob and drunken faced cop, Pete Marino, and with Kay's lesbian niece Lucy (whom I detest greatly), must try and prove Kay's innocence. While they are doing that, they all discover that some of Kay's closest colleagues and acquaintences are involved with Jean-Baptiste Chandonne and his powerful family, who are drug dealers and gun dealers. Kay and the slob (Marino) must bring down these people to get to the truth of the matter. Unfortunately, Dr. Kay discovers that Benton Wesley, her old lover who died in "Point of Origin" may not have died by the hands of Carrie Grethen, who the police and Kay both thought killed Benton. Finally when Kay puts all the pieces together, she discovers that she needs to bring down the whole Chandonne and find out who the true killer of Benton Wesley is before she is found guilty and rots in a prison cell. In the middle of the novel, Lucy and her lover, Tiel ask Kay if she wants to join them with their new organization, called THE LAST PRECINCT, a new independent crime fighting organization. Will Dr. Kay Scarpetta quit her job as a medical examiner of Virgina? Will she be going to prison for the rest of her life? Who really killed Benton Wesley? The answer to all these questions and more are all revealed in one of Patricia Cornwell's best novels, "THE LAST PRECINCT!     