 Well, well, well is that right? Another Sandra Brown novel? The lady only writes about 5 novels a year? Have you ever heard of anyone who can write  that fast and have all of her novels be exploding blockbusters? One name:  Sandra Brown, the romance and now the MYSTERY queen of the year! I only  read mystery, romance is not appealing to me since I'm a guy. I recently  read Fat Tuesday, Unspeakable, The Alibi, and Standoff, (the remainder of  her mystery novels), and loved each one of them. Well on August 29, I went  out and bought THE SWITCH!  I thought that this novel couldn't be better  than her other ones. Well, I was sooo wrong. The Switch was everything I  could want in a novel.       Melina and Gillian Lloyd are two identical  twins. One a real estate agent and one a personal assistance. They are very  different. Gillian wanted to to have a child but her lover, Jem, had had a  vasectomy, thus making him not able to have a child with Jillian. So  Jillian went to a clinic and decided to have artifical insemination. Well  it turns out that there have been many women across the world who have had  the same thing done with them. But what many of these women don't know is  that there is a very powerful religious person who feels that he should be  the God or Hitler of the world. He believes that if he SWITCHES a donor's  sperm with his sperm than he will be the father of the next generation. He  and his assistants will kill anyone in their way including Gillian Lloyd.  The reason Gillian is murdered, (I am not giving any secrets away, all this  can be read on the flap of the book) is because she recently had sexual  intercourse with a man shortly after the artifical insemination process,  which screws up the possible chance of the "religious person" to  have his child. So it is up to Melina Lloyd to find out who killed her  sister and to bring down a very powerful group along with the help of the  FBI and the local police. This is Sandra Brown at her best, which I have to  say about all her novels, because she is always at her best! Can't wait for  her next novel!     