 I hope "The Devil's Code" is John Sandford's last Non-Prey novel because it just doesn't compare to Easy Prey and the other Prey's. "The Devil's Code's" plot is so much different than the Prey series that it is hard to enjoy it. I did not like the characters at all in this novel. One of the main characters is a professional criminal and the other one (his girlfriend) is a cocaine addict, AND THEY'RE SUPPOSED TO BE THE GOOD GUYS. The plot is quite interesting but confusing in some parts. The plot: Clipper II is a software program created by AmMath Industries, that the U.S. Government wants so intelligent hackers can not hack in to the United States's private and confidential files. The leader of AmMath, St. John Corbeil, is not a good man. He is using the millions of dollars provided to him by the US to create and run Clipper II for satellite spying activities. He then takes pictures of certain activities going on in those countries and uses them to his advantage. This is highly illegal and only Corbeil and his two goons, Hart and Benson, know about it. In order for the government not to find out about their illegal practices, Corbeil and his men create "FIREWALL," a fake group of hackers that are creating havoc on other govermenent organizations and the IRS. The government thinks that they are hackers doing the damage and they go off looking for them, but the truth is that it is Corbeil just creating a distration to throw off the NSA. Jack Morrison, a computer genius and Kidd (the main character's old friend), is hired to work on a separate computer for AmMath. Morrison and his partner, Lighter, are both killed because they end up uncovering what AmMath is doing. Lane Ward, Morrison's brother, Kidd and his girlfriend LuEllen, aka Mrs. Cocaine, are on the hunt to try and stop Corbeil and discovering how to bring his evil plan down and out of the open before more lives are destroyed. If you are a fan of LUCAS DAVENPORT, and don't like computer/hacker murder mysteries, then I can almost guarantee you that you will not like this novel. It is quite interesting (especially if you work for a computer company), but if don't like these kinds of novels then... wait for CHOSEN PREY to come out in MAY 2001.     