 I have loved the Young Wizard series since the first one.  The first one grabbed me with its vision and breadth in the same way that the first Harry Potter book did.  I often recommend the series to people who love Harry Potter, and are looking for something to fill the gap waiting for the next book.  Duane's wizard world background is deeper and richer that that of Potter, and the story telling is more sophisticated in some ways.  Yet she doesn't quite hit some of the things that have made Potter so popular - my own opinion, which I rarely see anyone else express, is that the Potter books are actually fairly good mysteries.  The  Potter books combine the schoolboy charm of Kipling's *Stalkey & Co.* stories with Boys' Own Adventures and Hardy Boys mysteries.  Duane goes a bit more for straight plot suspense/action.  One of the deep elements Duane has is a vision and concept of the universe, and the need to slow entropy, that is used in various ways in many of her works, not just the Young Wizards.  But the bottom line is, as much as I like Harry Potter, I would rather that the Young Wizards universe turned out to be the one we actually live in. Given that background, how do I feel that this book compares?  The concept is there but I have some reservations. Whereas in the the last book, her characters journeyed into multiple universes, only to wind up within the universe of a single body - in this book, even though Duane's characters play around in different universes, they are ultimately the created universes of a single mind.  As another reviewer says, this book explores the characters of Kit and Nita more deeply.  This makes sense as well - they are growing older, and they themselves have developed more.  There is more maturity in their actions, even though they are still learning.  They have lost a little bit of their own innocence, but gained strength; and their efforts are again trying to protect our own universe.  The Lone Power shows up, as usual - but he seems oddly limited compared to the Star-Snuffing threat he has been in the past.  Is he already changing?  or... well, as I titled this review- mixed feelings - good but not perfect.  The plot of this book is interesting as usual, and explores the concept of autism and how austistic children see themselves and the world around them - or refuse to see it.  Duane's own nursing background shows up a bit in the explanations and in the character of Kit's mother.  Yet the whole book leaves me mildly unsatisfied compared to the others.  For one thing, all the previous books have ended with a sacrifice, and a feeling of sadness, countered by the feeling that something good has been bought by that suffering.  This one feels more like the Lone Power has simply been outwitted by a clever trick; and the sadness in the book is left over from the previous one, rather than arousing your sympathy from a new sacrifice.  Overall I had a feeling of 'rush' - as if this book should have gone through another rewrite, and more development before it was released.  Usually the trick in writing is to reduce things that have too much in them  - this book feels like it needs to be the 'director's edition', not the 'released edition'.  It is STILL very good on its own - yet that 'hasty' feeling, and sense of being somewhat underdeveloped, is what drives my rating. Another thing Duane does is include subtle references in her books.  I suspect that the counsellor that Nita is seeing to help  her through her grief, is such a reference.  But I seemed to find fewer such references in this book - again, giving a feeling of incompleteness.  She has great skill in interweaving them, and they are rarely so obvious as in the last book - yet the details  they have added in the other books are missing in this one, also contributing to it seeming more sparse and less complete. It also struck me that the special characteristics of Darryl, the autistic new wizard on Ordeal, reminded me of something.... and  I scarcely had to dig around in my memory to identify what.  It almost seems as if this story is meant as a conceptual reply to Ursula K. LeGuin's short story "The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas".  Perhaps Duane did not do that consciously - but the comparison immediately leaped to mind.  It would be interesting to pair that story and this novel as assigned reading, and ask a class to write an essay. The bottom line is that this book is clearly a part of the series -but I feel it is the least satisfying.  It is clear that she has more to say - there is foreshadowing of more development to come with Kit's dog Ponch -and I look forward to seeing the next volume - but I say "don't rush it".  This very worthwhile series deserves her full attention and development - and deserves greater popularity and advertising too, publisher!  And we DO want more.     