 When we read this book we thought great, just another Java Server Pages (JSP) book, like all the others. However, this is one quite different. It is actually very good and covers the subject of JSP in a lot of depth. Chapters 1 and 2 introduce you to JSP with your first JSP examples. The different JSP Tags are covered in chapter 3. Chapter 4 covers Implicit Object and JSP Actions. JSP components are covered in chapters 5 and 6. JSP and Databases in chapter 7. This presents using JSP with JDBC. We like the 'Architecting JSP' applications chapter the best (8). This also covers Servlets and EJBs. This is really an introduction to architecting J2EE server side projects. You will need an EJB book to go with this. We would like to see more about using server side Design Patterns. (The 'Command Pattern' is used as a good example.) Chapter 9 presents an example JSP project (FAQ list application). For someone who already understands JSP, this chapter is worth reading. It discusses the application decisions in detail and covers a complete FAQ application. Chapter 10 is dedicated to explaining how to use WAR files. This is an important part of deploying a JSP application and goes into sufficient detail. Chapter 11 covers useful JSP coding snippets that the reader/developer would find useful. Many of these are examples of how to use the implicit objects and are interesting to read. Chapter 12 has some cool examples that can be used on your own projects: Rotating banner ads, random quotes, tell a friend, Accessing Whois database, Generating index files, viewing raw JSP. The last two chapters deal with Creating Custom Tags. This coverage is very good and goes into detail explaining some advanced techniques. This book does an excellent job of explaining JSP and giving lots of source code examples. It is well written and does not overload the reader with endless pages of source code printouts.  We would recommend this as one of the best books for beginner and intermediate JSP developers. If you are getting into JSP, buy this book, you won't be disappointed!     