 After reading the other Java books from Manning, we are hoping they will continue the trend of producing good technically focused books that are less bulky than the 1000 page tomes.  This is actually a study guide for the Sun Certified Web Component Developer (SCWCD) Exam. The authors re-iterate that this is a study guide so it will not cover all the topics that advanced JSP/ Servlet developers require. Ok, say for example you have passed the Java Programmer exam (SCJP) and now ready for another challenge. Even in the preface, the authors are giving useful information about resource you will require to pass this exam.  Chapter 1 presents the servlet container and a simple Hello World servlet. The authors make good use of diagrams and source code snippets. Chapter 2 covers the basics of JSP with a Hello User JSP example. Page 19 contains a good reference table that shows the JSP syntax elements, with the the exam objects next to each element and the book section number. Chapter 3 concludes the first section of the book with an introduction to HTTP. Developers getting ready to take the exam may think that this is all very basic stuff and not enough to pass the exam. Well they will be pleased because the next section adds the necessary acceleration. From chapter 4 to 10, the topics presented include the servlet model (and lifecycle), deployment (web.xml and war files), Servlet Context,Server-side exceptions, Session Management, security and thread-safety. Each chapter starts with the exam objectives and ends with a set of review questions in a similar style as the exam.  The third section is about JSP (chapters 11-16). They cover JSP directives, scriplets, comments and all the other fundametals. After the fundamentals, Javabeans and Tag libraries are discussed.  In the last section, the authors introduce design patterns (MVC, DAO, Front controller and business delegate) and filters (not in the exam).  In the Appendix, the end of chapter review questions are answered and explained.  The authors have done a great job at covering all the topics without dwelling too much on any one topic. Even if you are not going to take the exam, this book will help you understand many intermediate topics in a concise manner. This is another excellent Manning book.     