 This book is aim at Java developers wishing to learn the fundamentals of Enterprise Javabeans.  Knowledge of Java and JDBC is assumed. If you ask to any EJB developer which are the best books about EJB, many will respond with two;  Mastering EJB (Ed Roman) and this one. Mastering EJB also covered JDBC, RMI and other topics.  The 1st and 2nd editions of Enterprise Javabeans (Richard Monson-Haefel, Orielly) focus specifically on  understanding and using EJB. Both are very good and worth reading. The book is made up of 17 chapters, covering the all basics, intermediate topics and some advanced. The first chapter introduces distributed object architectures and component models.  This chapter gives the reader an understanding of RMI and CORBA, the technologies that EJB was originally built on. Chapters 2 and 3 present the EJB architecture and the main services provided by the architecture.  These chapters are very important to read  because they cover essentially what is an EJB,  the advantages of EJB and a few differences between EJB 1.1 and EJB 2.0. If you have read either of the previous two editions, you will like the EJB 2.0 specifics  (e.g. Message Driven Beans) introduced in these chapters. A TravelAgent EJB is used as an example through out chapters 2 and 3.  Chapter 4 gives the reader their first introduction to EJB source code.  We recommend you download the workbook and source code examples (...) Currently only Web Logic 6.1 and Web Sphere 4.0 versions are available.  Chapter 5 present Session and Entity beans with a quick overview of JNDI and Java RMI-IIOP.  The chapter focuses on the Remote and Local (EJB 2.0) client APIs.  The author also shows how to redesign an EJB to use a Local Interface instead of a Remote interface.  What we really like are the code snippets used to demonstrate the theory.  Chapters 6 and 7 go into detail about Entity Beans (CMP 2.0).  Chapter 8 covers EJB QL, similar to SQL but designed to work with the abstract persistence schema of EJB 2.0 Entity Beans.  Again, there are lots of code examples and helpful class diagrams.  Chapter 9 provides a useful guide to differences between CMP in EJB 1.1 and EJB 2.0.  Chapter 10 and 11 describe BMP and Entity-Container contracts (primary key class).  These are explained quite clearly considering these are not simple topics.  Chapter 12 focuses on explaining Stateless and Stateful Session Beans. Chapter 13 presents Message-Driven Beans. After an overview of JMS, a ReservationProcessor EJB is described.  This chapter shows sending messages between client and message bean.  Chapter 14 covers transactions with some example EJB code. In chapter 15, the author gives some design strategies that should be followed.  These include passing objects by value and implementing a common interface.  Chapter 16 is all about XML deployment descriptors. The last chapter (17) gives an idea of what to expect in future releases. There has been alot added to this book since the previous editions. We recommend this book to all developers that would like to learn about EJB step by step. It would have been nice to have more EJB Design Patterns, however, there is enough in this book to keep most developers happy. Go buy it now!     