 This book meets a need that many other books have not really fulfilled. There has been a need for a comprehensive guide that bridges the theoretical world of modelling and the practical aspects of delivering a solution.  Whilst explaining how the process of analysis and design for object-oriented projects can be carried out in the Unified Process lifecycle, the authors focus on real world deliverables. The book introduces the Unified Modelling Language (UML) and the Unified Process (UP) and typically follow the phases from requirements to deployment explaining all the models and activities necessary in each key step.  The authors and publishers have produced a book that is highly readable and extremely well organised. Arlow and Neustadt tell us that there are four ways to access the information in the book:  Fast Track Reference Revision Dipping Certainly, each of these four ways lives up to the promise. Each chapter has a 'What we have learned' summary at the end. Here you get a distilled reminder of the contents of the chapter, excellent for looking at weeks later.  There are plenty of diagrams and examples and each chapter is broken into smaller digestable chunks. The main sections of the book are :  Introducing UML and UP Requirements Analysis Design Implementation The sections actually cover the lifecycle you would follow of your software project and every chapter has a graphical roadmap at the start, depicted as an activity diagram. The Analysis and Design sections are the largest, as you would expect and are full of practical techniques that you can use.  Having personally wrestled with the RUP and tried to take the essential points, we would recommend this book for anyone beginning to get to grips with this subject. This may be the only book you need to understand UML and UP from a practical point of view. The book covers all the essential details in a concise way without being shallow. Jim Arlow and Ila Neustadt should be commended for authoring one of the most readable and usable texts on this complex subject. Buy this book!     