 This book is a revelation, but not the sort you might wish for. Roethke's poetry has always struck me as vaguely unsavory. It's not overwritten, grey, clumsy, sententious or sentimental; it is merely unremarkable and I am left only with an impression of the author's sense of superiority, and his distance from the reader, and more surprisingly, from his own work. What this book reveals is one possible reason for my distaste: Roethke is a pompous git.    The discriminating review reader recognizes this is all rot, impressionistic nonsense, jealousy etc. but what can we conclude from a man responsible for such measured yet meaningful proclamations as: "It's not that many Americans can't think: they just don't want to."; "Therefore I shall get on with the daily business of revelation." and "That's the horrible thing about being a genius. Everything's so obvious."      I have not committed the unpardonable sin of removing small pieces of text from a context in order to support a slapdash critique. Roethke's done that for me. There are three or four whole chapters composed in just this manner. Disconnected comments selected only for one or another Roethkian turn of phrase, but otherwise amputated from a subject; carefully composed insults that refer to no one in particular, but which he was apparently eager to save for just the right moment; moanings and groanings about the state of the world, the trials of the genius...blah, blah.    The telling fact is that these were selected from his personal notebooks-apparently by himself. He appears to have devoted considerable time and effort to preparing disparaging one-liners, grandiose statements of purpose and pale jokes for the classroom. I consider it reasonable to expect that a 'great' poet would have more in the way of great poetry to offer than any number of carefully rehearsed bon mots; and if this is the sort of thing he considers worthy of display ("Mother of God, I just invented a few sayings out of me head. Is that wicked?") I fear for what the remainder of his notebooks might contain. The best lesson an aspiring poet might learn from this book is not to listen too closely to one's teachers. Go and read Mary Oliver's very excellent book instead.     