 I awaited the theatrical release of this film with great anxiety. Mark Bowden's book was a carefully composed and scrupulously researched account of a battle that few others had bothered to think so carefully about. A few months out from my own long-awaited discharge from the Army into a world that was suddenly, obscenely blooming flags-flags pinned to pastel blazer lapel pins; flags flying from the antennae of SUVS shuttling the idle middle class to and from driving ranges and hair appointments; flags rudely painted above promises to "kick Osama's... across the tailgates of dented trucks driven by able-bodied young men-I was disoriented and bitter and terrified for the treatment Hollywood had waiting for the men involved in that battle, but I couldn't bring myself to look away. I went and saw the film. In some ways, I wasn't disappointed. The audience snickered through almost the entire film. They snickered at what they took to be the slapstick of going deaf in a firefight; of not being able to recall what you were waiting for, where you were supposed to be. People whispered to each other that they never would have made this or that or the other mistake. It was all I could do to avoid turning on the whole theatre. The performances are solid; there are only a few odd notes that only a veteran would pick out, and even those may have their narrative justifications.(But why is General Garrison wearing aviator sunglasses INSIDE the JOC? Does he wear them just so he can remove them for emphasis?)  There are other more awkward moments when there are attempts to illustrate with very broad strokes the tension between the Delta operators and the Ranger captain; but this is the only film I've ever seen in which I have recognized my Army.  Ridley Scott takes only a little over two hours to tell us not only about the battle, but also about the composition of the modern Army, the nature of soldiering and of the will to fight. The only cliches in this film are the ones that are, in the end, true. When the first round is fired politics "goes right out the window". The only reason to fight is "the other guys right there next to you". The mouthpiece for these truisms is the character Norm Hooten, played very well by Eric Bana. Bana's performance is so good that at times he seems more like a soldier awkwardly cast in a film than an actor struggling to appear a soldier. There are some inaccuracies and omissions and downright fictions in the film, but none of that detracts from its value as a rendering of war. The firefight is so well-executed I almost couldn't sit through it even the second time around without ducking for cover. This is the most accurate portrayal of combat in film yet. Bullets riddle the air, and still you climb up onto the .50 cal. Walls become your enemy, sturdy rock cover shatters in your face, people don't drop after one two or even three shots, and you can only see in one direction. Simple stuff, but rarely understood by filmmakers. The DVD is of very good quality and includes a behind the scenes feature. It's a little shocking to find so many of the soldiers were played by British and Oceanic actors, but they did fine jobs. It was a little irritating to listen to Jerry Bruckheimer riff on soldiering, or to Josh Hartnett explaining that his character is better educated than a typical Ranger, but the rest of the interviews justify themselves. There's no reason not to see this film, and if you buy films, add this one to your collection. It is one of a kind, and at the very least maybe you'll never pay to see Mel Gibson play an American soldier again.     