 If the overwhelming weight of reviews preceding this one hasn't persuaded you, then I don't know what will. At the risk of overkill, I am adding my own negative review, but I am hoping to contribute some new observation.  It's clear that despite the vast difference in their qualitative judgments that both the five-star and the one-star people are talking about the same book, and the same problems. Even the most glowing of reviews is forced to stoop to exhort the potential reader to "have patience" with, to "stomach", to "endure" the protracted set-up of a "master". Well, a good writer writes good set-up, which is indistinguishable from the narrative. And that's all I have to say about that. At this point, reading Jordan is like talking to one of those semi-retarded adults that doesn't look directly at you, but talks continuously about his Star Wars toys, or vintage postage stamps shortly before wandering off to cut out faces from magazines and paste them to his walls. Jordan must be suffering from some bizarre synthesis of writer's block and logorrhea. My best guess is that he has written himself into a real bind: major plot points hinge on characters who can walk in dreams and teleport around the world being unwilling to simply talk to the other ones. Successful resolution of such thin suspense is going to take a lot more than, "Oh I just realized I hadn't popped in to say hello in awhile. What's that you say? Well, why didn't you say so? We can take care of that right now!" Rather than deal with this dilemma, which is common to nearly all writers whose characters transgress the boundaries of human capabilities so thoroughly, Jordan appears to be reproducing, in excruciating detail, the research he must have done into dress and fabric, tea, equestrian sports and blah, blah, blah. I haven't done the work, but I heard from someone who had, that some of Jordan's later books cover only two or three days...WITH OVERLAP!!! I hate to beat the "GET MOVING" drum when so many others have gone before me, but hey... It's fairly common that when an author does one thing poorly-let's say, plot-that he will do another thing very well-like maybe characterization. Well, you can't fault Jordan for his singularity here. He's pretty much the only one who does both very, very badly. Judging by his characters, I would say that Jordan had his formative years as an author writing bizarre sexual harassment scenarios. It reminds me vaguely of Garrison Keillor's Lake Woebegone, where "all the women are strong, all the men are good-looking, and all the children are above average" In the world of the WoT, you get, "All the women are spunky, until they fall in love, and then they treat their men like overgrown children; all the men are stoic, but appear entirely willing to be treated as overgrown children by women, except particularly brassy ones, whom they threaten with being taken over the knee for a good spanking; and all the children are...well, all the chracters act like children"...or something. The best thing I can say about this series is that the first book is really good, and that the second is only three-quarters bad. The taut, well-crafted "Eye of the World" stands alone, and I recommend that it be read that way. But there are hints, even as far back as that, that the WoT was going to turn into a disaster.  Read George R.R. Martin's "Song of Ice and Fire" instead.     