 As an ex-soldier I found this film particularly nauseating. Certainly, the opening sequence appears to be startlingly real. I, and the army buddies with whom I saw this film, were glad to be serving during a time when massive beach landings were no longer a lynchpin of intercontinental war. But the stark realism of the opening sequence (Did you see that guy get blown apart?) is merely pornographic when you consider the film's remainder, which is unforgivably false. There are a few tantalizing moments of real gravity in the first few scenes after the beachhead. The story of the plane crash hints ominously at the indulgence of higher-ranking officers. It is an incident almost on a par with the greatest war story of all time 'Catch-22', it's also disappointingly short, and doesn't even touch on how Tom Hanks and his squad may be involved in exactly the same sort of foolishness. Instead of calling on the audience to recognize that the rescue operation is a cynical political ploy, Spielberg plays it straight-they're going to save that boy. But there is a significant moral problem with the assumption that Ryan's life is more valuable than the lives of any of Hanks' squad members. It's the sort of judgment that only a distant authoritarian can make, in which the only human elements that matter are the ones that have been colored in. The reasoning is probably of little comfort to the wives and mothers of the rest of the squad. Spielberg accomplishes a deft avoidance of this basic immorality through the use of a scapegoat-the translator. An earlier review referred to misplaced 'sympathy in wartime'. That's outrageous, moral reasoning doesn't cease during combat, it becomes increasingly dire. Article 2 of the Geneva Convention of 1929 reads: [Prisoners] must at all times be humanely treated and protected, particularly against acts of violence, insults and public curiosity. This doesn't leave very much room for interpretation. By the way, if you can't keep a prisoner, you take his weapons (you can't take helmets or body armor or first aid) and you LET HIM GO. When the translator entreats the squad to release the prisoner, he is making a difficult moral decision, but he is meant to shoulder the blame for all the tragic death. The rejoinder that the Geneva Convention comes from an authority that is illegitimate by its absence from the situation misses the fact that it is equally as binding as the order to retrieve Ryan, which is considerably more foolish. The characters are ridiculous, the bumbling intellectual, the hard and practical New Yorker, the psalm-uttering sniper, etc. Tom Hanks plays wise-father to the enlisted men, who are almost children. He's even a schoolteacher! Any enlisted man who liked this film must truly be a child and should be given careful guidance by the wise and benevolent officer corps. Hah! Throughout most of the film we are encouraged to trust authority figures as wise and benevolent. Why? When they finally locate Ryan, he doesn't even want to go! Who in this film is meant to be contemptible? The captain played by Tom Hanks, who lets his men be slaughtered for political reasons, and Private Ryan, who ignores the welfare of his mother and the men who have come to rescue him. Their decisions have far greater consequences than the release of the German soldier. By the way, our own Code of Conduct demands similar behavior from our soldiers. You can't get out of the fight because you promised the enemy that you would. Spielberg seems to be suggesting that the German soldier committed an immoral act as well. He doesn't understand warfare, he doesn't understand people, he doesn't understand the army and he doesn't understand morality. In the end, when the elderly Ryan is crying next to the grave it comes off as simple thankful mourning. He should be wracked with guilt. The most realistic war films of all time-All Quiet on The Western Front, Full Metal Jacket, The Thin Red Line. These are all films that show what it's really like to be a soldier and a person. Saving Private Ryan shows only what happens when the soldier/cipher gets blown apart by high caliber weapons. Oh, and the DVD shows that in even greater detail!     