 Last August I noticed a very slight pain in my upper right shoulder. It didn't seem like a structural injury, so I continued to train normally. One day, after about twenty minutes of crawl laps in an Olympic size pool, the pain in my shoulder increased suddenly and dramatically. I iced it and took some non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, and resolved to rest a few months. A few months later, I was no better, and I went to the University medical center. The range of motion tests I underwent actually worsened my condition, and I nearly went to the hospital emergency room two days later. After the typical rigmarole with hospital administration, I finally got to see a sports medicine specialist and then received a referral to physical therapy. A month later, I had spot numbness in my arm, and was still unable to jog, swim, lift...anything.    So my mom bought me this book. I didn't pick it up right away, and I regret it. After only three days following the rehabilitation exercises in this book, I am back to almost full strength and mobility, and have taken up Brazilian Jiujitsu, and returned to regular weight-lifting.   At first, I was leery about the book because one of the authors is a chiropractor. But none of the material in the book is controversial or esoteric. It's extremely common sensical, and includes very helpful information about exercises you may be performing which could permanently damage the health of your shoulders. Further, it presents anatomical information in a manner that is clear and approachable. The doctors I saw didn't bother to inform me of the distinction between internal and external rotators, and all the exercises they gave me were for the internal rotators.   As a young man, I frequently took my health for granted until this shoulder injury. Anyone who is suffering similar problems, and the same confusion and ambiguity that I did, should give this book a chance. At the very least, it presents a wholly scientific and reasonable alternative to surgery and debilitating steroid treatments. Good luck...     