 The university experience is a post-WWII phenomenon for us "little people."  Before that, it was only the wealthy or the very promising to whom this precious opportunity was given.  As with most things, making it available to everyone changes it to say the very, very least.  The university system of modern times is a business.  Nearly everyone ships their children, however thick they might be, off to get a first-class university education. These masters of SAT prep sessions and little else aren't going to line up at the Math, Science and Engineering departments so the Social Science departments are booming.  Tuition funds pour in, along with alumni donations, state and federal grants and, in spite of Title IX's best efforts to the contrary, football and basketball revenues.  A university professorship in the Social Sciences is one of the sweetest gigs there is, for the academic who knows how to milk it.  The university student enrolling in classes must rely on the university's materials in selecting courses, areas of study and the professors, assistant professors and teaching assistants who will provide instruction.  Efforts to assemble a guide to faculty created BY and for students (and their parents) are met with academia's severest measures.  Such faculty directories can not be produced, distributed or even possessed on any campus facilities (including electronic resources.)  Horowitz's directory of the 101 looniest profs should be considered the first of many installments; a note of encouragement to student groups everywhere to storm the barricades and shine the harsh light of day on what their prospective teachers are all about.  Students: CREATE AND PUBLISH A DIRECTORY OF YOUR SCHOOL'S FACULTY TODAY!    Horowitz states in his introduction "This book is not intended as a text about left-wing bias in the university and does not propose that this bias is necessarily a problem. [But, the] professorial task is to teach students how to think, not to tell them what to think."  Somehow, those who managed to read the entire book while standing in the aisle at the local bookseller also managed to miss that bit (they may have been put off by the scary roman numerals.)  Parents: Before you send your kids off to college next fall, write a letter to the president of their prospective universities and ask if you can publish a faculty and course directory based on student and parent observations.  Be sure to leave yourself time to select a different school when you hear the reaction.     