 This is not a great book, but it is an interesting book.  If you are looking for a well written and lucid account of a woman's unique experiences in combat, keep looking  (Actually, try She Went to War: The Rhonda Cornum Story.)  If you are looking for some insight into how women's changing roles in society are manifesting themselves, hold your nose and give this a read.  The very first hurdle you will have to overcome in getting through this book is the fractured "mall-chick" prose.  Williams claims to be pretty sharp academically and perhaps she is but her grammar is horrific.  The next hurdle is the style.  This might be a gender thing but I find the "here's what happened, here's what I said and here's how I felt about it" structure of storytelling to be a root-canal sans novocaine.  Taken together, I think those two defects make an excellent starting point in discussing why this book is worth a tree or two.  I have no problem believing Williams is a well-educated and intelligent person.  She has chosen to write in this dumbed-down voice not to be "accessible" but to provide plausible denial lest she be held responsible for what she has to say.  Williams segues maddeningly between an intelligent young woman commenting on her place in world events and a vapid party-girl looking for her next thrill.  And there is one of the big differences between men and women.  Men are taught early on to decide who they are going to be: to thine own self be true.  Women take pride in being able to "chameleon" their way through life and share tips with each other to refine their techniques.  I was in the service and I continue to be fascinated with the culture of the military.  Williams' account testifies that most aspects of military life haven't changed much since my day.  But the  account of Williams making her (female) sergeant cry and getting chewed out by her (also female) lieutenant for not being more sensitive to the sergeant's feelings gives the exact kind of insight to the modern army I was looking for.  For most of human history, the military was the bastion of "maleness."  Strength, stoicism and principle were the walls meant to defend civilization in times of danger. There is a reason that two formations of young armed men marching toward each other across an open field and slaughtering each other inspires epic poetry while modern accounts of military activity often include the word "surreal."  Society is meant to protect women and children at the expense of men's lives.  It will not be a simple thing for us as a people to learn entirely new roles for ourselves.  Love My Rifle More Than You is a worthwhile source for examining this evolution.     