 This book receives five enthusiastic stars for the outstanding information content but only four stars for the included sample software.  I've been a commercial fax software developer for more than ten years, and I was surprised  to see how much I learned in this book. The information content is the best  I've ever seen for a fax modem book, and Andrew Margolis' writing style is  professional and very easy to read. He is clearly a veteran of this  business, and it seems like he really enjoys writing.  He exhaustively  covers virtually everything that one would need to do anything with a fax  modem: T.4 image structure, class 1, class 2, class 2.0, T.30 handshaking,  and TIFF files. His coverage is exceptionally complete, and he does not  limit himself to just the standards. Throughout the text he discusses where  the real world conflicts with "how it should be" and how one  works around them. One cannot wish these issues away, and discovering them  early rather than later is simply golden.  Coverage of serial-port control  is a bit thin, and it only addresses the PC platform, but this is such a  minor nit that it does not detract from the work as a whole. UNIX  developers will have to discover how to talk serial ports from some other  source.  The only reason this does not receive five stars is that the  sample software seems fairly pedestrian and not terribly good as an  example. It seems that Andrew has sacrificed substantial performance for  potential clarity, something I attribute to a likely conscious choice  rather than an oversight. Since he is probably also a commercial fax  developer, I suspect he didn't want to give away his secrets. I know that  most of the "bit-banging" code is horrendously slow, although  probably straightforward to read. In his position I may have made the same  tradeoff, but the reader is left to perform these optimizations himself.  Some of the optimizations are not at all obvious.  Anybody remotely  involved in writing or supporting fax software should have this book. Other  than my objections to the include sample code, I cannot think of a single  thing that would have improved this book, other than it having it be in my  library ten years ago.     