 For several years Magiere, Leesil, and Chap have been moving from village to village, earning their living by ridding frightened and superstitious people of the undead creatures that plague their lives.  But the whole thing is merely a sham, an elaborate game they have concocted, and Magiere is no true Hunter.  Or is she?  Finally tired of playing `the game' for so long, Magiere is ready to call it quits and settle down to a simpler and easier way of life, running a tavern.  But what she and Leesil don't realize is that Magiere really is a Dhampir, a Hunter, and what they have been playing at for so many years will soon become a shocking reality.  Vampires (and other undead creatures) really do exist, and they have decided that the Hunter is a threat that must be eliminated.   I am very, very impressed with how the authors have created a vampire story set in a true fantasy world.  It felt real and natural, and was a refreshing change from the norm!  The world building was very well done, the characters were vivid and compelling, and it had a nice dash of mystery and intrigue.  There was also lots of great action, humor, sadness and grief, and questions of selfishness, sense of duty, and honor (or doing 'the right thing').  The story sucks you in from the very beginning and there is never a dull moment.  I read this one from the first page to the last, without ever putting it down.   I loved how Magiere and Leesil's relationship was portrayed, and how they were both far from perfect, even as far as having secrets that they knowingly, or unknowingly, kept from each other.  We are introduced to them at an important junction in their lives, and along the way we are given tantalizing glimpses into their past which, amazingly, never breaks the flow of the story.  And it was a joy to watch them grow and evolve, and learn to understand each other better, even though when we meet them they have already been companions for several years.  We even get fascinating glimpses into the thoughts and motivations of the villains that make you feel very sympathetic towards them at times.  All in all, it makes for a very complex, engaging, and emotional story that is not just as simple as good vs. evil. Towards the end of the book I was feeling a little disappointed that the adventure would soon be over.  But to my surprise, and delight, it looks as though Dhampir will be the first in a series (or will have a sequel at the very least).  I can't wait to read the next installment that holds the promise of more mysterious revelations, and greater things to come.  Please don't miss this one, I HIGHLY recommend it!     