 I have read a great deal of books in my life, the majority of which have been in the Fantasy genre, and I can say without a doubt that A Game Of Thrones is the best Fantasy book I have ever read.  And possibly one of the best that I have read in any genre.  Martin is truly gifted; a Master of storytelling.  I cannot begin to say how much I loved this book, and how thankful I am to the friend who recommended it to me. In A Game Of Thrones, Martin has woven a truly fascinating and extremely complex story.  At first I thought that it would be difficult to follow, and to keep everything straight.  There are a huge amount of characters, so many different locations, and plots within plots.  But it must be Martin's talent, in the way he writes, that makes everything come together naturally, and flow smoothly.  I've had no trouble at all with following the lives and adventures of all the characters.  Huzzah!  Brownie points to Martin. Not only is there an incredible amount of world building going on here, but what I love most of all is the way Martin portrays his characters.  No one is either completely good or evil, they all have very complex personalities.  There is no black and white, only shades upon shades of gray.  And just when you think you've understood the way a character thinks, and what his actions will be, guess what?  You were wrong!  This book takes so many twists and turns, not only in character development, but in the storyline and plots, that it is always refreshing and exciting ... never a dull moment! I am completely enthralled with this series!  I have just started the second book in the series, A Clash Of Kings, and so far the quality is right on par with the first one.  It picks up right where A Game Of Thrones left off, and does not go through pages or chapters of  unnecessary back-story ... thank goodness!  But for those of you who like that kind of thing in a series, don't worry.  This is one story that will be so vividly imprinted on your mind that you will not forget what has happened in the previous books.  Or at the very least, as soon as you begin reading again, it will all come flooding back. This book was truly phenomenal.  I highly recommend it to anyone that loves, or even just likes Fantasy.  In fact, I would even recommend it to people who have never even read Fantasy.  I had heard there wasn't much magic in these books, but was pleasantly surprised to see that there was more than I had expected, or at least a lot of references to magic or magical beings.  A wonderful set-up, and delightful teaser of what is to come I imagine.  Unlike other novels where the magic, and magical abilities, is `in your face', Martin takes a more subtle route and makes it all seem so real!  So believable!     