 Anyone who loves Vampire romance really needs to check out this series!  I'd been a little burnt out on the whole vampire thing, but I gave Dark Lover a try and I'm so glad that I did!  Mrs. Ward is a darn good writer, and she puts her own unique and very refreshing spin on the vampire theme.  I'm totally hooked.  And I just finished reading Lover Eternal which was just as wonderful as the first book.  The Black Dagger Brotherhood is a projected 10 book series.  (woo hoo!)  Each book deals with different characters, but you do need to read them in order.  One thing that I really like is that the supporting characters (who will eventually have their own story told) are not just briefly and causally thrown in for the sake of setting things up for the next book in the series.  They're all very important to the overall story, and even though each book centers on the main two characters, we also get to know the rest of them quite well along the way.  This makes it seem more like a real series rather than loosely linked stories.  Also, Mrs. Ward's characters are all so different and intriguing.  Even though the Brothers are all vampires, they each have their own very distinct personalities, problems, hang-ups, curses, history, etc., that really makes them unique.  The same goes for the heroines as well, so it never gets boring and you don't ever feel like you're reading the same old vampire story over and over again with just the names and locales changed.  Here are the books so far, in order: 1) Dark Lover 2) Lover Eternal 3) Lover Awakened (Sept. 2006)  Dark Lover is Wrath's story, Lover Eternal is all about Rhage, and in Lover Awakened we will finally get to read about Zsadist!  I can't wait!  After reading the first book I already knew that he was going to be my favourite, and the second book only reinforced that.  September can't come soon enough for me!  I highly recommend this series.  And another big plus is that Mrs. Ward is a very nice person!  I sent her an email after I had read Dark Lover and she actually wrote me back (very quickly too I might add!), and we chatted back and forth for a bit.  It's always a great feeling knowing that an author you enjoy reading is a nice person and will take the time to respond to their fans.     She also has a very nice website, and a whole section of "interviews" with each of the Brothers which I really enjoyed!  Check it out here: http://www.jrward.com/     