 Susan Krinard had done it again!  Only this time she has taken a detour from her much-beloved "Werewolf" theme and delved into the world of "Faerie".  I was browsing the new-releases table in Borders and The Forest Lord caught my eye right away.  A new book from Susan Krinard!?  I snatched it up immediately, and needless to say, I wasn't disappointed!  This story is enchanting, gripping, and truly magical.  I simply could not put it down, and read the entire book in one sitting. Six years ago, Eden Fleming made the horrifying discovery that the man she was about to marry was not human.  He was a Fane, a Faerie creature of the forest, who had made a made a deal with her father and used her to sire a half-human child.  The child was his only hope of leaving the mortal world to return to his home of Tir-na-nog.  But upon learning of his deception, Eden fled and the Forest Lord fell into a deep sleep.  Now, five years later, she has returned and he has vowed to have his revenge on the woman who shunned him, and to steal back the child that he believed to be dead.  Cloaked in magic, he assumes the identity of a servant named Hartley Shaw, and begins to set his plan in motion.  But as he spends more time with Eden and their son, he realizes that things have changed, and we are left with just one question.  Is this creature of the Faerie world capable of feeling the one emotion that they are supposedly devoid of ... Love? The Forest Lord is a wonderfully heart-warming novel from a truly gifted writer of Fantasy-Romance.  If you have read any of Ms. Krinard's novels you will not be surprised to find that this one is right on par with her previous ones.  And if you haven't, then this is an excellent place to start!  It will hook you from the beginning, and you will find yourself furiously turning the pages and holding your breath in anticipation as the story takes a very tense and unexpected twist towards the end!  Ms. Krinard, you have delighted me with this wonderful tale, and I hope we will be seeing more very soon!  If I could give it ten stars I would, but sadly, Amazon only allows five.  *sigh*  So be it.  Enjoy!!     