 What is God? In the West, we often think of God as "all powerful, all knowing, and all good." He created the universe out of nothing, is uncreated and eternal, and an can grant eternal life.  Is it rational to believe in this God's existence?  I have several of Pickover's recent books, and this book marks a wonderful addition to his collection.   Through a large series of mind-numbing experiments, Pickover helps us understand the kinds of relationships we ordinary humans can have with an ominscient God.   Pickover raises many interesting issues.  In the Koran, God has no cause or temporal dimension, and there is little we can say about Him.  Our brains are not up to task.  But ordinary folk shouldn't deny God's existence in the same way that a deaf person shouldn't deny the existence of music.   Is God real, or are we only worshipping a projection of ourselves?   Can an omniscient being know the delight of learning new knowledge?  Could God create a person whose actions He cannot know?  Was the universe created by a being who tuned all the physical constants to permit carbon-based life?  Pickover discusses all these subjects and more. 	The Zorastrianis, Hindus, Islam, Bahais, and Jews believe in an omniscient God. Buddhists believe that the Buddha was omniscient.  On the other hand, Jewish mystics, such as those who follow the Lurianic Kabbalah, believe that God has given himself limitations. In order to make room for the physical universe and our existence, En Sof vacated a region within Himself. With each act of contraction, nature gains additional freedom. 	If there is a single book you will buy that will change the way you think about God and the universe -- and let you dream the infinite -- this book is for you.   Topics covered include: the Bible, Kabbalah, the brain, "Does God Makes Mistakes and Learn?"  Was Jesus omniscient?  Do we have free will?, Hans Jonas, Auschwitz, Does God sanction genocide? The Bible as a telescope to a larger reality. Paradoxes, Garden of Eden, Buddhism, Led Zeppelin, the nature of time, Baha'i faith, Biblical errors, crucified saviors, Alan Dershowitz,  Devil's Offer, ekpyrotic model (of the universe), hive minds, Freeman Dyson, Robert Heinelin, Bible mysteries, stellar evolution, Satan, Nephilim, Bridegroom of Blood, Gospel of Thomas, Urantia...   Need I say more?     