 This is by far the most best Madonna album.She did alot of work on this album.The tunes are just great.  American Life:very popish-techno beat with really good lyrics.the public is really trashing her rap which i think is stupid.The rap is very serious.Its the most personal part of the song. Hollywood:a very catchy song.She shows how she is obsessed with thinkin why people think so much of hollywood.A very good song! Im So Stupid:this song drops a little bit from the trilogy.American life,Hollywood,and Im So Stupid are all one trilogy.But this song really doesnt have such a point.It really is just a part 2 of Hollywood.Not her best work. Love Profusion: This song is very acoustic.What i think is wrong with it though is that she repeats the lyrics to much and the beat is too 'the same'! But other wise it is a really good song. Nobody Knows Me: now this song should be released as a single.It is my personal favorite.She does lots of electronic work.Sure the vocoder is used a bit much but it is a cool song.She wrote a very personal club song that reflects on her life .And made it into a technoish pop beat song.Very nice! Nothing Fails: This is a very very good song.I just love the choir and lyrics.She just let her vocals out there.This song makes me just wanna be in a room by myself and just sing to the top of my lungs.I luv it absolutely! Intervention: this song is like another Im So Stupid. A lack of lyrics and the beat is not Madonna.She needs more funk in that song. X-static Process: A mid tempo song that is about another part of her life.Well actually its about her whole life until now.She shows how she has evolved and lived her life.I think it could be better but itz still a good song! Mother&Father: this song made me realize how people can turn out to be without their mother or father there.itz very personal and i can see other people relate to it.Its a very good song and it shows alot of hurt Madonna has been through. Die Another Day: The song that makes me dance and shout.I absolutely love it.It was named worst bond theme song.That is not true.Itz the best bond song.Very techno and lots of the vocoder.I like it alot because the movie is totally reflected to it.Usually artists make a video that doesnt even reflect to the movie that the song is related to.So this song has 5 stars in my judging! Easy Ride: a very country type song.she didnt have much to give on this song.But itz still great . It takes a sec to get into. Once again Madonna made the best album.Everytime she makes an album it just gets better and better.Dont believe what people say.Buy the album itz garuanteed the best of her work..!     