 I've been sooooo anticipated for this album to get released. I bought it at 12:01am at Wal-Mart on April 12th.  Ok this morning I was watching Good Morning America and Mariahs voice sounded great. She hit all the high notes just fine. Her mic went out a couple of times but that was ok. She still sounded fine. Now.. for my early review. I will have another review later on cuz Im sure my opinions will change but heres my review for now..  It's Like That-10/10 perfect first single. The beat is jumpy. I loved it ever since day one.  We Belong Together-10/10 great choice for a second single. The remix with Bone Thugs and Harmony is good too. I saw the video today. She looks like herself from 1997.  Shake It Off-10/10 one of my faves. This is Mariahs choice for the third single. I really hope it will be too.   Mine Again-9/10 good vocals.  Say Somethin'-10/10 this was supposed to be the first single but was cancelled due to the song leaking. I think its a good choice for maybe a 3rd or 4th single. I heard from Def Jam it might be the next single.  Stay The Night-9/10 this is one of the better Kanye produced song. This was also picked as a first single and also got cancelled.  Get Your Number-10/10 definetly one of the best songs. This should be a single. JD is singing on this one.   One and Only-9/10 good song. Mariah cusses on this song. She shouldn't have bleeped it. It would have made it more meaningfull.  Circles-7/10 I haven't got into this song that much yet but will over time.  Your Girl-9.5/10 again this is one of the best songs of the  album.  I Wish You Knew-7/10 I haven't got into this song that much yet either.  To The Floor-10/10 great song. Very jumpy, dancy type song.  Joy Ride-8/10 haven't got into this song that much yet either. Its pretty good though.  Fly Like A Bird-10/10 seems like this was taken from the Music Box album. Her voice is awesome on this one. The ending is awesome.  This album is worth about 6 singles. I hope they will atleast make 5. My choice would be It's Like That, We Belong Together, Get Your Number, One and Only and Fly Like a Bird. I hope this album goes atleast 5X Platinum.  Overall Rating 9.5     