 City of Heroes made for an enjoyable summer of 2004 for me.  By the Fall of 2004, though, it was too much to stomach.  Before I address the bad, I will evaluate the good.  There are two huge plusses that CoH has:    1)  An incredible variety of costume creation possibilities.  Multitudes of colors, design schemes for different body areas such as shoulders, boots, hands, pants, chest, emblems, and helmets.  The downside is that not all designs are available until later levels.  When capes were introduced, the game designers utilized the reason that capes were a "prestige" item.  I am sorry, but Robin the Boy Wonder (Batman's sidekick) in his little yellow cape is hardly prestigious.  To deny capes and other costume designs at character creation phase is simply a thinly-veiled marketing tool to keep players as subscribers for longer periods of time.  Nothing prestigious about that.   2)  A huge positive for City of Heroes is the innovation to allow players of greatly varying power levels to "adventure" together is "sidekicking".  As long as your sidekick remains within a reasonable range, his/her power levels are raised dramatically to be just a bit lower than your own.  This permits a new player whose friends have already been playing the game for a considerable amount to time, to jump right in and be a part of the team.  The downside to City of Heroes, and it is considerable enough to warrant only 3 stars in the rating, is the requirement to of searching for a team at around midlevel.  This is a trap many massively multiplayer online games fall into.  No longer can a player solo and hope to have any success at all.  The missions a hero receives as simply too difficult as the criminals advance in their own powers and technological gadgets.  When on a limited playing schedule as nearly all working family adults and studious teens should be, the endless wait to enjoy the product already purchased and continuously subscribed to each month makes the game experience be almost criminal.       