 While this product is incredibly large, the title of it is a bit of a misnomer.  It is not exactly a "dungeon" in-as-much as a prison located over various planes.  There are numerous areas, or planes if you will, that are shaped as a dungeon level, so the feel is mostly there.  However, a few are less dungeony than others.  For instance, one area is outdoorsy filled with unicorns and elves; another is based on a fiery plane, and a deep, dark watery plane just to mention three.  The writing is surprisingly good, considering the vastness that the authors and editors had to deal with.  The encounters are well described with each "room" listing various elements, outlined in separate paragraphs, such as treasure, initial reactions, monster stats (not at the back of the book), Encounter level, and even suggestions on how to scale the room to make it easier or more difficult.  I am quite impressed with this level of detail.  I only have two quibbles, and both are significant enough for me that I knocked the rating down a star for each.  My first is that I prefer a product that is designed to cover a lot of different aspects of play, and by drafting this "dungeon" as a planar escapade, the entry level characters are essentially forced to be prisoners as well.  They are forced to travel plane-to-plane to escape; no opportunities to go back-to-town with bags of loot; no roleplay opportunities with town adventures.  It is strictly a dungeon experience, period.  Even though it is mentioned in the first chapter that a DM can decide to have the "dungeon" be an in-and-out experience, the writing doesn't easily support it as the progression is designed to be an "Escape the Prison" idea.  The second quibble is the product cost.  I would prefer a variation on adventures that can be purchased separately but be more fulfilling over the course of twenty levels.  Not every player will want to be locked into a dungeon setting at every session.  If the DM figures out a way for the players to exit the dungeon from time to time in order to accomplish some other goal, then the value of a self-contained 1-20 level adventure lessens as the DM has had to resort to other routes anyhow.  In summary, it is a fine product.  But be certain to understand its limitations before deciding to invest in the hefty sum required to purchase it.     