 This is a 4-star movie increased to 5 stars with Janeane Garofalo's riotous inclusion as "The Bowler".  With her father's skull, Carmine, imbedded within the flying bowling ball, not only does she wield a wicked strike on every toss, her witty banter keeps the movie alive. I am not particularly a Ben Stiller fan, but he does a sound job as the dubious "Mr. Furious".  His claim to fame was that he once pushed a bus ... that was already moving.  Imbued with dubious super-strength whenever he gets furious, his jumping upon the antagonist's limosine is a riot as he couldn't really do anything else in comparison to his teammates. William Macy is amazing as "The Shoveler".  He can wield a mighty mean shovel and was the most physical member of the team.  His job as a construction worker was where he primed his talent. Hank Azaria as the "Blue Raja", a fork and spoon tosser with a supposedly far east Indian background was a riot.  He was anything but "blue" while covered mostly greens and browns, coupled with his fake British accent while he is an American demonstrated a character completely quirky. With the capture of Greg Kinnear's "Captain Amazing", the group held a tryout where more wanna-be heroes came to audition.  Ranging from "Pencil Head" and his sidekick, "Son of Pencil Head" to "The Waffler", the audition was a complete bust.  However, the late arrival of Janeane's "The Bowler" awed them with her talent and capability. Other eventual teammates included Paul Ruben's "The Spleen", the boy who could only become invisible when no one was watching, and the mysterious man from New Orleans whose claim to fame is an ability to cut guns in half and speak phrases along the lines of "Control your fears, or your fears will control you" and "Work for good, and good will work for you." The assault upon Casanova Frankenstein's home was difficult with the various gangs he had brought to his banner.  From the fellas stuck in the disco era, to the "Frat Boys", and the all-woman dance gang, our heroes have their work cut-out for them.     