 Alice in Chains' "Greatest Hits" is a collection of songs from four previous Alice in Chains albums.  The songs are presented for the first time in 5.1-channel sound on a stereo/multichannnel SACD (Sony catalog number CS 85922).   Before the multichanel SACD arrived, I wondered how mid-1990s alternative rock would sound in the very clear SACD format.  If the recording was made "too clean" then it really wouldn't sound like the original. And yet, if it sounded too much like the CD, then why bother with an SACD? I'm pleased to report that a very good compromise was reached.  The multichannel mix by Toby Wright is very clean but still sounds "grungy".  The rear channel are mostly used to make the mix fuller with excellent results.  There are some appropriate sound effects which use the rear channel discretely.  The bass is slightly higher than other multichannel SACDs, but with this selection it is much better to have a little too much bass than not enough.  Vocals are anchored in the center channel. Like all multichannel SACDs and unlike DVD-Audio discs, the multichannel SACD disc is very easy to use.  The disc does require an SACD player and the multichannel version requires a multichannel SACD player, such as Sony's SCD-CE775.  The disc will not play on a CD player.  Song titles appear on the SACD player's internal display at the start of each song. If you are a fan of Alternative Rock, you've heard at least four of these songs from radio airplay, such as "Man in the Box", "No Excuses" and "Heaven Bside You".  The songs are the familiar versions from the 1990-1995 period. As far as I can tell this is the first alternative rock multichannel SACD release (it may even be the first alternative rock multichannel disc - including DTS CDs and DVD-Audio discs). Because this is the only disc of its kind made it even more surprising that the disc is as good as it is.  Once again, this is another excellent multichannel SACD.  May there be many more! This multichannel disc is rated a solid five stars.     