 Wow!  "Inside the Music : New Wave" is really DVD-Audio at its best.  From the first to the final tracks, this disc sounds great.   It is amazing how much better this disc sounds than the "Classic Rock" or "Women on Top" editions of this series, which contain similar artists.  I believe that much of the difference is the approximately 6-month difference between the release of the older editions and the release of "New Wave".  The "New Wave" disc contains songs from Capitol, EMI, Chrysalis and (for the first time) I.R.S. artists. The recordings throughout are crystal clear with (for the first time) consistent LFE (subwoofer) levels throughout.  This is also the first disc (including Warner Music DVD-Audio discs) where the LFE output actually matched the expected levels based on sound pressure level readings and my ears.   "Eyes Without a Face" by Billy Idol has vocals which seem to be placed just in front of the listener.  Extremely clear and remarkable.  Even the bass on "My Sharona" sounds new, clean and a bit more edgy.  I have to say that "Mexican Radio" by Wall of Voodoo sounds like it was should have always been in 5.1-channel surround sound.  It is hard to choose a standout track since they are all excellent.   The disc contains 5.1-channel, 96kHz, 24-bit PPCM versions of all the songs, playable on DVD-Audio players.  DTS and Dolby Digital versions are also included for DVD-Video players.  Somewhat boring and redundant (from the other "Inside the Music" discs) still photos of the artists are shown on the screen while the audio plays.  Personally, I'd rather have seen the lyrics, but then again the video won't be on most of the time. The disc is packaged in an extended jewel box, unlike previous "Inside the Music" discs.  That is a slight disadvantage for those who have already purchased the other discs in the series. My only hope is that every label mastering a DVD-Audio disc will listen to "New Wave" first and just try to match the technique used by the Immergent label.  I would also hope that Immergent would go back and make the previous "Inside the Music" discs sound as good as this one. In summary, if you want to demo your DVD-Audio player with non-classic music, purchase this disc.  "New Wave" is really that good and easily five stars.  A true reference standard for DVD-Audio.     