 Another in the series of "Inside the Music" DVD-Audio discs, this disc may be the most enjoyable of the whole series. With the exception of track 1, Blondie's "Heart of Glass", the disc contains exceptionally well done mixes of famous rock songs by female artists or bands with female singers. The songs all come from Capitol, EMI or Chrysalis label artists under the "Silverline" and EMI-Capitol Music Special Markets labels. The 5.1 channel mixes are available on DVD-Audio players as 96kHz, 24-bit output. In addition, on DVD-Video and DVD-Audio players, a 5.1-channel DTS and a 5.1-channel Dolby Digital mix is also included. From track 2 through 9, the mixes are fresh, expansive with warm bass - everything DVD-Audio was supposed to be. Track 10, "Nutbush City Limits" by Ike & Tina Turner is actually very good if the source material is accounted for. It's hard to force 2001 sound out of old source tapes. The only problem track from a equalization standpoint is the first one - "Heart of Glass". Much like some of the early tracks on "Inside the Music : Classic Rock", the song sounds like the high end has been muted and extra subwoofer bass added. While all the Silverline Label discs seem to have more bass than their Warner Music counterparts, track 1 is the only one where there is too much low bass and a serious lack of upper end treble. The rest of the music (tracks 2 through 10) are very well balanced. Track 2 is also unusual in that "Walking on Sunshine" seems to change tempo slightly, right after the opening phrases.  It is almost as if a new intro was grafted onto remainder of the song.  The effect is somewhat like hitting a brick wall when the tempo changes. Despite those two items, I would really rate this at 4.5 stars, but that isn't available. It is definately better than "Classic Rock" but since half stars aren't available and it really isn't a perfect disc, I'll call this a 4 star disc.  While not related specifically to "Inside the Music: Women on Top", a good question is whether any DVD-Audio disc could really be perfect with the usability problems of the format? While sonically superior than a CD (and the difference really can be heard), a CD is a much easier format to use. Will DVD-Audio survive with the usability problems? Only time will tell...     