 Wow!  "Inside the Music : New Wave" is a really impressive DVD-Audio disc.   The DVD-Audio disc from the Silverline label features eleven songs from the late 70s through the mid-80s - the New Wave era of music.  The songs are from the Chrysalis, Capitol, EMI and (for the first time on DVD-Audio) I.R.S. labels.  The songs are all released through the EMI-Capitol Music Special Markets program. Songs are presented in 5.1-channel 96-kHz 24-bit PPCM in DVD-Audio mode.  5.1-channel mixes are also available in DTS and Dolby Digital for playing on a DVD-Video player.  The disc will not play on a CD player (naturally). These mixes are outstanding.  The balances between the channels are excellent throughout as is the equalization between the bass and treble.  These were problems with earlier "Inside the Music" releases.  The LFE levels match exactly with my sound meters and my ears.  I believe this shows how much the DVD-Audio mastering process has matured in the approximate six months difference between the release of "Inside the Music : Classic Rock" and the release of "Inside the Music : New Wave".  It is also the first edition of Inside the Music where Panasonic did the DVD-Audio mastering. All of the songs are outstanding, so it is hard to pick the stand-outs.  "Eyes Without a Face" by Billy Idol uses a mix that puts Billy singing about four feet in front of the listener with extremely clear vocals.  "Mexican Radio" by Wall of Voodoo sounds like it was always intended for 5.1-channel sound.  "My Sharona" by the Knack has bass like it was always intended to have.  All vocals are extremely clean with warm bass - just like had been promised when DVD-Audio appeared late last year. The small negatives mostly have to do with the DVD-Audio format rather than the disc.  It still takes too long from a DVD-Audio disc to start playing music even with the Pioneer Elite DV-38A, which skips the menu information and label advertisement.  It is also disconcerting that after each track the disc is programmed for the player to reload its play buffer.  This leads to way too much time between tracks. The video content consists of some tired still images that are sometimes duplicated from previous "Inside the Music" editions.  I'd rather have had the lyrics for those rare times when I actually look at the video content.   But all these are very minor criticisms.  The music and the mixes are excellent!  The best hope for DVD-Audio would be if each DVD-Audio producer would listen to "Inside the Music : New Wave" and emulate these mixes.  Certainly the Warner Music DVD-Audio releases could benefit from emlating the LFE levels in New Wave.  It would also be nice if the Silverline label would fix the earlier Inside the Music releases to match the sound of "New Wave". In summary this disc may be the best non-orchestral DVD-Audio disc available.  It is certainly the disc I will use to demonstrate DVD-Audio's capabilities.  The disc could not be more highly recommended.     