 Fleetwood Mac's "Rumours" has been released in 5.1-channel, 96-kHz, 24-bit surround sound. The mix is well balanced, which is the first time I've been able to write that about a Warner Music DVD-Audio disc. The reason for the correct balance may be that Ken Caillat, who normally works on the Silverline label (see the Inside the Music series of DVD-Audio discs), created the 5.1 channel mix of Rumours. The bass sound is warm and clear, with only occasional hiss from the original master tapes heard. LFE levels are exactly where they should be. The high frequency sounds are pleasant and not overemphasized. The music - well this is "Rumours". At least 9 of the 12 tracks (one former B-side added for good reasons) are easily recognizable to anyone with an FM radio set to a rock station. That's hard to say for almost all other albums, even "greatest hits" collections. Stand-out tracks are "Never Going Back Again" with four accoustic guitars, one in each channel. It is a fascinating effect as the different guitars go in and out of phase. "The Chain" is very warm sounding. "You Make Loving Fun" is just plainly great. However, there are some negatives as well. Some of the mixes, such as "Second Hand News", sound as if all the music is spread to the "walls" in specific locations without anything in the middle. It almost reminds me of early stereo albums where the vocals were the only thing on a channel, but spread to five speakers.  There is also a "floating instrument" in two of the tracks. I really like the use of instruments in the rear channels when done properly. But, with the exception of a few songs that aren't yet available on DVD-Audio, I can't find any reason for an instrument to start on the left front channel, work its way back to the left rear and then move forward again, all in the space of a phrase of music. The only "extra" worth mentioning is an audio track of the band commenting on making the album. Very interesting, but I also wish I could separately hear the non-vocal tracks that make-up the music bed for the commentary. The disc also has a 2-channel 96-kHz, 24-bit mix and a Dolby Digital mix for playing on some regular DVD-Video players. So, overall this is a 4.7 on the 1 to 5 scale. To be consistent with other reviews, this gets truncated to a 4, since 4.7 isn't supported. I'd rank this as my second choice for DVD-Audio behind "Inside the Music : New Wave". Before I go, one word of advice to Warner Music - have Mr. Caillat work on more of your DVD-Audio discs.     