 Billy Joel's "52nd Street" continues Sony Music's release of 5.1-channel (multichannel) SACDs. "52nd Street" is the second disc in his recording catalog released in the multichannel SACD format, following "The Stranger". The multichannel version has catalog number CS 69385.  The disc is presented in 5.1 channel packed DSD sound as well as stereo DSD. There is no CD layer, so the SACD is only playable in an SACD player. Multichannel requires a multichannel SACD player such as the Sony SCD-CE775. Unlike early DVD-Audio discs, the mixes and mastering process on this early multichannel SACD are all excellent. The disc is extremely easy to use. Unlike a DVD-Audio disc, which acts like a glorified DVD-Video disc, a multichannel SACD acts like a CD. Press 'play' - it plays. Track skipping is easy. As a bonus, the name of each track appears on the player's built-in display - no video display required.  The packaging is a standard CD jewel box. The sound quality is not as good as "The Stranger" multichannel SACD.  While it is close, the snare drum, which is prominent in all tracks, is duller and less realistic than what was heard from the previous release.  Dragging out an old LP record version of "52nd Street", the same snare sound is heard.  It is likely that this snare sound is a recording decision made in the late-1970s rather than a mastering problem.  The extreme clarity of the SACD just makes it more prominent.   Despite any criticism, the SACD is still much better than the CD version.  The finger-snaps on "Stiletto" are very impressive.  It is one of the best uses of multichannel effects I've heard.  "Until the Night" also make effective but not distracting use of the multichannel effects.  It is also enjoyable to have all of Joel's vocals strongly anchored by the center channel. While still an excellent multichannel SACD disc, "52nd Street" isn't as well done as "The Stranger".  This may be the result of a 23 year old decision, but it still ends up in a duller sound.  The real rating should be around 4.5 stars.  Unfortunately that isn't available, so we'll truncate to 4 stars. Overall, "52nd Street" is still recommended as a multichannel SACD, but just not as much as "The Stranger". Note : Some earlier SACD versions of "52nd Street" were stereo-only.     