 I recently bought a collection of British music on Naxos, and listened to three CDs that night: Bax's 1st, Walton's 2nd, and the Elgar/Payne 3rd. Of the three, Bax, surprisingly, made the best impression. The Walton has been highly rated and so I expected big things, but found it so vague, so lacking in intent, that I could barely pay attention. Of course, this seems to be a characteristic of much modern music - the modern 'style', if you will. Of the Elgar/Payne I will only say that I was disappointed.  The Bax, too, seemed initially that it was headed for the oblivion of my 'to be resold' pile (which grows ever larger, as I never get round to reselling). The liner notes on Bax's obsession with Celtic folklore about the Little People, etc., seemed confirmed in the fey, Debussian tone poems that open the CD. It was very redolent of Victorian kitsch, and boded ill for the rest of the program.  The symphony was different, however. It was unsentimental; tough-minded, even. Bax had something to say here, and he was saying it directly (this, as opposed to the nebulous shillyshallying of the Walton). Indeed, Bax seems here to hover uncertainly at the gateway to Modernism, suspecting it to be a dead-end. As I understand it, he later backed away in order to develop his own style apart from the prevailing theories, and this inevitably contributed to his obscurity.   This is certainly a 'young man's symphony'; that is, it has the enthusiastic drive of youth, while arguably lacking the concentration, but also the jadedness, of experience. While melodically weak (another modern characteristic) it is emotionally rich, and viscerally orchestrated - and he seems to have a knack for writing gripping endings. It certainly arouses interest in his later developments, and I will be eagerly exploring more of his works (the symphonies; probably not the tone poems).  As caveat to the above, I am obviously not one of the expert reviewers abundant in Amazon and elsewhere online, who seem to have heard every version of everything, ever! But as ignorant and opinionated as I seem, I hope that this will be of use to others of similarly negligible experience, who are standing at the Naxos stand in their local record shop, wondering which disc would most satisfy their musical needs.  (3 1/2 stars, rounded up to 4)     