 This book has a number of problems and contains little helpful content for clinician or APD sufferer: Firstly, although this book is presumably intended to be a definitive work, it does not address the specific descriptors of the DSM criteria. Indeed, across the whole book the DSM (Diagnostic & Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders) is only accorded half a dozen of the 200 pages. Second, the relationship between "avoidance" and Avoidant Personality Disorder is not made clear, so that the terms seem to be used synonymously. This enables the author to include the descriptions of "avoidant" behaviour which make up the bulk of the book. These descriptions include much aggressive and extrovert behaviour which directly contradicts the DSM diagnostic criteria. Third, little attention is given to the "classic" APD sufferer, presumably because this would furnish few of the anecdotes with which the book is decorated. I suppose the chronic withdrawal of "classic" APD is rather unspectacular, given the extent to which social interactions are avoided. Nonetheless, it is the nominative topic, and should have been properly addressed. Fourth, little space is given to speculation about causation. In the chapter "The literature" various names are cited with usually only a paragraph on their observations and opinions. An exception is made for Freud, who gets five pages. With a straight face, Kantor quotes "Anxiety in males is 'always ultimately a fear of castration'". Kantor also seems to agree with Freud, parenthetically, that the incest taboo is a prime cause of avoidance, if not of APD, but no clinical evidence is produced. Fifth, an inordinate number of the anecdotes (I would not call them case studies) concern gay men. Kantor does not appear to have considered the socio-cultural, as opposed to clinical, causes of their behaviour. Sixth, the following clinical observation may give you pause: "Entirely unacceptable for some patients are treatment techniques that involve either sex with surrogates or the therapist watching the couple having sex so that he can make helpful, on-the-spot suggestions. This is especially true for obsessives ... and paranoids ... ." (p. 142) You may disagree that an aversion to being observed in coitus by one's therapist is a sign of a personality disorder! Despite some controversy over the term's legitimacy, I believe that APD warrants a serious and thorough study. It is a shame that this book does not sufficiently address APD in a way useful to clinician, student or patient.     