 This straight-to-video movie (not based on the book) is a strange mixture of the quite good and the rather bad. Filmed in Romania, it takes advantage of the wonderful old grand houses there, with their marble walls and floors and inlaid wood-work and gold leaf. (Perhaps also qualifying as "scenery" are the several gratuitous naked female torsos on view, which seem to be present only for commercial reasons.) However, it is shot in full-screen (4:3) and recorded in mono, so your expensive home theatre equipment will not do you much good. The story is archetypal for the modern vampire genre: a lone "good" vampire, a vampire enclave racked by resentment and power struggles, a bleak ending. The film makes few concessions to those unfamiliar with the tenets of the genre, which may cause a jarring effect. Full Moon Productions continue their tradition of casting the best actors in the supporting roles: Starr Andreeff is convincing in the tricky role of a human who serves the vampires from avaricious motives, while Kirsten Cerre manages to sustain a note of high terror through the second half of the film, believably and without becoming repetitive or shrill. Kudos also to the actors who play the parts of Cassandra, Dimitri and Anton. It would be great to see these actors in bigger and better productions. The two main parts, however, are miscast: the "hero" is callow and simply unconvincing (I kept expecting him to finish his lines with the word "dude"), while the "villain" is impressive, but with a rather humourless, one-note performance. The photography and lighting are mostly successful, the lighting achieving remarkably beautiful effects, but sometimes the techniques are classic "B-movie" stuff, with lurching hand-held shots and overuse of up-from-under angles, that cheapen the look of the film. The photographer has clearly come up with some great work-arounds for his budget limitations; if only these could have been applied more consistently. I should also mention the simple trick used to show the vampire travelling as a shadow, which actually worked well and suggested the techniques of the classic German expressionist films of the 1920s. On the other hand, in the props department, the "Sword of Laertes" seems to have no more weight than a plastic toy! The script veers in a similar fashion between poetic and silly. This film lets itself down in its opening and closing sequences: the opening sequence is confusing and looks rushed; the closing scene is abrupt and arbitrary. A little more time and attention here could have improved the effect of the whole film. Perhaps the greatest weakness of 'Vampire Journals' is its musical score, which was created on a synthesiser, and which plays almost continuously through the entire film. If the film had been allowed to breathe occasionally in stately silence its better qualities might have tipped the balance, making this a successful film, rather than an interesting failure.     