 Kubelik's 1963 rendering of Handel's Water Music and Fireworks Music has in recent years been made available at a bargain price on various labels. Apparently in its time this performance had some repute, but I don't know if I believe that. Then again, it so often seems to me that the Great Names of conducting often disappoint far more often than you would expect by the reputation and acclaim that accompanies them.  I am particularly aware of this discrepancy as I began my classical collection with many bargain bin discs, costing only two or three dollars each, and many of these "bargain" performances have yet to be surpassed in my experience. Of course, this has partly to do with the dubious origin of many of these discs. They originate from the shadow world of radio orchestras and performances - and by "shadow" I mean that the copyright ownership is in doubt. Possibly the pseudonymous conductors on Point Classics are famous names in other guises - or perhaps they are just a few of the conductors who were unable to flourish when Karajan's word was law in European music.  In this case, I compared Kubelik and the Berlin Philharmonic's performance of Handel's Water Music with that of Igor Ivanenko and the Philharmonica Symphony Orchestra (pseudonym?) on Prism Classics. [See MusicWeb's review of the "Immortal Classics" collection for more from this label.] The BPO's performance is the more expert, particularly in the horns - but the horns sound strangely distant, indicating that this is indeed a large orchestra. The winds can occasionally be heard, but are too often buried, and often seem entirely absent. The Philharmonica, on the other hand, has prominent woodwinds, and very nice they sound too. In pacing and dynamics, Ivanenko produces a warmly authentic sound, without veering to period extremes. Kubelik produces a fairly typical mid-20th century big orchestral sound, and a rather impersonal interpretation.  On a track-by-track comparison, it's difficult to judge, because the approaches are so different. However, for a pleasurably Baroque flavour and a more engaged interpretation, the Ivanenko wins. That disc, by the way, cost me only two dollars (and Australian dollars too!).  The Kubelik/BPO is also available at ASIN B0000012UN.     