 Early in the commentary track by the director, Antonia Bird, and the composer, Damon Albarn, Bird refers to this movie as "a satire". This movie is a period piece about murder and worse, set in a remote part of the American frontier - what exactly is it supposed to be satirising? Cannibalism? The mind boggles. This error of intent is a clue to the problem with this film.  There are many wonderful things about this movie. The cinematography is expert, the set design and costuming are convincingly detailed, and the major performances are all top-notch. The script has been modified and reduced to what I think is its most effective possible form. These factors combine in a manner that should be a terrific (and terrifying) movie experience. However, it doesn't quite work. The fault lies in the post-production, which presents the movie to the audience in an inappropriate way.  In the same commentary as above, Albarn continually describes this movie as looking very "European", as opposed to American (i.e. the United States and Hollywood in particular). His disdain is obvious: "European" film is synonymous with quality, perception, and depth, as opposed to "American" crudity, ignorance, and shallowness. The validity of his prejudice could be debated at length. The problem, however, is that this opinion has led to the creation of a musical soundtrack which is inappropriately ironic in tone.  During moments that should evoke great horror, revulsion and fear in the audience, the music remains above it all, with a dismissive "what fools these mortals be" attitude. Additionally, Albarn's pop music roots betray him: his music certainly is interesting, catchy and memorable (I found myself recalling several parts of it the next day), but it continually calls attention to itself, not only with its inappropriate attitude, but also with bizarre instrument choices, and vocals that confuse the viewer, who is unsure whether the voices originate from the characters or the music.  These problems continually pull the viewer "out" of the movie, telling them that they must watch with ironic detachment rather than emotional involvement, but the movie itself doesn't justify this attitude. It is _not_ a satire, but rather a period horror movie, which admittedly has a strong streak of black humour. This misunderstanding led to a problem discovered during test screenings - the previewers said that they were didn't know whether they were supposed to laugh at the movie or not. As noted above, this was the result of an inappropriate soundtrack. This fact was not recognised by the producers, who went in the opposite direction, trying to match the movie to its soundtrack. They inserted the comic "Eat me" quote at the beginning, married the title caption to a shot of the hero vomiting, and presented the rest of the credits in a similarly "zany" way - they whoosh on and off the screen like exhibitionist skiers.  This movie did not need sign-posts indicating "wacky ironic subtext!" What it needed was a dense orchestral score, a-la Jerry Goldsmith, to complement the eerie visuals and horrifying set pieces - amplifying this film's disturbing themes, not undermining them, and trusting the dark humour to look after itself. I don't anticipate anyone bothering to produce a suitable soundtrack, and reissue the film in a new, improved edition. All we can do is watch this ultimately disappointing end-product, and daydream about what might have been.     