 The story, briefly, is of a US submarine, patrolling the Atlantic during the Second World War, which picks up three survivors of a U-boat attack . Thereafter, strange occurrences and mechanical failures dog the crew, apparently linked to the recent death of the sub's commander, Captain Winters. The plot is an interesting twist on the standard ghost story, but contains a lot of stuff that will only be appreciated on repeated viewings, and since this movie sets itself up from the start as a popcorn flick, most of its target audience are unlikely to make the effort. The fact is that this movie is a disappointment to people familiar with the previous work of its writer and director. Pitch Black (dir. Twohy) was an underrated minor sci-fi classic that improved with repeated viewing; Pi (dir. Aronofsky) was an amazing first film effort, moody, quirky and confident, and obviously the product of a unique artistic vision.  The film, unfortunately, seems to have combined the least talents of the writer and director, rather than the greatest.  (I am not addressing the contribution of the third screenwriter Sussman, simply because I am not familiar with his work, and it seems fair to guess that as he was one of three writers, his contribution amounts to only a third of the final book.) Who Are All These People? How many characters are there in this film? Seems like at least thirty, and they each get at least a couple of lines, and most of them seem to be incorrigible scenery-chewers. As a result the movie is confusing, as the viewer doesn't know which characters and storylines are important, and which are just there as background. This is largely resolved at the beginning of the third act, when most of the crew is handily eliminated, but of the remainder there are still two or three actors who have not been differentiated enough for us to easily tell them apart. In a way this script seems to be merely a formal exercise in handling large numbers of characters on screen. Stand Still, Damn It! One thing I found initially off-putting about Pitch Black was its rapid intercutting of visually rich shots (what used to be called MTV-style, before it became the norm for movies). In that film the style eased off after a while, but in Below it seems the director is genuinely afraid of using any shot that lasts for more than one second. As a result, the viewer can _see_ what's on screen (if they don't blink), but they never get to _look_. The problem with this approach, particularly in this kind of film, is that the viewer is never allowed to be afraid of what _might_ happen on the screen, because there is _always_ something happening. There is always a jump cut, or hand-held camera work, or something jumping out at you. Instead of feeling as though you're stuck in a smelly tin can with thousands of tons of water pressing all around you, you're more likely to feel you're stuck in an editing suite with a hyperactive teenager. Oh, "Boo" Yourself Another reason modern thrillers and horror movies aren't scary (he said, sounding older and grumpier by the minute) is the mechanical use of "jolts" and "scares". It's like  a carnival ghost ride: sure, it gets the heart pumping and produces an instinctive panic reaction, but it's purely mechanical, an automatic reaction. Your body is scared, but your mind and your emotions (unless you're pre-adolescent) remain untouched. Below is identical to other films in this genre in this respect. Things jump out or crash loudly at regular five minute intervals. Twohy actually reshot one of the earlier scenes because he felt it needed an extra scare. So now the cupboard looks spooky, and then some clothes fall out if it, but at this point in the film we don't even know that there's anything to be afraid of, so why should we care? More to the point, why should something jumping out at me in the final climactic sequence have any impact on me at all, when things have been going bang for no reason all the way through? I could write a long essay comparing Below with the recently released Starship Troopers 2, which explores similar situations and themes. The latter film, with a fraction of the budget, is the more successful, because it largely avoids the problems examined above. I suppose the criticisms I've made could be applied to hundreds of movies made in the last decade, and perhaps I'm a fool to expect anything exceptional, but, in terms of directing and writing talent, this movie had the potential to be much more than the usual collection of trailer moments. Can Twohy escape from the "Hollywood slick" style in his next project? Would this film have been better if Twohy and Aronofsky had swapped roles? One thing I'll give them credit for, they didn't resort to the "last gasp" shock at the end - anyone else would've had Cpt. Winters suddenly launch himself out of the sea at the end of the last reel, just so the hero could put a couple of bullets in him or set him on fire or something... Small mercies. 3 stars for technical achievement. (End note: When Claire Paige snoops around the captain's cabin, was I the only one who said "Hey, she must be the Nazi spy they're looking for"? And what _was_ all that stuff about the hydrogen? I didn't follow that at all.)     