 This book was one of the early blockbusters of the field.  In the late 70s it and the Thomas Covenant books paved the way for the increasing popularity of Fantasy through the 80s (further carried along by the Eddings books, and others).  For this alone the book deserves a place in the Fantasy hall of fame.  The story itself is one that has been told before (the journey of the hero), and the plot is not original, and while the twist at the end seemed original to me upon first reading, I can no longer say if truly was original, only that to me it was quite a surprise.  I liked the book and its successors in my early teens, and read them several times.  Unfortunately, one of the main claims about this book is that it plagiarizes another, specifically, The Lord of the Rings.  Hmmm.  Some of the claims insist there is point for point plot consistency with tLotR.  Hmmm.  Plagiarism is when one person takes the words of another and exactly copies them for their own use without attribution and/or permission.  There are no passages in the tSoS that exactly copy anything in tLotR.  Copying of a plot is not plagiarism, it is copying a plot.  It is not a good thing, but it is not plagiarism.  However, there are many plot dissimilarities between tLotR and tSoS, and so I do not believe they are plot copies of each other.  For one, there is no Saruman character falling in with the enemy on stage in this book (oh, yes, there is Brona, but he's not actually in tSoS, but existed in the milieu's early history, and that is not the same).  I would say the nature and character of the "Evil Force" in the two novels are entirely different (although this is not a plot point).  The device behind the destruction of the "Evil Force" survives in tSoS, but not tLotR.  One of the major plot elements of tLotR is "lost king returns to rightfully claim the throne," story line with Aragorn.  This does not exist in tSoS.  Then there is the whole Shire issue at the end of tLotR where the hobbits must free their lands.  This does not exist in tSoS.  The transformation of Gandalf and his status in Middle Earth due to the battle with the balrog in Moria does not have an analog with Allanon in tSoS (not to mention that Gandalf is the spirit of a god in the body of a mortal and that Allanon really is a mortal, with mortal problems and mortal concerns, despite his sorcerous longevity and skills).  As for the presence of elves, dwarves and their various symbologies and mannerisms, that is not copying Tolkien; it's more like copying the same mythological histories that Tolkien himself copied from (and indeed many other Fantasy authors copy from).  If they did not copy from these myths, modern Fantasy would look and feel considerably different than it does today.  I personally cheer on such copying, as long as it is done well.  There are also many points that seem, on the face of it, to be copying, but on deeper analysis, are not.  Take both Frodo and Shea's injuries and difficulties at differing points in their respective books.  This may seem to be an exact plot copy.  In the considerable amount I've read, though, main characters are injured and put out of action and/or placed themselves and their friends in serious jeopardy so many times I can't count them.  It's as standard a feature of stories today in all fields that any one novel can't be called to special account for it without hitting them all equally.  From all this, the originality of tSoS may be called into question.  But then again, so can the originality of tLotR.  I say both novels are original and sterling works of Fantasy that have helped the entire field become what it is today.  Without them, nothing would have been the same.  I liked this book, and felt my money was well spent.     