 Sol Bianca originally came to us from two OVAs (Original Video Animations) in the early 90s.  These two stories told of a Sol Bianca much further along in its history than is depicted in the current video releases, which pick up the story at least one and possibly many years earlier, when May was not yet a part of the crew (she joins in episode 1).  Yet, as fans of some of the best OVA series of a decade ago are discovering as these stories are remade into new modern OVA series, there are often many points of story and character redesign, in many ways a retelling of the story in a different way.  Whether the new Sol Bianca OVA series ever converges back with its original OVA heritage is a matter that may only be resolved as time goes by.  I'm quite surprised by the depths of storytelling in the new OVA series.  It is also very Japanese in that from the beginning of episode 1, it is clear that the whole story will not be revealed until many episodes have passed, if not until the end of the set.  One must watch, wait, absorb, and above all, think, in order to appreciate this series.  Episode 1: We are swept back into Sol Binaca's past (in comparison to the original OVAs) where the new OVA begins on a backwater left-behind former frontier world.  In the first three minutes a stiring montage of scenes from April's history roll out, setting the stage and placing the foundation for all the storylines.  This continues for all of them, in bits and pieces, hints and possibilities, droppped here and there.  The main plot is set up to introduce us to those who will obviously be the recurring villains of the series.  We are also introduced to some important world-building information not previously available that begins to explain a great many things.  Episode 2: The crew is off to a planet where treasure might be found, but the Blue Comets are hot on their heels.  We learn important new background information about the history of the setting and about June and about the history of the setting.  I felt my money was well spent here.     