 I must say, I started playing D2C (Diablo 2 Classic) 14 months ago.  I bought LOD (Lord of Destruction expansion) on its release date.  Both games, are, if like nothing else,... There are many features and aspects of the game that will make you come back to play over and over again, as indeed I've done, often to the exclusion of many other important things in my life.  Which is why this coming weekend, I'm giving both D2C, and D2:LOD away (CDs and online Battlenet accounts) to a friend, and I will never play again. Why do I depart from something that is so much fun?  Because it is not always so fun.  There are as many features of the game that I hate as I enjoy. A full explanation would require a thesis sized document, but I'll hit the highlights. 1: Hackers and Cheating: Computer hackers who exploit loopholes in online-network-play computer code achieve stunning advantages for themselves, both in game play and in creation of false "duplicate" items.  Dups, as they're called, are literally materialized out of thin air through trickery for the purpose of avoiding actually playing the game for long periods of time (the best items in the game drop rarely).  Hackers thus either build up large inventories of fakes (which can disappear later like mythical fool's gold), or create temporary dups for use in trading in order to trick people into giving up their "real" high-quality items for nothing. 2: Bad Attitude: There are a lot of socially maladjusted computers geeks and eight and nine year old children running around in online play (actually, they come from all walks of life).  They share one common trait, plain outright rudeness, a complete lack of consideration for others, and a lack of any detectable self-respect.  For instance, a wide-spread activity online currently (04/24/02) is begging.  Yes, begging.  Begging has always been a part of the game, as low-level characters (played by the highly lazy or highly impatient) go around asking for item hand-outs from high level characters in order to jump-start the progress of their characters through the game.  However, now, a new form of begging has become vastly predominant.  Begging for "rushing".  "Rushing" is an activity that's been around for a while, but now it's nearly universal.  A high level character joins up with a brand new character, and uses their enormous stats to carve a path directly through the minimum requirements necessary to complete every part of the game at standard difficulty.  With the infamous Map-Hack (see my discussion of Hacker and Cheating above), a high level character can take a low level character through the whole standard game in ten to fifteen minutes, sometimes less if lucky.  The next two higher difficulty levels (where the monsters are all tougher and meaner), are also quickly disposed of.  The purpose of doing all this (what do you do with a low level character at the end of the game where one hit from the weakest monster would splat the character into a bloody pulp . . .)? 3: Gaming Environment: The way the game is currently set up, there is enormous incentive to simply have a low level character rushed through all three difficulty levels of the game, and then create a special game in what was previously and usually a one-shot joke/bonus/feature called the "Secret Cow Level".  This highly amusing area of game play features upright walking cows wielding very large axes (pole-arms, actually, to be accurate).  These cows run around the board, and moo-moo sound effects are going off left and right, it's all good for great laughs.  There are lots and lots of Cows, a huge density of monsters in packs, and they deal enormous damage and can be quite dangerous.  However, if you avoid killing the "Cow King" special monster, you can play again and again.  Why?  It's the monster-density.  There are more monsters in a single area on the Secret Cow level than anywhere else.  This huge density of monsters yields up large amounts of experience.  Joining this game at very low levels can cause a new character to advance many levels in a single game.  In only hours, a character can be two thirds of the way toward maximum level, and have only had the character sit off in a corner, not participating, "leeching" experience away from active participants.  Yes, that's another feature of the game, people can advance their characters on the backs of other player's labors.  It falls under Bad Attitude above, and is a problem so bad that I skipped detailing it so I could cut this down by a page or two (along with also skipping the reason people go around duplicating items so rampantly, so they can sell them for actual $$ on ebay, some people have reported raking in $20,000; so there is substantial motivation to cheat this way, which further affects the Game Environment, and results from Cheating and Hacking and Bad Attitude). 4: Lack of Character Management: This whole game is about advancing your character by playing the game.  You kill the monsters, and pick up cool items to equip your character so they can deal with ever bigger and more dangerous threats until all three difficulty levels are completed (three runs through the game facing ever tougher and meaner monsters).  However, each character has very little "room", or storage space to hold onto these items.  If you find something that might be useful for another character you have, you must resort to a variety of non-completely reliable methods of moving the items around (which can often result in heartbreaking disappointment when that unreliability rears its ugly head and erases your hard won items).  There is, simply put, no feature of the game to alleviate this, and as far as I can tell, there never will be.  The pack rat in me simply can't take it.  The good stuff I find, I must keep, and that's simply quite impossible in D2. 5: Time: Finally, as I mentioned above, D2 is taking up vast amounts of my time . . . yes, that's right, despite the problems I've outlined above, I still played, just not anymore.     