   John Barnes assembles a vision of the future in the best tradition of true science fiction visionaries.    What happens if society decides to experiment on itself by altering the fundamental manner in which it raises its children, with the intent of producing vastly smarter and more responsible youngsters capable of entering the workforce at an earlier age with adult-like attitudes and skill sets that would make a modern college graduate green with envy?  What happens to the adults upon whom the responsibility falls to raise the children in such a manner?    Whatever does happen, it had better work, because the Earth is failing rapidly as a result of ecological warfare on an unheard of scale, with the biosphere's state swinging first one way, then another.    Mankind needs new crews to man the great interplanetary transports that are hoped will be able to ship enough people off Earth and enough food back to keep everything from the brink of collapse, and the only way to get enough competent crew, crew who are willing to spend their lives in space and want to stay there, indeed, have every reason to stay there, are to raise them there, so that is their home from the beginning.    And how do you get a crew like that quicker than the 25 to 30 years a typical top-flight astronaut takes to develop?  You take a new system of learning that completely revolutionizes the education process.  The technical results are impressive, but the social results are interesting, to say the least.    The characters of the novel are the children of the experiment, and a few adults.  For the most part, it is a coming of age story told anew, for it is a coming of age to adulthood far earlier than any children in history.  It is told with bright-eyed clarity and absolute precision.  The author tells of pre-adolescence from the point of view of those going through it.    The technology, its assumptions, and the society built by the expediency of need, and its assumptions, all drive the combination of assertions that create the knitted whole that is Orbital Resonance.    Those who are well-read enough to know of Alexi Panshin's book Rite of Passage (Nebula Award winner for best novel, 1969), will appreciate this book even more.    Orbital Resonance was a Nebula Award nominee for best novel, 1992.     