 (I own the 2nd edition of this book - but this will serve as a warning for the current edition) I had to use the Deitel series for introductory course in OOP.  If you love the concise style of "The C Programming Language" by Kernigan and Ritchie, you will certainly hate this book. From the students I have spoken to, most of the people who love this book are the ones who love copying the portions of text to get the homework done.  For beginners, this approach is disastrous.  The codes are very sloppily written and too specific to the examples given.  If you are "concepts" driven programmer, you know that this is no way to learn a language.  I rate very high in the programming courses I have taken, and I assure you that this book is the wrong way to approach programming if you are a beginner. The book is verbose and never fails to be a poor reference material.  The index seems to be generated automatically - I suppose the authors themselves had a hard time sifting through this thick book to make any sense in the end.  I find this quality fatal to any programming reference.  Take this entry for example: friend, 371, 373, 381 friend, 382-383,387,395-396, 433, 450, 468, 486, 494, 521, 527, 543, 554, 648, 659-660 friend function, 432 friend function, 466, 474, 524, 535 ...and so on.  These were amusing when I first purchased the book, not so amusing when I had a program submission due in three hours! Some may appreciate the following comments:  The book is heavy - it is printed on shiny paper, which makes it hard to read under some lighting conditions (it also has less traction on pencils, which I am particularly picky about...).  It uses color for almost every page for no apparent reason except to drive up the price of print.  Also because of the type of paper used, it is much heavier than some other books.  Anyone with a modicum of taste will hate the cheesy ant characters and horrible cover design. The format of the book is extremely sloppy.  Codes that can easily fit in one page is cut in half (I'd rather read these codes in a 12inch monitor than flip back and forth through the pages!).  Another annoying aspect is the sidelines that appear in almost every page.  Soon you will find yourself swimming in bits of incomplete codes and tips and tricks that are REPEATED at the end of the chapter.  I think footnotes are less obtrusive.  The book is very unprofessionally done and will leave you with a bad taste of kitsch in your mouth after your semester is over. I now keep this book as a memento of how a book can cause headache, back-injury, and lighter wallet - all at the same time.     