 The audience is led by two characters, Princess Nausicaa and Princess Kushana, into a bitter war fought between the Dorok Empire and the Torumekia Kingdom - the remaining human population which survived the global holocaust which left the world so polluted, the human race is on a brink of extinction. While Miyazaki's many brilliant works alludes to his idea of egalitarian society based on agriculture (which he deems to be the harmony between man and nature), Nausicaa series remains to far surpass the rest, both in depth and scope (This could not have been achieved by a 90 minute film).  The world in the story is thoroughly thought out, especially the many distinct cultures (Dorok religion, Torumekian capitalism, Wormhandler tribes, etc.).  The battle scenes are meticulously choreographed (the Third Army's cavalry attack on Dorok seige guns is the most notable).  The characters are likable (yes, they are Miyazaki's archetype characters  - but they are used well) and intelligent in their own ways. One thing to note is that, contrary to some previous posts, Miyazaki does give a thorough presentation on the discussion of the roles of humanity in the facets of technology, environment, morality, and religion.  He questions his own views and relentlessly tests his characters - a reader who only reads the first volume will not understand Nausicaa's feelings of anger, isolation and guilt (and finally, a resolution) presented throughout the story.  Perception of what is "nature" is also radically challenged in the story.  It does not matter that you agree or disagree with his ideas - in fact, the fact that you can disagree with his ideas (I don't subscribe to his ideals, for one) only means that there is actually something of substance to argue about! (unlike some hollow entertainment) While the book is quite old, it is far from dated in terms of science fiction, especially with constant progress in biotechnology foreshadowing many of the technologies presented in the book (such as human genetic engineering, bioremediation, biological warfare, genome preservation, and neural network computers). I do recommend purchasing the entire set (4 books in English) to see what I mean.  As for the translation (I have read both in Japanese and English), it is surprisingly decent, given the amateurish nature of most of manga translation.  Also, the quality of translation seems to be a little inconsistent between volumes, and some portion simply lacks the intensity and rhythm of the dialogues in the original. The smaller print does save money, but the images had diminished impact compared to the original big print.  My major complaint (and I say this to almost all the translation) is that the book is printed BACKWARDS - why go through such labor when the original format will do just fine??  This silly practice is annoying, where everyone is left handed  - and at most is a little insulting to mutilate someone's work just for the sake of Western convention.     