 You know that as an adult gamer, you must also concern yourself to not look ridiculous and have your tastes be questioned...this sounds shallow, but you know this is still important.  ;) As for its appearance, PS2 has by far the best case design that would fit nicely in any living room.  It is slim, and can be stood upright if more surface area is needed for other AV equipments.   (for people concerned with details, black is a sensible color which will not clash, and the plastic has very good textures)  Another well thought-out feature is the tray-loading system, which means you can fit the unit in a very narrow space (read: it will not stand out unless you want it to).   The competing Xbox has the ugliest design (not bland, but U G L Y):  it is very, very big, and it has a silly printed sticker covered with clear plastic dome that will easily scratch (just look at store demos) - it will remind you and your guests those poorly-put together toys.   As for the GameCube, it is purple - that should be bad enough...but it is also (almost) cubic, which will sit nicely with your lego sets and Fisher-Price toys, where it should be kept. I have owned the console for about half a year now.  Looking at some of the earlier reviews, Sony seems to have fixed all of the problems that were mentioned in this forum - I experience no problems with the controllers nor the DVD player function. For those who don't already own a DVD player, it functions adequately to watch occasional rental Disks.  Unfortunately (for those people in the know), it will not play VCDs nor DVDs from foreign countries.  And plan to buy a dedicated remote - the dualshock controllers serve this purpose poorly (it is counterintuitive and some buttons are redundant).  I have used this as the sole DVD player in the house, and I have no problems viewing any of the discs I own or rented. As an adult gamer, the titles available for PS2 are great.  Some good PC games are being ported to PS2, and I see that it has not been watered down (so far).  It even has Firewire (IEEE1392) and USB ports which means many of the modern computer peripherals can be used with PS2 in the future (mouse, specialized controllers, and keyboards are already supported by some games).  In the future, HDs, IP capability, and Linux will be available (I hope....I hear that this is already available overseas). Unfortunately, some good titles are now owned by Microsoft, who will be using this to market their own console, the Xbox (e.g. Halo).  What is ironic is that what will bring the Xbox's demise is the PC gaming market, which runs on Windows themselves.  Why would anyone with a decent PC want to bother buying an Xbox?  PC is by far the most versatile gaming platform available.  Additionaly, PSX has an unparalleled number of titles in the console market, which PS2 can play because of its backward compatibility.  (Interestingly, PS2 can perform 3D surface smoothing and loading time acceleration on the existing PSX games.) In summary: *Buy GameCube for your kids (under the age of 12). *Buy Xbox if you own lots of Microsoft stock and likes horribly ugly things. *For the rest of us, there is only PS2 (*if you are in the poorhouse, why are you wasting your money on console games?  Pay off those debts first!)     