 I had this laptop for almost a month now.  The heat was never unbearable - while the palm rest does get warm, I cannot call this hot.  If you plan to use your laptop for an extended period of time, I highly recommend an external keyboard and a bigger monitor - then the heat and small screen becomes a nonissue. That said, the 12 in monitor is wonderful - I can comfortably read and work on quite a variety of tasks.  Color, as far as I can tell, is pretty accurate.  You can attach a much larger monitor for work that requires large screen estate, as I do.  With extended desktop (ala Xinerama), you have a dual monitor setup!  OS X is quite capable in this aspect, and does remember the settings for different monitors that I attach it to (X11 needs a little more work on extended desktop - some X applications can't take advantage of two screens).  I do have a complaint that you need to carry an extra dongle to attach external monitor - I've had quite a few times when I forgot to bring the dongle to my work.  But that's a minor issue. Processor speed is acceptable for almost all the work.  Firewire support is wonderful - This solves much of my storage problems.  Bluetooth support allowed me to wirelessly dial into to modem pool (using T68i, but it is slow) and use my phone as a remote (okay, that's a toy).  Wifi worked without a hitch with various routers (Dell and DLink).  Printing is a snap to configure, unlike my linux box.  I must admit that the hardware integration is FAR superior to my Dell WinXP box.  To those that still have some strange grudge against Apple - you HAVE to own this laptop to appreciate how smoothly this thing works in a mixed environment.  Comes with adequate development environment and my analysis tool (R, Bioconductor, etc.) compiled properly, albeit a few tweaks were requied.  Some useful things (like pybliographic and xgobi) didn't work well, but there are multitudes of other tools that can replace them.  If you are thinking about playing video games on this machine, please, DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON A LAPTOP.  Buy a desktop instead.  This laptop is definitely not for casual users. For people who say one can get more function in other models - as any truly seasoned laptop user will tell you, that in a portable environment, a little bells and whistles won't save you if the core function fails when you are about to give a presentation (a very ugly sight), or working at a remote location.  Usability and dependability is far more important to a laptop than an ability to attach a little toy here and there (that is a desktop mentality).  This is NOT a desktop replacement, although it can nearly be one with proper peripherals. My coworkers balked at the price tag at first, then when I started to actually accomplish so many tasks using it, they became impressed by the quality of the product and agreed that the price was reasonable.  I saw a Dell laptop that costs 1kUsd more which had questionable quality - this PB is solid.  I highly recommend this laptop to anyone who is looking for versatility without compromising on quality. Note to Asian language users - foreign language display AND input(incl. Chinese, Japanse, and Korean) is PERFECT on this OS - especially Japanese.  This is not trivial as XP and Linux cannot handle foreign language half as well, and if you are bilingual or trilingual, you *need* this platform.     