 I wasn't expecting much from this DVD after suffering through the horrible "Director's Cut"-style editing of "Matrix: Reloaded" (despite the Wachowsky brothers' enthusiasm for Japanese anime, they have not caught on to the philosophy of minimalism).  However, I feel that they have redeemed themselves with this creative effort through their favorite medium - anime. What is so brilliant about this collection?  It would help to remember all the movie-based cartoons that were aired on TV.  The animators were restricted to plots that were solely made to market the franchise (do you remember any Star Wars based cartoon that left any impresson on you?).  The results were invariably a derivative of the live-action original.  Instead, the brothers respectfully allowed each producers to interpret their world in the producer's own style.  The result is simply amazing - the collection's central theme is a framework rather than restriction, and the creativity and the skills of these animators really shine through. The collection is good for the most part.  There are some weak points:  Matriculated relied too much on visual elements that were better told in spoken words (besides, robots do understand words and reason, don't they?  And so does the audience).  Detective Story was stylish but got choppy and was hastily ended at the scene on the train.  The Program was the most disappointing, with many repeating visual elements that points to lack of effort, and the quality falls far short of the producer's earlier work, "Cowboy Bebop".  The rest is okay. The most outstanding work is "The Second Renaissance I & II".  It deals with the one of the main theme of the Matrix series - the fraility of human kind.  The compressed imagery has the pace of an Osamu-styled (a la "The Phoenix") manga - many of the scenes are taken from our recent history but re-styled for cohesive storytelling.  This will explain why many young viewers will not understand the message that is conveyed by the choice of imagery.   Also, the origins of the idea of interdependence of man and machine (also presented in Matrix2) is presented as the rational extension that follows the miseries brought on by both sides - an idea that confused many revieweres here.   As far as violent nature of the imageries goes - since many images are re-take of the actual events in human history (just replace humans with robots), it is far from gratuitous and it is meant to get your hands dirty.  I would understand that children and the undereducated will have a hard time understanding this.  That said, just take it easy and enjoy the ride, this is simply an entertainment!     