 "Disappearing Acts" is by far one of the most powerful books that I have ever read that had a lasting impact because of the well developed themes that constantly arose from beginning to end. Women's issues were divulged, the weaknesses of the Black male were brought to light, relationship abuse was exposed and most of all poverty in a brought sense closes out some of the key themes in this novel. I read this book ten years ago when it was first released with no prior knowledge of the author or the type of book that I was getting into. I read an excerpt from ESSENCE magazine and was immediately intrigued and it lead me to believe that the book was a captivating love story. Was I prepared for what I was about to read? Probably not. However, because of Terry McMillan's tremendous writing skills, I was totally engaged once I began to read this novel, the story of Zora and Franklin and their love-hate relationship. This book was an eye opener and enlightened me about relationships that are doomed from the start and how it can eventually lead to destruction as both parties slowly destroy each other due to  unresolvable conflicts. Zora and Franklin are no exception and the role that each plays is representative of what can happen in a relationship between two people like Zora and Franklin. Zora, a Black career-oriented female is in a relationship with a Black high-school drop out who can't hold a job and is full of empty promises. Needless to say one can't build a relationship on dreams and illusions and eventually Zora's success becomes the source of Franklin's jealousy and anger which in my mind turned the relationship into a verbally, physically and sexually abusive one. Without providing more detail for fear of revealing all the good aspects of the book, this is highly recommended reading if you are interesting in some insight on what happens in some Black relationships and relationships on the whole for that matter but written from the point of view of Black author who had a very powerful message to convey. I read this book twice and I am considering a third time may be in Spanish just to diversify. This is highly recommended reading.     