 This book is a fascinating journey through the history of the Dominican Republic from the time of recorded discovery by Christopher Columbus in 1492 to present day historical events. "Quisqueya la Bella" is an enlightening historical book that vividly describes the history and culture of a caribbean nation that is usually overshadowed by most historians but whose history, if known and understood, definitely answers the many questions about Dominicans, dominican culture, the Caribbean and caribbean people in general. As a person of caribbean heritage, I consider the study and understanding of any caribbean country of vital importance since all have many elements in common. After my first visit to the DR in 1997 and many thereafter, I realized the immediate need to understand as much as possible about the history and culture of this diverse caribbean nation.  Alan Cambeira's book is an eye-opener and definitely answered many questions that I had. It also provided historical and cultural details that were foreign to my knowledege. The book will give you insight to the the mixture of the three cultures that compose the demographic make up of Dominicnas- the Indigenous, the African and the European Spanish, racial issues- which still need to be dealt with today by Dominican themselves, the relationship between the Dominican Republic and Haiti-very controversial, the many years of dictatorship under Trujillo and the present day situation of the country.  An added feature of this book was explanation of the "dominicanismos", language particular to Dominicans that is heard in everyday speech, written in newspapers and magazines and most commonly heard in songs whose meaning is not always understood if you are not a native or have not previously been exposed to dominican culture.  Overall the book was well written and is not laden with irrevelant historical dates and details but rather factual, true and educational. Definitely a must read for anyone who plans to visit the DR or has already visited, is of caribbean heritage, Dominicans themselves or simply anyone who would like to learn more about "Quisqueya la Bella". A wonderful documentation!     