 I like the way Alan Cambeira starts this historical, social and cultural presentation by identifying Quisqueya because as stated many people still do not know where this island is in the Caribbean. That is important before going into details because it establishes the bases for understanding its history, culture and people. Also, I like the title-Quienes son los Dominicanos - a question I don't even think most Dominicans can answer but the book lays out a clearer path to an answer.   It's difficult to contextualize many years of history into an informative overview but Alan Camberia has managed to make this a valuable and insightful presentation of Quisqueya and los dominicanos. More availability of reading material that treats the subject matter at hand is definitely needed in order to bring Quisqueya to the forefront. Its history is unique and its social and cultural diversity makes reading this textbook enjoyable for students and good reading material of general interest.   Each chapter is divided into sub-chapters that briefly cover historical, political and social content about the Dominican Republic starting from discovery to present day. The detail is not exhaustive but thorough enough to paint a clear picture of the DR from colonization to its struggle for independence. The author reveals the strife, upheaval, turmoil, its relationship with Haiti and progression over the years until the DR finally became independent 1844. If you know the history of the DR, you will definitely appreciate this overview. If you are learning about its history for the first time, this reading material is a valuable simplified version that gives you a clear orientation of progression from colonization. Two added bonuses are the cultural and social perspectives which are important components of a country's history as well.   The timing of the historical overview is key as the country enters into a new four-year period with Leonel Fernandez (as of August 16, 2004) after the country has faced it's worst set back in years under Hipolito Mejia. Keep this book handy as you watch how the Dominican Republic's new government and people rise to challenge that lies ahead.      