 I could only imagine the type of fieldwork and research involved in putting together such a thorough, accurate and detailed resource about Puerto Rican Spanish. I always hoped to ascertain a reference that is as specific meaning Spanish spoken by a particular group (socio linguistics) since the Spanish language is so diverse. I stumbled across this book in Latin bookstore and have been analyzing it chapter by chapter to appreciate the depth that it offers.  To be able to benefit from Digalo bien and even possibly auto correct your own Spanish you must keep in mind it is NOT a grammar book. So don't expect grammatical explanations to concepts covered. The book is broken down thematically. Meaning it covers errors in Puerto Rican Spanish as it relates to lexicology, morphology, syntax, etc.  One aspect that was immediately evident is that the errors referenced are common in Caribbean Spanish in general (this includes Cuba and the Dominican Republic) as well in many other Spanish-speaking countries. There is historical context behind this linguistic phenomenon as well.   The book reveals many anglicisms and false cognates in Puerto Rican Spanish and how the meaning differs in one language to another. I also found the section on incorrect verb usage extremely helpful and accurate in which an answer to an age hold question about a phenomenon common in Spanish speakers regardless of educational levels was answered. As well great detail was provided about the incorrect usage of words like "de" and "que" very common among Spanish speakers.   The last few chapters cover basic overall observations, not category specific for example vocabulary in Spanish that tends to confuse speakers and its incorrect usage, nationality in Spanish (but of the city. For example someone from Arecibo is "arecibeno") and also there is a mini test at the end.   This reference is ideal for those who have mastered the Spanish language at a high level, for native speakers who want to polish their Spanish, linguistics majors, socio-linguistics majors and anyone who wants to know more pragmatic aspects about Spanish.      