 As controversial as his novels may be I think Jaime Bayly has written an exceptional story. El huracan lleva tu nombre depicts not only Jaime's unique style of prose but also confirms his ability to combine polemic themes with underlying sensitivity that is manifested by the characters in the novel. Jaime's principal theme differs slightly in comparison to his other works. Instead of the protagonist struggling only with his homosexuality in this novel Gabriel struggles with his bisexuality. As the love story unfolds between the three main characters Gabriel-Sofia-Sebastian, the reader learns about the inner torment that Gabriel has to face because of society's intolerance to his sexual orientation. Gabriel is a typical Jaime Bayly protagonist who is tormented and struggles on a personal and social level better known as homophobic discrimination as described by the protagonist. Desperate to leave Lima but not happy in Miami the quest to find personal and professional gratitude becomes a battle while he dates a woman, Sofia and craves for a man, Sebastian and eventually many others. The time frame of the story is 1992 during the time of Hurricane Andrew in Miami.     Jaime Bayly also taps into the hypocrisy in Peruvian society as Gabriel's mom is a loyal member of Opus Dei and her concern is what others think about her son and the family's image- cucufateria. Don't do this, don't do that, what will others think etc. The fathers in this novel both Sofia's and Gabriel's are pathetic characters but also stereotypes as well. Sofia's father is divorced from her mother, left the family and Lima to live in isolation. He does not have a close relationship with Sofia or her sister and attempts to kill himself but is unsuccessful. Gabriel resents his father for his ill treatment towards him when he was young which Sofia believes is the reason for his inclination towards men because he was neglected by his father but insists that her "Gabriel" is not bisexual.     Their relationship is definitely a hurricane as they struggle to stay together against all odds and obstacles. However, due to Gabriel's inclinations and Sofia needs, the two eventually go their separate ways but not after going through life's most daring experience that of giving birth to a child in spite of their turbulent relationship. This novel definitely confirms that all kinds of love; heterosexual, homosexual and bisexual has its trials and tribulations. The constant struggle between Gabriel and Sofia makes this love-hate relationship a moving story and an easy identifiable. From the onset the reader grows with the characters as they constantly experience emotional turmoil. The hurricane is definitely the shaky relationship in itself and its name is Sofia (according to Gabriel) because of all the ups and downs he experiences is with her. Jaime Bayly has triumphed with this novel and it will stand strong in the face of all critique.     