 (. . . or the three women, or the boy, or the cat . . . .) Sorry, I won't explain the title of my review, but if you're a Jerome K. Jerome fan, you'll find yourself grinning about 3/4 of the way through this terrific story (which you should now purchase and enjoy, by the way). Ms. Klausner and Mr. Jordin have already done a superb job in recounting the essentials of this fun Jane Lindskold story, so I'll try not to repeat what they've already posted.  The Buried Pyramid starts out like a pleasant Victorian historical novel (a la Cecille Holland), incorporates a bit of mystery (with nods to Poe and Doyle), and then roars off into pure Lindskold fantasy country. You can tell Lindskold has a doctorate in English, because it's all done just so . . . and you can tell she has a sense of humor because, well, while it's always a fun read, it's often a funny one. The Buried Pyramid's 399 pages flew by in a couple of days, very much brightening up a vacation weekend. The exciting story was told, as I've said, just so, and the ending could not have been more satisfying . . . however, I'll be very disappointed if I don't see some of these characters again (at least in a short story). While The Buried Pyramid doesn't leave you hanging on the limb for a sequel (remember Dan Simmons' first Hyperion release? Aaargh! I know it wasn't his fault, though.), I really enjoyed its main characters, and I'm not ready to part with them yet.  This is not the darker Lindskold, The Buried Pyramid is more Lord Demon than it is Donnerjack. Frankly, that brighter feel was welcome on my vacation weekend. I eagerly bought Pyramid as soon as it hit the shelf, wanting a fix of this terrific author's work before Wolf Captured (Book 4 in the Firekeeper Saga) is released in Nov 2004, and it was money well-spent. Hopefully it will hold me until November! It seems evident that Tor is taking good care of their wise investment in Lindskold: I was pleased to see the great cover art for The Buried Pyramid and I felt the title page (I wanted to say "frontispiece," but that wouldn't be correct) and chapter heading illustrations by Edward Murr were breathtaking - much nicer than anything you usually see. The artwork is a wonderful entry into the book - it's nice to see Tor is making sure to draw the public's attention to its excellent authors.  One other thing: I'm a gun nut and my undergrad degree was in history. I am one nit-picky individual when it comes to period pieces!!! I do not recall finding a single firearm or history error (they always drive me nuts - I hate it when ignorant writers have their heros screwing silencers on revolvers, etc.) in The Buried Pyramid. In fact, I was delighted to see that small firearms details were included correctly. Lindskold thanks her archeologist husband for the weaponry advice (I'm sure he assisted on the archeology details, too) - well, she evidently relies on the right guy. Well done!     