 In my opinion, nothing is quite like shopping for a new cordless.  Its a risky investment.  First there's the phone itself, then you have to worry about batteries, and then static from neighbors.  Well, I am happy to say, this phone has got just what I need, at the price I like, with features that are just right.  This is a two handset 2.4 ghz phone.  One base plugs into the phone socket, and the second base just needs an electrical outlet.  With a two story house, this additional handset has quickly become my favorite feature.  We keep one handset downstairs and the other is upstairs.  Can't beat that!  The colors on the phone are different that I'm use to, but they are pleasant in person and seem to blend in well with my neutral decor.  The keypad and caller id screen are illuminated in soft orange light when buttons are pushed or the phone is ringing.  I like that each phone can have a 'name'.  You can program each phone with any text you like.  For example, one phone's display reads "Downstairs" and the other is "upstairs".  I never have to wonder if one floated to the wrong floor.  The intercom phone to phone feature is a nice bonus as well as the built in speakerphone on each handset.  No more do I have to use my shoulder to hold the phone if I'm changing a diaper.  Just press 'speakerphone' and the caller is amplified.  Its a feature I never had before, but now would not want to be without.  I started shopping for a new phone when our new neighbors moved in and our 900 mhz started going haywire.  I have yet to experience any feedback, hissing, or picking up others calls.  I'm happy with the sound quality.  My only reservation about this phone prior to purchasing, was another review that stated the caller ID wouldn't allow you to call back a specific call if your area required an area code or 1 prefix.  Although its lacking from the instruction manual, when reviewing a number from the caller id list, you just have to push the # key.  For example, my local calling area requires the 1 prefix and the area code.  If I want to call someone back from the caller ID, I scroll to the number, then press the # key and it adds the digits I need.  The batteries for this phone are AAA rechargeables.  I like that.  Too many times I have searched for replacement cordless phone batteries and paid too much!  I expect these batteries will last longer, and be more economical in the long run.  Lastly, purchasing this phone didn't break the bank.  I'm completely happy with my purchase.  The only negatives I could even think of, are (1) When I'm trying to unclip the phone from my back pocket,  I often hit the volume switch while trying to remove the phone from my pocket.   (2) When programming the phone (ex. adding a number to the phone book or selecting one of the 10 different ring patterns) there is a confirmation beep that sounds when you have completed the programming.  Its quite loud, can't be muffled if the belt clip is in place, and doesn't seem to be affected by the phone's volume levels.  Its only when you're making a change to the programming, but its still loud.  That's it.  Hope this helps you decide.     