 So far, we've put about 6 hours of playtime into this game. While that may not be enough to give a complete review of this game, I will give my input this far. If your child likes the movie or books about Curious George and can handle gaming that requires an intermiate + skill level -- and you don't mind being handy to help with some of the trickier maneuvers, this is a good game.  My 4 y/o is not yet a PS 2 master, but I am happy to see games developed that are geared towards his age (Dora, Franklin, etc). We have been reluctant to try many other titles because most require a high degree of skill (i.e. frustration results).  Curious George opens in the jungle and he can climb, jump, double jump, swing, slide, crawl, and bounce his way through this (and the other levels - 12) to follow and eventually find the man in the yellow suit, named Ted. Once you've found Ted, it's more adventures and havoc (and balloons).  Unlike Dora for PS2, in which you can never fail or miss, Curious George does not prevent my young one from falling off a cliff and the TV screen. He is forced to practice and get the maneuver down before he can proceed. In the event he does become frustrated, we are practicing our self-control using deep breaths and then mommy gets to try if that fails. Some of these are tricky for me, and might require 3+ tries. (My skill level is questionable, but I would say intermediate to advanced with a preference for games like Maximo/Tomb Raider/etc. Yes, yes, I'm so uncool.)  Although the title implies a childish game, this is actually a fun game for me, and very challenging. (Again, I know, I am so uncool.)  Since the entire game is non violent and you don't witness George perishing when he misses that vine again, I think it is appropriate for the 4+ set.  If you need a game that you can plop your kid in front of, try Dora instead. That is a good beginner game, and once your child has mastered and grown tired of it, maybe George will have knocked down to a more reasonable price.     