 Jeez.  Slap Thomas the Tank Engine on almost anything and my kids want it---what's worse, is I want them to have it too!  Call it whatever you want, if you are looking at this Thomas Bed, chances are you understand perfectly what I am talking about.  This product is an inflatable Toddler-sized bed.  The cover is machine washable, has its own zipper blanket and because of the design of the inflatable mattress, there are bumpers on each side to help keep kids from rolling out.  The cover slips on, then you inflate the mattress.  I gave this a 4 rating for fun, because my kids both love this and the kid-size ready bed. If I were rating it for myself, the fun rating would be about 2 stars.  Regardless of the claim of ease of inflating with the included battery operated pump, the pump does not inflate the mattress all the way.  The instruction manual states this is a safety feature.  Read this as 'you have to manually blow it up the rest of the way.'    Overall this is a good product, but the price is high for what it is.  If the bed ever starts to leak or sustains serious damage, I can't buy a replacement mattress without buying the whole set over again.    Bottom line; If you are a Thomas fan, you know you want it.  This size is good for the toddler and my 4 year old can lay down in it too.  We use ours for playtime, sick days, and travel to in-laws.  If you're not an avid Thomas fan, check on clearance Ready Beds with or w/o the battery operated pump.  I was able to buy a Power Rangers kid version for less than fifteen dollars from Amazon.com prior this purchase.  Great for my older boy who seems to be moving away from Thomas.  Also, the older versions have different nozzles.  The older version is a black plastic ring and flap (hard to describe) while the newer Thomas versions are similar to what you might see on pool inflatables or beach balls, only larger.  My preference is the black ring and flap nozzle, because they work really well with my bellows foot pump and I have never had to inflate manually by mouth!  In all, I have 3 kid-size Ready Beds, and one Toddler version.  I have no problems with leaks, and my kids step, walk, bounce and hop all over these things.  Yes, I ask them not too, but kids are kids, right?      