 The first part of The Crusader deals mostly with a Spanish monk who is assigned to exorcise the demons from Francisco, a knight who has returned from the last crusade to the Holy Land.  If Francisco is successfully "saved", his father will donate much wealth to the church, so Francisco's exorcism is handled with care, whereas other exorcisms may typically involve physical torture and death to achieve the desired ends. Over a period of weeks, Francisco reveals what happened on the crusade that caused his "demons" to take root. What he thought would be a noble mission serving Christ's cause turns into a massacre of innocent Muslim women and children, and finally the death of his companion, for which he holds himself responsible.   The more I read this book of about 300 pages, the more interesting it became, as more plot elements were woven into the story.  There are some captivating scenes, including a battle in the Krak des Chevaliers fortress, and a horrendous imprisonment of the Christians in the sunless dungeon under the Citadel, where the prisoners scrabble in the mud, form alliances, and struggle to survive.   Since Francisco had witnessed the atrocities committed by the king's son, Prince Fernando, Francisco is a threat, and in danger of being eliminated.  This leads to a final showdown, and the culmination of Francisco's fate. All these events are told by the monk who is Francisco's exorcist/counselor.  He is young and ambitious to rise within the church's hierarchy, and somewhat self-righteous about his position and morals.  During his narrative he interjects support for the Crusaders' actions toward the Muslims, describing equally horrendous atrocities committed by the Muslims. Although today we often condemn the many horrible things that have been done in the name of religion, this book does not pass judgment, but tries to relate events and the thought of the time.  The narrating monk, after listening to Francisco's story, becomes muddled, when what he previously thought was black and white merges into grayness.  This is a well-told story in which Eisner teaches us some history about the last crusade, and entertains us with some interesting characters - disturbed, bigoted, and diabolical ones - and plot elements  which are sometimes adventurous, gory, amusing, and suspenseful.     