 I generally don't waste my time on alternate historical fiction because I want to learn about real historical events in the context of entertaining fiction.  But because I had a prior knowledge of the history of Pizarro's conquest of the Incas, I decided it would be worth it to see how the author would change the course of events.  A helpful aspect of the book was that each chapter began with a short blurb about what really happened.  This helps the reader be aware of where the story deviates into its alternate course. Most of the time the book was entertaining, not with intense action or drama, but with an unfolding of relationships within the Incan community.  Atahualpa, called Exemplary Fortune in the book, is the main character, sent away to a distant part of the kingdom to govern there, since one of his brothers, newly appointed as the emperor, fears being overthrown.  This is something that did not really happen. Much of the story describes how Exemplary Fortune learns to govern his region, and, having taken a captive Spaniard with him, comes to understand the Spanish character, purposes, and fighting style.  He uses this to his culture's advantage, teaching his soldiers how to combat Spanish-style, preparing the Incas for possible invasion. A parallel story involves a young Incan whom the Spaniards called Felipe, and who is taken to Spain by Pizarro, as a companion/servant/trophy.  When they return to Peru, Felipe tries his best to find a way to escape and warn his people of the Spanish invasion. The author does a good job of creating an atmosphere of a foreign culture.  The way the Indians speak, their beliefs and interactions are different enough from ours that it creates a feeling of a distant time and place containing a unique people.  Yet I was never convinced that it was a true representation of the culture.   In the book, the Spaniards do invade, but the book ends in a limbo state, with neither side winning--as yet.  We are left to imagine what happens next.  The reader is the one who must create the alternate history at this point, deciding whether the course of prior events in the story could have possibly changed the outcome of the Spanish invasion.  It seems like the author neglected to finish what she started, yet I was also relieved to be spared from reading further details of what I know was the awful truth of that invasion.     