 I'm a teacher, and have used Elements at home and school for a couple of years now.  I have used it on PCs at school, and on my Mac system 9 and system 10.2 at home.  It is wonderful on all of the platforms!   I taught a class of middle school students who speak little English to use this program to "play" with photos... changing colors, adding a background or a frame, giving photos effects, such as a painted look.  They have used it also to modify artwork that they uploaded, then afterwards, they copied and pasted their art and photos into a school newspaper we created.  They have done amazing things that makes them look like computer experts! I use Elements for my personal photos.  Besides correcting and editing single photos, I have created a collage of photos, by copying and pasting several photos onto a single background, and added text and other artwork to the collage.  I use it to fix colors that don't come out well from my digital camera, especially to tone down reds and blues that come out too bright.  I use it to resize photos so that I can print them as small or as large as I want.  And I've softened the edges to give photos an old-fashioned look.  There is so much you can do with it! I also use Elements for an online business which requires photos of the products I sell.  My camera is good, but to make the photos look really good for selling stuff, they need a little extra work.  Yes, with Elements you can make your product look even better than it does in reality, but I don't do that.  I make the product look AS GOOD as it looks in person!   My general procedure is  1. Crop (to reduce extra background)  2. Resize (to make it fit into the space allowed on the website, and to make it an appropriate resolution that won't slow down the loading of the web page.)   3.  Adjust lighting and contrast to make details easy to see. 4.  Sharpen, to bring the photo into better focus. All of this is not something you do immediately upon loading the software.  There is some study to do of helpful books or by taking a class.  I have done both of those things, as well as play around with the software to discover what can be done with it.  There are quite a few books that give all kinds of ideas for uses and wonderful projects, and I still have a lot to learn.  However, what I have learned has been indispensable for my photo work, both at home and school!  I have used other photo editing software, some of it simpler to figure out, but much more limited in their capabilities.  Elements can do so much, I will never need to buy the full, expensive version of Photoshop.  Elements can do almost as much at a fraction of the cost.  I highly recommend it!     