 Having just spent the first six hours of this Saturday morning finishing this incredibly riveting book, ignoring my cats pawing at the bedroom door and my own growling stomach,  I am now adding Bernard Cornwell to my list of favorite authors!  In the historical note at the end of the tale, Cornwell states that all of the battles and skirmishes came from actual history (with a couple of twists), and as I believe him, I have just learned a lot about the art of archery, the English reliance of the longbow to disastrously defeat their enemies, and the enmity between the French and English that led to years of tortuous death and destruction.  The battle scenes in this book formed a cinematic image in my mind, and I will never forget the Battle of Crecy, or the battle on the Ile St. John.  As I "watch" the horror of these battles, I wonder again at the need for humans to slaughter one another, and am hearbroken for the suffering of the horses that are innocent victims of human brutality in war.   Contrary to other reviewers' comments, I found the book to have qualities of medieval times aplenty.  Events were certainly affected by chivalry, superstition, and piousness.  Christian French and Christian English alike sought victory over one another in the name of God and the saints, and claimed that God was on their side when they won.  As I read the book, I really didnt care which side won, but I did care about the characters that I got to know, mostly who are English, and a couple of French.  Although the battles form the backbone of the book, it's the characters that bring it to life, and I enthusiastically followed the main character, Thomas of Hookton, from the time his village was slaughtered through all his twisted entanglements with war, romance and danger.  In his desire to please people he cares about, he makes promises to help them that are difficult to fulfill.  He tries his darndest though, and keeps encountering obstacles that twist his life in new directions.  Of course, he is the hero, and he manages to overcome them all.  Thomas succeeds in fulfilling at least one of his major promises, which was to retrieve a holy relic, but not having fulfilled them all, the end of the book leaves us ripe for continuing his saga in a sequel that must surely be on its way.     