 I teach English to immigrants and their stories of immigration always fascinate me.  The extended family in this biography is from Cambodia, and they were desperate to leave, as families such as this one were especially at risk of persecution and death for having been part of the more 'privileged" middle class. It took a massive effort on the part of Ean Bun*s family to escape, but it also required great effort and commitment on the part of the American sponsors who persevered in not only getting them here, but in nurturing them once they arrived.  Without the sponsors, these immigrants wouldn*t have adapted to the culture and reached their dreams, at least not as quickly or as well.  The sponsors provided housing, furniture, clothes.  They helped them sign up for classes and find jobs, and counseled them on taxes, education, jobs, and even in dealing with problems in relationships.  The sponsors played a critical role in Americanizing these immigrants, and serve as a model for those who wonder how they can help. This is a fascinating account of 'east meets west", with humorous and poignant stories of how members of the family interpreted our western holidays such as Christmas, Easter, and Halloween, their misundersandings of our idioms, and encountering contraptions such as toilets and toilet paper so soft it should not be used for its intended purpose.  When the American sponsors spent time instructing the family in Christianity, they assumed the family*s conversion was real, based on an understanding of the doctrine, but much later discovered that the Cambodians attended church to please their sponsors, and to mingle with people who spoke English.  The Cambodians considered themselves both Christians and Buddhists at the same time, and after years of acquiring English and cultural understanding, they realized they didn*t understand either religion very well. This book also makes us see a little of what we take for granted in the U.S., our ability to speak freely, to live comfortably and without fear, and to be surrounded by a wealth of possessions.  One Cambodian is shocked and outraged, when attending school, she sees the students talking loudly, throwing a football across the room, and the worst horror... sitting on a stack of books and treating them like trash.  She had owned one book in Cambodia, and protected it as a special treasure.  She saw how American students didn*t seem to want to learn as much as they wanted the school day to end, whereas she wanted to devour her education, learning as much as she could.   Yet there are ways that our culture shines in the Cambodians* eyes, and if we take some time to look at our culture from their perspective, it can make us more thoughtful, more appreciative, and more productive citizens.     