 I listened to the cassette version of this book, and I must say that the Chinese male narrator, Norm Lee, probably made this story even better.  I was so grateful there was not an American-accented voice reading this book, as the author's voice (barely Chinese accented) made the main character, college student Jian Wan, more authentic.   The story is set during a short period of time just before the Tiananmen Square uprising, and although I would have liked the story to involve more of this event, it really was not centered on it, the uprising occurring near the end of the book.  But what we get is a glimpse into people's lives at that time of building anti-government sentiment... some people wanting freedom and democracy, but fearful of repercussions, and some still loyal to Mao.  We see a time of gradual change, with simultaneous traditional respect for elders, and young women furthering their education and acquiring positions of power. Our view of China at this time, though, comes mostly through the relationship of Jian Wan with both his prospective father-in-law, a former professor, and his fiancee, Mei-Mei.  While she is away working on her education, Jian commits to caring for her father, Professor Yang.  Yang is in the hospital after a stroke, and much of the story develops around his "crazed" rantings and Jian's pondering over what the professor is talking and yelling about in his delirium. In this way, little by little, Jian puts the pieces together in the Professor's formerly hidden life, and through his ravings, we feel the emotional, mental, and physical torture that he and many other Chinese went through during the Cultural Revolution.  Because of his days and hours cooped up with revelations revealed during Yang's "craziness", Jian comes to make fateful decisions in his life, at the risk of losing his fiancee. The story is touching, though not sad.  There are many humorous moments during the Professor's outbursts, and there is a certain amount of suspense that builds as Jian tries to understand the events of the Professor's life, as well as events occurring in his own life that seem to be happening outside of his control and for reasons that are mysterious to him.  Yet, he does figure it all out, bringing him finally to Tiananmen Square, and on to a major change of direction in his life and a very good ending for this enjoyable book.     