 From the beginning, when American writer Ann Jones was preparing for her trans-continental trip across Africa with her young male English traveling partner, Muggleton, she found that she was doing the majority of the work, the organization, the fine details, and the gathering of equipment and supplies.  Then for half the journey across Africa, she sarcastically joked and complained about Muggleton's travel philosophy and maniacal driving style.  He irrationallly drove across miles of desert, rejecting the safety of joining a caravan, bumped and ground over roadless terrain, slogged through mud and nearly fell off rickety bridges.  He refused to let Ann do the driving... she was too slow and careful.  He got into yelling matches with gun-toting border officials, and raced wildly away from a car he had hit, whose passengers hollered and threatened.  Ann wanted to stop and talk with people and see the sights and learn more about the cultures and lifestyles, but it all whizzed by as Muggleton was determined to make this a trip of challenging the awful driving conditions.  For the half of the trip in which Muggleton is her companion, the book focuses on this sour relationship, and bits of history and politics about each country they pass through.  I really appreciated learning things about these African countries that I had never been aware of.  My finger trailed along the included map of the journey, and helped me learn where these countries are located. Muggleton and Ann parted company halfway through the trip, and although Ann's tongue-in-cheek complaints about him were quite funny at times, I wondered what Muggleton thought about the book when he read it.  But, I felt relief along with Ann, that at last she could take time to really see the land she was driving through.  In Nairobi, an Englishwoman and a Kenyan woman joined her for the remainder of the trip to find the queen of Lovedu, a legendary female ruler in a land of male domination.  During this part of the journey, we learn more details about the lands and people, but Ann also reflects on the role of African women, their lack of power and freedom.  There's an ironic comparison to Ann's own lack of freedom in determining the course of the journey when she was with her male partner.  He had made all the decisions and ignored her wishes, though she was a supposedly equal partner of Western values. There are all kinds of travelogues, and Ann's is as unique and entertaining as any of them.  There are interesting tidbits throughout the book about the people and the sights.  In spite of her complaints about Muggleton and the incredible hardship of that part of the journey, which convinced me NEVER to attempt such a thing, the harrowing difficulties they had were also entertaining.  One of my favorite parts is when Ann describes the campground the three women had on the shores of a lake, when looking at it from a distance, the women notice that everything is blue... the three round tents, the bathing suits, the pajamas, the car.  Traveling companion Caro says, "It looks like the car gave birth." In spite of the succint comments about the lands they drove through, I learned a lot about Africa, and have a better idea about its people, politics, history, and land.  The book was well worth reading.     