 Having just received this bead jewelry book, I'm very disappointed!  I find nothing here to inspire me, and I would rate this book a 1 if it weren't for the good research the author's done on types of beads and materials used in jewelry.  Here's what I found in this book; maybe you will see more value in it than I do: The majority of the book is taken up with descriptions, histories, meanings of beads and materials.  There is a section on materials from nature, and necklaces are shown of chicken bones, chili peppers, dried oranges, leaves, etc.  A couple pages on shells describes how to cut, file, and drill them for threading.  There's a section on how to discern between real and fake materials like coral, amber, jet, ivory, pearls etc.  Chapters on metal beads and glass beads spend many pages describing how they are made.  A short chapter on polymer clay beads shows examples of items made with them, but gives instructions for only one of the examples. A following chapter is on the history of jewelry styles in the U.S. throughout the 20th century.  Quite a few pictures are shown, but instructions for very few of them are given.  The next chapters focus on specific jewelry styles i.e., the liberty necklace, chokers, lacy collar types, and pendants.  Although many pictures are shown, some fairly attractive, only one necklace of each photographic display has instructions.   The instructions for the projects are interspersed throughout these chapters, mixed in with the history, etc. of the bead types and styles.  For the most part, they are written instructions, rarely accompanied by diagrams, which I think are generally more useful than wordy explanations.  The instructions often refer you to see a technique described elsewhere, sometimes in the last chapter of the book which has skimpy instructions for general techniques, along with some diagrams.  These are not adequate for beginners. One somewhat interesting chapter deals with beads used as currency, the symbolic meaning of beads in some cultures, amulets, talismans, healing gems, and documenting your collection of beads.  Within this chapter is a page of necklaces made with "junk", and junk it is!  The worst of which, in my opinion, is a black cord with the arm of an antique doll hanging on it as a pendant. On the whole I have found this book to be poorly organized, uninspiring, and useful mainly as an encyclopedic resource if one wants an education about the beads themselves.  I have other bead books that do this same job at least as well and also have wonderful projects and instructions.     