 I listened to the taped version of Mariette in Ecstasy, read by Barbara Caruso.  Caruso's mellow, British-accented voice is easy to listen to, and in this book she reads with pretty much the same intonation throughout the story, rather somber, and an unvaried rhythm.  This gives the story a subdued, somber tone.  I never sense a smile in her voice, nor can I ever remember a smile or humor mentioned in the plot.   Yes, as other reviewers have mentioned, the story is well written, but I found it boring at times, as the new nun, Mariette was droningly instructed on the rules of religion and of the convent by the elder sisters.  The story became more interesting when her stigmata appeared, and as the reactions of the other nuns became stronger, their emotions ranging from belief and adoration of her, to jealousy, disgust, and rejection.  The inspection of her body as she stood naked before the priest and nuns was compelling, but just when it seems you should be sympathizing with this injustice, the results of the inspection suddenly force you to doubt Mariette's entire experience. At the end of the book, as Mariette is contemplating her days as a nun, there is still no indication if the experience was real or not, and this is probably as it should be, since the author wasn't there himself to inspect her "wounds".  So the question of whether stigmata is a real phenomena or not is never answered.  Rather, more valuable in this story is the exploration of the varied reactions of the nuns and priests... some believers in Mariette's experience, and some not; some kind to her, and some bitter, and not displaying a very "Christian" disposition.   This short book could be a good introduction into the phenomena of stigmata, and the life of a convent, but if I really wanted to know more about these subjects, it'd probably be more profitable to go to a non-fiction source, or a longer novel that explores these subjects in more depth.  I enjoyed "Atticus" by this same author much more.     