 "The Insider" marks somewhat of a departure for Michael Mann, whose usual bill of fare is tightly wound, psychological crime dramas such as "Thief" and "Heat" on the big screen and shows such  as "Miami Vice", "Crime Story", and the shamefully  overlooked "Private Eye" on television. The movie portrays the  trials and tribulations of Jeffrey Wiegand, a fired tobacco company  researcher who violates a confidentiality agreement with his employer at  the behest of a "60 Minutes" producer out for a story.  Be  warned:  many of the elements of Mann's previous motion pictures are not  present here.  The pacing is much slower than any of his previous works,  almost painfully so at times (which makes the movie almost three hours in  length).  Nevertheless it works well, given the plot of this motion  picture.  The musical score is not quite as good as those in previous Mann  pictures and actually gets rather irritating at times.  And the  cinematography is painfully average for the most part.  Additionally, the  screenplay was unnecessarily embellished for dramatic effect.  The acting  performances are first rate all the way, with Al Pacino turning in a  curiously restrained performance as "60 Minutes" producer Lowell  Bergman.  Russell Crowe is very good in the role of Wiegand, and his  transformation from disaffectation to paranoia is dazzling, clearly worthy  of the Oscar nomination he received.  And Christoper Plummer turns in a  very good performance as Mike Wallace.   The area in which this motion  picture really excels, though, is in its telling of the incredibly  shortsighted and cowardly decision of CBS to back down from televising the  Wiegand interview in the face of a potential lawsuit from his former  employer.  Mike Wallace and Don Hewitt both insisted that the portrayal of  that event was inaccurate, but the facts (at least as I understand and  remember them) strongly support the version portrayed in the film.  The  amazon.com reviewer's use of the word "revisionist" is a little  too strong here. Overall, "The Insider" is an entertaining and  well-done motion picture that suffers from some unnecessary artistic  liberties and rather languid pacing but excels in its ability to tell the  tale of a man who laid it all on the line against corporate America only to  be left twisting in the wind by a gutless television news organization.   CBS deserves to have its eye blackened over the incidents portrayed here.   That eye was apparently already blind to its public responsibilities.     