 I've never been a fan of Andy Kaufman's work; in fact, I was rather put  off by it.  That said, "Man on the Moon" does a very good job at  depicting Kaufman's life and career, although it does little more than  scratch the surface. Many thought of Kaufman as a comedian.  I do not.   Instead, I think of him as an artist who strived to produce emotion from  his audience, in whatever form, that he could feed from.  One need look no  further than the obnoxious Tony Clifton character to find evidence in  support of my theory.  Kaufman's five seasons on "Taxi" are given  rather short shrift, although in one scene we see Clifton at work on the  set.  I don't recall Clifton ever being on the show, but I do recall a  similar character named Vic Ferrari and was disappointed that he wasn't at  least mentioned. Although the film moved too quickly and the script was  shallow, the acting was first rate.  Once again, Jim Carrey turns in a  brilliant, top-drawer performance only to be snubbed by the Academy of  Motion Picture Arts & Sciences(the first time was for his tour de force  performance in "The Truman Show"), and panned by worthless  critics like Leonard Maltin.  Paul Giamati is good as Andy's collaborator,  and Danny DeVito turns in a solid performance as George Shapiro, Kaufman's  manager.  Watch for the ubiquitous Vincent Schiavelli as a much put-upon  ABC exec.  Courtney Love was only so-so as the love interest.  Appearances  by Jeff Conaway, Marilu Henner, Judd Hirsch, and others round out the  cast. Two scenes in this movie stand out.  The first is Kaufman's  explosive behavior on the set of "Fridays."  I saw the actual  show on which this incident took place and was very impressed with its  recreation on film.  The other is Kaufman's visit to a cancer treatment  center in the Phillippines where he discovers that the treatment is a sham,  much to his amusement.  The scene dissolves from Kaufman's laughing visage  to a haunting scene of him in his casket lying in repose at his funeral.  A  film of Andy leading the mourners in song is playing behind the open  casket.  This is truly a moving and emotional scene. Although "Man  on the Moon" really provides nothing more than a fleeting,  fast-forward glimpse through the life of Andy Kaufman, it is nevertheless a  good motion picture, much better than the negative reviews would have you  believe.  If you liked Kaufman or were even intrigued about what made him  tick, this movie is definitely worth your time.     