 I'm a huge fan of John Grisham and have read all but one of his books.  That said, I don't think that The Last Juror was as bad as some of the other customer reviewers have made it out to be.  I was actually quite excited at the prospect of another of Grisham's stories set in Clanton, Mississippi, the same town in which the best book he's ever written-A Time to Kill-is set. In The Last Juror, Grisham has done his usual fine job in developing interesting, colorful characters and in describing the town and its environs.  It's very evident that he's familiar with the local color and has done a good job of capturing the look and feel of a small southern town from the early 70s struggling with with everything from racial prejudice and desegregation to corruption to the blight created when a national superstore chain comes to town.  I also found the plot to be very interesting albeit somewhat derivative: a member of a very powerful but reclusive family is tried for and convicted of the rape and murder of a young widow.   In prison, he receives preferential treatment and gains early parole.  Shortly after his release some members of the jury that convicted him are killed.  The story is told from the point of view of a college dropout who owns and operates the town's weekly newspaper.  Parenthetically, I understand that Grisham did not want to title the book as it was but caved in to pressure from his publisher.  After reading the book, I now uderstand why-the title is somewhat of a misnomer.  There is no LAST juror, so just put this issue aside and enjoy the book. Other reviewers have criticized Grisham's writing in this book and I must concede that on some level they're right.  The book is divided into three sections, the first of which is as well written as any of Grisham's earlier work.  The writing in the second and third parts, however, seem to suggest that Grisham started losing interest in his subject and was just going through the motions.  I can't remember any Grisham novel in recent memory that contained so many short chapters.  That's too bad, because this book really started out with some promise.  After the first few chapters I was raving to my wife that this might be Grisham's best book yet but by the end I realized it was not to be. Overall, I'd rate the Last Juror as a much better novel than some of his more recent efforts like the Testament and The King of Torts, but not quite as good as The Summons or A Time to Kill.  While I that Grisham revisits Clanton in subsequent books, I also hope that he puts a little more effort into those visits.  But then again, maybe my expectations were too high.     