 I noticed that there are several negative reviews of this motion picture.  While I can accept that there are some who love the TV show and were disappointed about the movie treatment, I was rather perplexed about those  who were offended by the scatalogical humor and the profanity.  I should  have thought that the movie's title alone, if not Stone and Parker's  association with it, would have been warning enough.  For those who watched  it in spite of the obvious warning signals and got offended, I can only say  that you got what you asked for.  Next time, try something that won't  offend your thin-skinned sensibility-like Snow White. That said,  "Southpark:  Bigger, Longer, and Uncut" is one of the three  funniest movies of 1999 (the others are "American Pie" and  "Austin Powers-The Spy Who Shagged Me).  The picture is a brilliant  satire of censorship and political correctness along with the attendant  hypocrisy that goes along with such concepts.  Stan, Kyle, Cartman, and  Kenny see an R-rated movie starring their idols Terrence and Phillip, two  Canadians whose stock in trade is fart jokes and insults the like of which  I've never heard before.   In typical fashion, the boys' mothers,  particularly Kyle's mother, who is somewhat of an activist, go on the  warpath to have Terence and Philip arrested and condemned to death.  The  execution is to take place at a USO show where Winona Ryder displays an  unusual talent (I understand she was very offended by this portryal).  This  execution in turn is a sign of Satan's imminent rule.  Satan and his gay  lover (Saddam Hussein) are watching the signs and having their own  problems.  Where do Parker and Stone come up with these ideas?   All of  these plots come together in an outrageously funny that some will find  offensive.  Those who think with their minds in gear and tongue firmly  planted in cheek and who are not given to emotional excess will see this  picture for what it is:  an in-your-face full frontal assault on the  hypocrisy of censorship and political correctness that takes no prisoners.     