 When self-appointed film experts talk about the worst movies of all time, Heaven's Gate invariably enters the conversation.  Until the release of Ishtar, this depiction of the Johnson County War in the late 19th Century enjoyed the dubious distinction of being the biggest box office flop of all time.  In my view, however, a box office flop doesn't necessarily denote a bad movie.  A bad movie is one with low production values, bad effects, and/or muddled script, like Plan 9 From Outer Space or Manos: The Hands of Fate.  Heaven's Gate, though it may have been a box office flop, is actually a very good movie that got it's undeserved reputation due to director Michael Cimino's obsession with perfection.  This resulted in multiple takes of scenes that most directors could have shot in one or two.  Ultimately, the picture cost three or four times its original budget to make.  Negative pre-release publicity from a reporter who managed to get into the film as an extra after Cimino refused to grant him an interview, and the critical shellacking that it received from the critics when released, conspired with the well reported cost overruns to doom Heaven's Gate before it was even out of the starting gate. Personally, I like this movie.  And while I appreciate Cimino's insistence on period authenticity in such things as trains, costuming and sets but I have a problem reconciling it to a script that takes such artistic liberties with recorded history.  The real Jim Averill was a cattle ruster who along with his wife was hanged.  He was not the noble sheriff with an Ivy League background as portrayed in the film by Kris Kristofferson.  Nevertheless, Heaven's Gate is a superb motion picture in many respects.  The cinematography by Villnos Zsigmond is nothing short of magnificent, and the acting performances are all good, especially those of Kristofferson, John Hurt, and Christopher Walken.  Although many previous reviewers have criticized the sound quality, I found nothing wrong with it.  I also didn't find the plot all that hard to follow, as others claim.  Perhaps they expected the movie to give them a clue without any sort of thinking on their own.  Of all the complaints that have been levelled against Heaven's Gate, the only one I think that has any merit to it is that the pacing is painfully slow.  That said, I don't believe it distracts significantly from the enjoyment of the movie.  Incidentally, have I mentioned that David Mansfield's score (sadly, not in print) is beautiful? Sure, Heaven's Gate is considered to be a flop.  But I would suggest to anyone reading this review that you watch it for yourself and decide.  It's really not as bad a movie as others have led you to believe it is.     