 "Wonder Boys" is a quirky yet very entertaining comedy.  It represents something old yet something new from Michael Douglas in that although he is once again playing a dark, conflicted character, this time the portrayal is for comedic effect. Douglas' character is Grady Tripp, a drugged out professor of literature whose life has slowly but steadily gone out of control since publishing the great American novel seven years earlier.  His third wife has just left him and the wife of his boss (Frances McDormand), with whom he has been having an affair, is pregnant with his child.   These plot twists and several more, such as a dead dog, the theft of a jacket once owned by Marilyn Monroe, Tripp's desparate female-impersonator dating literary agent (Robert Downey Junior), a brooding but brilliant writing student (Tobey Maguire, who has a gift for remembering celebrity suicides) and some crazy guy claiming that Grady's car belongs to him, all clash during a weekend writing festival being held at the college where Douglas teaches.  The twists, turns, and interaction of all of these plot elements and characters provides for some dark but incredibly funny comedy. Surprisingly there are a number of negative reviews of this picture...., for example, says Maguire is "smarmy" and "ruins every picture he's been in".  She's wrong.  Maguire stands out as one of the best of his generation of actors.  "She also refers to Douglas' voice as "droning" and makes it quite clear she never liked his acting to begin with.  I wonder why she even bothered to watch this film in the first place given her attitude and disdain for the actors. Although some may choose to dismiss "Wonder Boys" as "trashy", pretentious, or just too dark, I actually think this could be one of the best motion pictures Michael Douglas has done in a while, and another tour-de-force bit of direction by Curtis Hanson ("L. A. Confidential").  This film also includes a very good soundtrack featuring Bob Dylan's Oscar winning song "Things Have Changed."   The DVD is loaded with extras including cast and director interviews, a discussion of the music used in the film, and a map of various shooting locations.  Just as in "L.A. Confidential", director Hanson does a very good job of explaining the creative process in the making of the picture although his recitation sounds canned. "Wonder Boys" is defintely not a comedy for those who just want to sit there and be entertained.  You have to engage yourself in it to understand the comedy, but the payoff is worth the trouble. Watch it and decide for yourself.     