 "Mystery Science Theater 3000:  The Movie" is the big screen version of the once-popular Comedy Central (later Sci-Fi Network) series.  In the series, Mike (or Joel) and his robot pals Gypsy, Tom Servo, and Crow  make running wisecracks while watching awful sci-fi movies beamed up to  them by the evil Dr. Forrester (Trace Beaulieu, who also voices Crow).  In  the big screen version, Mike and the 'bots take on Universal's "This  Island Earth" with hilarious results! One of the best reasons for  owning this movie is that it is able to overcome many of the technical  limitations placed on TV series (such as the motions of the robots, for  instance).  This provides a more intimate and interesting portrayal of the  lives that the crew lead on the Satellite of Love. If you are deciding  whether to watch or buy this movie, please PLEASE ignore the Amazon.com  review written by Miles Bethany.  It's painfully apparent that he has never  seen this movie from the fact that he continually refers to someone named  "Jim".  There's no character named Jim on the show (although Jim  Mallon does the voice of Gypsy).  He's clearly referring to either Joel or  Mike, but in any event Miles Bethany ought to be fired for this if he's on  Amazon's payroll! Once you watch this movie, you'll hunger for episodes  of the series if you've never seen it.  Fortunately, the Sci-Fi Network  Episodes are not yet available.  They're not as funny as any of the early  episodes and tend to get a little overindulgent.  Additionally, Beaulieu  left the series before it got picked up by Sci-Fi, and the actor who  replaced him transformed the rather cute, insecure Crow into a character  that I grew to dislike. The William Shatner jokes are really funny on  this movie, as well as Crow's impersonation of George Takei, which leaves  me rolling on the floor.  In any event, I recommend that you check out this  movie if for no other reason than to find out what the hell an interocetor  is (and hopefully how you spell the damned word)!     