 My job involves a lot of driving through areas with very limited radio reception, so satellite radio was a natural for me.  I had a Sirius receiver in my old car but when I traded in decided to go with XM and bought a Roady2.  My Roady2 was very easy to install and I was up and running in minutes.  In contradiction to the comments of one other reviewer, I didn't have to drive around for an hour for all the programmming data to be downloaded into my Roady.  I turned the ignition of my car turned to "accessory" and stayed in the driveway.  It was going in less than ten minutes.  Although it has a wireless FM modulator, I recommend using the cassette adaptor (which is included) if you have a cassette deck in your car; the sound quality is much better and you won't have to hunt for another FM frequency if you drive into an area that has another station broadcasting on the one you have the Roady set to.    As much as I like my Roady2, I can't help but have a few gripes.  First, despite the fact that the display resolution can be user set it's hard to see it at night in any setting.  Second, it lacks a seek/scan feature although you can solve this problem by purchasing the optional remote control ($15.95 in most places).  Although Delphi pushes the convenience of moving the Roady2 from car to car, it's really kind of a chore when you have to go through the trouble of disconnecting it, taking off the antenna, etc.  In my case it was easier to just buy a second Roady2 for my wife's car.  XM only charges an extra $6.00 per month for a second subscription.    Finally, although XM's music channels are commercial free there are some annoying plugs for programming and other channels in between songs that I can do without.  The talk, news, comedy, and old time radio channels do have commercials and unfortunately their frequency and duration is about as bad as that of the typical commercial FM station.  In summary, I believe satellite radio is superior to commercial radio in terms of programming and reception and the Roady2 represents the cheapest and easiest way to get you there.  Despite a few annoying drawbacks, I recommend it.     