 In writing this review, I noted that several other customers had written  less than glowing reviews of "Waiting for the Sun", while others  have hyped it as the Doors' best work.  As far as I'm concerned both camps  make good points, and the truth lies somewhere in-between. "Waiting  for the Sun" is the only Doors album that has ever caused me to wonder  about the selection and placement of certain tracks.  "Not to Touch  the Earth", a portion of Jim Morrison's "Celebration of the  Lizard King", is juxtoposed between the uptempo, pop-driven "Love  Street" and the the haunting, wistful "Summer's Almost  Gone", which doesn't really make a lot of sense from the standpoint of  the album's feel and continuity.  Personally, I think the band should have  done the entire "Lizard King" piece in its entirety and omitted  one or two of the weaker tracks, such as "We Could Be So Good  Together" or "Yes, the River Knows" to make room for  it. Other than the two tracks I described as weak, "Waiting for the  Sun is generally a very good Doors album although not up to either the  band's first album or "Strange Days" in terms of musicianship,  lyricism, or accessibility.  "Hello I Love You" is a pop staple,  "The Unknown Soldier" is the band's effort at war protest ala  Barry Maguire's "Eve of Destruction", but the standout track from  both a musical and a lyrical standpoint is "Five to One", a  generational anthem telling the listener that "they (the  establishment) got the guns, but we got the numbers-gonna win you we're  takin' over, C'MON!"  Two of my favorite songs on this album also  deserve mention: the previously discussed "Summer's Almost Gone"  and "Wintertime Love".  Those songs complement each other quite  well.  A note for diehard Doors fans:  a different edit of "Wintertime  Love" is used on the CD than for the LP.  Listen to Morrison's  phrasing of the words "trying so desperately to be free" and Ray  Manzarek's harpsichord in the second verse.  I like the LP edit better  myself. As the title of this review stated, there's no such thing as a  bad Doors album.  It's just that some are better than others.   "Waiting for the Sun", while definitely a good album, is middle  of the pack compared to other Doors releases.     