 "LA Confidential" takes detective film noir in a different direction-something I didn't think could be done.  Director Curtis Hanson stated that he wanted the focus of this period piece to be on the  characters and dialogue rather than the locations, clothing, cars, etc.  I  think he got it right for the most part, but the cinematography is so  spectacular that you can't help but notice the backdrops against which the  scenes are set. The acting performances in this picture are for the most  part first rate:  Guy Pearce plays the ambitious Edmund Exley to  perfection, Russell Crowe is superb as tough guy detective Bud White, and  Kevin Spacey (one of my favorite actors of all time) turns in a stellar  performance as the hip narco detective who also acts as a consultant on a  Dragnet-like TV series.  Strong performances by James Cromwell, Ron Rifkin,  and the ubiquitous David Strathairn round out the picture.  Although I  liked Kim Basinger, I thought she was cast more for her look than for her  acting skills.  She played the role of a Veronica-lake lookalike prostitute  quite well, but hers didn't look like a performance any other competent  actress couldn't have pulled off. The DVD version of this picture is more  full of features than any other title I've owned thus far.  It includes a  documentary about the making of the film which includes cast interviews and  clips of Crowe's and Pearce's screen tests.  There's also a location map  that tells the viewer about each of the major locations where scenes were  shot, cast bios, a promo for the soundtrack (featuring some very good early  50's jazz courtesy of Chet Baker and other artists of the era), and the  movie can be played with just the soundtrack running.  Be warned-the  features that come in the DVD version take more time to watch as the movie.   But it's well worth the time!  "LA Confidential" sets a high  standard in terms of what studios should include in DVD's of their  pictures.  Are you paying attention, Hollywood?     