 I won a Polaroid PDC 640 Creative Kit in a contest.  Given its current MSRP, I would not have purchased it due to the limited resolution (640 x 480 pixels).  The market is full of digital cameras with better resolution (1-1.5 megapixels) for about the same price.   As ease of use goes, it doesn't get much better than this.  You simply put in the batteries, install the SmartMedia card, turn it on, and start clicking away.  In order to download the pictures you've taken the software must be installed to your computer.  In response to the one reviewer who complained about the software not being compatible with certain editions of Windows, you need merely to go to Polaroids's website and download the patch for Windows 2000 or in my case, Windows XP.  It took only a few minutes to download and I was soon up and running.   This camera is fairly intuitive if you have at least a working knowledge of digital cameras.  I found myself only having to review the user's manual once, and it is fairly straightforward. The green flash indicator in the viewfinder makes it difficult to frame your shot as one previous reviewer noted, and aside from the limited resolution this is about the only other negative thing I can say about the camera.  Although it interfaces with the computer via serial cable as opposed to the much faster USB, I haven't found this to be a major problem.  I downloaded 14 pictures to my PC in only about 2-3 minutes just the night before writing this review.  Picture quality is fair in the high resolution mode, good in super high resolution mode.  I don't recommend using either the medium or low resolution settings. Lastly, regarding battery life complaints I haven't found the PDC 640 to be any worse than any other digital camera.  The kit includes an AC adapter which I highly recommend be used for downloads, which accounts for considerably more battery drain than actual picture taking.  The resolution mode you use will also make a difference (higher resolution = more battery use). If you're looking for an easy to use digital camera the PDC 640 is a very good choice.  If you want the highest quality that digital photography has to offer, look elsewhere...but you'll have a slightly more complicated camera.     