 I really enjoyed the original Half-Life game, and was very excited about the sequel.  I recently upgraded my PC, got a top of the line video card, and couldn't wait to try out the new engine.  Luckily, I waited till the demo came out, and ran that first.  There are two chapters in the demo.  The first is chapter one, where you (as Gordon Freeman) arrive at City 17 on a train.  You wander around a nearly deserted train station, and see some very impressive graphics and digital actors.  They still look pretty polygonal, but they are a lot more realistic than anything else out there.  Facial expressions, the whole bit.  They ain't Gollum, but still, very impressive.    There's a very eerie feeling in the train station.  The emotional impact is quite strong.  Something horribly wrong has happened, and you are in some kind of relocation station.  A PR film runs over and over telling you that this is one of the few remaining cities...  Remaining after what? you wonder.   As a big science fiction fan, I was immediately drawn in.  After encountering a bud from the first HL, I manage to escape the station, and find myself in an open plaza.  This plaza was just amazing in its photorealism.  You can almost tell what time it is just from the lighting and atmosphere--it is that real.  Soon, though, the chapter ends as you enter a building.   The other chapter in the demo is chapter 6.  Now you are much further in to the story, you've got a gun, and it's dark. There are some very impressive crows in a yard, flapping and cawing. Wow. (Sounds dull, but you have to see it.  So real!)  But there are also...lots of body parts and blood strewn around.  Corpses of people who seem to have died in extreme agony.  Skin ripped off their bones.  A torso cut in half, hanging from a tree.    At this point, I lost interest in the game.  This video world I have entered has convinced me quite solidly of its reality, and now I am presented with some very realistic, believable, stomach-turning horror.  I had no wish to be here any longer. I could not feel anything but pity for the poor souls lying dead around me.  I did not feel that killing anything that moved was going to help anyone.  I shut down the game and deleted it off my system.   If you've gotten this far in my review, you may be surprised to know I like shooters.  I just completed Thief 3.  Wonderful game.  You rely on your cunning and skill.  However, it did bother me a bit that it's "me against the world" in Thief.  Can't trust anybody, and there's no remorse when you have to kill somebody to achieve a goal.  What I liked about Thief more was its "adventure" side, more than its shooter side.  I'm intrigued by the MMOG phenomenon, though I haven't tried any of them.  But I'm intrigued by the idea that people (strangers, no less) get together in these games and cooperate to accomplish a goal.  And they enjoy exploring vast video worlds.    I think eventually we'll see an adventure game (like Myst) that is as highly rendered as HL2, allowing the interaction Myst currently lacks.  It will be gorgeous to look at, convincing in its reality, and it will have an interactive storyline (with you as the protagonist) that involves more than simply making your way through a maze (such as a building complex, yawn) filled with zombies and monsters.  You can see the interest in such a game based on the success of "The Longest Journey", the Sims, and the Myst series and its clones.    When I want to play, I want to pretend I can save the world, sure.  But not by shooting everything in sight.  The encouraging thing about playing this demo was that it showed the potential video games have now.  I'm looking forward to the day a developer with imagination takes this technology the next step forward.       