 My comments here will be mostly questions, as that is what this book left  me with.  Questions like: why did Powers choose a period ten years ago to  focus on?  Why focus on technology ten years old?  If there was a group  developing VR to the degree shown in this book, where is it now (or is that  the Point, that the military en-Gulfed it?) I kept having to remind myself  that the story was happening in 1990, not 2000, despite the level of  sophistication of the Cavern.  Was that technology really around back then?    I tried very hard but failed to see the connection between the hostage  story and the VR story.  Best I could come up with was the Nature of  Perception, how our view of the world and reality is affected by  circumstances.  Perhaps my perception of this book is colored by the  science fiction I have read, and my work as an artist and computer  programmer.  I wanted this book to be a different one.  I wanted it to be  Galatea meets VR.  I wanted it to be about the current day, and current  technology, and what it means to us now and to our future. There must have  been some point to writing an "historical" novel about a time  period so very recent, but I did not see it.  I enjoyed the book quite a  bit.  I appreciated the references to art history mixed in with computer  science.  But I found myself wondering just how many people happen to have  a background in both?  If he had been making off-hand remarks about some  other arcane areas I'd have been pretty bored, I think.  Lost, at least.   My favorite by Powers is still Goldbug.  There was a book where it made  sense to go back in (fairly) recent time, and to mix music with computer  science.  The characters were more alive in Goldbug.  I found it hard to  relate or empathize with those in Plowing the Dark.  I, too, have turned my  back on the world of Fine Art, and endevor to find a life with computers,  but I couldn't quite figure out Klarpol's problem.  I found a recent  interview with Powers, but these questions remain unsolved.  I'd appreciate  other readers' input.  Thanks - Bob (renolin@adelphia.net)     