 At first glance, Ridley Scott's Kingdom of Heaven is just your average medieval war epic: nothing more, nothing less. It has all of the ornate visual flair, breathtaking scope and awe-inspiring battle scenes inherent to its genre...and all of the predictability and bloated excess. There are scenes scattered throughout the film which first-time viewers could practically recite by rote, so closely do they adhere to the formula. Even some of Heaven's more impressive features feel uncannily familiar: from the frenetic editing, a refinement of the style Peter Jackson co-opted for Lord of the Rings from Scott's own Gladiator, to leading actor Orlando Bloom himself, who by my count has appeared in five medieval war epics since 2001. Still, it is impossible to entirely write Kingdom of Heaven off as Gladiator 2, Braveheart 8 or Ben-Hur 57; not least because Kingdom of Heaven is also a movie about the Crusades, and in an age when the Christian West is once again at war with Islam, while religious sovereignty in the Holy Land remains hotly disputed, such a movie is timely as well as provocative.  Of course, to read Heaven merely as a work of thinly-veiled political commentary would be a mistake. If anything, it is a sort of quasi-modern take on the classic morality play; a deliberately simplistic triumph of moral righteousness over the forces of evil. What makes this approach unconventional - not to mention political - is the expanded range of manifestations Scott and screenwriter William Monahan allow this "evil" to take. Gone are the antiquated Hollywood stereotypes of valiant Anglo-Christian soldiers fighting the black-clad Arab menace; here, the moral conflict is not between Christianity and Islam but between spiritual, non-denominational nobility and self-serving religious intolerance. This may sound like the set-up for a gratingly P.C. liberal sermon, but to Monahan's credit it isn't really: the most philosophically compelling aspects of the film are rooted quite deeply in a Judeo-Christian worldview, albeit one with a frank and occasionally scathing eye for religious hypocrisy. Scott, along with cinematographer John Mathieson and production designer Arthur Max, reminds us of this frequently with gorgeous, Caravaggio-inspired photography and scenes that play out like life-size religious tableaux.  It is in these moments when Kingdom of Heaven is at its best, embracing its richly allegorical side and piling on the symbolism. Jewel-encrusted crosses abound, and with his neat beard and piercing eyes, Bloom looks more than a little like Christ himself. The scenes between King Baldwin (Edward Norton), a leper who is forced to wear an eerily lifelike silver mask, and his Arabian-attired sister Sibylla (Eva Green) are visually stunning, if not quite thematically satisfying. In fact, the film only really begins to lose the plot when Monahan tries to convert Scott's deft image-based storytelling into dialogue: lines, speeches and entire scenes feel clumsy and obvious, and it is a testament to Heaven's stand-out performances - Massoud's in particular - that eye rolls and unintentional giggles come less often than perhaps they should. Director Scott can't be held entirely faultless, either. Despite his liberal use of jump-cuts, the film lags in its first third or so; and even when the action gets big enough to support the editing, it feels like we've seen it all before. The climactic battle sequence itself, especially Balian's plea to the non-soldiers of Jerusalem to stand and fight, smells suspiciously like Two Towers leftovers. Competently prepared, yes...but still leftovers.     