 It started off as a perfectly good idea: frame a series of interlocking vignettes, all of them related to troubled race relations (and more than a few of them incorporating the titular car-accident motif), with the backdrop of modern Los Angeles and the spectre of the World Trade Center attack. Granted, writer/director Paul Haggis didn't do much else right - he overwrote and overdirected, making a heavy-handed, preachy mess out of what should have simple, subtle and powerful - but he set about making Crash with the best of intentions, and that is to be applauded. This is a film that examines, unflinchingly, the race problem in post-9/11 America; that fact alone makes it worth seeing, at least among those viewers who still don't believe there is a race problem in post-9/11 America. Accordingly, the fact that a movie which so boldly addresses these issues is even getting limited release in a market otherwise more concerned with Monster-in-Law and the last Star Wars is beyond reproach. But film is an art form, one with a lot of competition and an awful lot of talented underdogs who would kill to get the kind of opportunity, cast and exposure Haggis had and blew...and unfortunately, in art there is no such expression as "it's the thought that counts."  Crash is Haggis's first feature film after a career in writing and directing television, and it shows. His array of stale prime-time drama cliches are so omnipresent in the film, there are parts where they actually transcend the heavy subject matter and become laughable - there's the slow-motion scream, the expository jump-cut, even the dreaded use of adorable children's voices as a tearjerker. In one scene, a man involved in a shooting is actually flanked in the background by a fluttering, soft-focus American flag. Sticking out like sore thumbs in this mess are solid, powerful performances by an excellent ensemble cast: notably Matt Dillon as a racist LAPD officer, Thandie Newton as the woman he encounters in two riveting scenes, and (in the film's most pleasant surprise) Chris "Ludacris" Bridges as an articulate thug with a conscience and a chance for redemption. Unfortunately, these fantastic bits and pieces are routinely botched and almost ruined by a script that sees fit to begin the film with a line like, "I think we miss that touch so much that we crash into each other, just so we can feel something." Jesus, Paul, if you're going to state your movie's thesis verbatim, could you at least wait until I finish my popcorn?  Easily the most frustrating aspect of the film, however, is the manner in which what could have been a fleshed-out and fascinating group of characters are left to stagnate in the middle of a contrived, Short Cuts-lite narrative device. Its sloppy application stirs up all kinds of plausibility issues (why are the same twelve people bumping into each other so often in so short a time - in Los Angeles?); worst of all, it manages to gloss over the personalities of individuals in favor of a shallow, mushy whole that reads more like a schizophrenic's sociology paper than anything approaching a character study. In a way, despite a few glittering successes, it's amazing to see just how many times Haggis reaches for something deep and meaningful - always an aimless pursuit in the first place - and comes up with nothing but hackneyed garbage. It boggles the mind, really. Because yes, Haggis is asking all the right questions with Crash...but you've got to wonder, with questions as good as those, how could a self-respecting director possibly come to these kinds of answers?     