 A Time to Love must surely be the most important Stevie Wonder album in 25 years. Not only was the record long in gestation and much-awaited, but if Wonder's people are to be believed, it also marks a massive return to form. Of course, that's one tall order, and it needn't even be said that A Time to Love is no Innervisions. But if we can allow ourselves to put our impossible expectations aside and give this album the listen it deserves, Mr. Wonder has a bit of a pleasant surprise for us all: this "return to form" may have its flaws, but it remains a remarkably solid effort.  And Wonder remains a singular talent, quite possibly the hardest person to dislike in all of popular music. Simply put, the 55-year-old's voice is gorgeous, as clear and honey-smooth as it was thirty years ago. Actually, if anything he could do to turn it down a notch: "If Your Love Cannot Be Moved," which opens the album promisingly with a contemporary R&B beat and dramatic, low-register strings, soon devolves into numbing histrionics from both Wonder and his guest Kim Burrell - a tendency which repeats itself on more than a few of Time To Love's "ballad" numbers.   To be honest, it isn't until "Please Don't Hurt My Baby" comes along when the album really kicks into gear. A lite-funk jam worthy of Talking Book outtake status, the track breathes some much-needed life into the proceedings and reminds us that Stevie is still good for more than just the sappy ballads. The soul is back, and better late than never. Like Prince, another erstwhile pop genius who happens to appear on this record, Stevie Wonder was an artist in need of a comeback. His talent is just too great to fizzle and fade away. And like Prince with Musicology, Wonder has found his comeback in the form of a sort of compromise: strongly recalling his classic work, but mellowed, tailor-made for an audience who continue to mature along with Wonder itself. It may not have the same kind of resonance as those glory years - few records do - but A Time to Love is possessed of a charm and a beauty all its own. If Stevie Wonder's "form" is quality and craft, then this is a return to form indeed. Welcome back, Stevie. You've earned it.     