 Talk about icons: Golden Black opens with the sound of a speeding motorcycle engine and a strangled shout of "1, 2, 3, 4!" And it's just too perfect. Next to the Ramones, there isn't a band on this planet the profundity of whose existence can be encapsulated with just those four Arabic numerals... except Guitar Wolf. In fact, no less than 11 of this generous sampler's 26 songs open with Seiji's impassioned count-ins; the rest just explode full-pelt into blood-red existence, as if we're listening to field recordings of the Big Bang and not just some cult garage act from Japan. But then, if Golden Black reminds us of anything, it's that, sonically, Guitar Wolf have always had more in common with seismic eruptions and heavy artillery than anything like conventional "music."  So it's almost laughable that this comp is being marketed as "remastered," since remastering Guitar Wolf is basically the equivalent to giving a burnt-down house a new coat of paint. At the same time, though, something about the process makes sense: Golden Black presents its career highlights in a non-contextualized, non-chronological, entirely homogenized manner, much like a live concert setlist. This approach, frankly, suits Wolf perfectly: that their "best of" is one sustained blast of white-hot noise, selected via online poll by their rabid fanbase, says more about the band than a well-ordered documentarian approach could ever say.  And it's a fact that their chaotic mix of rockabilly, classic punk rock, lo-fi garage and pure lunacy has never sounded better. Free of the occasional filler that plagues many of their proper albums, Golden Black moves from high to glorious high: "Wild Zero," "Jett Beer," "Invader Ace," the truly psychotic "Roaring Blood." No, it won't convert the uninitiated: if you didn't "get it" before, exposing yourself to 74 consecutive minutes could only be an exercise in masochism. But listen to the final track, a rip-snorting deconstruction of Eddie Cochran's classic "Summertime Blues" which is at once reverent tribute and outright disembowelment, and just try and tell me you can't feel the power.     