 [...]  You might never have heard of Drywall - but if you've ever watched one of VH1's '80s alternative marathons, chances are you've heard of Stan Ridgway. As chief singer and songwriter of neurotic L.A. new-wavers Wall of Voodoo, Ridgway is best known today for one quirky hit ("Mexican Radio") with a video directed by ex-Monkee Michael Nesmith. Not that it matters: the hour-plus of music on Barbeque Babylon is likely to catch even the most avid Left of the Dial listener by surprise. Ridgway himself describes the project as an "experimental electro noise combo"...but that description doesn't even begin to scratch the surface of this weird, haphazard, naively original record.  So how can one sum up such a record? Frankly, if there's anything that unites Barbeque Babylon, it's the overarching sense of doom from song to song; only fitting for an album which bills itself as "The Third Installment in the Trilogy of Apocalyptic Documents." From the beginning, Drywall makes it very clear that it ain't just hot dogs that will be roasting at this barbeque: it's our own miserable, condemned souls. Not exactly the feel-good record of the year, then. Thankfully, the times are sufficiently screwed up to justify Ridgway's bleak visions, and it's a testament to the man's resilient knock-kneed panache that he manages to avoid looking like a sour old crank. Instead, he's the mad scientist in his basement lab; mixing steaming, bubbling beakers of moody synthpop, Americana pastiche and volatile sociocultural protest without a care in the world for the ethics and expectations of the chart scene outside.  Whether one can actually enjoy Ridgway's concotion, of course, depends entirely on one's tolerance for cheesy (we're talking Super Nintendo-quality) digital keyboards. Ironically for an album about postmodern detachment and the apocalypse, the "modern" electronic touches employed by Drywall would have sounded obsolete back when "Mexican Radio" was still in the charts. Ridgway's occasional stabs at rapping (!) in particular - see "Fortune Cookies" - are wince-making, serving to remind the listener that the man is, after all, old enough to be the average hip-hop fan's father.  Unsurprisingly, then, Babylon is most impressive when the trio play to their strengths, rather than essaying clueless attempts at "stretching." But these more galvanizing moments are few and far between. Most of the album deals strictly in novelty, a peculiar stew of irony and self-indulgence that suggests, unsurprisingly, that Stan Ridgway isn't terribly bothered about winning new converts at this stage in the game. The end of the world is coming, and Drywall is celebrating with one hell of a cook-out...whether we decide to show up or not.     