 Johnny Cash. Loretta Lynn. Neil Diamond?  Even given the late-'90s, early-2000s parade of classic singer-songwriter rebirths, I will be the first to admit that I didn't see this one coming. Maybe you didn't either. You might ask yourself - as I did - whether Neil Diamond really needs another look in this day and age. He is, after all, clearly not the icon Cash was and is; nor do his songs seem to require a sympathetic, reverent producer as urgently as did Lynn's. To me, Diamond always seemed somehow content with his reputation as a kitsch merchant - his records were overproduced schmaltz because that was him, the very essence of his being.  Well folks, I stand corrected, because Rick Rubin has done it. With 12 Songs, the veteran producer (like, Cash's American Recordings veteran) has plucked Diamond from the darkest reaches of the "guilty pleasure" zone and cast him in a stunning new light: not necessarily revelatory - there's nothing here the songwriter hasn't really done before - but sublimely tasteful, a seminal confirmation of the Neil Diamond who's always existed beneath the jumpsuits and chest hair. It's reputation-salvaging stuff.  But it isn't perfect. Occasionally, Diamond seems to be trying too hard to fit Rubin's pedigree, getting all Man in Black grim on us with "What's It Gonna Be" and "Man of God"; even working the lyric "he walked the line" into "Hell Yeah" like it's some kind of coincidence. His lyrics, too, are as trite as ever. Most laughably, every meaningless bromide the man utters is delivered with that beyond-emphatic growl of his, no doubt giving leverage to scores of future parodies.  So it might be something of a paradox to say that the most successful moments on 12 Songs are those which adhere most closely to Diamond's road more traveled, but it's true. "Delirious Love", in particular, oozes so much pop majesty it doesn't even matter that he's rhyming "serious" with "mysterious" and "hangin' on" with "bangin' on." Even the pastoral, gospel-tinged numbers serve to remind us that there's always been more than a hint of the sacred in Neil Diamond's well-meaning bombast - a very warped, patently insincere hint, but a hint nonetheless.  To me, though, it's closing track "We" which embodies 12 Songs best. Diamond comes in strumming a simple, lilting rhythm on acoustic guitar, recalling the understated sunshine folk of Cat Stevens' Harold and Maude score. Then the tuba comes in. And just like that, you remember that this is Neil Diamond: love him or leave him, he remains a peerlessly positive, unwaveringly cheerful force in pop music. The things he does might put a smile on your face, or they might make you wince - but more so than any other Neil Diamond album, 12 Songs will make you lean toward the smile...or at least want to wince a little less.     