 While watching Prime, I was pleased to see that writer/director Ben Younger has clearly studied his Woody Allen. In fact, if Woody circa 1978 had written and directed this movie, it most likely would've been one of the revered members of his canon...but unfortunately (for the movie), he had no part in this film.  Prime does begin well, at least. Its depiction of Manhattan just looks good: New York City is once again a glamorous Hollywood wonderland with quaint old movie theaters and thick white snow that shines like lost treasure under streetlights. But there's plenty wrong with the film too, not least its stereotypical main characters: Rafi (Uma Thurman) is a neurotic, artistic woman who lives alone with a cat and only seems to have gay friends; David (Bryan Greenberg) is a self-actualized young male who is mature for his age until he gets around a video game system; his mother, Dr. Lisa Metzger (Meryl Streep), is the usual very Jewish older woman who does the usual very Jewish things. Ordinarily, these stereotypes wouldn't have been such a problem; but compared to the times when Younger actually innovates and carves a fresh voice for himself, they just feel flat and stale.   And by the end, Younger's script just loses steam. While I heartily approve of Prime's lack of a happy ending, it's obvious the writer simply doesn't know how to tie up his loose ends. So we're left with a gag-inducing love scene which involves ridiculous lines such as (this is in the middle of intercourse, mind you), "how deep does your love go?" I have no idea how Uma Thurman could say this without snickering; perhaps she knew that audiences across the country would be doing her snickering for her. But this lovemaking scene was supposed to be (pardon the pun) the climax of the movie, and instead we get soap opera cheese and a lot of rolled eyes. I'm still interested in seeing more from Mr. Younger - he is, after all, still an up-and-coming filmmaker - but until he stops making modern and mediocre versions of Woody Allen, he will never realize his full potential.     