 Yes, this film could legitimately be described as "Labyrinth meets Cirque de Soleil." But thanks to visionary graphic novel team Dave McKean (who directs) and Neil Gaiman (who writes), MirrorMask just might make you put your prejudices aside.   Playing the "world-in-opposites" tradition of children's literature to the hilt, the movie is familiar in theme, but brilliant and subversive in execution; you may have seen something like it, but you've never SEEN anything like it. Even the earlier, more realistic scenes look like a bizarre and wonderful dream, photographed by cinematographer Tony Shearn in extreme wide angles that curve and distort like fun house mirrors. And when Helena (Stephanie Leonidas) finally does enter the dream world, a veritable Pandora's Box of wild imagery explodes onto the screen: cats with human faces, part-ape/part-bird/part-snowman hybrids, spiders which attach themselves to the face and function like eyes. Visually, this is a truly wondrous film, as magnetic and enticing to adults as it will inevitably be to children. If Jim Henson Productions plans on making a full-fledged departure from puppet-based fantasy filmmaking into the realm of computer animation, they couldn't have picked a better project to set things off.  That said, it's a disheartening fact that the area in which MirrorMask most falls flat is its technical execution...that is, what makes this movie a movie, and not just a parade of disjointed, if wondrous, visuals. Even in its most spectacular moments, MirrorMask feels oddly two-dimensional, not necessarily in terms of character development or story but literally, as though we are looking through the camera at the pages of a book. This is a shortcoming common amongst many recent attempts to mix live-action and CG: simply put, too much of the latter and it just doesn't look real. Of course, MirrorMask avoids that pitfall insomuch as it isn't trying to look "real;" but the fact remains, 100 minutes of sustained artificiality and what would have looked incredible in a music video starts to feel a little tiresome.  Not that the "human element" is helping matters much. There's a tendency for the understatement of even the stand-out performances (Leonidas in particular) to be swallowed up by the sheer massiveness of the rest of the movie. One gets the impression that the actors' voices were recorded from a room away. Arguably, this detachment is just part and parcel of the dreamlike ambience of McKean's and Gaiman's world. But a visual feast this sumptuous should really not be as hard to enjoy as MirrorMask occasionally is.  And yet, despite the frustrating moments, despite the occasionally uninspired performances, despite all of these shortcomings, MirrorMask remains a thoroughly fascinating semi-failure. It's not just of interest to fans of Gaiman (although you can bet they'll be eating it up), or to its arty preteen target audience; this film pushes the envelope in fantasy cinema storytelling, more so than pretty much anything in the last decade. What's more, for all their flights of fancy, Gaiman and McKean never forget the heart of their story. The result is a surreal, symbolic and spectacular meditation on the travails of adolescence, as only Neil Gaiman could provide. It might not always be pretty - and it sure ain't perfect - but it's still a hell of a ride.     