 Excerpted from modernpeapod.com:  Apologies to the Queen Mary, the debut album by the newest Canadian indie menagerie, could easily be used in a hipster bingo game of spot-the-influences, but it still manages to surpass the indie community's expectations. Its sound scope, ranging from sludge drone ("Same Ghost Every Night") to flying bird melodic highs ("Grounds for Divorce"), brims over with merry blips and gorgeous keyboards. Other than "Same Ghost Every Night," which truly attempts to produce a malevolent spirit, the primary effect is to make me feel good - or maybe I just equate electronic noise with happiness. But if one also pays attention to the lyrics, the album takes a somewhat creepier tone. Apologies to the Queen Mary is haunted by ghosts, most of the variety that are found in a grandmother's attic on a rainy saturday afternoon; while they often have strange stories and requests, there is rarely a preeminent feel of danger. Wolf Parade does its best to encourage the childhood sense of exploration and adventure.  However, I should remind you that I am a realist. While this record is exceedingly good (really, go buy it, you'll thank me), some of the tracks, particularily "Dinner Bells", could do with a bit more editing. I like my droney music with cheerful electronic nose layered on top as much as the next girl, but I could do without seven minutes and thirty-four seconds of it. I'm not too thrilled with "This Heart's on Fire" either, especially as an album closer. Repetitive and with strained, MTV-esque lyrics and vocals, it's just not up to the quality of the other songs: this album deserves to end with a glorious bang, not a dull thud.  Honestly, in the world of modern music, the moments where true poeticism and wonderful music meet are few and far between. Albums like Apologies to the Queen Mary can be viewed as a direct challenge against other musicians. Hopefully, the soul, depth, and sheer ferocity of Wolf Parade's debut album will be used as an intimidation factor to raise the bar for all new releases.     