 Record store dilettantes unfamiliar with Boris can be excused for expecting Sun Baked Snow Cave to sound a lot closer to Merzbow's presupposed harsh noise aesthetic than it actually does. But Boris's name comes first, and that means it's their record on their terms.  And hell yes, it's ambient. The record fades in over the course of six minutes to a rumbling tape hiss. Hey, it's a sixty-two minute track - it can take its time. Occasionally - where'd that come from? - a single acoustic guitar string is plucked, teasing the listener with the kind of barely-heard sounds so often cited in Eno's ambient music creation myth. The drone takes on a rumble and a dull howl about eleven minutes in. Also: chords! Boris's Wata brings her acoustic guitar back into the mix to engage in the most languid six-string duel ever recorded against Merzbow's cross-channel noise. Now shaking, now modulated straight up with a swoosh, the sonic reduction can only be said to fight Wata's guitar to a draw. The textures' eventual coexistence pact informs Sun Baked Snow Cave's middle third in a loping style that conjures a solemn tea ceremony conducted on a deafening Chiba factory floor. Announcing themselves now and sticking around for the duration, there are at least three distinct atonal components at work: the omnipresent low crackle of turntable static, the rustling, constant twiddling of a band-pass filter, and the noise musician's cadenza, scraping screeches of industrial feedback. Oh, yes: this record really cooks.  In the end, Sun Baked Snow Cave is for me an hour of successful experimental music. Listening to it, I'm not distracted by any particular "conceptual" pretensions. I'm neither forced to listen for definition or structure, nor unable to listen at all. To disclaim: I can't say that the rarified set of experimental enthusiasts will ever openly acknowledge an openly "accessible" recording. We're unionized, bub, and at any rate, this LP definitely ain't it. If you can respect sound for sound, though, you'll like Boris's collaboration with Merzbow. This really is music to write record reviews to.     