 Excerpted from modernpeapod.com:  It's easy to see why the indie community has embraced the Constantines. The Ontario five-piece make music that means Something - it almost doesn't matter what that "Something" is. Perhaps self-conscious, perhaps not, Tournament of Hearts is the kind of music the word "anthemic" was invented to describe.  But does Importance (or self-importance) alone make a good album? Yes and no. Certainly, the epic scope of the Constantines' vision does them more good than ill. Songs like "Lizaveta," awash in brass and fuzztone, are so heavy with portent that their cryptic lyrics are elevated to an almost prophetic level. Musical icons are invoked left and right: U2, Pearl Jam, Springsteen. The beginning of processional blue-collar rocker "Working Full-Time" - a repeating synthesizer motif, a series of thunderous drum rolls, another masculine, hoarse-throated yell - even calls to mind one of the more famous moments from the Who's "Won't Get Fooled Again." But listening to such a tailor-made modern classic can tire a guy out, and ultimately Tournament of Hearts feels longer than its 36-minute running length should allow. It's all just so serious. Even temporary reprieves, like the tightly wired "Hotline Operator" and the light touches of electric piano that color "Thieves," are more concerned with heaviness than headiness, and that's a shame. It's like a healthy, hearty dinner with no dessert: good for you, sure, but where's the fun?  Like Fugazi before them, the Constantines make music as stone-faced and mirthless as the politics they represent. And maybe they should: in this age of irony, a good dose of gravity could be just what we need. But Tournament of Hearts takes itself almost too seriously. It plods rather than struts. It proselytizes, but only rarely gives the listener anything resembling transcendence. Don't get me wrong, it's a fine album; meticulously crafted, performed with firm-handed control and startling chops. One just can't help but wonder how much greater the Constantines could be if they learned to lighten up.     