 This is the first Osho book I read.  Before this I had avoided his books entirely, because the media had widely publicised that this Guru had 93 Rolls-Royces in his collection and portrayed him as nothing more than a charlatan in disguise.  But a close friend had praised the insights gained from his books and I felt that I had to give his teachings a fair hearing.  As a Guru, he was far from being a cave-dweller; instead this former Professor of Philosophy (University of Jabalpur,1958-66) was more of a modern rebel, and this may understandably disappoint some folks on their expectations of what a Guru should be.  But his answer on the 93 Rolls-Royces and other fineries he had, was that he simply used what was available.  He was a practical man indeed!    In reading this book, I was amazed to find page after page of 'bang on-target' penetrating insights, peppered with sharp observations of human nature and ocassionally punctuated with entertaining parables told with wry humour.  Read this book if you want to know the difference between pleasure, happiness, joy and bliss.    Some brief excerpts from the book:-  '..asking for more is what our mind is - a constant asking for more.  It makes no difference how much you have, the  mind will go on asking for more.'  '..mind is a daydreaming faculty.  Unless you go beyond the mind, you will continue to daydream.  The mind cannot exist in the present.  To be in the present is to be without mind.'  '..mind is a mechanism to create unhappiness.  If you drop the mind, suddenly you become happy - for no reason at all.'  '..madmen and mystics have something similar..both are out of the mind.  The madman has fallen below it, the mystic has gone beyond it.'  '..unless you start living in the present, you will not be able to forget and forgive the past.  Awareness cannot be in the past and cannot be in the future.  Awareness knows only the present.'    '..as you feel the bliss of being in the present, you will stop doing this stupid thing that everybody goes on doing.  You will stop going into the past.  You will not have to forget and forgive, it will simply disappear of its own accord.'    This book is filled with similar gems of wisdom and I strongly recommend this book if you wish to comprehend the elusive nature of happiness/joy.  Notwithstanding that he was a controversial Guru when he was alive (1931-1990), the contents of this book will still take your understanding way beyond what the current crop of pop psychology books can offer on this subject.  And then, when you are ready for the next level of mental/spiritual evolution, these 2 books are must-haves:-   'Talks With Ramana Maharshi' by Robert Powell (ISBN: 1878019007)  'I Am That' by Nisargadatta Maharaj (ISBN: 0893860220)       