 Neil Gaiman's Sandman is one of the greatest comic books of all time.  Alan Moore may have started the comic-book-as-art movement, but Neil Gaiman made it more accessible by setting his stories in the common world of Myth.  Sandman is the comic book that English teachers (should) love, a story that blends both popular and obscure myths and stories of Egyptian, Greek, and other cultures into an entertaining story backed by poignant and timeless philosophy.  That being said, I don't like this book nearly so much as some of the others.  "World's End" centers on several travelers who find themselves unstuck from their native universes and they pass the time telling stories together.  Like "Dream Country," this is not a story but rather a series of largely conflict-less vignettes, and I don't enjoy those nearly so much as the mythic epics like "Brief Lives" and "Season of Mists."  In those stories, there is a sense of adventure, but in these short story collections I feel like I am just witnessing Neil Gaiman ramble on about some weird thought he had, a thought that is intriguing but doesn't really go anywhere.   This is of course personal preference, but I think it is best exemplified by the "Prez" story.  Our narrator meets a man who tells her a story about an alternate universe President of the U.S.  This president was beloved by the people but discovered that he was put in power by a guy named Mr. Smiley, who has a smiley face for a head.  That's pretty much the whole story.  For this pointless bunch of words to be lodged squarely between "Brief Lives" (a fantastic and thoughtful book where someone dies) and "The Kindly Ones" (a world-shattering book where someone else dies), I don't know, I have to admit that I was kind of bored.  I didn't really know why I was being told the things that I was being told, and felt generally unsatisfied.  I like the end of "World's End" very much, when we discover why these people have found themselves at the end of the world, and when we learn what happens to them afterwards, but I didn't much enjoy getting there.  I got this one out of the library, whereas I bought many of the other ones, because that's pretty much what it was worth to me.     