  This is, by far, my favorite ongoing, branded superhero comic on the shelves right now.  Out, Hardcore, and Widow are all so human and so kick-butt at the same time that I just can't put them down once I pick them up, no matter how many times I've read them.  Not to mention *drool* Born Again.  I bought this one, finally, to complete the collection, and while there are some parts that are awesome, there are some parts that don't resonate and one part that is just plain wrong.   First of all, the first Daredevil comic I ever read is in this collection, the one that got me into the character in the first place and made me buy all the other ones and the Millers etc, and that is the issue I like to call Superhero Intervention.  In it, Matt gets called into the park where his friends Peter Parker, Luke Cage, Dr. Strange, and Mr. Fantastic are all there, out of costume, telling him to stop being a crazy person.  It's brilliant.  Alex Maleev's rendering of Peter in particular is priceless.   Some stuff that doesn't work: Jessica Jones.  Okay, I love that character, but does Bendis really have to keep inserting her into his other comics?  And she just doesn't look right here.  Also, as the story plods on it starts to feel old.  There are also two full pages of Ben Uhrich just sitting there, talking.  It's the same frame, over and over again, for two whole pages.  Blah!  I mean, I love Ben, but I don't need to stare at his yabbering maw this long.   And then there is the part that is WRONG.  Please correct me if you know better, because I am relatively new to this comic, but wasn't Matt relatively old when his father was killed?  Because I checked, and when Miller wrote it in Visionaries, he was at least a teenager.  He was a kid when he lost his sight, but he was a grown-up teenager when his dad died.  After all, that's why he never has foster parents.  But here, in a giant splash page, Maleev draws him like he's ten years old.  Come on!  I've only been reading this comic a year and I know better!  This book is still great for fans, but if you want a good taste, start with Out, or Hardcore, or Widow.       