 I was in New York in 9/11.  I was in the WTC on September 8th; I was buying a book from the book store that used to be in the mall.  I, like millions of other Americans, feel very close to the events that took place that day.  I tear up whenever I hear Tori Amos' "I Can't See New York."  And I cried when I read this piece.  I am a big fan of Straczynski.  I love Babylon 5, I think "Rising Stars" is brilliant, and I think his work on Spiderman is breathing fresh life into an old book about a teenager who in the wrong hands would have aged without grace.  I think the "Happy Birthday" TPB is very, very good.  But this is better.  The single word, "God..." over a stunning rendering wide shot of the tragedy by John Romita, Jr. catches in your throat, and the rest of Peter's interior monologue is equally appropriate.  Captain America's sadness, Magneto's willingness to help, and the respect paid to the firefighters are among the many highpoints of this unique issue.  Now, everyone has talked about how good this issue is, and I've just echoed that, but I would also like to point out how note-perfect the rest of the TPB is.  The actual arc of this book is about how Aunt May finally finds out that her Peter is the reviled Spiderman, and how she comes to terms with that.    There are some comically beautiful moments, like when Peter is trying to figure out why Aunt May sounds so upset (he thinks maybe she's dying), and when Aunt May says she is relieved to find out that Peter isn't gay.    JMS also needs some props for writing Aunt May so well.   There's a very touching scene, where Peter admits that he could have saved Uncle Ben, and Aunt May forgives him.  This scene was sort of in the movie (#2), but it works so much better in this book.  In the movie, Aunt May gets mad, but you get the feeling that she's wrong -- she shouldn't be mad at him because scrawny Peter, as she knows him, couldn't conceivably stop a full grown man (a criminal!).  In the book, she knows he is a superhero and she knows he could have, SHOULD have, done something, but because she is a wise and loving person, a traditional grand dame from the greatest generation, she gives him the forgiveness he has always wanted but has never been able to ask for.  In short, any self-respecting Spidey fan should own this book.     