 I, like many aspiring filmmakers, read Aristotle's Poetics in college as part of a dramatic writing class.  There is nothing in there that one cannot reason out for oneself; still, it is useful to have it written out and classified. This is both because not all of us have time to think about dramatic theory/contemplate our navels, and also because Aristotle was a pretty clever guy and it's good to see what he thought about the things he was an expert on.  Of course, Orson Scott Card is not Aristotle; he is not even my favorite science fiction writer.  Still, he is a fairly good science fiction writer, and he has also taught college classes about writing science fiction, so he has a lot of insight in the theory of speculative fiction.  It may seem obvious and intuitive, but if it wasn't, then it wouldn't be true.  I found his classifications fairly useful.  For example, the difference between fantasy and science fiction, and what that means for business; the difference between various forms of space travel; and the difference between what he states as the three main forms of science fiction: hard science fiction, "gosh-wow" gadget stories, and pulpy space opera/adventure.  He gives good examples of each, some his own, some historical, and some obscure.  There are faults, as is to be expected.  His examples from his own work grow tiresome sometimes; by the end of his section about Hart's Hope, I began to think he was a terrible writer. He also has an irrational hatred of all things Star Trek, which grates.  Yes, Star Trek is pulpy pop culture, and I'm not the biggest fan myself, but there is some brilliant stuff in there -- several authors that Card lionizes in here have written episodes.  This is not a book that will teach you how to write a bestseller; it will not turn you into a Hugo winner if you are not one.  Anyone expecting that from a book is naive.  This slim guide is a good starting point, though, giving some good pointers, vocabulary, and suggestions for inspiration.     