 Let me start by saying that I love Daredevil in all his comic book incarnations (see my other reviews) and I love both Frank Miller and Brian Michael Bendis, so I'm open to different interpretations of the character.  But I thought the movie as shown in theatres was 'da suck.'  The big problem was that it felt like the guts of the movie were missing.  It felt like it jumped jarringly from his childhood to his injury in the church and then back around again.  By contrast, this movie takes its time in his childhood, giving his experience with his father more emotional weight.  The church scene still seems out of place but at least you care more.  The best addition is that the subplot of Coolio's trial has been added back into the story.  I didn't know it when I saw this movie in the theatre, but practially every scene in the second act of the movie ended with someone moving this trial along.  You should watch this just to know how much you missed!  The trial was actually a well-done murder mystery, and it gave Jon Favreau and even Ben Affleck more of a chance to be actors.  Another plus is that the sex scene with Elektra has been axed.  Instead of going home with her, Daredevil has to leave her to help a stranger in trouble.  The scene is very well done and feels much more like Matt Murdock.  Also, the fight scene with Kingpin has been extended and feels much more significant.  The breaking of the knees makes more sense and therefore no longer feels cheesy.  This movie is still flawed.  Ben Affleck is better but still not quite right.  Jennifer Garner is a lovely actress but she still looks silly kicking sandbags with little devils painted on them.  And I still get taken out of the story every time a minor character is named John Romita or Joe Quesada (famous Daredevil artists).  Most importantly, I DO NOT BUY DAREDEVIL AS A KILLER!!!  Why would he practice law and then go out and kill people?  But there is so much that is better about this version that I have to congratulate them for releasing it.     