 This is the B&W collection of the original Spiderman comics, and while I think it is great that you can get all these classics bound together for such a low price, this is not how there were originally published.  I would like to recommend to anyone interested in reading these that they consider the Barnes & Nobles exclusive version (sorry Amazon) that is about $10 and contains issues #1-10 and the Amazing Fantasy #15 in full color.    I am a great fan of Straczynski's work on Spiderman,and I have always been struck by Gwen Stacy's arc, so I finally got down to reading these issues.  As expected, these are honestly less sophisticated than what came later but still quite wonderful.    Stan Lee, the man who created the origins of most of the Marvel universe, is oddly not interested in origins.  The spider bite and the you-know-what of Uncle Ben all happen in the first issue; we never even learn why Peter doesn't have any parents.  Instead, he fills his pages with crazy superbattles and a character that is totally engaging.  Peter in these comics is young, brash, with a quiet repressed rage, so truthful to his age that Stan Lee must have based him on a real teenager.  Peter makes a ton of mistakes but ultimately pulls through because he is a good guy, and also, despite all his goofy one-liners, ridiculously powerful.  I didn't like Steve Ditko very much in the first couple of issues, and the ink work was very crude.  Compared to some work I've seen by Jack Kirby and others at the time, I thought he was an inferior artist.  By issue eight, though, the ink becomes much more refined, and Ditko really finds the characters.  One frame where Betty Brant is sitting all alone in an empty room is  really poignant.    I'm not going to lie: I'm an adult, and generally I prefer a good modern comic with mature dialogue and stylish art to this dated masterpiece.  Stan Lee, despite being one of the most prolific and creative writers of all time, is too impressed by weird science and gadgets and doesn't spend enough time on my favorite part, which is Peter himself.  In one impossible issue, Spiderman actually has to jump onto a spaceship returning from the moon and stop it from crashing by replacing its guidance system, midair, with no tools.  Which, by the way, is very similar to something Daredevil had to do in an early issue of that comic.  In another issue, Peter spontaneously cures the Lizard of a genetic disorder after an afternoon of research.  I know this is "just a comic," but it can be pretty hard to suspend disbelief.  There is so much that is brilliant, thought, that you have to love it.  Some of the Spiderman's humor is spot-on.  And when Aunt May is sick, and Peter actually has to frame himself for robbery in a bogus photograph in order to get money... or when Peter finally decides to fight Flash in the boxing ring, wins, but is still somehow seen as a loser... that's dramatic irony so wide-eyed with its own originality that it can't be matched anywhere else.     