 Why do great shows keep trying to survive on Fox?  Fox seems to have this idea that if a show doesn't succeed in its first four airings, two on Friday night and two against "The Apprentice," that it is somehow unworthy?  They also seem to think that if a show can't survive despite little or no advertising that it isn't bankable.  If every network had this philosophy, neither "Seinfeld" nor "Cheers" would have made it past the first season!  None of my friends ever even heard of this show.  I only knew about it because my boyfriend was working at MTV at the time; they were mailing out screeners and he snagged one.  After watching those four episodes, I knew the world had missed out, and I snatched up the DVD the instant it came out.  The concept of this show is simple, and superficially sounds like "Joan of Arcadia": a higher power talks to Jaye Tyler through inanimate objects.  It is nothing like "Joan of Arcadia," however.   Instead of being sentimental and obvious, the higher power of "Wonderfalls" is ambiguous and often rude.  Jaye is also a great character, a snarky slacker with a heart of gold, and some of the secondary characters are inspired, especially Jaye's family, although her friend's Mahandra and Eric are a little simplistic.    Like "Firefly" before it, this was a brilliant, touching, original, and funny show written by talented people from team Angel that was cancelled before its time.  If you have ever seen "Dead Like Me," this show is very similar in tone because it is also co-created by Bryan Fuller.  But unlike "Dead Like Me" and "Angel," this show was easily accessible because it lacked the intense supernatural trappings and complex story arcs that make those shows hard for initiates to watch.   This DVD collection is great.  I'm guessing it was put together by the same people as the "Firefly" discs, because it has the same slim packaging and the 5.1 mix was done by the same company (and it's a fun mix -- at times, voices in Jaye's head come from all over the room).  The unaired episodes are quite a bit better than the ones that were aired, as you will realize when you watch episode #6 (Lovesick Ass).  I haven't listened to the commentaries yet, but the fact that they exist is a big plus.  All in all, this is a spectacular show, and I really don't understand why it was cancelled.  More than that, I don't understand why creators keep trying to sell their shows to FOX because if it isn't "American Idol," they should know by now that's its going to be cancelled.     