 Just to add my two cents on where this ranks among their three masterpieces, this one gets 4.75 stars.  Decoration Day got the full five and Southern Rock Opera gets about 4.4.  So it's a slight comedown from Decoration Day but not much.  As mentioned in other reviews, the amazing thing about this band is the triple threat, both in terms of songwriting and guitar playing.  Patterson Hood is still my favorite songwriter of the three and he does his typical great job.  Nothing quite as great as "Sink Hole" or "My Sweet Annette" from DD but "Tornadoes," "Sands of Iwo Jima," "Lookout Mountain" and especially "Putting People on the Moon" are at his typical lofty level.  Isbell hits a home run on "Danko/Manuel" and I'd say a triple on "Never Gonna Change."  But the man this time is Cooley.  "Where the Devil Don't Stay" is an awesome and menacing song that kind of sums up exactly what southern rock should sound like.  "Daddy's Cup" is my pick for the best song on the album.  Kind of like Isbell's "Outfit" on DD, the song threatens to be corny but stays on the right side of the line and will continue to choke you up even after you've heard it 25 times.  "Cottonseed" is the third Cooley gem.  I just caught these guys live and Cooley's persona, not nearly as warm and gregarious as Hood or even Isbell, really fits with the moody menace of his best songs.  For me, what keeps this one from matching Decoration Day are three songs (one by each writer, in fact) that aren't quite filler but don't scream "classic" the way every other song does: "The Day John Henry Died," "Carl Perkins' Cadillac" and "The Buford Stick."  As for whether they are the best Southern Rock band of all time, my answer is no.  They are number two behind the Allman Brothers.  But I believe that they have left Skynyrd, Marshall Tucker and all the other boogie bands in the dust.  None of those bands can boast the gripping songwriting and the balanced attack of DBT and DBT rocks at least as hard as they do.  Are they the best band working today?  I couldnt say.  Certainly it would be tough to rank them ahead of bands like Wilco and Modest Mouse but really those bands and many like them are introspective and indie-ish in a way that the DBT clearly are not.  I know of know better band who's making arena-type rock than DBT.  Also, just think of the bands mentioned above.  If they were renamed Jeff Tweedy and Isaac Brock tomorrow, would anything really change?  On the other hand, DBT is a band in the true sense of the word and would suffer greatly with the loss of any of its songwriters.  Finally, let me add my recommendation to catch them live at any cost.  I saw them in NYC on January 1.  Later the same day that they rang in the New Year with a 1 am show, they played for 3 hours and 40 minutes, one of the best club shows I have ever seen.  The well-chosen covers (Ain't Talkin' Bout Love, People Who Died) fit well with all of this album and some great selections from their back catalog.  Don't miss this band.         