 A case can certainly be made that 1984 is the greatest novel ever written.  We know that the Modern Library infamously dubbed Ulysses the greatest novel of the last century even though most people find it completely unreadable.  Too many critics and members of the intelligentsia equate impenetrability with greatness, probably thinking that the greatest novels must be aimed only at the gifted few. 1984 lacks snob appeal and it is shockingly readable.  I guess this is why it gets dissed with the #13 ranking on that list.  Of course, my own criteria are different.  In my opinion, the greatest novels should at the very least be great reads.  Nothing is more audacious or ambitious than setting out to write a page turner that happens to carry a thought-provoking and devastating message.  Or, put another way, what's the point of burying your message in a book that no one can read?  I've never read Ulysses, but I think I can say that 1984 is simply a better novel because part of what a novel must do is thread its message through a plot that the reader actually can and wants to follow.  1984 is a thriller.  It is part sci-fi and part fantasy.  But of course its is meant to convey the feel of an actual political system that dominated half the globe at the time of its writing.  Unlike Animal Farm, which is kind of a roman a clef of the Russian Revolution, the events and characters of 1984 are not meant to correspond directly to events and persons in the Soviet Union in the late 40's.  Big Brother is, of course, Stalin.  But that comparison is easier to make in retrospect since no Soviet leader was nearly as Big Brother-like as Stalin.  But I imagine that Big Brother is meant to evoke any totalitarian leader rather than a particular one.  The fact that 1984 does not simply follow history is a major strength since it allows Orwell's imagination to run wild. As you read 1984, you experience the oppression that a citizen in a totalitarian state must feel every day.  Orwell conveys  many of the brutal tactics of such a state: the neverending assault of propaganda, the isolation of individuals, the destruction of truth and memory.  And all in service of a great plot. Perhaps the reason that a book like Ulysses outranks 1984 is that 1984 is ultimately not about a big enough subject.  Ulysses after all is about "consciousness," or something like that.  While 1984 is a perfect evocation of the central political story of the 20th Century, maybe that's just not ambitious enough.  But I submit that 1984 is about something much larger.  It is about the power of language and the power to control others through language.  Central to the plot, of course, is the regime's creation of newspeak and the goal of constantly reducing the number of words available to the citizenry.  Simply, the book equates words with freedom, which is a pretty big idea. Anyhow, when I first read 1984, I thought there were two flaws: First, I thought that the "reprinting" of Emmanuel Goldberg's manuscript was unecessary since it was really just a rehash of things Winston already knew and which were already confirmed to the reader.  That part slows the pace of the novel.  I still think that's a flaw.  The other problem I had was that Orwell ultimately abandons the pitch-black humor that he injects throughout the first two thirds of the book.  I no longer have a problem with that.  Simply you can't have your cake and eat it.  The ending is what it is and it works.   Another interesting thought about the ending is this.  In retrospect we know the actual fate of the Soviet Union.  We know that if a totalitarian system develops a few cracks it must ultimately collapse.  But in 1949, the Soviet Union probably looked as impregnable and invincible as Oceania.  Which would make this book that much more chilling if read when it first came out. Finally, I'm not sure if 1984 is the greatest novel of all time.  It may not even be my favorite.  But certainly a case can be made for putting it at the top of the all-time list.     