 My main problem with this book was that it was very repetitive, owing to the decision by the authors to tell the story chronologically.  As a result we are constantly forced to re-read the same arguments for and against certain government decisions that were made in the war on bioterror.  For instance the entire discussion of anthrax vaccinations, which should have been a fascinating subject is rendered completely flat as we see the same arguments repeated and spread over most of the book's length.  Surely, it would have made for better reading if we were given perhaps two concise chapters on this subject, one on the debate in the months leading up to the war and one on the debate after the war.  That would have given a very intriguing view of how decisions are made in the so-called military-industrial complex. Similarly, the subject of the scope of the Soviet germ program and its appalling degradation of human health and the environment is flattened out by the aauthor's approach in which they intertwine it with subjects that are only distantly related, such as Iraq's program and homeland defense.  A story with spies, defectors and an evil regime callously disregarding the health of its citizenry should have been as good a read as any fiction.  Instead the authors drag it out and take the fizz out of it.  It's still incredible to read about it, but only due to the sheer force of the facts and not by any skill of the authors in bringing it to life.   Another major strand of the book, the UNSCOM inspections of Iraq's germ facilities doesn't manage to provide a compelling read, although it should have.  The authors weren't skilled enough to convey the complexities of this material.  And again, the reader needs to be immersed in the subject for a chapter or two rather than constantly being brought back to it over the course of a book. There was also an occasional sloppiness to the book that was surprising for NY Times writers and probably reflected a rush to get it out after 9/11.  At one point the home states of three Senators was botched.  Names come flying back into the narrative after 20 or 30 pages, often without a reminder of who they are.  Also, the writers give short shrift to the simulations performed by the government.  The problem here is that you can't really make out what it means to be involved with one of these responses to a virtual crisis. Altogether, a major disappointment, although the material is often inherently interesting and, in the absence of a better book on the subject, this book is probably still worth reading.     