 ...Whether this one is better than New Day Rising.  It's a great question that should consume Husker Du fans and music historians for years to come.  It's kind of like these two albums are mirror images of one another.  Zen Arcade is their last hardcore album but with many of the flashes of pop brilliance to come.  New Day Rising is their first post-hardcore pop album but with many traces of their old hardcore selves.  Basically, Husker Du's career trajectory was like climbing a musical Mount Everest and both albums sit on the summit.   Adding to the feeling of transition is the fact this really plays like three separate records: the first quarter is like the last great hardcore EP, the second quarter is some kind of overly dramatic death punk.  The second half is the first great post-hardcore record.  Its like they bury a genre and create a new one all in one place. I think the tendency is to rate Zen Arcade higher, both because it is more challenging and more likely to give you indie cred.  It also came first, by which right it outsrips is successor in musical influence.  But at the times that I think that New Day Rising is better, my thinking tends to revolve around three songs on this album: Beyond the Threshold, Pride and I'll Never Forget You.  Simply put, these are not easy songs to listen to.  Some of the times I listen to the album, I allow it to play through and check my ears for blood during these songs.  But I don't apologize for sometimes blowing past these songs and making the listening a more pleasant experience on the order of listening to New Day Rising.  These songs are critical because they take you to the bottom of the abyss that the album evokes.  In other words, they are the album's emotional core.  But they are musically limited in a way that the other 20 tracks are not. Speaking of which, highlights include (but are not limited to) the first four tracks, "Somewhere," "Pink Turns to Blue", which sounds like what would come on Warehouse, "The Tooth Fairy Princess," which is very eerie but also anticipates the less heavy psychedelic experiments to come on Flip Your Wig, and "Turn on the News," which has an anthemic call and response chorus that is unlike anything else Husker Du ever did. So this may or may not be the pinnacle of the best band of the '80's.  Who knows?     