 Simply put, Keep it Like a Secret is the culmination of the greatest three album run in indie rock history.    My story with this album is something like MWM's just below.  It's a little embarassing but it must be told.  I bought this album when it came out in '99.  Somehow, I didn't get it.  Somehow, I stopped listening to it almost immediately.  And somehow, I eventually sold it back.  It wasn't until 5 years later that I got back into BTS via There's Nothing Wrong With Love.  I quickly got every BTS recording including obscure stuff like the BTS/Caustic Resin EP.  Having seen them in NYC last year, I feel comfortable now calling them my favorite band.    I too regret my lost time with this band, but my failure to connect immediately with them is not a random thing.  This stuff comes at your ear from a different direction than you may be used to and it MUST be listened to several times before you start to get it. You hear the word "angular" used a lot to describe BTS and whatever that means it seems to convey this facet of their music.  Great music is often uncomfortable to hear the first time and BTS was because it truly is something different, an advance in the history of rock music.  Humorously enough, my brother, who has similar musical taste to me is caught where I was 5 years back.  He owns this one and never spins it.  I burned him There's Nothing Wrong With Love and Perfect From Now On and he shrugged them off after one listen.  Dude, if you're reading this, get into this band already.  For those new to BTS, this is a great place to start.  There are definitely moments on their previous two albums that I would consider my favorites (Car, Big Dipper, I Would Hurt a Fly), but this is probably their most consistent and accessible album overall.  This band tends to be compared to Sonic Youth, Modest Mouse and Pavement, but if you're like me, you find those bands either too avant garde, too angry or too arch (respectively) to truly love them and setlle for liking them instead.  While similar, Built to Spill are humble and earnest enough to connect with emotionally and they are adventurous and experimental without resorting to pointless noise.  Get this, then go to town on their whole catalog, then wait breathlessly for "You in Reverse" in April.        