 Caro's second book on Lyndon Johnson is riddled with flaws, which almost certainly makes it the worst book that Caro ever wrote.  That said, Caro's worst is miles better than most authors' best.  I would urge everyone to read it but only as a necessary step in taking in Caro's massive, epic bio of LBJ. Personally, I think the problem with this book is that there is no need for it to exist as a separate volume.  The first thing that will strike many people is the book's length.  At just over 400 pages, it is far shorter than Caro's other three books (vol. 1 and 3 and The Power Broker).  Hopefully, no one will be encouraged to start with volume 2 for this reason.  Actually, the book barely justifies its relatively short length.  Anyone who read Path to Power will find many parts of this book a rehash of that one, often in the exact same words.  If you got rid of all the repetition and shortened what may be the overlong treatment of the 1948 Senate race, you are left with about 250 pages worth of material.  At that length, this book could have been appended to volume 1 and that book would still have been shorter than the Power Broker or Master of the Senate. My theory is that Caro meant to do something like that, but found himself way past his deadline for getting a book done and cut the first one short.  The only thing to do next was to cobble another book out of the years 1941 to 1948 before embarking on the epic book about Johnson's Senate career.  It also seems likely that Caro meant to get Johnson's life done in 3 volumes rather than the 4 or 5 that now seem likely.  While this may not all seem relevant, it goes to my main point: This is part of a great biography, but it isn't a great book. As for another typical gripe with this book -- that it is too negative -- I agree.  In the intro Caro says that LBJ's political career was characterized by dark and light strands woven together.  There's no doubt about that and that is what makes him such a compelling subject.  But Caro then goes on to say that the light strand was missing during the period of this volume.  That seems too simplistic.  I have to believe that LBJ was basically the same person in the 40's as he was in the 30's and 50's.  That thought by Caro is meant to prepare you for a book that basically savages its subject and it shows that even he probably thought it was overly harsh. This leads to a similar point as before: The overall tone of The Years of Lyndon Johnson is on the money, but this book is a little off.  As with The Power Broker, the overall bio is justifiably critical of its subject and provides a nice counterpoint to good but overly hagiographic Presidential bios like John Adams.  More to the point, the critical tone yields nonfiction writing that must be among the most readable and entertaining ever.  Caro is certainly more in his element writing about corruption and abuse of power than in writing about positive political accomplishments. Overall, however, this book is very strong by any objective standards.  Caro successfully makes his case that the 1948 election was a watershed event and then brings it fully to life.  But again, we wonder if Coke Stevenson was quite as much of a saint as he appears in these pages. Read it. Love it. Savor it.  But only as a necessary bridge between the far superior first and third volumes.     