 This is a heartbreakingly painful book to read. It took me almost a month to get through it because I simply couldnt stand to read more than a small bit at a time. Yes, there are heroes and heroines here -- people who strove again and again to save victims of genocide. But if youre anything like me, when you finish "A Problem From Hell" you will know far more about how monstrously human beings can behave than you want to believe. "Evil" seems too mild a word to describe it. And you will also see what in some ways is even worse -- the ease with which "good" people can ignore mass murder. Nevertheless, as difficult as it is to read, this is an important, extremely well-researched, and clearly and concisely-written book, and Id recommend it highly (even urgently) to anyone who has an interest in American foreign policy. And even those who think they don't. At the end of World War II, the world swore that "never again" would we stand by while millions were slaughtered. Samantha Power deals with selected post-war examples of times when the world failed to live up to that promise -- in Cambodia, Iraq, Rwanda and the former Yugoslavia. Unfortunately, it would be easy to add several more to her list. In fact, shes been criticized -- from both the right and left -- for some examples she left out of the analysis. However, I feel strongly that her focus on the four late twentieth century genocides makes this a better book than it otherwise would have been. The limited number of examples allows Power to explore deeply both the differences and the similarities between these genocides. The differences are important because so often that is what both the press and the government focus on. We misinterpreted the genocide in Cambodia because the Khmer Rouge was not murdering members of an ethnic group, but political and class enemies. Saddam Hussein targeted an ethnic group -- the Kurds -- but the Kurds were rebelling against the government at that time, so it was possible to view the situation as more an overly harsh attempt to put down a rebellion than as a genocide.  But, as Power shows, focusing on how each example was different from the Holocaust was less a misunderstanding than it was an excuse for inaction. There are plenty of other excuses. We cant be sure if the victims stories are accurate. We see the victims fight back and think they are just as guilty as the perpetrators. We are worried that acting may create more problems than it solves. But mostly it just comes down to this: most Americans are not very interested in what goes on outside our country and no politician has ever been voted out of office for failing to intervene abroad. Under those circumstances, only the best and the bravest will stand up. And intervention does not necessarily mean military intervention (although that certainly cant be ruled out). One of the most interesting conclusions of Powers book is that the world is hampered in responding to signs of genocide because we think that noticing that it is taking place will require us to act militarily. Not wanting to go to war, we pretend that the genocide is not taking place. But, as Power quite convincingly argues, there are many indications that by taking early strong stands against a country murdering its own citizens, we can stop it. When we refuse to even condemn the killing, we only encourage the thugs in power to go farther. This book raises issues that as citizens and moral human beings we all should be grappling with.     