 This album isnt quite as good as some of the reviews I read of it suggested, but its still pretty good. I grew up on 60s and 70s soul music, when people like Aretha Franklin, Stevie Wonder and Marvin Gaye made some of the most interesting and innovative music of a very creative era. R&B has fallen hard since then. For awhile it seemed like there was nothing much left of it except some danceable grooves sung by pretty (but talentless) people in skimpy clothes. But in the last couple of years, its come roaring back, full of life, and Macy Gray is definitely one of the high points of the revival. Shes got one of the most intriguing voices Ive ever heard. You either love it or hate it (although I suspect a lot of people who hate it now will grow to love it as they get used to its unique sound).  Hearing that great voice, I wish I could say this was a great album, but I dont think its quite there. Its got four great songs. "Do Something" is a Lauryn Hill-like  fusion of hip-hop and neo-soul. The lyrics are yearning and inspiring and Gray sings it movingly. "I Try" and "Still" are pure old soul songs. Her voice here reminds me of Dusty Springfield  soulful, but subtle as well. Some of the best singing Ive heard in a long time. "Ive Committed Murder" is utterly unique. The first time I heard it I thought the combination of the angry language and the lilting rhythms didnt work very well together, but the more Ive listened to it, the better I think it is. She fuses love and anger in much the same way Bob Marley does on "I Shot the Sheriff." Unfortunately, the rest of the album isnt up to the level of those songs. Theyre not bad. "Why Didnt You Call Me" is a nice, funky party song. "Caligula" and "Sex-o-Matic" remind me of Donna Summer  a good singer stuck with formulaic material. She makes it work, but you know shed be better with better material. "I Cant Wait To Meetchu" is a religious song, but it just seems full of cliches to me. It has none of the genuine spiritual yearning that threads through Lauryn Hills album. And the last two songs  "A Moment To Myself" and "The Letter"  are okay, but theres nothing special about them. Still, four great songs and six pretty good ones is not bad. More important is that Grays voice and the variety of her first-rate songs suggests that shes got a lot more good stuff in her. I cant wait to hear her next album.     