 The Liars Club is second only to Angelas Ashes as my favorite memoir of all time, but I hesitated reading this sequel because sequels so rarely live up to the original. I had just finished reading Frank McCourts lackluster sequel to Angelas Ashes about the time I first saw this book in the bookstores, and I was not in the mood to be disappointed again. Fortunately, this time I wasnt. Cherry is not quite as good as The Liars Club ( not many books are), but it is still a very good book and well worth reading. The writing style that was the heart and soul of The Liars Club, Karrs unique mixture of lyricism and Texas grit, is still here, and still a pleasure to read. She makes you laugh and breaks your heart. And there are a number of other things that make this book special. In The Liars Club, Karr left me in awe of the strangeness of her family and childhood. In contrast, I think anyone who was a teenager in the seventies, especially women, will find a great deal to identify with in this book. Karr does a wonderful job of capturing a decade when the world went out of control in many ways, but adults were still trying to keep teenagers locked in the 1950s. Karr seems to think that mixture of insane freedom and mind-numbing repression was unique to east Texas, but I went to high school at the same time Mary Karr did, in southern California, and it was pretty much the same.  The other thing that Mary Karr writes well about in this book is the sexuality of teenage girls. Teenage boys have been well covered, but this is the first book Ive read that seems to get girls initial interest in sex right. Again and again you see the teenaged Mary reaching out, not really for sex, and not for love and commitment (the clich about what girls want), but more for a kind of romance and communion. It rings very true. The writing here is as honest and insightful as anything youll ever read. I agree with a lot of critics that this is a less hopeful book than The Liars Club. As a child, Mary had so much grit, you knew she would come out on top of her circumstances. The teenaged Mary seems lost in them. Its honest, but it wears you down sometimes. I wish she had continued the book a little farther into her life, to some point when she rediscovered some of toughness she had as a child (she must have found it, or she could never have written these two wise and honest books). It would have made for a less gloomy ending. But I look forward to the next book. All in all, Id say if you have not read The Liars Club, you should definitely read that first. Not only is it a better book, a brilliant book, but this book will make a lot more sense if youve read the earlier one. But if youve already read and enjoyed The Liars Club, dont hesitate to read this one. Its a worthy sequel.     