 I have been in love with the sound of Billie Holidays voice for decades, and own several now out-of-print collections of her work on vinyl. But I put off buying anything by her on CD, mainly because I wasnt sure where to begin. I knew I would be wasting my money on any one or two disk "best of" collection, because Holiday simply made many  more brilliant recordings than you can squeeze into a couple of disks. Then I discovered this series  nine volumes of songs she recorded between 1933 and 1942, from her first record, with Benny Goodmans Orchestra, to the peak of her powers. Of course, nine CDs is a lot of music, and a lot of money  too much for a one-time purchase. So Im buying the whole series bit by bit over time. I started with this one, and having now bought four of the nine volumes, I still think this is one of the best, and a great place to begin exploring Holidays work. I dont think you can choose a "best" CD in the series, but this one is fabulous. Of its eighteen tracks, at least a dozen are classic, must-have performances. "Georgia On My Mind," "God Bless The Child," "Am I Blue?" "Until The Real Thing Comes Along"  these are some of the best recordings Billie Holiday made, some of the best performances any singer has ever given. Of course, two of the worst songs she ever recorded are also on this disk. "Wherever You Are" is a piece of World War II patriotism better suited to Kate Smith than Billie Holiday. Historically interesting, but still a lousy song. And "Mandy Is Two" is so sappy and sweet it could give you diabetes. But with a singer of Holidays caliber, even dreadful songs are interesting to listen to. And the good ones (or even the mediocre ones  Billie Holiday could get more out of a so-so song that most singers could out of brilliant ones) are stunners. Someone once said that the worse Billie Holiday felt, the better she sang. Theres a lot of truth in that, and this CD has several of her most beautiful heartbreakers. But I think shes even better on songs where she seems to be singing two emotions at the same time, or at cross-purposes to the spirit of the lyrics. "Romance In The Dark," for example, is a cheerful little love song, but theres a touch of sadness in Billies voice that tells you she does not believe for an instant that the romance is going to last. On the other hand, she sings all the sadness in the old torch song "Am I Blue? but like the best blues singers, shes got anger and determination in her voice, too. She may be blue, but you hear her pulling herself out of it as she sings. Every half-decent female singer who comes along gets compared to Billie Holiday, but few have sung with either the intensity or the emotional complexity she did. This album is a great sample of her artistry.     