 Although I had been hearing his songs for years, since I was a little kid, the first Bob Dylan album I bought was Highway 61 Revisited. I was twelve years old at the time and did not remotely understand it. When Dylan sang, "You dont know whats happening here, do you Mr. Jones?" I knew just how Mr. Jones felt. I didnt get it either. Funny thing about that album though, I kept listening to it. Over and over. So often that eventually I wore down the grooves and had to buy a second copy. The music was different from anything I had ever heard. (Like most American kids in the sixties, I had no knowledge of the brilliant roots of American music. I thought country music was for hillbillies, and blues I had never heard at all.  Dylan already had them in his blood and bones and was a master of combining those roots.) Although I was much too young to make sense of Dylans sometimes surreal lyrics, there was some quality to the language that I could not get out of my head. Lines stayed with me and I had a great yearning to understand them. I have always viewed Highway 61 as a turning point in my life. It started a love affair with roots music and language that, more than thirty years later, I still have not recovered from. Sorry if that seems like a digression. I mention it because I have exactly the same feeling listening to Love and Theft. I bought this album more than a month ago and Ive listened  to it ( and not much else) almost every day since. It is easily one of the most compelling albums Dylan has ever made, in the same league as Highway 61, Bringing It All Back Home, Blonde on Blonde, and Blood On The Tracks.  At first it is the music that grabs you. The range of musical genres and the quality of the musicians is so astounding I literally listened to the album for a week or more without paying any attention whatsoever to the lyrics. This is one of the best bands Dylan has ever played with. And when you consider that this is a man who has had Al Kooper, Mike Bloomfield and The Band as backup musicians, that is really saying something.  And Dylans singing on Love and Theft is equally astonishing. I know the clich is that Dylan is a brilliant writer and a lousy singer, but that has never been true. His voice has always been unconventional, sometimes downright unpleasant, but he has also consistently been the best interpreter of his own songs. As he has gotten older, his voice has developed into an eccentric cross between Johnny Cash and Howlin Wolf, country and blues, gentle and snarling, that couldnt be more perfect for these songs. But great as the music is, this is of course a Dylan album, and at some point it is the lyrics that make it brilliant. Im tempted to quote dozens of lines from the album that have kept popping into my head over the past month, illuminating things that have been going on in the world, but Ill limit myself to one. Every time I see a politician on t.v. using tragedy to push an agenda, I hear Dylans voice, from "Summer Days," singing about politicians "sucking the blood out of the genius of generosity." Got that right. For almost forty years, Dylan has managed to be both topical and timeless. I have read several reviews of this album that mentioned how timely Love and Theft seems, mainly because of its apocalyptic language and its sense of danger. But the truth is, Dylan was writing that way on his earliest albums. If the album feels perfect for this moment in history (and the critics are right about that), it is not just because Dylan writes so brilliantly about a world in which "every moment of existence seems like some dirty trick," and "some things are just to terrible to be true," but because he is able to record horror in an absolutely honest voice and still come out of it with little scraps of love, hope and redemption, all the more meaningful because of the threat of the world in which we find them.  Dylan has always been an honest and sane voice in a crazy, dishonest world, and I especially welcome those qualities right now. What a perfect time for him to have given birth to one of the best albums of his career.     