 Some people say you can judge a society by how it treats its weakest members, and if that is true the United States has repeatedly failed the test. When it comes to dealing with the most vulnerable people among us  children whose families can not or will not take care of them  over and over we turn our backs on horrible examples of abuse and neglect. After reading Orphan Trains, which deals with the origins of the foster care system in the mid-nineteenth century, the first attempts to deal with the problems of children without families, rather than dealing with the problems (primarily crime) that such children created for society, Im struck by the fact that this failure is far from a new thing. Charles Loring Brace, the founder of the Childrens Aid Society, which found homes for orphans, runaways, and children who had essentially been abandoned by their families, was both an intelligent and a well-intentioned man. Fighting the prejudice of his time, he argued that homeless children were not criminals and threats to society, but potentially upstanding citizens. All they needed was the love and attention of a family. A noble sentiment, but unfortunately Brace mixed it with another noble, but tragically wrong, sentiment. He believed that all middle class families, especially farm families, were good. So he put New York children on trains headed west to be taken in by just about any family that would have them. Many children were adopted by wonderful, caring families, but others ended up as virtual slave labor. Girls were often subject to sexual abuse. In hindsight, it is easy for us to see the flaws in Braces thinking. But in a fascinating final chapter, Stephen OConnor points out that we are making many of the same mistakes today because, like Brace, we dont see children who need families as unique individuals. We argue abstractly about whether it is better for a child to stay in a flawed family or be removed to a foster family, when the truth is that there are thousands of factors to take into consideration in each case (of course taking those factors into consideration would require well-trained social workers with small caseloads  which we are unwilling to pay for). We argue about whether a child ought to be placed in a family of his race or ethnic group, or whether any good family is better than none, when the truth is that it depends on the child. Some children feel out of place if they are not in families that look like them; for other children race or ethnicity makes little difference. But to get children to the right place, we need to invest time, and time is expensive. Whether in the nineteenth century or the twenty-first, good intentions and theories about what is best for children dont take the place of seeing children as individuals. As a society, we need to decide if we care enough about children to pay for the time and attention they need.  Orphan Trains has a complex and fascinating story to tell and makes a great contribution to an important national issue.     