 The Blind Assassin gives you everything you expect from a good Margaret Atwood novel  a plot more intricate and absorbing than the best murder mysteries, intelligent and intriguing characters, profound psychological insights, sharp writing, a wicked, hypocrisy-busting sense of humor, and thought-provoking ideas. Ive read every one of her novels and never been disappointed. She has consistently been the most entertaining of literary writers.  Before I read the book, I glanced at the reviews and was disappointed by their vagueness. Some people loved it, some people hated it (a writer as intelligent and original as Margaret Atwood invites extreme reactions), but nobody explained very clearly, I thought, what the novel was about. Now that Ive read it, I understand the vagueness, and sympathize with the reviewers. Its impossible to explain much of anything about The Blind Assassins plot without ruining it for another reader. The novel revolves around a woman in her eighties, Iris Chase-Griffen, whose sister, Laura, famous as the author of a science fiction novel with a cult-like following, died more than fifty years ago, possibly a suicide. A few years after Lauras death, Iriss husband also dies, also a possible suicide. And thirty years later, Iriss only daughter dies in an accident involving drugs and alcohol. We learn all this within the first twenty pages of the novel, and spend the next five hundred pages trying to figure out the relationships between these people and events. To give you even one more hint about the plot would wreck the suspense. As in Atwoods previous novel, Alias Grace, the more you learn, the farther from the truth you seem to get. The suspense holds you right to the last page.  The best thing about The Blind Assassin is the main character (and narrator for most of the book). Iris Chase-Griffen is one of Atwoods most interesting characters to date. She has a cranky, curmudgeonly streak that allows Atwood to give free rein to her biting wit (while reading the book, I kept driving my family crazy repeating deliciously mordant Atwoodisms  they were so good, so funny, I couldnt keep them to myself). But as the novel progresses, you discover a pain under the wit that makes her a more complex and interesting character than you first gave her credit for. By mid-novel, its no longer just the suspenseful plot that keeps you turning pages, but also a fascination with Iris.  As much as I enjoyed The Blind Assassin, I dont think its Atwoods best. I prefer both The Handmaids Tale and Alias Grace  and if you have never read a book by Margaret Atwood before, Id suggest reading one of those before you read this one. In the Blind Assassin, Atwood uses a trick of speaking of characters only as "he" and "she," without naming them, so that you cant tell until the very end who the characters are. In the end, her reason for doing that makes sense, but it still seemed a little bit of a cheat. Also, she has bits of Laura Chases science fiction novel scattered throughout the book. To some extent, it reflects and comments on the lives of the people in Atwoods novel. At least I think that was Atwoods intention. I dont think she completely pulls it off, and that disappointed me a little, because I think exploring the connection between authors lives and the fiction they create would have been fascinating. Including more of the science fiction novel would have made The Blind Assassin even better than it is.  But those are quibbles. This may not be Margaret Atwoods best, but thats an awfully high standard to hold anyone to. It would be most writers masterpiece. You really dont want to miss this book.     