 Laura Nyro wrote a wonderful song called Louises Church, about underappreciated women artists, in which she proclaims, "Billie was a real musician." I love both Laura Nyro and Billie Holiday, but that always seemed to me a really odd line. Of course Holiday was one of the greatest singers who ever lived, if not THE greatest, but a musician?  After I listened to this CD, Nyros assertion suddenly made sense to me. Billie Holiday is well-known for her ability to take a trite song and make it shine by singing contrary to the spirit of the lyrics, or bringing out subtle shades of meaning that even the lyricist was probably unaware of. There are plenty of samples of that talent on this album. She sings the chirpy "Things Are Looking Up" at a dirge-like speed, and with an ache in her voice. And the way she sings "My First Impression of You"  a bland little ode to love at first sight  you know the first impression turned out to be wrong. But what impresses me most about this album, more than any other Billie Holiday album I own, is that it shows off her talent as a musician. The musicians who back her up on these tracks are astounding  Buck Clayton, Teddy Wilson,  and especially Lester Young (the play between Holidays voice and Youngs saxophone on "Getting Some Fun Out of Life" is one of the high points in the history of popular music  that alone is worth the price of the disk.) Obviously these 18 tracks arent the only ones she ever cut with these musicians. She worked with them on and off throughout her career. But the instrumentalists are featured prominently on most of these songs -- on several tracks, the vocal doesnt even come in until the middle of the song  and the music is so gorgeous you could subtract Billies voice and it would still be a joy to listen to. Of course, youd never want to take out the vocal from these songs, because theyre not only examples of great singing, theyre an essential part of the music. Its not just that the band did a great job of supporting Billie Holiday, but also that she does a great job of supporting them. Her tone is gorgeous and her rhythm is both impeccable and unique. Even when theres not much to do in the song, she blends in as one more beautifully toned instrument in a knockout orchestra. Laura Nyro was right  Billie was a real musician, one who could more than hold her own with some of the best musicians who ever lived. If you have any interest at all in Billie Holiday's work, this album is an essential purchase.     