 Darin Strauss has written a daring novel, dealing with the lives of the famous "Siamese Twins" who performed in circus shows in the mid-nineteenth century.  The very idea of conjoined twins still has the power to make most people uncomfortable. You can't help but picture yourself in their place -- never having any privacy, and surely never having a sense of yourself as a unique individual. The greatest strength of this novel is that Strauss quickly gets the reader past seeing Chang and Eng as oddities and into a view of them as individuals. Eng, the narrator, and more intellectual and emotionally reserved of the two, longs to be separated from his crude, sensual, hard-drinking, and spotlight-loving brother. At times he despises his brother and believes they share nothing but their physical link. He finally realizes however, that he owes all the excitement, and even love, in his life to his more adventurous brother. As much as he wants to be separate, he recognizes that his brother is as much an emotional as a physical part of him. Strauss brings Chang and Eng to life by making the reader realize that their struggle -- the need to be separate and the need to share lives with others -- is nothing more than an extreme manifestation of a dilemma all of us face. We are all both free individuals and members of communities, and there is often a conflict between those two aspects of our lives. The fact that the twins lived in North Carolina at the time of the Civil War adds a further dimension to this idea. Eng identifies very strongly with the Southern cause, the desire to be separate from the union. Clearly it becomes, for him, a metaphor for his own desires.  My only quibble with the novel is that at times the metaphor of separation and union gets a little heavy-handed. Eng simply reminds us a few too many times about what the cause of secession means to him, and that draws some attention away from the characters and story. But overall, this is a really fine first novel.     