 I voted for Al Gore in the last election, but after reading this book, Id like to withdraw my vote. I suspect most Republican readers will want to take theirs back too. Jake Tappers rock solid investigative reporting leads you to an uncomfortable but undeniable conclusion: whether you voted Democratic or Republican, you supported the wrong guy. Both parties behaved shamefully. Neither deserved our votes. Basically, the Republicans won because they were meaner and more willing to play dirty than the Democrats were. It also helped that they completely control the political machine in Florida  even the local Democrats were afraid of getting on the wrong side of the governor. That made it easier for them to get away with lying, cheating and stealing. But as a life-long Democrat, I cant take much comfort in the fact that the Republicans behaved slightly worse than the Democrats did. My party spread vile rumors about their opponents and threatened Democratic canvassing board members who werent towing the party line. The exploited racial fears. And they insisted publicly that they wanted every vote counted, while fighting to get only their votes counted. This is one of the most disturbing books Ive ever read. Oddly enough, in spite of the fact that its a troubling book, its also an entertaining one. The level of intrigue going on and a large cast of bizarre characters make the book hard to put down. Tapper is a terrific writer, and the book reads like a novel. And, thank goodness, it even has some heroes. There were many people  judges, canvassing board members, volunteers, Republicans and Democrats  who really seemed to care about getting the fairest and most honest count of the votes in Florida they could. Decent, hard-working, intelligent and caring people. Unfortunately, they were conned, manipulated, and finally just plain stomped on by the presidential candidates and their operatives. And votes went uncounted. One of these thieves is now president, and the other may run again. Anyone who plans to vote ever again should read this book.     