 I was 11 years old when the British Invasion brought Dusty Springfield a string of pop hits, and I thought she was just about the coolest thing on earth. I bought every one of her singles. But by the time this album came out in 1969, I was a teenager and thought I'd outgrown her music along with go-go boots and white lipstick. I wasn't even listening to Top 40 radio anymore by that time (preferring "underground" stations that played Joplin and Hendrix), so I didn't hear "Son of a Preacher Man" until it turned up on the oldies stations a couple of decades later. But this album hung on. I kept hearing musicians I had a lot of respect for cite it as one of the masterpieces of the 60s, and thought I must be hearing wrong. Dusty Springfield? The girl with the big hair and inch-thick eyeliner? Yeah. Dusty Springfield. I don't know if there's anybody left who still thinks of her as a lightweight pop singer, but if there is, give them this album. Among the 11 tracks that make up the original album are songs with some of the deepest, most soulful singing you've ever heard this side of Aretha Franklin. (Dusty's version of "Son of a Preacher Man" is even BETTER than Aretha's!) Not just "Preacher Man," but "So Much Love," "Don't Forget About Me," "No Easy Way Down" and "I Can't Make It Alone" are just pure, classic Memphis soul. And even when she takes on a song that couldn't really be described as "soul" like Randy Newman's moving ballad, "I Don't Want To Hear It Anymore," or the sly and sexy "Breakfast In Bed" she brings a soulfulness to them that they wouldn't have if anyone else did them. Even "Windmills of Your Mind"  a song that every other singer I've ever heard has managed to make both bland and pretentious  is lovely when Dusty sings it. And that's just the original album. The Deluxe edition added 13 bonus tracks. Most bonus tracks are just some junk tacked on to make you believe you're getting more for your money. These are every bit as good as the original album. I would have cut "Cherished"  not really a terrible song, but not quite up to Springfield standards. But everything else is fabulous. "That Old Sweet Roll" (yes, the Blood, Sweat and Tears song) and "Goodbye" are especially good. And "Natchez Trace" was a revelation. Who knew Dusty Springfield could rock?  I'm just sorry it took me so long to find this album.     