 Im a bit of a political junky, but an unusual one in that I get almost all my news from print. Before I was old enough to vote I realized that television news didnt have much to tell me, and I stopped watching. Except for election results, and an occasional breaking story, I havent watched television news since Nixon was president. Still, I realize that its where most Americans get their news, and so Im curious about how it covers candidates and how (or if) it shapes opinions. Thats why I picked up this book  a survey of how the media (especially television) have covered presidential elections since 1968. I was very disappointed. I rarely pay attention to t.v. coverage, but even I knew almost everything in here. Robert Shogan has been covering presidential elections since 1948. I expected some professional insight, a few peeks behind the scenes, at least some thought-provoking opinions. Forget it. This is a bland recitation of everything you already know --  the press doesnt understand much about the making of a president, the press is more interested in the horse race than the issues, charismatic candidates do better than substantive ones on t.v., politicians avoid talking about issues and the press lets them get away with it. Is there anyone with even a mild interest in politics who doesnt know this already? The lack of insight is especially frustrating in Shogans coverage of the 2000 election, which the media tripped all over itself trying to cover. Surely all the mistakes the media made in reporting on the election and its aftermath offers plenty of material for analyzing exactly how the media messes up when it tries to cover elections. But no. Shogan tells us the press adored McCain  which was pretty obvious  but doesnt offer an opinion about why. McCain was an underdog, but the press isnt always kind to underdogs  they certainly werent kind to Bradley, Buchanan, or Nader. Shogan argues that the press went a lot easier on Bush than Gore, even though the majority of reporters probably voted Democratic. But once again, he offers no explanation of this paradox. I think this book deals with an important topic. It just doesnt cover it very well. Shogan accuses the press of dealing superficially with presidential elections. But in the end I think this book is guilty of the same superficiality.     