 I bought this book on a whim, hoping for something similar to Angelas Ashes. What I got was, in many ways, even better. To be honest, All Souls is not nearly as entertaining as Angelas Ashes. While the book has more than its share of both tragedy and humor, Michael Patrick McDonald lacks Frank McCourts genius for making you laugh and cry at the same time. But in the end, McDonalds inability to turn poverty into entertainment is this books strongest virtue. Angelas Ashes is a great story told by a great storyteller. All Souls is both a great story and an important, thought-provoking book. The books are similar in that both are about poor Irish families, but All Souls deals with Irish-American poverty in Boston in the sixties and seventies, when its author was a child. McDonald paints a moving (and sometimes humorous) portrait of people living with all the consequences of poverty that afflict so many urban minority communities  poor schools, crime, lousy police protection, lack of government services, welfare dependency, drugs and alcohol, etc. But McDonalds family and neighbors also suffer from another, self-inflicted wound  that terrible Irish ability to laugh off or deny the tragedies that are right in front of their eyes. These are people who watch their children drop out of school, fall into crime and drugs, and, all too often, die, and yet continue to buy stolen designer clothes so they can dress up and convince themselves they are not poor, and insist that they live in "the best place in the world."  It is only as a adult, after working with activists in neighboring black and Hispanic communities, that McDonald begins to realize that his white neighborhood is just as afflicted with the consequences of poverty as the minority neighborhoods that surround it. His family faced most of the same problems that African-American families in nearby Roxbury faced, but in Roxbury people dealt with those problems more honestly and more effectively. McDonald, raised on Southies infamous racism, realizes that he has a lot to learn from people he was taught to look down upon. I love this book for many reasons. One is that it explodes the myth of the Irish as the successful, happy-go-lucky, and perfectly assimilated ethnic group, whose example is often used to put down other ethnic groups. (If the Irish made it, why cant you?) Several Southie residents have written reviews here testifying to the honesty and accuracy of McDonalds portrait of Bostons lower class Irish-Americans. Im a decade older than McDonald and spent much of my childhood in an Irish immigrant community in New York, not Boston, but I was amazed by how much I could identify with in this book. Because of our age difference, I was never exposed to the drugs and crime that McDonald was, thank God, but that Irish need to put on a show and pretend that poverty doesnt exist (or laugh it off) was so familiar to me that at times it hurt to read this book. Our "gift" for finding the humor in tragedy, which so charms outsiders (witness the phenomenal success of McCourts book  most of his readers were not Irish), can be a curse to us  permitting us to endure what ought to be fought, and masking an inner anger that shows up in disproportionately high rates of alcoholism and domestic violence. McDonald deserves high praise for being brave enough to draw attention to this. Another myth that McDonald explodes is the idea that there are no class differences in the United States. Well reluctantly acknowledge a racial divide, but not a class divide. But the truth is, while the lower class is disproportionately black, it is predominantly white. And framing our problems in racial terms separates us where we should be united. The racism of poor whites  which McDonald devotes a lot of time to in this book  hurts not only blacks, but also whites, because it keeps them from realizing that they arent alone, that they have a lot in common with other poor people. That McDonald was able to see his familys poverty clearly after working with poor African-Americans gives me hope. When I was in college, I began to figure out, from conversations with a number of African-American women, that poverty was more a curse than a shame. I will always be grateful to them for that insight. I was happy to see McDonald shared my experience. I wish it was an experience more people had. I like memoirs and read quite a few of them, but most memoirs give you, at best, a small insight into another persons life, a chance to walk around in someone elses shoes. Thats a valuable experience, but I think this book goes beyond that. McDonald has dealt openly and honestly with issues of class and race ( he is up front even about his own familys racism  which takes guts to write about). These are issues we are always trying to sweep under the rug in America. I wish this book would get a wide, wide audience and open up a long-needed discussion.     