 A lot of people have called this the best soul album ever. That's selling it short. Certainly Aretha Franklin's voice and piano playing, along with those fat horns behind her, are the very definition of soul. But this album is so good that if you made a list of the best albums of all times in ANY genre this one would have to be on it. Even if you own one of the greatest hits collections, or even the boxed set, you need this album (and probably "Lady Soul" as well). It just all hangs together so beautifully.  "Respect" starts it off with a great big blast of horns and Aretha's commanding voice. Then she slows down and breaks your heart with "Drown In My Own Tears."  Most of the rest of the songs on the album are more emotionally complicated, combining the qualities of the first two songs. They mine the pain of deep love and at the same time demand respect and decent treatment (You have to understand that this album came out in 1967 - several years before the modern feminist movement began - to realize how remarkable that is. And to this day I don't think any singer other than Lauryn Hill has captured women's simultaneous need for love and dignity as well).  The album ends on a perfect note: Sam Cooke's "A Change Is Gonna Come." Cooke originally wrote the song as a kind of response to Bob Dylan's "The Times They Are A-Changing." Cooke was more optimistic than Dylan, and the song suggests that despite the pain and turmoil of the sixties, better days were ahead, particularly in the area of civil rights. It's also a deeply religious song. When Aretha sings it, she holds out the same hope and optimism for the country that Sam Cooke did. But in the context of the album, it seems to take on a more personal meaning as well. It's not just about different races learning to get along, but about men and women learning to give each other respect as well. I literally can't listen to her sing it without crying. If this song doesn't set your soul on fire, you haven't got one. All in all, this is one of those rare albums, in the same category as Kind of Blue, Sgt. Pepper, and Blonde on Blonde, that you just have to own and listen to over and over again. It's not just great popular music, it's a work of art.     