 One of the best reasons for having children is having an excuse to read Charlotte's Web. I just finished reading it to my youngest child, and cried just as hard as a did when I first read it to her brother a decade ago.  The story is about a spider who saves a pig from being turned into bacon and pork chops by weaving words to describe him into her web, convincing everyone that a miracle has occurred, and that there must be something very special about this pig.  Charlotte, the spider, is kind, noble, and brave  a model of perfect friendship. Wilbur, the pig, is childlike and innocent at the beginning, but he grows wiser under Charlotte's influence throughout the book. The book is beautifully written in simple, graceful language. It's just a pleasure to read from beginning to end. There is one thing that anyone planning to read the book to a young child ought to know.  At the end, after laying her eggs, Charlotte dies. I had actually forgotten about that when I started reading the book to my 6-year-old recently, and when, halfway through the book, I remembered, I was a little worried about what her reaction would be. But as I got closer and closer to Charlotte's death, I realized how skillfully E.B. White handled the scene. For a couple of chapters before, you see Charlotte growing weaker and weaker. My daughter kept moving closer to me, sensing, I'm sure, that something was wrong. Charlotte's death doesn't come as a shock. Even a kindergartner seemed to sense that it was coming. More important, in the scene after Charlotte dies, Wilbur guards her eggs until her babies are born, and while most of them fly away, three baby spiders stay behind and become his friends. He's able to guide them the way Charlotte guided him, which gives a wonderful sense of continuity.  I don't think Charlotte's death is a reason not to read the book to a child, but I think if you're planning to read it to a child under 8 or so, you should read it to yourself first to be sure your child is ready for it.     