 Certain books stay with you forever. You just get them out of your head or shake off their influence. For me, this is one of those books. Ive always had mixed feelings about capital punishment. I suspect most Americans do  thats why polls on the subject have swung back and forth so wildly over the past thirty-odd years. Sister Helen Prejeans arguments against the death penalty are interesting, and often persuasive, but I cant say they settle the issue once and for all for me. But really, her argument against the death penalty is not what makes this book unforgettable. It is the example of Sister Helen herself that stays with me. She has taken to heart Jesus admonition to love everyone, and has done so in the most extreme manner possible  by offering love to brutal murderers, monsters, the people who least "deserve" that love. She does so in the belief that God has endowed every human being with a soul, and it is her job as a Christian to find and nurture that soul, even if it has shriveled to something as small and hard as a dry seed. She doesnt reveal great miracles of redemption, but she finds the humanity in people who have never shown much sign of it. I find that extremely inspiring. Even more moving than Sister Helens work with condemned men is her attempt to reach out to the families of the people these men murdered. It took her several years to do so, not because she did not care about them, but because she cared so much, and was afraid she might say something that would increase their pain, or that her mere existence, as someone who worked with the murderers of their loved ones, would remind them of things better forgotten. But eventually she did reach out, showing enormous moral courage, I think, in opening herself up to receive the victims inevitable anger. Getting to know these people over the years, she realized that many victims held on to their anger, while others somehow let it go. She also realized that the revenge of watching their loved ones murderers finally be executed did very little to help them heal. People healed by forgiving. I think many readers approach this as a political book, looking for arguments against capital punishment. But it is more of a spiritual book, challenging readers to take the Christian messages of love and forgiveness as seriously as Sister Helen does. I cant imagine how anyone could read this book and not admire Helen Prejean, and want to be more like her. Shes an inspiration, a living saint.     