 The Read-Aloud Handbook came out in the eighties, at a time when reading to children had pretty much fallen by the wayside, replaced by television. It offered parents not only good reasons to read to children (developing language skills and imaginations, encouraging children to want to read to themselves), and lots of hints on how to start and keep up daily reading, but also a well-chosen list of books for kids of different ages and interests. As far as I'm concerned, the luckiest break I got as a parent was that this book came out the year my first child was born. I bought my first copy then, I've bought subsequent editions of the book, and I've referred to it constantly, more than any other parenting book I have (Not even good old Dr. Spock comes close). I've recommended it to many friends, and they all come away raving about it as much as I do. By now, I think most parents realize that reading to kids is important. It's just not always easy to do. People are busy, it's hard to find the time. And then, even if you do manage to find the time, kids may not like the books you pick. That picture book you remember fondly from childhood turns out to be a little stodgy and old-fashioned, and your child just won't sit still for it. Or you pick up the latest hyped children's book, and your child loves it, but you feel like you are going to go insane if you have to read this syrupy garbage one more time. Despite the best intentions, it's easy to let the habit fall by the wayside. That's why every parent needs Jim Trelease's book. The first half of the book focuses on why you should read to kids and how to do it. Trelease is such an inspiring writer, that even when your best intentions flag, he will convince you to keep going.  But the heart and soul of the book is the list of read-aloud books. It's hard to explain what a great job Trelease has done with this. Not only are his choices almost universally excellent, but he gives enough of a description of each book so that a parent can really tell whether or not the book will be right for his child. Even better, Trelease follows each review with a list of other books that a child who liked that particular book will probably also enjoy. With Trelease's help, there's no reason for any child to be without a nice big pile of books from the library ready to enjoy.  I've looked at several other books that claim to help parents in reading to their children and offer similar lists, but none are a tenth as good. The descriptions are often skimpy and the book choices are poor (usually focusing on books that are more appealing to adults than children). Lots of them recommend books that are long out of print. I've rarely found any of of Trelease's recommendations unavailable. One final note: This is not just a book for new parents, and parents of young children. Trelease also discusses how to get older children turned on to reading. And his list of chapter books to read to children is even better than his picture book list. If it's hard for parents to find good picture books to read to their children, it's even harder to find good novels to read to older children, because it takes so long to preview one yourself. I read to my oldest child until long after he became a proficient reader himself, but I cannot imagine how I could have found such good books to read without Jim Trelease's help. So whether you're a new parent, or the parent of an older child who isn't interested in reading yet, you need this book.     