 I finished reading this book yesterday, and, out of curiosity, came to Amazon to see what the reviews were like. As I expected, most of the reviews were 4 or 5 stars. It's a wonderful book. But the 1-star reviews are fascinating. If you've read the book, it's pretty obvious that only one of the 1-star reviewers shows any sign of MAYBE having read the book. The rest of them just saw a review somewhere, or perhaps heard Dr. Ehrenreich speak on t.v. and the idea of someone speaking up for the working poor scared them so badly, shook their bigotry so deeply, that they had to strike back by trashing a book they didn't even bother to read. The vehemence of those people, their readiness to attack the most vulnerable people in this country tells you why this book is so important. The truth - which you'll hear again and again from people who've actually read the book - is that this is a book that every American citizen ought to read. And - lucky us - it's one of those rare "must read" books that is also compelling, beautifully written, and impossible to put down. You can't read this book and not change the way you look at the world. I was raised by a single mother who worked poorly paid jobs all her life and in high school and college I worked several of those jobs myself, so I consider myself pretty sensitive to the difficulty of low wage workers' jobs and lives. But this book shocked even me. The last time I worked for the minimum wage, in the mid-seventies, it was hand to mouth, but I could get by. I had to go to work with the flu a few times because I had no sick days and couldn't afford the loss of a day's pay, but as long as I showed up for work every day, I could pay my rent and buy food. Not much of it, and most of it pasta and rice, but I could at least survive. After reading Dr. Ehrenreich's book, I realize that's not even possible anymore. The poverty I knew thirty years ago doesn't even begin to compare with what people in the same circumstances face today. But Dr. Ehrenreich is not just insightful when she's dealing with the economic difficulties in poor people's lives. This is one of the few non-fiction books I've ever read that shows a real insight into the psychology of poverty - the way it strips people of their dignity, their energy, and, in many cases, their ability to fight back. Again and again, as I read the book, I was reminded of all the daily indignities you experience as a poor person, and how those indignities act as a means of social control - and my experiences as a poor person came before employers got really expert at stripping away people's dignity with things like urine tests and invasive psychological profiles. I think Dr. Ehrenreich made one slip in writing this book. She says that she decided to keep her car, even though many working poor people have to get by without one, because she thought a book about sitting around waiting for buses would be pretty boring. Maybe. But her choice made her miss one important psychological insight. Spend too much of your life waiting for buses - which in many cases just pass you by because they're already packed - and that becomes the central fact of your life. You wait for things, and if nothing comes, you wait some more. People learn the skills life teaches them, and having to depend on buses teaches people an inordinate patience that can be hard to shake off. You will find it impossible not to care about the people in this book. If you've bought any of the current cliches about poverty stemming from laziness, addictions, or poor choices in life, be prepared to have your prejudices blown away. As I read this book, I found myself constantly aware of the people I depend on every day, wondering about their lives. And, most important, wondering what I can do to make them better. I don't know the answer. A lot of the 1-star reviewers suggest that Dr. Ehrenreich gives some "socialistic" answer to the problem, but in fact, she doesn't offer a solution at all. All she does is remind us vividly and unforgettably that there is a problem, an urgent problem, and that we'd better begin figuring out ways to solve it. She reminds us of our common humanity. And we owe her our gratitude for that.     