 Wrestlemania X-8 capped off, what was one of the most disappointing series in WWE history. Starting from Invasion all the way to here, WWE had the chance to capitalize on new talent and fresh faces and bring fans of both WCW and ECW. It was ripe for the pickings, despite losing the likes of Triple H, Benoit, Eddie Guerrero, and Rhyno, they had enough talent to do it. Yet, Vinces stubborness, a crappy writing team, and politics ruined it and it continues to this day. Even bright spots in between, like Rock-Jericho feud, RVD's popularity, Austin-Angle fued, Jericho's emergence as a top tier guy, would go down the stool. In return, we got the return of Golden Oldies like Flair, Hogan, Henning, and The Outsiders, while pushes went to the same ol' faces of Undertaker, Austin, Rock, and Triple H. X-8 also succeeded X-Seven, but this time the fans really didn't care too much about the product as a whole, notice the crowd was only alive and kicking for one match, only one match where it really felt like Wrestlemania.     The Good  Rock vs. Hulk Hogan  This is that one match I was talking about. Nostalgia had taken over. The booking didn't play to the strengths of neither man, but the two did well in making it past vs. present, and the selling of the story was done well. The Toronto crowd made it memorable as well. Being a bad match goes out the window here, it's all about seeing two great icons in the ring, after critics said it would never happen.    Undertaker vs. Ric Flair  This was the match of the night, wrestling wise. This was all about Flair fighting for honor and respectability, after Taker, "rightfully", went after him. Check out No Way Out 2002, for the story there, better yet, no, that PPV stunk. So here it is, Flair interfered in Taker's match with the Rock at No Way Out, costing him that match. Taker responded by challenging Flair to a match, Flair chickened out, so Taker took matters into his own hand by kicking his best friend, Arn Anderson, but then his son, David's, [...]. Taker told Flair he'd continue the onslaught until he got a yes, Flair agreed, but in doing so, lost control of his 50% ownership, to his partner Vinny Mac, who made it a no DQ match. Which led to Taker kicking Flair's [...] here and going 10-0 at Wrestlemania.    The Mediocre  RVD vs. William Regal  Styles clashed badly, but the right person went over.    Triple H vs. Chris Jericho  No one bought this contrite storyline, that mainly involved Triple H and Steph. Triple H finished off making Jericho look like a useless champion here. The match was totally boring, JR was irritating making it soundas if it was Triple H's last match.    Booker T vs. Edge  The sign in the crowd said it best, they were fighting over shampoo. Booker tried, but Edge just wasn't impressive here.    DDP vs. Christian  What did Christian do to deserve that? Chrisitan tried, but it's DDP!    Kurt Angle vs. Kane  This could of been good, but Angle had an off night, and Kane just wasn't feeling it. Not bad, but can't call it a good match either.    Billy and Chuck vs. The APA vs. The Dudley Boyz vs. The Hardy Boyz  Same ol' Hardyz vs. Dudleyz saved this from being bad, but your asking for miracles for Matt Hardy and the Dudleys to help five repetitive(Jeff Hardy), boring (Billy Gunn), unmotivated (Bradshaw), talentless slugs (Farooq & Palumbo)to do anything. The good thing was Saliva's performing the Dudleys entrance music.    Jazz vs. Lita vs. Trish  Trish was almost there, and Lita was Lita, so you could throw out anything sound and strong here. Leaving Jazz to do the majority of the work here. Jazz is good, but she's not Molly Holly.    The Bad  Steve Austin vs. Scott Hall  nWo angle was doomed from the start, as Vince was unwilling to let the nWo run wild on his stars. Nash was at ringside meaning the match was locked up for suckdom before the bell rung. Austin was in decline here and Hall was totally useless here. This was so bad, that Austin walked out the next night on Raw, he was forgiven for that one there, before doing it again three months later. Hall was fired not too long afterwards, Nash broke his leg not too long afterwards and sat on his [...] for a long time, before coming back and adding absolutely nothing, but that's another story.    Maven vs. Goldust  Same ol hardcore junk, that had gotten silly to downright stupid. Hurricane and Mighty Molly's bit is funny though!    Extra's  Same useless stuff, but then here's the real reason to get this DVD. Vince's interview on Byte This which was intresting and the Hulk Hogan vs. Ultimate Warrior match from Wrestlemania VI.    I'd get it just for a Wrestlemania collection, but as far as Wrestlemania's go, this one is pretty blahzay!     