 Calling this the greatest Wrestlemania ever is going overboard, I think III, X, and X-Seven will put this one in it's place. However, this was waaaaay better than X-8 and a boatload better than XIX. The Good  The World Heavyweight Title Match was awesome. Triple H, HBK, and Benoit really tore it up, and Benoit coming out on top was the icing on the cake. This one here is on my top ten list of greatest Wrestlemania matches of all time, but falls short of Savage-Steamboat, HBK-Hall Ladder Match, Bret vs. Owen, & Bret vs. Stone Cold.  The WWE title match between Eddie Guerrero and Kurt Angle was stellar, and the psychology between them was neat. Eddie outsmarting Angle in the end was pure genius.  Rock & Foley vs. Evolution was very entertaining, especially the exchanges between Rock and Flair. Orton and Batista held their own, but Foley shined the most here. Great match.  Christian vs. Chris Jericho had a solid outing, would of been better if this match opened the show. The Trish heel turn in the end wasn't too shocking to me, but it seemed to get a nice reaction from the crowd.   Good WM tribute to the recently inducted WWE Hall of Famers. Funny skit with Coach, Mean Gene/Bobby the Brain, and Moolah/Mae Young. I liked the mini interview with Jesse Ventura and Donald Trump. In the Middle  Nice stuff in the Cruiserweight Open, but the match was waaaaay too short for me.   The World Tag Team Title Match was rushed, and the team of Jindrak and Cade had no reason being there, but nice effort by Booker/RVD, the Dudley's, and Dupree/Conway.  The Women's Title Match was too short and a let down. Molly and Victoria are two of the best workers in the Women's Division (Jazz and Trish are the other two.). Got more depressing as beautifal Molly was shaved bald. The Bad  But it's alright to give a decent amount of match time for the Playboy Evening Gown match. Short of nothing we've already seen before a billion times before.  I was siked to see Taker return to the Deadman gimmick, not as siked to see the same old Taker-Kane match. WWE Tag team Title Match was a total mess. Cena vs. The Big Show, only thing good here was cena taking the US title, match was bad all around. Brock vs. Goldberg bombed big time. Worst Match of the Year so far. Unsympathetic crowd and Austin stunning both guys afterwards made up for such a pathetic match. Your skip button will be busy, but hey you got at least four good matches worth seeing. The extra's. Your usual WM pre and post comments, plus a Heat match between Venis/Storm vs. The Dudley Boyz, that was way better than all the matches I listed being bad and mediocre. The third disc is the gem here. You get to play WM Trivia, with responses to correct and wrong answers by All three Dudley Boyz, Victoria, Rhyno, Kurt Angle, Mick Foley, and Al Snow. Foley and Snow's responses are hilarious. If you missed the Spike-TV special Wrestlemania's Ten Greatest Matches, it's on the third disc as well, along with Wrestlemania the Movie bits featuring, Rock,Austin, Taker, HBK, Brock, and Angle. The deleted scenes are there two, featuring Booker, Triple H, Vince , and Hogan, plus a ehind the scenes look as Jesse Ventura does the voice overs for the movie. Neat stuff. Great DVD to have for your collection all around, now looking forward to Wrestlemania 21 in the City of the Angels!     