 X-8 was probably the most overhyped, overrated WM of all time, so I went into XIX hoping for a lot better, but it was a let down. It was better than X-8 and some other WM's I can think of, but fell short, I'll get to that in a minute. The set on the other hand, was amazing.  The Good Jericho and Michaels was the show stealer. Simply an amzing match.  Angle vs. Lesnar was an awesome match, but Brock botched SSP really ruined the ending.  Rock vs. Austin. Rock carried this thing, a great match, but lacked the magic that previous Rock-Austin matches had.   The Mediocre Rey vs. Mattitude. That was too short of a match and it ended as it was about to get good.  Triple H vs. Booker T. There is no explanation why Booker didn't go over here. Triple H took the offense and drug the match down, Booker for his part was on fire. Disturbing booking and politics bothered me here big time.  Benoit/Rhyno vs. Los Guerreros vs. Haas/Benjiman. This was another match that was way too short and rushed.   Trish vs. Jazz vs. Victoria It was a decent match, but it was also predictable.    The Bad What did I do, Oh Lord, to get Limp Bizkit to waste 6 minutes of my life. Not counting that performance that brought Taker to the ring. WWE's favorite band, well this is the company who's owner thought the XFL and WBF was a good idea.  The Cat fight, we'd be better sniffing cat poo. Plenty of other DVD's of Kitana Baker doing better.I was emotionally traumatize by the fact I had to see Coach without his pants.  Taker vs. Albert/The Big Show Godawful borefest, but the good new is we didn't see Nathan Jones, oh wait...darnit!  Hulk Hogan vs. Vince McMahon Just plain awful, as it was time to rid the WWE once and for all of Hogan. Vince for his part was convincing and the only reason to watch this match is because of him. However, this match was way too long for me to watch two old men duke it out.   Extras Forgettable extras, but check out Victoria's funny post WM comments. There's a forgettable Tag Team title match between RVD/Kane vs. Lance Storm & Sean Morely (Val Venis). The use WM blowfest, some intresting but useless stuff. At least WM X-8 gave us Warrior vs. Hogan match from VI and an intresting interview with Vinny Mac on Byte This (WWE Internet Talk Show).     