 Wrestling fans could give you a better description of what happend between 1995-2001, than the WWE. Think Vince was going to tell it from both sides, never.  So before wasting money on this, here's my take.After signing Hulk Hogan and some other WWE Talent, Bischoff foolishly decided to challenge the WWE on Monday Nights, and guess what, it was a decision that worked. WCW was kicking Vince's [back] and all he did was whine and moan, while Bisch was happily giving away results to Raw and signing away more WWE cast offs. Bischoff hit paydirt with the nWo angles, along with the transformation of Sting, which was forgotten, and Kick-[butt] cruiserweight action. Meanwhile, the WWE was doing the same ol' big man, GI Joe vs. Cobra crap, that fans cared little about. Then it hit the fan for Vince, at the Survivor Series 97, with Bret Hart, he was so doomed.  But then a sleazy writer named Vince Russo, who was trahsed and not given credit for anything and for good reason, decided to go for broke with Austin and DX plus Vinny Mac's going all out and creating the Mr. McMahon as of a results to the Survivor Series is what  turned the tide for the WWE. WCW, as always was marred with politics, and with the addition of Time Warner peeing all over the product, the ship began to sink. On Raw, Austin and McMahon feud skyrocketed the ratings, sibling rivalry between taker and Kane, a feud between DX and the Nation, who's leaders were budding superstars The Rock and Triple H, tilted it back in the favor of the WWE, where it stayed. What did WCW do in response, they followed the politicians lead and kept all the storylines on the nWo, split them up, and bored people to tears. Old, talentless men got pushes, legends got shafted. Rising stars like Jericho, Benoit, The Guerrero's, Raven, Booker T, and others were stuck mediocrity thanks to backstage politics. Only star to be made was Goldberg, and the political machine even froze that. They signed Bret Hart and did absolutely nothing with him, to note, and I mean nothing. In the end, a mass exodus beginning with Paul Wight (The Big Show) began and didn't end, until 2001, leaving WCW with a bunch of old guys and stars who were to green to carry a carnival. Guys like Booker, Kidman, Storm and others tried hard, Sting and Flair carred the banner till the end, but by then the ship was too far in the water. Meanwhile, WWE was raiding ECW out of business and blending them in with fresh talent like Angle, The Hardyz, Edge, and Christian. WCW runaways like Wight, Jericho, and Benoit immediately made an impact. WCW only managed to sign away Jeff Jarrett, who uh what's the word yeah sucks, from the WWE, under not one but two Russo reigns that looked to be a mixture of barnyard politics and mental retardation. WWE had the Raidcals, Benoit, Eddie Guerrero, Saturn and Malenko, WCW would have the Misfits In Action, Hugh Morrus (Bill DeMott), the Wall, and Chavo Guerrero, Jr- who was miused along with Morrus. And they wondered why no one was watching Nitro. While Rock and Triple H were tearing down the house with classic WWE Title Matches, WCW offered us the epic Sid Vicious-Tank Abbott or The Wall or the Jeff Jarrett saga. Booker T was one of the last promising stars they had, and instead of grooming him, he parades around as GI Bro, meanwhile Kurt Angle is being carefully groomed to be the star he is today in the WWE. This is from someone who watched both shows. Vince didn't beat WCW all by himself and in no way as portrayed in this DVD. Time Warner wasn't all the blame here either. Stupidity always dominated WCW from the era of Jim Heard's Ding-Dong's-PN News-Johnny B. Badd's, to Bill Watts No Top Rope non sense, Bisch's and Vinny Ru's Politics and BS'n. It finally caught up with them, Time Warner had no patience to put up with their stupidity and sold them to Vinny Mac for cheap, after cancelling all thier shows. WCW was the cause of WCW's downfall. This is just my take on it after renting the DVD and laughing at all of this tomfoolery! DVD is just Vince gloating and claiming victory, don't blame him, but you're better off asking fans who witnessed the Monday Night Wars and watched both Raw and Nitro, before picking this up.     