 After experencing somewhat of a letdown from God's Son, I kind of felt Nas had to come back with a more solid album. He did just that. Eventhough it's a double disc, I wasn't really preparing for a blow away rhyme sessions like Illmatic or Lost Tapes, but Street Disciple, in my opinion, is a solid album worth buying.  Lyrically, Nas, as always, is on point. One thing we never have to worry about, is Nas as a lyricists. Nothing mind blowing like say Illmatic or Stillmatic, but the usual delivery we expect. The guest emcee's hold their own with Nas for a change, unlike previous albums. On "Just A Moment", guest Quan manages not to hold his own and not be drown out by Nas, much like say AZ on previous albums. Scarlett drops by on "Sekou Story" and "Live Now", she shines brighter on "Live Now", with a haunting verse as a woman on her death bed dying of AIDS, recalling her past sins. She brings more depth to this song, than Foxy Brown did on "It Was Written" and The Firm joint.  Speaking of guest spots, Maxwell drops by on "No One Else In The Room", this one suprised me, the notion of these two on one song sounds like a train wreck, but after listening to it, it's one of the best tracks on the second disc. Of course Olu Dara, Nas' dad, guest spot on "Bridging The Gap" topped them all.  Production wise was way better than God's Son, which was kind of the drawback on that album. Gems on the album include, "These Are Our Hero's", where Nas blasts black celebs reppin for all the wrong things, "Remember The Times", where Nas reminisces about ex-girls he would hit, if wifey gave him a pass to cheat, and "Getting Married", which is obviously about his wife Kelis.  I am satisfied giving it four. I love this CD, some tracks haven't clicked with me yet, such as "Virgo", where the collab with Ludacris and Doug E Fresh was a miss, the ode to Rakim, while nice, was another miss (should of mentioned more). That's small though, five would put this with "Illmatic", which states it's one of Hip Hop's greatest albums, which Street Disciple isn't. So four stars. This is a definite go getter for hardcore Nas fans and hardcore hip hop heads alike.      