 This PPV was falling flat, before two of the last three matches on the card that night. Also obvious on this PPV and every other PPV in late 2002-early 2003, was how much better Smackdown was compared to Raw. Raw matches mainly dragged on forever, boring the fans to tears because they knew the outcome. Smackdown matches were fast paced, adrenaline rushes, action packed, and full of suspense. The Raw commentary was the same ol' JR and the King convos about slobberknockers and puppies, shilling and overselling the top dogs over the action. On Smackdown, Cole and Tazz called the action, balanced the shilling, so the match wouldn't get lost. No PPV emphasized these truths here more clearly during that time period than this one.  The Good  Edge & Rey Misterio vs. Benoit and Angle This is probably still the most awesome tag team match in recent WWE history. Lots of cool spots from Rey and alot of neat technical stuff from Angle and Benoit. More importantly the crowd ate up everything, you can tell they were in it from the beginning to the end.   Brock Lesnar vs. The Undertaker Boy Taker bled like a pig in this Hell In A Cell. Falls short of classic HIAC's like Taker vs. Michaels, Taker vs. Foley, and Foley vs. Triple H. However, the violence and the gore makes it a memorable one.   In The Middle  Jericho & Christian vs. Booker T & Goldust Man looking back now, Christian looks weird with long hair. Jericho seemed to be the only one who brought his A game, as Book, Goldy, and Christian were up and down. Could of been disaster as the ropes came apart during Jericho's lionsault, but the guys improvised nicely. The kicker here is these four had way better matches on Raw.   Noble vs. Tajiri Decent match falls short of PPV standards though. Not a bad match, but could of been better.   The Bad  Triple H vs. Kane Phasing out the IC Title never made sense to me. The match was way too long and boring. This match epitomized everything I said about Raw, oh and it followed along the silly, disturbing, disgusting, retarded "Katie Vick" angle, where Triple H dressed as Kane and humped a manican simulating necrophillia.   Trish vs. Victoria Match went nowhere and was way too short. Nice post match superkick by Victoria. Vicki was smoking hot here, so all is not lost here.   The Ugly  Ric Flair vs. RVD Their styles totally clashed here.  Torrie Wilson vs. Dawn Marie The two have no business trying to do things that closely but fails to resemble wrestling.   The extra include the history of the IC Title, some highlights of  WWE Tag Tourney on Snackdown, Trick or Pete commercial, and the same ol interviews.   I'd only get this DVD for the Misterio/Edge vs. Benoit/Angle and the Brock vs. Taker HIAC.     