 This was also the last great PPV of the "Attitude" era. The PPV however was set up for failure. Most of the matches featured rushed or thrown together storylines, Only Rock vs.Austin had a solid build up. A departure of color analyst Jerry Lawler brought in Paul Heyman, unfamiliar with a good majority of the WWE fan base, but recognizable and very popular with wrestling junkies. The Raws stunk, but the Smackdowns were solid. WCW tanked and ECW would soon fold, so this PPV marked the first time the WWE would be the only game in town. On the upside, X-Seven was preceeded by a very strong No Way Out PPV. In the end, the PPV blew everyone away, including yours truly, and is deemed if not the greatest Wrestlemania, one of the greatest.    The Good  TLC II was breathtaking and jaw dropping. The utilization of sidekicks were nice and there were some totally sick spots.    Angle vs. Benoit was superb. Outstanding performances by both guys.    Rock vs. Austin, now that's was a main eventm sans the end, but the action was non stop and the crowd was all in it. Simply amazing.    Test vs. Eddie Guerrero. Yes, Test was in a good match, but he can thank Eddie for making him look like a million bucks.     Shane McMahon vs. Vince McMahon. The psychology was well done overall, I thought the Linda McMahon bit was too over the top. The wackiness was entertaing, interchanges between Stephanie and Trish, Foley and Vince, Shane and Stephanie, and the conclusion with Vince and Linda. The spots by Shane were pretty well done.    Triple H vs. The Undertaker  Pretty decent match for both guys.    Gimmick Battle Royal. Well it was great to see alot of the stars of yesteryear, but they should of done all they could to bring in the Mountie. However, this is good simply for the fact Bobby Heenan was on color and didn't miss a beat.      The Mediocre  Chris Jericho vs. William Regal  Their styles clashed badly in the opener. The match wasn't bad, but the chemistry wasn't there.    The APA & Tazz vs. The Right To Censor. Quick and to the point squash match, fine with me, long matches aren't to the advantages to the majority of the participants here. Though Tazz vs. Val Venis would of been alright with me.    Raven vs. The Big Show vs. Kane. Raven is a genius, to have been able to carry Kane and the Big Show to a watchable match. The spot where Rave was tossed through a window came in at 9.3 on the Foley meter.      The Bad  Chyna vs. Ivory. Yipee, she male with leaking implants squashes one of the only two good workers in the Women's division.      So there you have it, I heard the DVD doesn't have to much too offer. Right now, both DVD and VHS are scarce, so if you see this puppy, do me a favor, buy it!!!!     