 Why did I say that? Well, for those of us that watched WCW PPV's know all to well, how much the undercard would outshine the main event and other headlined matches. I mean, you'd have a blow away opener like Pillman/Liger or Eddie Guerrero/Rey Misterio, Jr., then continue it with awesome matches like Cactus Jack/Sting, Rude/Steamboat, Benoit/Raven, then we get to what's supposed to have put the butss in seats and get some of the worst matches that you'd ever seen, like Sting/Black Scorpion ordeal or anything dealing with Hulk Hogan.  This brings me to Backlash 2002, this PPV reeked WCW so bad, you'd think Vince was high on crack and stole this WCW concept for this PPV. It started off great with Kidman/Tajiri and was drowning in the depths of hell when with Triple H/Hogan.  Important to note this was the last PPV under the WWF name, and the first Brand Split PPV.   The Good  Chris Jericho's Promo This was before the RVD/Eddie Guerrero match. Jericho interupts the show and lets everyone know how upset he his that he doesn't have a match, after headlining Wrestlemania a month prior. Classic stuff, very funny, and the highlight of the PPV. Jericho runs down all the people who had matches, which made it even funnier.  Edge vs. Kurt Angle This kicked off their feud in the spring of 2002, which led to Angle going bald @ Judgement Day, and great cage match the ended the feud on Smackdown, shortly afterwards. This was the better of all of those matches, and the ending was classic.  Billy Kidman vs. Tajiri Solid opener, crowd was into this match all the way.  RVD vs. Eddie Guerrero Eddie returns to PPV, defeating RVD for the IC belt. Good match, but the I prefer the ladder match they had on Raw afterwards.  In The Middle  Trish Stratus vs. Jazz Not a bad match, but better off on Raw. Molly Holly's promo and attack on Trish before the match began was the best part of the match.  Brock Lesnar vs. Jeff Hardy Matt did so much better putting Lesnar over on Raw, especially selling that F5 on the stage. Match was nothing, but effective in putting Brock over.   Now it's time for the WCW portion of the show.........  The Bad  Ric Flair's red boots, whe he reffed the Austin/Taker match. Had to get that in.  Maven/Al Snow vs. Billy & Chuck Rico was the highlight of this match. If Al Snow isn't jobbing to the stars, he's stuck trying put over guys who aren't no where near as talented as he is.   The Ugly  Scott Hall vs. Bradshaw This was ugly before it was conceived. A godawful match, Scott Hall was even more useless here, than he was at WM X-8. This was the second match on the card, back in WCW, they always followed a hot opener, with a so so retarded or crowd killing match, this match did just that. Bathroom break match to say the least.  Steve Austin vs. The Undertaker Austin was upset that he was on the midcard at X-8, and really showed them why they were RIGHT, after his performance in this match. The rest breaks between these two, had even Dusty Rhodes going, "That's just pathetic!" Sloppy, and then those ugly ass red boots Flair was wearing.  And finally, JR would say something like, "This is gonna get a whole lot uglier before it's all over folks." We got our Main Event.....  Triple H vs. Hulk Hogan First off Triple H did most of the work, and this was at the beginning of the repetitive slow bore he is now, so you already know this is going to hell fast. Hogan couldn't decide which leg he wanted to sell as hurt. Triple H would strike on the left, Hogan would limp with the right. The match was so slow and just dragged on and on, I didn't know part of a wrestling match was to deliver disturbing grunts and groans (not on the Triple H/Nash level @ Bad Blood 2003). Hogan only pulled off one acceptable wrestling move, "the Diamond Cutter", which is someone else's, but it's better than his unacceptable ones. Then we have the run in's. Jericho runs in and attacks Hogan which could of helped H win the match. Instead, Triple H beats him up, because H wants to beat Hogan on his own. Taker runs in next and whacks H with a chair, Hogan chases him off, then hits the leg drop on H to win the belt. That Hogan is a classy guy, I hope the kids took notes after saying their prayers and taking their vitamins. After losing the belt, H, busted open, confronts Hogan. Instead of rightfully punching Hogan in the mouth, he shakes his hand, cuz see it's Hogan, where as if it was Rock or Jericho it wouldn't be so acceptable, so kids it's not alright to be cheated, unless it's Hulk Hogan cheating you brotha!!!. Backwards ass booking all around. Kind of forgot there were good matches earlier on. That was another thing we realized after watching a WCW PPV.  Extra's are forgettable, and refuse to mention.   By now, you should have rendered this one useless. I'm not a Hulkamaniac, but I guess it's buyable for them. Outside of them, if you get it, only watch RVD vs. Eddie, Kurt vs. Edge, and Kidman vs. Tajiri. Don't insult your intelligence with the rest of the show.     