 Hardcore Flair fans like me are going to always expect more, because we have so many memories of the man, I just beg the WWE brass to at least bring out a Volume II and at least cover some of his feuds with Greg Valentine, Wahoo McDaniel, The Brisco Brothers, Roddy Piper, Jimmy Garvin, Andre the Giant, Lex Luger, Hulk Hogan, Randy Savage, Vader, Nikta Koloff, as well as some footage of his feud with the Hollywood Blonds, Arn Anderson and some footage of his AWA days and his beginning in the NWA, and if they have it I request his match with the other Nature Boy, the legendary Buddy Rogers and the match in North Korea when he faced Antonio Inoki. Some footage between him and Bob Backlund, Sgt. Slaughter, and Bret Hart would of been cool.  New school wrestling fans just need to know. Now on with this superb DVD. My personal favorite is the Harley Race segment. I think fans of the Attitude and Sports Entertainment era need to pay extra attention here, as it clips show how well both Flair and Race sold this feud, and how well the build up to their classic match at Starcade 83 was done. And for those who asks, who's Harley Race and what's the big fuss, this should answer all those questions. The Dusty Rhodes section brought back a lot of memories, because it was around that time I began watching the NWA. I really miss watching Dusty, he wasn't much to look at, but he was very mobile for a guy his size and so charasmatic, you forgot he was say, a big fat guy. Flair-Rhodes feud in the mid 80's made me the wrestling junking I am today.  The Barry Windham section was a shocker, but I am more than happy they added it on. Totally agree with Flair when he stated Windham never got his due. Flair-Windham war was a treat in early 87, I was disappointed that their payoff match at the Corckett Cup 87, wasn't added. Ricky Steamboat, well nuff said here. Any Flair-Steamboat War is worth watching, whether it's from the 70's, 80's, or 90's. Terry Funk section could have been more detailed, but no complaints here. Flair's WWE then WWF run from 91-93 was highlighted by the Royal Rumble, most clips are from his arrival leading up to the Rumble and after the Rumble. The Sting section was a disappointment to me, only because there were better matches they had than the one they chose. Their classic 45 minute match at the first Clash of the Champions should have been on this DVD, but I guess the brass are saving it for something better. However the clips were priceless. Then we have his Madison Square Garden debut where Naitch looked a lot younger and not so polished as he was later on, but he had just recovered from that plane crash as well. The tribute in Greenville, SC is covered, as well as other spots, including the Confidential segments on the Horsemen & The plane crash (disc 2) and a funny workout that included Roddy Piper (disc 3). This is a must have for any wrestling fan. Woooooo!!!!!!     