  I am a Madden mark, and will always be, in due time, I will own Madden 2005. But I must say, overall this is a fun game. Better than Madden, well this one has it's moments.  The Good  The Sportscenter segments are awesome. Hands down, main reason I'm hooked to this game.  Off-Season is fun, editing players and watching Mel Kiper, Jr. analyze them is never gets old.  Gameplay, if your used to Madden,some of the controls will confuse you, but it's easy, nothing to scream and shout about. People complain about the difficulty and all, well one reason I hesistated buying other video games and sticking to Madden was because it was either too hard or too confusing, where as Madden always adjusted it's games to players of all. That was main complaint I have about this series here, and why I always was reluctant in buying them, especially in the shortlived Dreamcast days. This is the first game of this series where I had no problem adjusting.  Graphics, as with most sports game, outstanding, makes you feel as if you are watching a real game. No brainer there.   The fact you can train and practice with your players is good. Be careful, non productive meetings and bad practices can take it's toll on your team.  In The Middle  Unlike Madden, there's not very much to do outside of Franchise mode.  The Crib is so/so. Stupid, because you have to watch unlocked video packages on an iddy biddy screen, but I haven't unlocked everything, but cool because I have a jukebox to playwith. Then I have my own room to look at all of my awards. There's a trivia machine you can unlock and test your football knowledge with, and there's a phone where celebrity's call you and challenge you to a game, silly, but I created my own team, loaded with CAP's to deal with that.  You can only create two teams, and you really have no control on the uni's and the stadiums. This where this game obviously falls short to Madden, cuz the player has total control of that.  The Commentary is bland and simplistic, but the game is 19.99.   The Bad The game is notorious for freezing.  There are some aspects of Franchise Mode you can't control,like the salary cap, be real cautious on who to sign, keep, and cut. Or else, you'll end up with a very thin team.   For 19.99 this is a pretty fun game, I admit. It's falls short on being all around fun like Madden, but it has it's moments, like the Sportscenter gig, that's priceless. Unlike other NFL 2K games in the past, it's adaptable for players of all. It's worth the try!     