 Moulin Rouge  This is an awesome cd, and I THANK Baz Luhrman for doing it and the movie. Although I have yet to see the movie, I'm anxiously wanting to. 1. Nature Boy . David Bowie - The soundtrack begins with a small haunting piece of dialogue given by Ewan MecGregor, while in the background are haunting tunes. Then David Bowie begins to sing, and the background becomes stronger. It's an awesome, haunting song, and is no doubt used in the movie in a great way. 2. Lady Marmalade . Christina, Pink, Mya, Lil' Kim - I cannot express how much I love this song. The collaboration of these beautiful ladies' voices is wonderful, and not to mention very sexy. From Mya's soft, innocent voice to Christina's loud and perfect vocals, Lady Marmalade delivers each and every music taste you could hope for. Pink has a strong and worthy voice, and Lil' Kim gives us a bit of her rapping. Again, the collaboration of these sexy ladies was the only way to go with this song. 3. Because We Can . Fatboy Slim -  What do we always expect from master DJ Fatboy Slim? A fast, fun song that never slows down, and if it does, it's only to build up a great explosion in the song which gives you chills. Although the only lyrics consists of the words, Because We Can, everybody, and happy, the rhythmic beats keep the song way alive. 4. Sparkling Diamonds . Nicole Kidman - This song was the first time I ever heard Kidman sing, and I must say, I was surprised at well this lady can sing! She can go from being sexy to having a loud, strong voice. And all the time sounds like she's enjoying singing what she's singing. The song in itself is very fun, and full of girl power.  It mixes songs from great legends as Marilyn Monroe and Madonna, and does it well. 5. Rhythm of the Night . Valeria - I want to hear more from this girl! She sounds like a new Gloria Estifan. The Latin beats of Rhythm of the Night will keep you moving throughout the whole song. 6. Your Song . Ewan McGregor and Alessandro Safina - The soundtrack finally slows down after the previous fast beats with this ballad sang with great ease by McGregor. The operatic backgrounds supplied by Alessandro Safina go great with the song, and makes the song more powerful. The orchestra also gives the song a great feeling. 7. Children of the Revolution . Bono, Gavin Friday and Maurice Seezer - Now we go from orchestric ballad to a hard rock song led by the great voices known for their rock. Children of the Revolution will make anyone go for something their willing to do. It's like a victory song, of sorts. 8. One Day I'll Fly Away . Nicole Kidman - Nicole shows us her sweeter, softer side in One Day I'll Fly Away. The song is soft on the ears, and so is Nicole's voice. I never could've imagined how good she can sing. 9. Diamond Dogs . Beck - I've never been a big fan of Beck's music, but Diamond Dogs is better than most of it.  10. Elephant Love Medley . Nicole Kidman, Ewan McGregor and Jamie Allen - I love this! It combines many great love songs from the past decade into a wonderful medley supplied by Nicole and Ewan's voices. These two have great talent. And neared to the end, the background is full of, I guess, Jamie Allen's operatic vocals, with Nicole and Ewan harmonizing together. It's wonderful. 11. Come What May . Nicole Kidman, Ewan McGregor- Another song with Nicole and Ewan. Although it doesn't live up to Elephant Love Medley, it's still great. It's more of a ballad here, and really shines. 12. El Tango de Roxanne . Ewan McGregor, Jose Feliciano and Jacek Koman - I can't wait to see how this song is done in the movie. Ewan really shows off his vocal skills here, and the tune to El Tango de Roxanne is great. 13. Complainte de la Butte . Rufus Wainright - A very soft, happy like song. The beginning of the song is sung in French, I believe. And the accent of Rufus Wainright is great. 14. Hindi Sad Diamonds . Nicole Kidman, John Leguizamo, and Alka Yagnik - This is one wild song! The beats are right out of India, and Nicole Kidman's voice is used superbly! It's a fast and wild song. 15. Nature Boy . David Bowie and Massive Attack - This is a remix of the first track, and is done to the tune of a more hard rock song than the first haunting tunes.  Moulin Rouge marks itself as one of my favorite CDs, and will probably do the same to any fan of musicals, Nicole Kidman, or any music lover.     