 Angel's first season is all about closure from the Buffyverse and setting a totally unique and darker universe. In a smart move, Angel resides in LA after leaving Sunnydale and Buffy behind. In LA, he continues to seek redemption for his past doings. In doing so, he meets up with Doyle, a demon who receives head splitting visions of danger from the Powers that Be, and becomes Angel's aid. Along for the ride is former Sunnydale resident Cordelia Chase who begins the infamous Angel Investigations.   Never has there been such entertaining and involving television such as the first season of Angel. Being a spin-off of Buffy, Angel held its own ground in becoming a completely different show. Joss Whedon, David Greenwalt, and the rest of the show's writers developed the new characters and delved into Angel, Cordelia, and Wesley even more. Some of the more stellar episodes from this season are  Will Always Remember You, Heroes, Five by Five, Sanctuary, and the creepy Under Your Skin. Of course, that's based on my opinion for the remaining episodes are all awesome in their own way.   David Boreanaz's star quality is lowbrow, and he took this show in his own hands. But not stealing all the screentime for a lot is given to his costars. Charisma Carpenter is wonderful as always, even with her past Cordelia attitude. Charisma showed Cordelia's slow transition to having more heart very well. Her performance in the season one finale was breathtaking. Glenn Quinn's performance made him a loveable fan favorite, and always will be. The return of Alexis Denisof rounding out the main cast for season one was a swell choice. Elisabeth Rohm was a great addition, and J. August Richards as Gunn worked very well. Well enough to make him a regular cast member.   The DVD presentation is a swell one. Although the show was shot in the widescreen format, we do get regular full screen. Sound and picture are great, although the picture gets a little grainy sometimes. Nothing to complain about. All of the featurettes are nifty and chock full of interviews from cast & crew. The commentaries range from highly entertaining to subtly interesting, as most do. And the design of the whole set is mood setting. Loved it.    Angel's season one set up for the upcoming seasons which become even more darker, sinister, and quirkier. Yes, quirkier.     