 Soul Survivors, a film about a group of college bound friends who get in a wreck. One of them dies in the wreck, and the girlfriend of the deceased friend is now seeing him everywhere. She's also having reoccurring dreams of him, but experiencing things in real life. There's also a trio of mysterious individuals following and threatening her, and trying to take over the remaining two friends' lives.   Soul Survivors really could have been an enjoyable suspense thriller. The concept is very interesting. Even when they tried to lengthen it with a "Dream / Nightmare / Reality" concept, it still is interesting. This is why I bought the DVD before seeing the movie (Plus the fact that Eliza Dushku was in it). But the movie just doesn't live up to its interesting concept. There are many plot holes (What was with the opening murder scene? What exactly is the background of the 3 weird individuals?) and the ending is just one great big mind trip that has no rational explanation as it goes along. It was as if the director just filmed scenes which seemed to have tension and suspense and threw them together to see if we actually got the whole jist of it. Even in all of this, the cast was very strong and full of talented actors even if some of their characters and character development was very thin. Melissa Sagemiller, our lead, played the estranged girlfriend very well. She portrayed her character very well, with what she was given. I hope to see her in something else. Wes Bentley and Eliza Dushku's acting talents were shown here, and Casey Affleck was good.   Artisan does provide us DVD buyers with a very good disc. The video and audio are good, especially during the rave scenes in the movie. The "Killer Cut," which is the R-rated version of the movie, is on the disc as opposed to the theatrical PG-13 release. I never saw the PG-13 version, but I'm pretty sure I can pick out the stuff that wasn't on it. There are 3 deleted scenes. The first 2 do not really do much of anything for the movie, while the third deleted scene actually helped me understand the movie better and should have been kept in. There's also a fluffy featurette, scene-select audio commentary with Melissa Sagemiller, and theatrical trailers to Soul Survivors and 5 other Artisan titles. There's also an unneeded, not funny spoof docu on the band Harvey Danger, which contributed one song to the movie.  I really do wish Soul Survivors could have been edited differently with more background on the story because it could have been really good, but I'll have to settle for a very mildly entertaining movie.     