 Cruel Intentions shied away from the usual setting of a stereotypical high school setting, and put us in the middle of Upper Class New York. We are introduced to Kathryn (Sarah Michelle Gellar) and Sebastian (Ryan Phillipe) who are spoiled and manipulative people who couldn't care less about anyone. Kathryn bets Sebastian that he can't seduce virgin Annette (Reese Witherspoon) into losing her virginity, and as a side task, she also wants him to ruin Cecile's (Selma Blair) life because she stole Kathryn's boyfriend. Oh the woe. Sebastian takes up both of these offers, and works at both of them. But unexpectedly, falls in love with Annette, and now must fight an emotional war.   Cruel Intentions could be seen as a distasteful movie, but it really isn't. It's full of talented people, and the direction is quiet brilliant. Sarah Michelle Gellar steps out of her usual goody goody roles and steps into the shoes of Kathryn Merteiul, a crack snorting, sex addicted manipulator who gets joy out of ruining people's lives. And she does it well. Her given facial expressions really gave depth to the character. Sarah is a wonderful actress (Yes, she's my favorite). Ryan Phillipe did well as the snooty Sebastian Valmont, and completed the change his character went through with great ease. Reese Witherspoon was perfect for her role as Annette Hargrove. Her face cried "Innocence," and Selma Blair was hilarious as Cecile. The remaining cast - Sean Patrick Thomas, Christine Baranski, Eric Mabius, Joshua Jackson - all did well in their roles. Roger Krumble's direction is great. The sets were beautiful, and I also found myself paying attention to some of the camera work, which was awesome.   The Special Edition DVD has some notable features on it. The two featurettes (One on the movie and another focusing on the set designs) were interesting and are filled with cast and crew interviews. The commentary with director Roger Krumble was interesting, although it dulled sometimes. The highlight of the disc are the 6 deleted scenes. Each scene is introduced by Roger Krumble. He explains the scenes and gives the reason why there were taken out of the movie. Also included are two music videos and the theatrical trailer.   Cruel Intentions is a nicely sculpted drama with a great cast. Definitely worth the watch.     