 A big haunted insane asylum sits upon a hill that rests high above the ocean. In the dark, it looks exactly like the perfect haunted house. And of course, the asylum has a story behind it. Every place like that does. That's why theme park tycoon Steven Price (Geoffrey Rush) plans his wife Evelyn's (Famke Janssen) birthday party there, with a twist. But when the array of guests show up, not knowing each other nor who Steven or Evelyn is, but that they were invited to survive the night for one million dollars cash, things get a little scary. The house comes alive, and it's a fight to survive.  I never saw the 1950s original House on Haunted Hill, but I know it was nothing like this tense scare-ride. William Malone knew what he was doing when he directed this. His use of dark, soft colors and how he set up suspenseful scenes (the camera / operating scene, the blood tank) truly made the movie what it is. Geoffrey Rush is a true twin to Vincent Price when it comes to this movie. Famke Janssen plays the part of the rude wife to a tee. She's great. The film's heroes, Ali Larter and Taye Diggs do well. Chris Kattan is here for comic relief, and he did just what he had to do. Very funny guy. I must note that Bridgette Wilson is highly underused here. But her dismise (Sorry for that spoiler) is a great one and plays highly in the film. Horror icon Jeffrey Combs cameos in this movie, and plays the creepy Dr. Vannacutt.   The DVD is a sure treat! The menus outline the opening foyer of the house, and it's many different rooms. Very neat idea. The audio and video transfers are great. The supplements found on this disc are awesome. There are deleted scenes that are all worthy of catching. There's especially one that I wished they'd kept in. The audio commentary is great, and there is also some featurettes that give deep insight and relations with the 1950s version and this updated version. There are many more bonus features to keep you busy.  House on Haunted Hill is a sure way to keep you entertained if you're in for a fun horror movie.     