 Although Scream 2 doesn't surpass its predecessor, it's definitely an original suspense ride with a new bit of freshness added to it. Sidney Prescott is now in college as a theatre major, with a new group of friends and great new boyfriend. Her life, although still scarred by what happened back in Woodsboro, is seemingly becoming peaceful. But all that ends when Stab, the movie based on her Woodsboro horror, is released. The murders begin again, and Sidney's friends become targets.  Neve Campbell, Courtney Cox-Arquette, David Arquette, and Jamie Kennedy return with a fresh new cast to run from the face they all fear. Scream 2 is undoubtedly -- and like I stated before -- not as good as the original, but the scares and laughs are just as high. The opening scene is one to make anybody uncomfortable in a movie theatre. Kudos to Wes Craven for many brilliantly crafted scenes in Scream 2. I especially love the "Cassandra" theatre scene. It was definitely a heart racer. Another nail biter was the cop car scene. Timothy Olyphant, Elise O'Neil, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Liev Schrieber, Laurie Metcalf, and many more make up the supporting cast, and all are great. Especially Laurie Metcalf. That lady took her role and upped the notch with it. Great performance!  The Scream 2 DVD release is a bit lacking in the supplements department. I suggest purchasing the Scream Trilogy Box Set to get the true special edition of the disc. It's complete with an interesting commentary, hilarious outtakes (Listening to Elise O'Neil {Hallie} screaming different ways was hilarious), interesting deleted scenes (Although the scene with Sarah Michelle Gellar out in the courtyard is still nowhere to be found), behind-the-scenes featurettes, music videos, trailers, and more. It's extras galore on that disc!  Scream 2 is a great follow up to Scream. If only Randy (Jamie Kennedy) and Mickey (Timothy Olyphant) could have fought about their own movie within the movie, Scream 2 will be one of the best movie sequels.     