 Death. It's a touchy subject for everyone. But director James Wong doesn't take it lightly in his hot horror-thriller, Final Destination. In Final Destination, Devon Sawa plays Alex Browning who -- after having a vision -- saves himself and 6 others from an exploding plane. Turns out, "Death" wasn't through with them. One by one, they begin to die gruesome deaths. It's up to Alex to figure out Death's plan, and save those who are barely hanging on.  Final Destination was a very big sigh of relief for the horror genre after the slur of masked maniacs that had recently hit the big screen. Jeffrey Riddick's (storywriter) interesting idea was turned into a very interesting and deep movie by screenplay writer Glen Morgan and director James Wong. A very good element in Final Destination is that its characters were well developed and you cared for them by time Death made his way into their path. And the actors and actresses that made these characters all did great jobs in making us believe them. Devon Sawa - one who I personally never liked -- perfects the scared and confused but brave Alex Browning. Ali Larter - who has always been a favorite -- plays the part of Chloe, and plays it well. The remaining cast - Kerr Smith, Sean William Scott, Kirsten Cloke, Chad Donella, and more -- all did well. There's also a worthy cameo from Tony Todd, the infamous CandyMan. Great casting for this movie!   The New Line Platinum Series DVD is something to be proud about. There are two commentaries: one from James Wong, and another from Glen Morgan and the cast. With the deleted scene and alternate ending, it shows a different way the story could have went, but glad they didn't. Even though it is very interesting. Two featurettes are also present. One that explains the process of the test screenings that Final Destination went through, and another about a woman who claims to have premonitions much like the ones Sawa's character experiences in the movie. Rounding out the extras are two entertaining games, the theatrical trailer, and bios.   Final Destination is one to keep at the top of your list, and so is the DVD release. Here's hoping that the already hyped sequel is just as good, if not better.     