 A Nightmare on Elm Street 3 : Dream Warriors takes a turn for the ultimate best after A Nightmare on Elm Street 2 : Freddy's Revenge. Nancy has returned to help the remaining Elm Street kids to defeat the utmost evil, Freddy Krueger. The Elm Street kids are now in a psychiatric ward and are being treated for all types of sleep disorders. And noone will believe them until Nancy shows up. There are 3 very interesting concepts introduced into the NOES series. 1. Kristin, played by Patricia Arquette, is one of the newest patients at the ward. She has the ability to pull people into her dreams by calling out their names. They could've overused this technique and made it annoying, but it wasn't overused. Thus it worked wonderfully. 2. The term "Dream Warriors" is efficient in the movie. It desribes how each kid had a special power or talent they could only use in their dream. They would later use their special powers or talent to try and defeat Freddy. This also was not overused, and for most of them, their powers or talents worked against them. The director made the best of all of them though, and it was great. 3. Each kid also had a weak spot. Such as Taryn, played by Jennifer Rubins, was a recovering heroin addict and Joey, played by Rodney Eastman, was mute. NOES3 is the first Nightmare where Freddy begins to use the kids' weaknesses against them.  Each of these concepts were used in the best way possible, and I give mucho kudos to director Chuck Russel for bringing these concepts into the series. Wes Craven also helped in writing the script for this one.  The cast has some pretty well-known faces in it also. Patricia Arquette plays the Kristin, she who wields the power of bring people into her dreams. This lady can scream, and she can also act very well. Heather Langenkamp makes her return to the series, and always brightens up the room with her great smile. John Saxon, who is Nancy's father and was in Nightmare 1, also returns. Laurence Fishburne has a very small role, but has a decent amount of screentime.  In conclusion, A Nightmare on Elm Street 3 : Dream Warriors is one the best entries of the Nightmare series.     