 After not seeing The Craft for a while, I'd completely forgotten how much I loved the movie. Not because I'm into the actual craft, or because I'm a major die hard fan of anyone in the movie. It's because The Craft is a genuinely creepy atmospheric film with a side of witty humour and truthful underlying messages.   Sarah (Robin Tunney) is the new girl at school. Always never being able to fit in, she instantly falls into a group of misfit girls: Nancy (Fairuza Balk), Bonnie (Neve Campbell), and Rochele (Rachel True). All four girls have an interest in witchcraft, and they further their interests by having a complete circle, and finding a power within them. While the power in Sarah is a true power, Nancy - dubbed as the leader of the group - takes the power and abuses it. Using it to harm people, and to get her way. When a certain thing goes wrong, Sarah wants out of the circle, but the others will not have it. Now Sarah must believe in her power to stop Nancy and co. from taking her life.  Unfortunately, The Craft came out right before the success of teen horror that started with Scream (Also starring Neve Campbell and Skeet Ulrich). But it still grossed a good amount in theatres, and deserves what it made, and more. Robin Tunney is great as our lead. Her subtle emotions and knack of sarcasm made her character likable. Neve Campbell's character was the less seen, but she made it memorable. Rachel True brought a lot of charm and wit to the movie. Now, Fairuza Balk . . . that girl took her part and played it to the full extent. You'd truly think she was as crazy as her character had become, it looked so real. Very creepy and downright scary. Kudos to the Fairuza Balk. Skeet Ulrich and Christine Taylor are the victims here, and both play their supporting parts very good.   Columbia TriStar once again pleases DVD buyers with an awesome dvd presentation. The menus are very antimated with sound and movement (Although side menus are usually static). Picture and audio are great. No glitches from what I saw. There are 3 deleted scenes. The first two were very interesting with the first giving more depth between Robin Tunney and Neve Campbell's characters. There's an interesting behind-the-scenes featurette, as well as a commentary. As usual, there's the theatrical trailer and cast & crew bios. All very interesting.  Undeniably, this DVD is a good buy. The feature film alone is well worth any buy.     