 How do you top the wonder that is Buffy's second season? Add a quirky big bad, a rogue slayer, an alternate world, and the struggle that is Buffy and Angel's relationship and you've got something that is almost as good (and is good enough for some fans) to top the second season.  This is the season where I really became a major fan of Buffy. The writers never disappointed. Although the beginning episodes seem a bit off in places (Anne - Beauty & the Beasts, but all are good in their own way), the season plot really begins to take shape. The Mayor is introduced, and his plans to "ascend" and take over the world are revealed. Faith was introduced in the third episode as the Slayer to replace Kendra from season 2, and she is one heck of a character. Especially after she commits a horrible accident and decides to jump on the Mayor's side. The season's middle showcases some of the best stand alone episodes (although storyline is furthered along little by little). The Wish and Doppelgangland give us a taste of a different world for the Slayerettes. Also in the third season is the show's more controversial episode, Earshot.   As usual, the cast continued to mature and surprised the viewers with their abilities. Sarah Michelle Gellar's ability to show many ranges of emotion is great, and is seen in Revelations to Amends to the final showdown with the Mayor. Alyson Hannigan and Nicholas Brendon continue to mature their characters in a flawless way. David Boreanaz and Charisma Carpenter left the show with a bang and lasting impressions. Anthony Stewart Head was there as the mentor, and Seth Green's bigger part was appreciated. New to show was Eliza Dushku. She put a lot of spark into the show with her character. Emma Caulfield's intro was priceless.   The DVD set settled my craving for the third season with plenty of informative featurettes, great commetary listens, and spiffy menus. FOX should be highly thanked for giving us these seasons like they are. But should be glared at for not doing it as fast as they are in the UK.  Buffy's third season was just a foreshadowing of the more good stuff to come from the actors, writers, and Joss Whedon himself in the future.     