 Michael Myers murdered his sister on the night of October 31, 15 years ago. He is taken to a mental hospital, where under the care of a doctor (Donald Pleasance) he stays. One night, Michael decides to go for his other sister. Nothing will stop him, he's pure evil.  Halloween is the King of Horror Movies. Noone can say it isn't. It started the whole mask / knife thing. It's not bad for that. It's great for that. Another thing that makes Halloween great, unlike it's sequels and other slashers (Which are good), is that it didn't rely on blood or guts to make a scare. It relied on the use of it's dark and eerie shadows, and great score composed by the film's director, John Carpenter. Jamie Lee Curtis makes her feature film debut here, and she proved she was a great actress. She fit the role of Laurie Strode perfectly; looking like the girl next door. Donald Pleasance, who plays Sam Loomis, the one who knows all about Michael, is excellent. Pleasance's determination with his character made it all the more better. Michael Myers, himself, is a horror icon now. Here, in the first Halloween, the Shape was played by Nick Castle. Castle's actions and eerie movements (When he cocks his head as he admires his work one time) are truly creepy.   The 20th Anniversary Edition of Halloween (I think this is the one, there are so many editions of Halloween) gives a fair look at Halloween. The picture and audio quality are the best I've seen them. The featurette, Halloween: Unmasked, is a great detailed look on the production of the film. We get interviews with John Carpenter, Debra Hill, Moustapha Akkad, PJ "Laury" Soles, Brian "Tommy" Andrews, and Jamie Lee Curtis (on the set of H20). In addition to the theatrical trailer, there's a good supply of teasers and radio spots. There's a Photo / Still gallery of behind-the-scene pictures and movie stills, and also a promotional gallery that shows poster images and such. There's also the option of watching the movie in widescreen or full-frame format. The main menu is animated in a creepy way with the score in the background. Menu changes are animated with the sub-menus being static-y.   Halloween will always stand out as a classic, and will remain one of my favorites.     