 Josie and the Pussycats is a movie that a person will either hate, or they will love it. I fall into the "Love it" category. I just found it fun to watch. Rachel Leigh Cooke, Rosario Dawson, and Tara Reid (Hilarious! "I could be in this room - and in the bathroom - and in the closet") made completely lovable characters out of Josie, Val, and Mel. Alan Cummings and Parker Posey were great as our "cartoonish" villians. Parker Posey was hilarious and completely over the top, but it was great. There are plenty of cameos: Carson Daly, Aries Spears of MadTV, Seth Green, Breckin Meyer, and the Moviefone Man's Voice! Josie was all about pop culture and pop references. It's more like a spoof of the whole "Teen takeover" thing going on. The plot revolves around a sinister plan. The plan? <Enter cartoonish villain music from movie> A major underground corporation puts subliminal (right word?) messages in the backgrounds of CDs that sells stuff. A la, "Pepsi One is the new Diet Coke" and "Orange is the new pink!" and "I want an Abercrombie tee." The organization is headed by Parkey Posey and Alan Cumming's characters, and they have signed Josie and co. as their new band, and their new lab rat. All that ensues in Josie and the Pussycats is good times, and learning how to hold onto friendship. The DVD has pretty good picture, and the sound is good. Especially during the songs. The supplements are good enough to satisfy any fan of the movie. To begin with, there's a 24 minute featurette explaining the whole movie, and has some great behind-the-scenes footage. There are 3 deleted scenes. The first two are entertaining, but the 3rd is just a tiny extended scene. Next up is the video for Three Small Words by Josie and the Pussycats, and 2 videos from the spoofed boy-band Du Jour (Which had Seth Green and Breckin Meyer in it). The Du Jour videos are hilarious spoofs of boy band videos. Rounding out the extras is the theatrical trailer and cast and crew bios. I did find one dissapointing thing. In Parker Posey's movie credits, they forgot to mention her role in Scream 3. That's what made me a fan of Parker. There is also a commentary from director and producer, but I didn't get to catch that. Although I'm pretty sure it was entertaining. In the end, Josie and the Pussycats is your average attempt at a fun movie. For some people, it doesn't work. But there are a select number that do enjoy it, and I'm one of them.     