 Could anyone have mastered a tv series of Buffy the Vampire Slayer besides Joss Whedon? Absolutely not. Joss has created a show that is called by critics "Hip" and "Imaginative" and ". . . with a sense of style." The show is all of that, but much much more to its brigade of fans around the world. Including me. I've been a fan ever since the first season, which is now presented in this crazy thing we call DVD.    Buffy the Vampire Slayer's premise is familiar to almost everyone. It's about Buffy Summers, a girl who was born with the birth right of being the Slayer. One girl in all the world who must destroy the forces of darkness until her death. After burning down her high school gym in LA which was infested with vampires, she and her mother move to Sunnydale, CA where life is supposed be a fresh start. But nothing's that fresh in a Slayer's life. Buffy soon meets up with Xander, Willow, and Giles who become her Slayerettes and aid her in her battles. Along the way we are also introduced to Cordelia and Jenny Calendar, who even in small ways, help Buffy along the way.   Joss and co. set a mighty firm foundation for the show with its first season. The mood is right, the soundtrack is awesome, and his cast of mostly unknown talent is freshly recieved. Sarah Michelle Gellar, as the lead role, perfected the character of Buffy from the first scene. Her acting is superb. Alyson Hannigan and Nicholas Brendon are her companions Willow and Xander. Each gave depth to their character in only the first episode. Anthony Stewart Head and Kristine Sutherland balance the show with being the grown ups, and not being over grown uppish. Tony Head is excellent as Buffy's Watcher, Giles. Rounding out the first season's main cast is Charisma Carpenter and Robia La Morte. Charisma perfected her role as the snobby Cordelia, and you couldn't help but fall in love with Robia as Jenny Calendar.  The DVD's picture and sound is the best it can be since Buffy was originally shot on 16mm. The commentaries are very interesting to those who are fans of the show. Joss gives little snippets on ideas that were thrown away and other interesting facts about behind-the-scenes stuff. There are also interviews with Joss and David Boreanaz. A Buffy trailer, picture gallery, and the script for the Pilot are also available.  Buffy the Vampire Slayer, now in its 6th season, is still going strong. There have been many new faces to come and go, and many new intelligent storylines. I'm sure there are many still to come.     