 When Buffy's fourth season aired, I did love it. But it was completely overshadowed by the wonderful fifth season. It began to descend lowly on my list of favorite seasons. Do not get me wrong, every single season of Buffy is intelligent and attention-given, but the fourth didn't thrill me as much. Having not seen the episodes in a long time, and even not watching them in syndication, must have really prepared me for the release of the fourth season because I believe I enjoyed every single second of it even more than I did when all of the episodes premiered on television.  With Angel and Cordelia off to pursue LA (and David Boreanaz and Charisma Carpenter, along with Alexis Denisof, to pursue their own show), Buffy's season 4 opens with the gang starting college at UC Sunnydale. Everyone fits in, except for Buffy. She feels small and alone in the big "new world." Xander also, after his nearly outside of California roadtrip, feels he doesn't know where he belongs. This is just a minute foreshadowing of the whole theme of season four, and that is growing up and beginning the quest to find where one belongs. Joss Whedon always substituted his monsters as for real life situations, and here he begins to show us real life in the show, just ... with monsters that still were metaphors. Having made that sense of that sentence, I will continue to say that every episode of season four is grand in its own way. Silly stand alones like Beer Bad and Superstar (woo Danny Strong!) were hilarious. Eliza Dushku's 2 episode return caused quite an uproar for the Slayerettes and quite thrilling those episodes were. Joss-directed Hush and Restless were both Emmy worthy, as even Hush was nominated. Although a bit on the off-side, the whole Initiative deal worked. And worked better viewing on the DVD.   The whole cast once again upped the ante and matured their acting abilities as they matured their characters. Emma Caulfield became a recurring character during season four, and I thank the casting people for making that decision. Marc Blucas as Riley is brought in as Buffy's new love interest, and I was one of the few who liked the character and was ready for something new. James Marsters returns as Spike, and his aura adds a LOT to the show. Also, a great addition was Amber Benson as Tara. Willow and Tara's relationship was handled minorly yet effectively, and in the best way.   A plethora of commentaries spread across the set, with even Seth Green popping in for one. Many featurettes give us nifty insights to different things such as the characters of Oz and Spike, the music, and one on Hush. The remaining supplemental material satisfied me, and should any fan.   Buffy's fourth season was one of growing up, and kind of seperating the gang, but in the end with the final two episodes - Primeval and Restless - the core four (Buffy, Willow, Xander, and Giles) come together and it's the core four that are focused on.     