 Why is it that hardly anything surprises me these days? Granted that Final Destination 2 and Chicago were breaths of fresh air. But nothing else ..., yet has to grab my high attention. And here, I am talking about Darkness Falls. I really wanted this movie to grab me by the hair and tug me into the darkness a la the "Tooth Fairy" villian here, but nothing did.   The premise was great. The town of Darkness Falls has a dark legend. The woman who gave children a gold coin in exchange for their baby teeth. When she is accused of murdering 2 children, they hang the woman. In revenge, she spends her afterlife visiting those who lose their last baby teeth. Those who take a look while she's visiting, they die. Actually, anyone who spies her, they die. Awesome awesome premise. Was it handled "awesome awesome?" Nah. If I were 14 again, and watching this, I may have been scared.   I was kind of relying on the performances to bring this up. Didn't happen. Not even with Emma Caulfield. How can she act so superbly on Buffy and act half wittedly here? The dialogue. Darkness Falls had some of the shortest and redundant dialogue. Our three main characters had minimal depth while others were just placed in to be killed. Which we never saw. Just a fly away effect.   Even with this array of negatives I'm throwing in this review, there were some positives. The opening montage of Matilda's past was neat. And the opening scene in which we learn the main character's past with Matilda or the Tooth Fairy was a suspense-filled and nifty shot sequence. After that, everything went downhill. The finale gave a little bit of a resurgance, but not much. And the extremely long credits were interesting. What was that song playing at the beginning?  The DVD is a pretty good one. Audio and video are good. There are two commentaries if you're interested. Seven deleted scenes are included. The only one worth watching is the Hallway of Lights. Should have kept that one in the movie. Also included are 2 featurettes and the interesting storyboard comparisons. Not a theatrical trailer, though. Perhaps it is being saved for a director's cut? I really want a director's cut. See, I'm still hoping for this to be a good movie.  In the end, Darkness Falls shows nothing new, and gives nothing more to the basic horror movie. Unless ... there's a director's cut. Please?     