 Scream is undoubtedly horror's milestone. It did wonders for the horror of the late 90s. Much like Halloween in the 70s, it set up the formula for horror movies after it. Even though many horror movies overused that formula.   Everyone knows the plot. And it's simply basic. Someone is killing a town's teenagers, and it's obvious the killer is obsessed with movies. But there's a whole different story behind that simple plot. And it's handled in a way that brings true horror to real life. Kevin Williamson wrote a great script, with the wittiest dialogue I've ever heard in a movie. I honestly think every little wink to movies and every snappy comeback said in Scream did not come off corny at all. Half of that success is due to the talented cast. Neve Campbell is our heroine, and becomes much like that of Jamie Lee's Laurie Strode. Courtney Cox-Arquette and David Arquette met on this set, and their chemistry is shown greatly. I love the couple. Matthew Lillard and Jamie Kennedy supply most of the comedic relief during the darkest tones of the movie, and do it well. Skeet Ulrich plays the boyfriend to a tee, and his resemblance to Johnny Depp from Nightmare on Elm Street is crazy. And the awesome Rose McGowan. She was also great. And all thanks to Drew Barrymore for giving us one of the most intense scenes in a horror movie. And I don't believe Scream's horror movie tone could not have been done without Wes Craven. This is definitely his movie, and it shows.   Scream's DVD presentation is certainly a good disc. An undoubtedly entertaining and insightful commentary is given by Wes Craven and Kevin Williamson. Although an additional one from the cast would have been a nice addition, but I'm not going to complain. There are many behind-the-scenes vendettas to explore, and the usual theatrical trailers and tv spots are also available.   Six years after its release, Scream has already gone down as a horror classic. Actually, the whole trilogy is classic. Although the two sequels are nothing in compare to Scream.     