 Scream gave us the motives and the major storyline, Scream 2 lengthened the storyline, and Scream 3 settled the motives and the storyline. That's how the trilogy went, and it was a fun ride.   And in the third and final Scream, we see that Sidney is in hiding in the California hills and is ultimately paranoid. But who can blame her? She's only had 4 psychos kill almost 15 of her friends or people close to her. Meanwhile, Stab 3 is currently in production, with a now successful Cotton making a cameo in the movie and Dewey being a technical advisor on the movie. Suddenly, bodies began to turn up, and the killer leaves pictures of a young Sidney's mother with every victim. Now Sidney, Dewey, and Gale (who thinks she's hot on the case) and the remaining cast and crew of Stab 3 must try to survive, and Sidney must try to discover who the killer is, and why the pictures of her mother are turning up.   With another all star cast, and great writing, Scream 3 ended the Scream trilogy in a way that combined all three Screams with a very surprising plot twist. Neve Campbell, David Arquette, and Courtney Cox-Arquette give their characters their usual moods and tones, and do it well. I personally love Courtney's character, Gale Weathers. New additions in Scream 3 are Parker Posey, Patrick Dempsey, Lance Henricksen, Jenny McCarthy, and many more talented actors. Parker Posey was certainly there for comedic relief. She was hilarious. There are also some surprise cameos. Ehren Kruger took over as writer, and did very well. As Scream movies do, they poke fun at the horror genre. Specifically a scene with Jenny McCarthy's character in which she complains about being having to die naked in Stab 3. And as with Scream and Scream 2, the horror-meister Wes Craven was in the director's chair. Wes' directing style is perfect for horror movies, and is very respectable to the genre.    I love the Scream Trilogy, but I would NOT want another Scream. It ended the way it was supposed to, and if there is another, it would totally ruin the whole thing.  As for the DVD, I thank Dimension Home Video for it. The video and audio transfers are great. We are TREATED with an assortment of deleted scenes or alternate takes, including an alternate ending. Although there really isn't much difference, it was still fun to watch. The commentary given by Wes and some of the crew is very interesting and they never quit talking, which is a good thing in this commentary's case because they always have something interesting to say. Other features include the Creed video "What If", theatrical trailer, outtakes from all Screams (Very funny), and a lot of TV Spots. No dissapointment is in this disc, nor the movie.     