 Moulin Rouge has got to be the best movie of 2001. I sat down, when I was sleepy, to watch it, not expecting to finish it before I fell asleep, but I never even yawned. Moulin Rouge was one of the most spectacular ("Spectacular Spectacular"...lol) movies I've ever seen. I had to get use to the quick changing of scenes and such, because it's a fast paced movie, but that's what made it good. The music was awesome, and in a way, I feel the soundtrack cheated us out on some of the songs. The soundtrack is still pretty awesome anyway. Nicole Kidman and Ewan McGregor and all of the other cast could sing, dance, and wonderfully entertain. Nicole Kidman surprised me majorly. She's wonderful. This and The Others has made her one of my favorite actresses. Words can't describe her performance here. It was unbelievable. Ewan McGregor was also very good. I haven't seen many movies with him in it, but this showed he has very extraordinary talent. John Leguizamo, as always, was hilarious. And to be honest with you, I'd never cried and laughed so much at a movie. When a character would feel anger, I would feel it. The actors did a superb job. Baz Luhrman is pure genius!  The DVD, like it says on the box, is a groundbreaking and breathtaking experience. The menus are great and go right along with theme of the movie, and are navigated by The Green Fairy.  On the first disc, the commentary with Baz Luhrman is there, and a neat special viewing of the movie called Behind the Red Curtian. During the movie, The Green Fairy pops up and we are treated to different entertaining featurettes. The second disc is full of extra features. There are extended dance scenes with the multi-angle viewing option. I found this very interesting and fun. The Cutting Room includes director and producer interviews, deleted or extended scenes, and a "mockery" by Baz Luhrman. all very fun. There's an extensive look at the Marketing of the movie that's very worth the look. There are also sections on the choreography and the music.  The Moulin Rouge 2 disc DVD has got to be the #1 DVD ever produced as of now, and the movie will always live on with me.     