 The Lost World takes us back to that good ol' land of the dinosaurs to see another experiment screw up, and a lot of people attacked. This time, John Hammond thought he was just sending a team of four (Including a returning Jeff Goldblum) to another island where they housed the dinosaurs to photograph and document the dinosaur's lives. What Hammond didn't expect was that the new head over InGen has sent a huge team to capture a variety of dinosaurs to bring back to the states for a theme park. When the capture of a T-Rex baby goes wrong for the bad side, and the good side rescue it, all things go awry and the action begins.  Steven Spielberg brought us The Lost World, based again on the book and screenplay by Michael Crichton. Although there's not all the spark that was ignited in Jurassic Park, The Lost World still has enough light to give an enjoyable action ride. I see it as this. When Jurassic Park ended, you wanted more T-Rex and raptor attack scenes and you wanted to see more beautiful imagery with extremely crafted CGI dinosaurs walking around. Well, that's what was given to us in The Lost World, but they used an interesting plot to surround the mix. And we get even more dinosaurs this time around.  Jeff Goldblum returns as Ian Malcolm, and his character is a bit less annoying here, even though the same character feel is obvious. Julianne Moore is his scientist girlfriend who is sent to the island by Hammond. Vanessa Lee Chester adds the usual kid element in the JP films, and much like Joseph Mazzarello and Ariana Richards in Jurassic Park, she wasn't a bit annoying, and her chemistry with Goldblum was great. Vince Vaughn held out his own, and play the protector pretty good. The rest of the supporting cast were a mix of likeable / annoying characters. And the dino talk between the red headed / bearded guy and Julianne Moore was fairly interesting and it sounded as if they were truly discussing dinosaurs.  The DVD is almost similar to the Jurassic Park one, with the Making Of feature, and plenty of photos and special effects featurettes. The Dinosaur Encyclopedia is also present. As is two uninteresting deleted scenes. My question is why isn't the pterodactyl helicopter attack scene here? There's also another scene not present that was shown when FOX aired The Lost World a while back. The video and audio transfers were great.  It's obvious I'm a fan of the Jurassic Park movies, because most people actually dislike The Lost World for either being boring or not like the original. I know it's not like the original, but in its own, The Lost World is a great action flick with plenty of Spielberg heart.     