 Season 2 of American Idol has been and is still quite a ride, and the talent showcased on the show has varied. It's obvious by the performances presented on this cd. Why the theme "America's All-time Classic Love Songs" was chosen, I have no idea. But the result is a great listen.     1. What the World Needs Now Is Love - Performed by the final 10 contestants, this collaboration led by Burt Bacharach is wonderful and heartfelt. The voices of the 10 combine soothingly.  2. Ruben . "Superstar" - This is exact proof why Ruben deserves to be where he is today. His vocal talents are superior, and from the first notes of his voice, the song is wonderful.  3. Clay . "Wings of Love" - I really wish Clay would have performed a different song. This one really doesn't show off the vocals heard on the show. But still, a great performance.  4. Julia . "At Last" - When I first heard this song, I wasn't aware of who was singing it. After listening, I exclaimed "JULIA?!" Her rendition of At Last is great! Probably my 2nd favorite on the cd. Why wasn't she this good during the competition? A good track.    5. Josh . "3 Times A Lady" - Josh's full potential is shown here in this song, I believe. As one of the judges may say, this song was perfect for him. A great cover.   6. Trenyce . "Let's Stay Together" - We've seen Trenyce perform this on the show, and she's even better here on the cd. She's got diva in her voice. Awesome performance.  7. Rickey . "Back At One" - I believe Rickey has also performed this song on the show. Albeit, one of his best performances on the show. Thus making this an excellent choice for this cd.  8. Kim C . "Killing Me Softly" - Kimberly Caldwell's unique voice covers this song in a most awesome way. She has a great voice.  9. Corey . "Open Arms" - Great song choice! Corey has true talent. I like it.   10. Carmen . "How Do I Live" - I really liked how Carmen's "sheep" thing is hardly noticeable during this song. She was my favorite on the competition, and this proves she can sing.   11. Kimberley L . "Over the Rainbow" - This is Kimberley L's song. She has performed it on the show, and it shows her vocal range. I agree with Paula, this girl is sultry. And it works. She's wonderful.  12. Charles . "Overjoyed" - This is the best I've ever heard Charles sing.   13. God Bless the USA - The final 10 collaborate again here. This recently went to be the #1 single in America. No doubt that it was for it is beautifully sung by the contestants.  Although I'm disappointed Vanessa Oliveraz wasn't able to have a track on this compilation, the cd is still one for the fans. And to show off your favorite contestant to your friends. Unless your favorite was Vanessa. Then well, show them a possible recorded tv clip.     