 This is the third dvd with the Best Of . . . title for the amazing Friends t.v. show. Watch me as I do my Chandler Happy Dance, feel dumb, and review the following five episodes! (1) The One with the Blackout - NYC experiences a complete blackout while the gang is at Monica's. Only Chandler is stuck in an ATM with a model. Oh, the dorkiness that is Chandler in this episode. It's great! (2) The One with the Candy Hearts - This is the return of Janice! I love her. She's absolutely hilarious and annoying as always. Joey sets Chandler up on a blind date who turns out to be Janice. And guess who ends up in bed with who on Valentine's Day?! Also, Ross and Carole have a long talk after having been left by their dates at a restaurant.  (3) The One Where Ross and Rachel . . . You Know - This is the first official Ross and Rachel dating episode! Of course it doesn't go smoothly (Rachel can't stop laughing when Ross touches her), but in the end, all is well. Also, Tom Selleck beings his guest starring as Monica's love interest. (4) The One with the Football - One of the many famous Thanksgiving episodes! Here, Ross and Monica plan a football game to get the infamous Gellar Cup. This one's great with the friends against each other. Extreme competition! And I must mention that Jennifer Aniston is too cute in this one. (5) The One that Could Have Been - This episode is absolutely great! The gang sits around at Central Perk, wondering what would have happened if . . . Monica was still fat? Rachel would have married? Ross was still with Carole? Chandler would have a different job? Phoebe had become a stockbrocker? and if Joey would have become a true actor? This episode truly deserves the Best Of . . . treatment the most. It's a great episode with outstanding performances from each actor. Especially Courtney Cox. She has true comedic style.  In addition the uncut episodes, there's a documentary on making the set of a Friends episode. It's a little outdated, but it was still an interesting watch. Also, the usual Cast and Crew bios are there. Awesome Best Of . . . , but still doesn't beat Volume 1.     