 See horror! See comedy! See rotting corpses run around yelling "Brains!" See Return of the Living Dead in all of its loving glory!     Yes, Return of the Living Dead is the perfect mix of horror, hokeyness, and comedy in one heckuva fun movie. Thanks to the curiosity of two medical supply warehouse employees, the tanks that housed zombies from the "real event" that Romero's Night of the Living Dead was inspired by, are opened and the putrid gas is melted into the ground thanks to rain. And up come the dead! A group of misfit teens, the two employees, and another creepy looking guy who gives on the minute humour are trapped in the morgue / warehouse as the dead want their brains.  Return of the Living Dead could have easily been misinterpreted and be thought of as a downright cheesy, useless horror flick. But I - along with many other people - find RotLD to be the definite zombie flick of the eighties. Dan O'Bannon treated us to a great flick. First off, the horror is definitely there. Suspense kicks in just as soon as the zombies rise, and you never know who's going to be next. Comedy is present, and throughout most of the film. And it's never tired. What also made RotLD interesting is, there's no one main character. There may be some more focused on, but there's no complete protagonist. The group of humans is the protagonist, and the zombies are the antagonist. Also, a great scene is with the captured half-zombie chick and her giving the explanation of why the dead do what they do. Creepy.  Thanks to MGM for giving the fans a decent dvd release. Most of the supplements feature on the designing of the zombies and such, but they're interesting for die hard fans. The trailer and tv spots are fun to watch, but I warn that the tv spots are quite repetitive. The picture transfer is pretty good, with only a flew glitches and audio is good.   With its perfect mix, Night of the Living Dead homages, and fun cast, Return of the Living Dead is the choice for 80s zombie movies.     