 Legally Blonde is one of the best underdog movies I've ever come across. Reese Witherspoon plays Elle Woods, a Beverly Hills blonde with a fashion designing career in order and a Hawaiin Tropic belt under her . . . belt. When her boyfriend (Matther Davis) decides to dump her and go to Harvard to pursue a career in Law, Elle figures the only way to win him back and to show him up at his own game. So Elle heads off to Harvard, and certainly does show a lot of people that blonde is a whole lot more fun than people put on.  Legally Blonde came as a surprise hit to Hollywood. But it's totally worthy of it's praise. The screenplay is smooth going and never hits a corny note, even with some of the characters that could have been ultra corny. Reese Witherspoon absolutely shines as Elle Woods. Jennifer Coolidge was adorable as Elle's new best friend, Paulette. Matthew Davis played the part of the rich, snobby boy to the core, and Selma Blair's change in character was flawless. She's too cute. The rest of the supporting cast all gave great performances, as well as the little Chihuahua who played Bruiser.  The Special Edition dvd is a must-have for your collection. There are two audio commentaries with film crew and Reese Witherspoon. Two features, one which goes into full detail on the movie; from the beginning of the idea to the end result. I was glad to see this instead of a 7 minute or so promotional spot which is marked as a featurette. This part of the DVD is a much watch. The other featurette is all about Reese's hair and is a fun little ditty. There are 8 or so deleted scenes, some with commentary from director Robert Luketic. Rounding out the extras are the theatrical trailer, production notes, and cast & crew bios. The picture quality is great with Elle's bright colors contrasting well with the fall colored background of Harvard. The audio is also very good.  Legally Blonde will certainly stand out from the rest, and it's all thanks to the cast and crew, and mainly, Reese Witherspoon.     