 Come on people, the cinema isn't perfect these days. Very rarely do we get gems these days. Yet, most of the stuff that is being put out is certainly entertaining. And although a large majority of people do not have this movie on their list of entertaining ones, I do. Bless the Child, I think, contains a well thought out story of a young girl who was sent from God. A Satanist who has been searching for her will stop at nothing to make sure he turns her over to the devil.   The good stuff: Some of the acting. The little girl who plays Cody, Holliston Coleman, was actually very good. Her character never once annoyed or bothered me. She can deliver some strong lines. "After you." Yeah, I know, it may sound corny to some people, but while watching the movie and what happened before she said it, kind of chilled me. Christina Ricci did well here. Her character was used to get Kim Basinger's character closer to finding Cody, but wasn't used enough. I really wish they would have broadened her character. It was also nice to see Jimmy Smits put back on the "cop / detective" routine. Although this is labeled as a psychological thriller or what have you, there are jump scenes and gore. The jump scenes were pretty much non-effective in some parts, but in anothers, it worked well. I didn't even expect the gore. Yes, there are decapitated heads and knitting needles through eyes here. It surprised me.  The bad / fair stuff: Um, Kim Basinger really didn't do well here. In her other movies she's been in, she is awesome, but here? She rarely gave a convincing performance. The ending is pretty much where she shines. Rufus Sewell, who was Eric Stark - the villain-  did okay as the Satanist Eric Stark. But he wasn't that much of an intimidation with his actions. Although his performance really never dulled.     I felt as if the beginning of Bless the Child was a bit rushed, but after that, the movie settles into the basic plot, and rides from there. It's not a quick ride. I do admit, sometimes it dragged, but it never lost my interest.   The DVD's video and audio transfers are pretty good. The colors are done very good. The only supplements on the disc are an audio commentary (Which I have yet to catch), theatrical trailer, and interviews. Would have been nice to at least seen a featurette of some sort.   In the end, Bless the Child isn't top Hollywood material, but it's interesting none-the-least.     