 A few movies I've seen in my short time on earth, I call them "movie epics." Those that top that list are Men In Black, Titanic, and Twister. But the movie that easily surpasses those three films is the epic of all major movie epics, Steven Spielberg's Jurassic Park.   The plot is known to almost everyone. A brilliant scientist, John Hammond, discovers a process that is able to bring dinosaurs back to life, and succeeds in doing so. He soon has a giant setup on a secluded island, where he plans to begin a sort of dinosaur park. Hammond invites a group of scientists, archeologists, and his two grandchildren to be the first ones to experience Jurassic Park, but when a scientist who works with the park screws something up, the dinosaurs are let free. And everyone must fight for their lives.    Jurassic Park is the truest thrill ride you can get out of a movie. Although it takes an hour to set everything up, the second hour is when the action begins and barely lets down. The story by Michael Crichton, from beginning to end, is a well thought out and exciting story. The story was initiated very very well by director The acting is brilliant. With performances from Sam Neill, Laura Dern, Jeff Goldblum, Richard Attenburg, Wayne Knight, Samuel L. Jackson, Joseph Mazzello, and Ariana Richards. All performances were right on the mark. I remember being a little kid, and actually looking up to Sam Neill's characters, having a crush on Laura Dern's, and relating to Joseph Mazello's and Ariana Richard's. And the special effects. Never had, or have I been so convinced. They still seem to surpass today's standards. The dinosaurs looked so incredibly real. Whether they were CGI or animatronics. Very awesome.  The DVD presentation is a mentionable one. The picture and audio  transfers are amazing. I actually found myself yelling at the T-Rex for making so much noise. There are some nice supplements. We get plenty of info on the animatronics and EFX of the movie. There's a behind the scenes deal, and a neat dino encyclopedia complete with sound effects. The menus for the dvd are neat too.  Jurassic Park was absolute fun as a kid, but now, as a 17 year old, I'm able to laugh at the grown up jokes and enjoy the actual piece of cinema from the viewpoints of looking at acting and directing. Yet, I still find myself getting hyped up for any scene dealing with the T-Rex or raptors. Always will.     