 A Nightmare on Elm Street 4 : The Dream Master is the first of the Nightmare movies to use a lot of special effects. The first 3 stuck with prosthetics and animatronics, and Nightmare 4 went with special effects. Some of it was corny (The meatball heads), and some of it was outstanding (The roach girl).   The story begins with Kristen (Who is now played by Tuesday Knight) and the two other surviving "Dream Warriors" Joey and Kincaid. She explains how she thinks Freddy is coming back. Joey and Kincaid tell her to forget it, he's dead. Welp, he's later risen by Kincaid's dog urinating fire on his grave in a dream, and Freddy succeeds in killing Kincaid. Freddy then offs Joey, and subsequently Kristin. This is what I didn't like about Nightmare 4. They are easily killed by Freddy in this one when they were strong enough to survive in earlier. It confused me, but I guess it was crucial to the storyline. In between their demises, we're introduced to a whole new group of kids. None of them are Elm Street kids, but Freddy decides he wants more souls so he used Kristin to pull one of her friends into the Freddy's dream world so he can continue his soul getting. The fried Kristin pulls in is Alice. Alice has a special talent that she doesn't know about. She's able to accept her friend's real talents and instincts when they are killed by Freddie. The final battle between Alice and Freddy is one of the best final confrontations out of all of the Nightmare movies. (Excluding New Nightmare.)  The acting by Tuesday Knight was, in the least, horrible. I wish Patricia could've come back. The others faired well,and you cared for some of them. Lisa Wilcox, the gal who played Alice, really shined. She made Alice my favorite Nightmare heroine. Robert Englud returns as Freddy, but Freddy returns as a wise-cracking bumbling idiot. There's no more mystery or darkness to the character anymore. That was a downfall.  In conclusion, A Nightmare on Elm Street 4 : The Dream Master took a couple of steps down from NOES3, but the ending made up for the whole movie.     