 After a long wait, the second volume of the Moulin Rouge soundtrack has been released. Was it worth the wait? Partly so. A couple of songs from the movie that weren't on the original soundtrack are on here and are some of the best songs form Moulin Rouge. The powerful "The Show Must Go On," sung by Jim Broadbent and Nicole Kidman, is here. This one of the turning point songs in the movie and Broadbent and Kidman's vocals are extremely powerful. The fun and ecstatic "The Pitch (Spectacular Spectacular)," sung by many of the cast, was needed on this soundtrack, and is! There's also the hilarious "Like A Virgin," sung by Broadbent and Richard Roxburgh, and the shortly heard in the movie but great "Meet Me In the Red Room" by Amiel. The film version of "Come What May" was a nice surprise on the disc. There's also a remix of Kidman's "One Day I'll Fly Away." The remaining tracks are wonderful instrumentals.  Now, why did I say the wait was partly worth the wait? Because there are still many more songs from the movie that are still not on a cd. The whole mix that plays when the Bohemians frolic with the Green Fairy up until Satine comes on the scene is not here. The mix includes "Diamond Dogs," "Smells Like Teen Spirit," "Rhythm of the Night," "Lady Marmalade," and other songs. The movie version of "Rhythm of the Night" is also missing. The song Nicole sings after Zidler finds out about Satine and Christian is sadly missing as it seems Kidman put true feeling into that one little bit. The closing take on Come What May mixed with Children of the Revolution is also not here. And Josh Abrams' mix of Come What May is sadly not on the disc. There may be reasons why they aren't on the cd, but they're surely missed. I say, make a huge 2-3 disc edition of the soundtrack. That would be awesome.  Even though there are songs missing that are great, this second volume of the Moulin Rouge soundtrack is worth the buy for any fan of the great Golden Globe winning, Oscar nominated, Moulin Rouge.     