 Congrats to Friends cast and crew for making it the #1 show of the 2001-2002 season. And who thought any other show woud outbeat it?! It's awesome! Of course it's popularity would produce some dvds, and they started with the Best Of... series to see if they would sell. And they did! Therefore, we now have seasons come out on DVD.   The first Best Of... dvd contains five episodes in their uncut original form.  (1) Pilot. This is actually the first Friend ep I ever saw when I became a fan 3 seasons after the show began. And strangely, I felt liked I'd watch the show forever. I instantly liked every character with their own special quirkiness.  (2) The One with Two Parts - This episode is one of the most touching ones with Ross accepting the fact - although not readily - that he's going to be a father. George Clooney and Noah Wyle spoof their on ER characters when they guest star as two doctors that Rach and Monica make dates with. This one's great with Rach and Monica getting themselves into trouble and trying to get out of it. (3) The One with All the Poker - This is my 2nd fav Friends ep. The guys invite the girls to play poker, and of course, the girls have no idea to play, until Monica's aunt teaches them the ropes, and it's an all out poker battle.  (4) The One Where Ross Finds Out - Ross finally discovers Rach's love for him, but he and his girlfriend Julie are ready to take the next step in a relationship. Getting a cat. There's a great part where Ross refers the cats to Julie and Rach without Julie really knowing about. And a absolutely bored Monica makes Chandler lose weight, but it begins to "kill" Chandler. (5) The One with the Prom Video - One of the great flashback eps with fat Monica and bad-nose Rach! The gang sits around to watch an old prom video that Monica has found, only to have it reveal something sweet between Rach and Ross.  This collection of episodes is great. The cast of Friends is awesome and very talented. I love this show! I love this dvd! I love . . . friends.     