 You want to talk brilliance in directing? Let's talk Joss Whedon! You want to talk great and believable acting? Let's talk Sarah Michelle Gellar, Alyson Hannigan, Nicholas Brendon, ect. You want to talk a critically acclaimed, underrated, brilliant television show with enough wit and guts to outplay any other horror dramedy every thought of? Let's talk Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Especially the highly praisable second season in which every future storyline for the show was set, and the relationships of the characters were set in complete line. Thumbs up and kudos to Joss Whedon and crew for coming up with the most interesting and heartfelt storylines for the show. There were so many twists and turns in the 22 episode season to fill up a dozen movies. Not to mention the many moments when you had to either fight back the tears or just let them flow. It was also neat to see the many references to classic movie monsters during this season. There's even one baddy and his storyline that resembles that of Freddy Krueger and the Nightmare on Elm Street series, and I must say that that one episode (Killed by Death) is one of the creepiest Buffy episodes ever, after the all-silent Hush. This season could not have been so awesome if it weren't for the superb cast. All the cast shined here, but big credit has to be given to the four main players. Sarah Michelle Gellar, Alyson Hannigan, Nicholas Brendon, and Anthony Stewart Head. Their portrayal of friendship and loyalty is the best I've ever seen by a TV group of friends in a drama. In my utmost opinion, Buffy the Vampire Slayer is the best television show ever composed. And I'm very thankful for having the second season on DVD.    The DVD collection itself is a must-have. All 22 episodes are here. There is one problem I have with it, although it was expected. The picture of certain segments of some episodes turned out to be very grainy and almost hard to watch, but with the type film they shot this season on, it would be hard to have an almost perfect transfer. Although I wish FOX would have tried harder to clear it up. There are four commentaries to four different episodes here, with Joss Whedon's commentary for Innocence being the most entertaining. Three featurettes on set design, the villains, and costumes are also here and are sure entertainment and give full insight. Also available are interesting trailers, scripts for certain episodes, and an extensive photo gallery. The menus are very innovative too. Very neat.  The second season DVD collection is certainly a high step up from the first season. Now, I must sit and wait for Buffy's third season to be released this winter.     