 If I was told to describe Jonathan Larson's Rent in one word, I would not do it. Because I could not do it. I have never even seen the actual show (Yet!), and I absolutely ADORE the musical. The music is so astounding. There are right tunes to fit the most amazing words and dialogue! And the music itself is 50% the feeling of the play. It plays the emotional part. The other 50%, of course, are the actors' voices. Every single person in Rent has a wonderful voice! Even right down to the furcoat saleswoman. Every single thing about Rent is just truly amazing.  Rent tells the story of a group of friends and enemies who are struggling through life with hardships, and enjoying some of the nice things life gives us. There are a variety and diverse group of characters. We have strong-voiced, songwriter Roger (Adam Paschal) who is recently getting over the suicide death of his girlfriend. She committed suicide because she found out she had Aids and had passed it on to Roger. His true feelings are strongly expressed in the highlight that is One Song Glory. Roger then meets the ultra tasty looking Mimi (Daphne Rubin-Vega) who happens to just "stop by" looking for a light for her candle in the sweet Light My Candle. Our narrator, Mark (Anthony Rapp), is perhaps my favorite character. Rapp's voice stimulates the character of Mark in every single feeling that the character goes through. There's also the antagonist, Benny (Taye Diggs) who you sometimes care for, and sometime are glad that his Akita has died. Morbid, ain't it? And then there's the unforgettable transvestite, Angel (Wilson Jermaine Heredia). Angel is met by Bollins (Jesse L. Martin) while performing on his ten-gallon pickle drum out on the street. And who can forget the pair that is Joanne (Fredi Walker) and Maureen (Idina Menzel)? Maureen is Mark's ex-girlfriend who decided she was gay, and is now in a relationship with Maureen. All of these character's lives mix, and we get great songs written by the talented and unforgotten Jonathan Larson.  Highlights for me were the powerful One Song Glory; the sweet and innocent Light My Candle; the crazy thing that is the Tango: Maureen; the ensemble pieces that are Christmas Bells Are Ringing and La Vie Boheime #1; the evocative Contact; the turning point of the story Goodbye Love; and Roger's newfound song dedicated to Mimi, Your Eyes. Each song, in itself, is special though.   The 2 disc set tells the complete story of Rent. It's a powerful and emotional story that will have you smiling, crying, laughing, and sighing throughout the whole thing. It's the magic of Rent.     