 In this book, Kurlansky attempts to do for salt what he did for cod in his book about the fish the changed the world.  Salt seems a broader topic, though one whose historical impact is less unified.  This gives the book a rather disjointed aspect, as though we need jump through each culture's perspective and history in making, acquiring and using salt.  While various themes do emerge, Kurlansky seems more taken with the project of finding interesting and flavourful anecdotes to fill the pages and hold the reader's interest.  He is mostly successful, from the story of prehistorical miners perfectly preserved in salt to the role that salt played in the development of American history.  There are very few bases that he does not appear to touch, but nevertheless the story is never quite so cohesive as to justify this especially meandering approach.  Despite this, I have been annoying my friends and relatives for weeks with the sorts of salty nuggets that Kurlansky often uncovers.  There are, it seems, a million and one things you can do with brine.  Unfortunately, Kurlansky never really develops a sense of what is magical and special about salt - it's transformative properties.  Why does it preserve so well?  Why does it change dull food into the gourmet?  And why this particular fascination with salt through human history?   Kurlansky often seems like an accountant searching for something valuable along the salt trail.  He often succeeds and these stories can be quite fascinating, but unlike his history of cod, the story never comes together.  The history of salt is really just the history of a chemical and though in many respects it is fascinating in its own right, its own right is really not as expansive or inclusive as Kurlansky would have us believe.     These complaints are not, however, quite so deep as they sound.   The book is consistently interesting and well-written throughout.  Kurlansky has mastered clear and articulate non-fiction writing.  He never stays too long on a subject, and finds interest in each of his digression.  I would recommend his book on cod and his excellent, if uneven, collection of short stories before tackling this one, but it is, in the end, certainly worth getting to.     