 Winchester writes popular history in both the good and bad senses of the term.  He enjoys the apocryphal and often inserts stories, with suitable disclaimers, that he knows to be false, in places he speculates wildly concerning motives of historical figures and the details of actions no one witnessed, while at the same time retaining a real sense of the excitement and interest of the historical period he is examining.  He does strive to get the details right, even when they can't be known, and works hard to produce a detailed picture of the time in which the action takes place.  Some times it is awkward, as in his altogether too brusque treatment concerning the complex composition of the union army in the civil war (which, ultimately, didn't strike me as terribly relevant anyway), but often it is fascinating.  The details of building the OED are compelling and they give a sense of both the importance of the work Dr. Minor was engaged in and the remarkably difficult nature of that work -- especially for one certifiably mad.   Winchester's treatment of madness is compassionate and though he clearly loves these characters he never romanticizes them, nor downplays the serious obstacles they face, both in terms of the madness itself and the difficulties encountered with respect to social class.  Despite Minor's clearly objectionable behaviour, you come away feeling a great sorrow for the man who couldn't make it through the night without being haunted by all manner of tortures.   The writing itself is brisk, though often overwrought.  (Winchester has a tendency to use purple prose when trying to get to our emotions.)  But the book moves steadily along, and most of the diversions if not always necessary are interesting enough on their own.  Despite these complaints, I read the book avidly and had a hard time putting it down.  Thus, reservations about history aside, I would recommend it.   His new book, The Map that Changed the World, roughly does for geology what he does here for lexicography.  It is a reverential treatment, but equally compelling and worth a read.  (I would be inclined to start with this one, however, since his many personal asides in that one are often a tad irritating and kept largely to a minimum here.)     