 This is a charming and strangely compassionate book considering its subject matter.  In a way, it is more like two books.  On the one hand, it is the story of his personal endeavour to climb the ranking in competitive scrabble, and on the other it is a journalist's attempt to understand both the fascination and phenomenon of competitive scrabble itself.  Thus, we get both breathless accounts of his competitions (and those of the experts he befriends) and tours of scrabble factories, historical sketches of the games development, and so on.  Somewhere in between the personal narrative and discharging his responsibilities as a journalist Fatsis writes something of a handbook on how to become a scrabble player.  These sections are long and often detailed.  He is impressed by anagramming (which is to scrabble what skating is to hockey), and gives detailed account of how collections of letters can be turned in many words you have never heard of.  Scrabble is least fun when your opponent plunks down a word you have never heard of because it seems a bit like cheating.  Did you know that 'sh' is a word? 'ug'? 'op'? 'hm' -- these should help in your next game, but personally I found the detail overwhelming at times, and found myself skimming through the technical sections to get to the bits where he competes.   But it isn't all action.  Along the way, he portrays a great number (perhaps too many) of the characters he meets in the tournaments he plays.  These are a pretty odd collection of people, but Fatsis, to his credit, is never condescending and retains a personal warmth that keeps his story human.  That scrabble great Joel Sherman felt comfortable with the book is a sign that Fatsis didn't violate the trust of his subjects, but the book is hardly a soft touch.  These people often have real problems, and Fatsis neither sugar coats his account nor apologizes for their behaviour.  It is, in this sense, a honest and worthy book. Despite this, getting through the technical sections often feels unrewarding and in retrospect I have somehow found myself thinking that equations like J=8 or K=5 are as immutable as any laws of nature.  Skipping through these sections is worth it, because the story and the obession and quite interesting.  In this respect, Fatsis book reminds me somewhat of Susan Orleans excellent The Orchid Thief, a similar tale of a subculture based on mutual passions.     