 In many ways, it is not clear what sort of book Lewis intends to write. At times, it is a memoir, at times simple gossip, and in others a guide to how the street works. It is a testimony to Lewis' skills as a journalist that he largely succeeds in each of this tasks, giving clear explanations of both the rise of the mortage market and Milken's revolutionary ways with junk bonds, while managing to capture the surprising undercurrents of life in a Wall Street investment firm. It is, needless to say, not pretty -- and Lewis cynically (though honestly, I think) captures the petty interests and conflicts of interest that dominate the trading floor. I am not sure where to put my money now, but I am certainly keeping it away from those banks! There are, however, some unexpected heroes in the book. Lew Raineri's hard charging mortage desk, a bastion of old fashioned ideals (which is itself a good and a bad thing), is portrayed in loving and often hilarious detail, despite the lack of first hand experience, while Michael Milken's junk bond antics are singled out for special appreciation. These choices may seem suspect now -- Raineri's success didn't outlive the competition and Milken is now widely regarded as a villain, but Lewis' perspective has the advantage of capturing the time in which these views were developed. As history, it is fascinating if not always correct. The final pages of the book depict, somewhat artificially, Salomon Brothers as it grapples with a take over bid. The action, while dramatic, seems more like a pretense for a big finish than the climax of the story Lewis is telling. The market went on, and so did Salomon brothers. But Lewis left, and his reasoning is unclear. He was certainly successful, and stood to be more so. His stated reasons seem unsatisfying, and the distance between his experiences during the book and his reluctance to share more intimate details of the forces that compelled his decision ultimately renders the conclusion unsatisfying. This is a small complaint, however, and the book is certainly worth reading. Look for When Genius Failed for an update on some of the characters of Liar's Poker. It follows John Meriwether's ultimately unsuccessful attempts to revolutionize options trading and proves a compelling sequel (of sorts) to this book.     