 The D-Link DI-713P router is alot easier to install than you think it is.  Coming as it does with only a quick install guide (which is not compatible with WinNt or 2000) and difficult to follow on-line support, figuring out the details is something that requires a little experience with wireless routers or a well placed friend with networking experience.  If you have that experience then you should have no problem putting the unit together, but without it you could spend many hours adjusting parameters that have no effect on the performance of the machine.   While there is no printed manual, a disk version can help you run through some of the issues you might have with this machine, but even then the support is poorly written and relies too heavily on jargon and terminology that might be unfamiliar to new users of this technology.  Even now, with the system up and running, I remain unsure as to how to configure a number of the customizable features that make this unit so powerful.   And it is powerful.  The printing connection is extremely useful and the wireless signal is strong.  I haven't had any problems beyond installation (and again with adequate documentation I don't think I would have had these problems).   Finally, while the unit does have a kind of polished high tech look.  It's overall veneer is kind of plasticky and cheap.  The two rubber antennas connect loosely and easily fall over.  It was also packed in such a way that the power adapter prongs sat on top of the device so that they left superficial scratches on the paint.  This does not impair the functionality of the router, but cosmetically it is disappointing -- especially when you pull the router out of the box.   I have had better experiences with netgear routers and would recommend them over this item.  I find they are more sturdily constructed and come with far superior documentation and support.  I chose this unit for home use because of the printer connection and its price.  I would probably choose differently if I had to again.     