 It would be unfair to overly criticize this book (it's very interesting), but the fact remains that there is a lot to complain about.  The title, for one, is entirely misleading.  One would suppose that such a book would include an account of the plague and its effects throughout Europe in the fourteenth century.  Instead, Cantor focuses almost entirely on England - and even then less as a document about the plague but rather a history of fourteenth century Britain.  This is fascinating stuff, and thus not without merit, but not exactly what I had expected or hoped for.  There are sections on philosophical movements, the English occupation of the western third of France, and, near the end, a long and rather digressive discussion of Chaucer (who, as Cantor himself points out, never addresses the plague at all).   Cantor's emphasis on England can be confusing - he notes for example that England's hold on parts of France might have been weakened by the loss of manpower in the plague, but doesn't address the question of whether the relative strength of French and English armies would not have changed.  After all, there was a plague in France too.    These sorts of quandaries might have been small potatoes if not for the fact that the book is so short. Indeed, it provides an unintended primer on how to pad a book for market.  The double spacing is unusual in a trade paperback as well as the inclusion of a very broad and wide-ranging bibliography of secondary sources.  More perplexing, however, is Cantor's tendency to repeat himself.  One gets the impression in this effort that Cantor has cobbled together a collection of talks or older papers under a single heading without adjusting then in light of the material in the others.   Indeed, the last section, where Cantor addresses his historical precedents within medievalism sounds a lot like his previous book Inventing the Middle Ages.  Moreover, real and embarrassing errors abound.  Cantor introduces the work of Donald Johansen, the famous anthropologist and discoverer of Lucy, as Grant Johansen while simultaneously proposing that Lucy was black.  An odd thing, given that Lucy was an entirely distinct species from humans (indeed, genus as well).  I am not sure if it is fair to fault a medievalist for bad anthropology, but there should be a fact checker somewhere in this process.    Thus, it is short, off-topic, sloppy and repetitive.  But it would be unfair to call it dull.  Cantor revels in being frank about difficult and sensitive issues, and enjoys (perhaps too much) using modern comparisons to make his points.  This was an interesting time, and despite its many faults, this is an interesting book.     