 I officially renounce all my previous five star ratings.  This DVD brings my expectations to a whole new level.  First off, it has 4 workouts that are completely unique from each other (two that are about 40 mins, and two that are 90).  Thats quite a bit to begin with.  But the DVD does not stop there.  The "customize the routine" matrix has each of the possible elements from routines (for example "standing poses") down the left side of the screen.  Then it has each of the four routines across the top of the screen, with the pose sequence that fulfills the element below (there are 10 to 15 per routine).  Thus, you can choose the sequences that you like from each routine, skipping elements you don't like, mixing and matching, etc.  The only restriction, which is a good one, is that the poses still have to be performed in the correct order.  I love this feature!  You can create a different routine everyday to suit your mood.  There are definitely poses I have never seen before (as you can imagine having to fill up so much time).  You can make the routine as challenging or easy as you want (well, maybe not super easy).   Most of the stuff is beginning-intermediate to intermediate-intermediate, but there is also some beginning and intermediate-advanced stuff.  I just can't get over having a completely customizable routine.  Anyway...  The whole thing is filmed on an island off the coast of India.  The beach she is on has the surreal quality of having the tide come in from both sides.  It's beautiful, when you do get a chance to look at the screen.    Her teaching is serene, and not overdone.  She doe NOT make annoying comments that are supposed to be inspirational.  She DOES say things that are helpful either to physically do the pose or to think about the purpose of the pose.  These comments are NOT excessive or chatty.  Not only are there many poses that I have never seen before (and I have a large collection of yoga DVDs), she also does the poses in a more dynamic way than is traditional.  Don't get turned off by it not being totally traditional:  it is not overdone or too quick, just a bit less stiff and more flowing (and pretty challenging).  Another thing I like, as a side note, are her reminders of when and how to breath.  (Some videos seem to skip these to chat about silly things...)  In summary: BEST YOGA DVD EVER!  Worth at least $45, but costs much less.  If you don't buy it, you are missing out on a one-of-a-kind DVD experience.       