 I just started this diet today, but I would not have started it at all if I hadn't read through the whole book and agreed with everything.  I took a nutrition class a few years ago, and this totally flies with everything I learned there.  (Especially about the importance of eating fruits and veggies, which you can't even eat on Atkins.)  In fact, it is very different from Atkins.  They actually scientifically analysed the foods, instead of lumping them into categories such as fruit=carbs=bad.  You don't get to eat unlimited fat, which is just so bad for your heart.  I am writing really in response to another reviewer that heavily criticised the book.  Gallop says no to Chinese food, but he clearly means American-style chinese food (which is right up there with KFC in terms of healthiness).  This reviewer acts like he meant what they eat in China, and then follows that incorrect premise to say he's all wrong.  (We all know what they eat in China is healthy.  We are not in China.)   Further, what Gallop says about being able to drink non-sugar sodas or whatever instead of water is largely true, and not to be critised like he's saying "fish can fly" or something.  Gallop recognises that some people need substitutes (even if they are not completely perfect)...  This person pointed out the most minor details, and critised Gallop with stuff that doesn't even relate or is just wrong.  If you read that review, don't believe him/her!!! This book is so solid and significantly healthier than most other diets out there.  Finally, although this book was written by a non-doctor, it was based on years of scientific research about blood sugar for diabetics.  I brought it home and my diabetic boyfriend said "Oh, G.I.?  Just come to one of my diabetes information sessions."  G.I.'s effect on blood sugar (which has a pretty obvious connection with hunger/weight) has been long established, but is just now getting into the commercial diet field.  Best of all, you can do it and be vegetarian (you don't have to be vegetarian, though).  I can't do Atkins.  I'll update in a month and tell you how its going...     