 I just bought this DVD yesterday, despite all the negative technical reviews.  I was happy to see that it was indeed the same workout I had on VHS a few years ago that I loved.  I did those tapes for 1.5 months, without changing the way I ate, and lost five pounds and dropped a dress size.  Okay, so I also had to build up to it for a few weeks, but the results were phenomenal.  Unfortunately, I stopped due to going back to school. NOT because the workout was boring.  His energy is contagious! Really, if I had kept going, I would have been a size 4 by now.  I think that if you can run a mile you can do this workout straight through.  Even if you can run farther, as certain long distance runner's reviews say, this workout will still challenge all of your muscles for a great workout.    I say, even if you are not quite up there, you should still get advanced and take marching-breaks or only do half, so that you have something to work towards. Much more of an expandable workout that way.  Okay, so the technical issues.  Back when I did this all the time, I mirrored him and did the reverse of what he is saying. I don't think that women really have to worry about bulking up unevenly from this workout not being even on both sides.  These issues are not too much of a problem, given the results.  I think that Shelley, who others complain about, is an inspiration.  She is like the Matrix meets reality.  I see her and strive to be like that.  I don't think she's annoying at all, but instead she drive me to try just a little harder...  This workout gave me the same weight loss results I got from running 4 to 5+ miles straight per day.  (This was last year around this time.  I'm really good at picking up exercises, getting good, and dropping them.)  Plus, I didn't have the urge to consume entire pizzas, which kinda grossed me out about running that much...  It really does tone while it melts fat.  That sounds so silly, but it's true.  I can't wait to get back to it (have to get home first), and lose a few!!      