 This game has a few small flaws which ruin a lot of fun in the game.  Graphics:  Hah! Sony can never top this! Smooth, fast and highly detailed. You wouldn't believe that the Sonic/Shadow-levels are still playable at such a furious speed. But... the camera is still bad. This doesn't matter in the Sonic/Shadow-levels since you just run forward. In the Tails/Robotnik-levels it gets worse: there's more platform-jumping involved. But in the Knuckles-levels it's a nightmare; you'll have to find 3 small gems in each level and the camera moves around you like a drunk. I even got dizzy from this!  Speaking of the Knuckles-levels, who liked them in SA1 anyway? In SA1 you didn't have to play them because you could choose with which character you wanted to play. This isn't the fact in SA2: you'll have to play the Knuckles-levels if you like it or not, so you'll find yourself searching a stupid little gem for 20 minutes to be able to play those great Sonic-levels again...  ...because the Sonic-levels are top notch! It really catches the essence of good old Sonic 1/2, although it's a little too easy. The difficulty is compensated completely by the unbelievable graphics, though.  The Tails/Robotnik-levels hang a bit in between. Sometimes it's lots of fun to play, blowing up everything that crosses your path, but sometimes there's far too much platform-jumping. This sometimes made me want to throw my beloved DC straight out the window. I don't know what it is about 3D-platformers, I get frustrated much easier with them than their, in my opinion much better, 2D-counterparts.  Lots of people hated the adventurepart in SA1. I think it was a great idea but it wasn't executed the way they intended. It added a lot of depth to the game, although I admit it could be quite frustrating from time to time. That's also a thing that SA2 misses: depth. The rich and sometimes even touching (that robot had to deactivate his own "brother!) storylines of the original are completely missing here. It wasn't a good idea to sacrifice this for speed.  You'll finish the game quite quickly. After that you can do some extra missions for each level, but the fun wears of very fast. The multiplayermode is also very dull.  So how does is all add up? Making the game liniair was a big mistake. You won't be able to skip the game's bad parts, and it has got quite a few of them. So why did I still give it a reasonable mark? The Sonic/Shadow-levels are awesome, that's why. And altough there are only 10, 3-minuteduring ones of them, it still makes the game kinda worth your money. You'll keep playing through the flaws to reach these levels. So I think you should buy it, even though I don't think it has the charming character of the first part, nor the challenging gameplay of the oldies. And ofcourse to give Sega a final round of applause...     