 "A NEW Approach to Understanding the End Time Mysteries in the Book of Revelation"?  That sub-title right there told me this book is false.  Dr. Harry Ironside, one of America's greatest theologians of the past made this statement that certainly applies to Jack Hayford's book:  "Be careful of any teaching that is new; it might not be true."      There were other problems with the book as well.  Jack Hayford downplays how bad the tribulation will be and makes the reader believe it's simply a bad time of persecution, rather than great calamity.  The tribulation is a time to punish the ungodly and a time for God to deal with Israel again.  The church will NOT be here.  Stephen King couldn't put together what's really going to happen during the earth's darkest hour!  Where in the world does Hayford come up with the idea that the white horse in Revelation 6 is Jesus?  Jesus has already been crowned in Revelation 4 by the saints in heaven and doesn't have to work for the crowns as Hayford thinks.  Didn't Hayford bother to look at the Greek words for "crown" in Revelation 6 and Revelation 19?  They're two different words!  "Crown" in chapter 6 is the word "stephanos" while chapter 19 is the word "diadema". Obviously, they're two different words!  He also makes the rapture no big deal.  Believe me, it will be a big deal!      Hayford symbolizes the book of Revelation too much, a great danger to anyone studying Revelation.  In short, the pre-wrath view of the rapture has seized America like a prairie fire.  That's sad because it's a false theory that dates back to about 1977 or somewhere in the '70s.  That's a far cry from the Pre-trib rapture that dates to the time of Christ and the Apostle Paul.  Other writers have written commentaries on Revelation and they're pre-trib.  Amazing how they've been preserved all these years!  What makes this generation anymore special than past generations?  Past generations spent much more time in the Bible. Today's generation is dumb compared to scholars up to 100 years ago.  As my review title says, Hayford should stick with other topics in the Bible, ones he's better at.  His view of Revelation is in serious error and is a far cry from "the blessed hope" in Titus 2:13.     