 These are the exact words to describe Robert Van Kampen.  He wrote this book and has deceived many from the truth on the rapture.  It's one thing to defend your belief on any issue but it's another thing altogether to defend your belief with a rage and manipulate others to get you to believe your position.  That is exactly how Robert Van Kampen's book is written; it is written with a rage that runs throughout the whole book, just like his previous book, "The Sign."      One example of getting you to believe his view is Matthew 24.  He boldly states Matthew 24 cannot be (cannot be?) related to the Jewish people but rather the church.  Like other false teachers, he failed to look at the related passages in Mark 13 and Luke 21.  Those passages say the word "synagogues."  Matthew is the most "Jewish" of the four gospels; Matthew didn't make a mistake but I believe he did not use the word "synagogues" because his gospel was primarily written to the Jews.  Mark and Luke included "synagogues" because those gospels were written primarily to the Gentiles.  Robert Van Kampen failed to look at Mark 13 and Luke 21; instead, he read Matthew 24 and drew a false interpretation from that.  He also didn't read the Old Testament very well either; it all deals with Israel.      In short, Van Kampen is an anti-semitist (one who disregards/hates the Jews and one who says the church has replaced Israel.  The church has NOT replaced Israel!)  Let me refer you to Romans 11:1 & 11.  Romans 9 thru 11 talks about Israel's past, present, and future.  Romans 11:1 - "I say then, has God cast away His people?  CERTAINLY NOT!  For I also am an Israelite, of the seed of Abraham, of the tribe of Benjamin."  Romans 11:11 - "I say then, have they stumbled that they should fall?  CERTAINLY NOT!  But through their fall, to provoke them to jealousy, salvation has come to the GENTILES."  That's clear enough.  If you think the church has replaced Israel, then explain the rebirth of Israel in 1948.  You can't.      In closing, I suggest all those who have followed Van Kampen's false beliefs turn away from them and get back into the reading the Bible, rather than Robert Van Kampen's book.  It does NOT answer the rapture question.  The church is raptured BEFORE the tribulation; the tribulation is a time when God deals with Israel again.     