 Hi, when I was 16 I was really getting into the new wave/punk/ska scene and it all revolved around the British bands for me. I saw a bunch of them in medium size venues in New York City, and it was a great scene. I never saw the Chords, and the name never connected for me till just recently when I yearned to find the music I used to listen to in 1980 but had lost (ex-girlfriends keeping my record collection!) and started to do some internet sleuthing (isn't the internet great!). Well one song I had burned into my memory cells because I would play it loud as hell over and over was "Maybe Tomorrow". I had it (the only Chords song I ever owned till I bought this cd), on a Stiff Compilation record (#3 I think), it had so awesome music on it, Motorhead, The Damned, Madness (early stuff), Lena Lovich, The Cure (my favorite song at the time "Jumping someone else's train!"), and the most obscure for me because it took me 25 years to come across them again....The Chords. So I finally started putting two and two together and realized that this was the awesome group that did the awesome song "Maybe Tomorrow" gotta have it yesterday! Then I'm debating do I get this 2 cd set or just the single cd with the same track on it. Well, if I love the rest of their music I'll end up getting the 2 cd set anyway so I better take the plunge. Now I'm not saying that's a terrible move cause its only $10.00, but when I got the cd I put it on Maybe Tomorrow and YEAH that's the song! But wait.... it's a different version, its more "pop" it's got people hand clapping rhythms on it, boy I'm glad I bought this version with disc two's alternate track that must be the one I have sung over and over for 25 years right? WRONG! The alternate "Maybe Tomorrow" is also "pop" not the hard edged almost punk version that they did for Stiff Records! It must have been really early in their short span before Polydor or whoever polished them up. Oh well, I found out where to get the original compilation record (isn't the internet a great thing?) but since I don't have a record player I'll probably pass and settle for pop. British way of life is a great sounding song as are a lot of others here, just not the way I would have envisioned the songs from hearing only that Stiff version of "Maybe Tomorrow". Another criticism, I put all my cd's on my laptop and use it as my media playback and disc 2 tracks are all labeled wrong (they are the same song labels as disc 1's songs) that's something that also happened when I bought the Jam box set and they are both Polydor labels so some crappy proofreading of the finished product (or maybe that's a screw-up and they are worth more or less who knows). Happy I made the purchase but not nearly as edgy as I would have liked, still I'm gonna tell my 16 and 12 year old that this is a new band that's not getting American radio airtime and see if they buy it, some tracks still hold up well to todays stuff.           