 Update March 2006, I'm using my Slingbox to good effect. I had to upgrade my ISP bandwidth but it was cheaper than getting a satellite (and a TV set) and I'm cheap so I went for the Slingbox. I have a cable box DVR and broadband at my American home. You will need about 350k/sec bandwidth for really smooth video, I had when I wrote the below review bandwidth that varied wildly between 20k/sec (wont work) to 150 k/sec (workable, but choppy). So your saying "so what thats easy bandwidth to get in the states"; true, I'm just commenting on the sales pitch that you can watch TV ANYWHERE. Well if your in the 3rd world you may not be able to (one ad I saw talks about using this in China, I have not been there since the internet got big but I'm not too sure about that. I did try to watch some Chinese internet TV streams recently and they did not seem to be to strong. So I doubt their infrastructure is up to western standards, and I guess it all depends on whose circuits are between you and your home). Where I am at now I've got it running on a stable 200k/sec and its a little jerky video but sound is good and its watch-able compared to the alternative (Nothing!). Thanks Slingbox for bringing America to me wherever I am. Highly recommended especially for the price! It's always cool to have the first gadget on the block too; I know my  co-workers are jealous!    Below is my original review from December 2005:  I'm in the Middle East and the Slingbox people were really cool enough to let me "test" from their Slingbox, to see the quality. It was kind of rough but I'm going for it anyway because I miss watching sports other than soccer (yeach). The quality was totally dependent on my side and I happen to have a low end DSL transfer rate around 100kbps. I just wanted to put that out for world travelers especially outside Europe and Japan, you may not get the 5 star picture you would like. For 200.00 or so I'll buy it anyway, not that much to lose and a whole lot of entertainment to gain!     