 Update: I guess why there is no "Gangsters" song is because that was done by Specials AKA (The Specials when they first came out) not The Specials and I guess different people own the song rights. Bottom line, just get the original CD with all the songs.    OK you can probably disregard this review because I do not own this cd version. But I was like, whao, there are 14 tracks listed here what happened to "Gangsters"? Someone must own the rights to that and I'm not going to research it but to not have THAT song on THIS reissue is a joke! I see there is an ECD track of it but thats not gonna play in a regular cd player. I've heard Gangsters in a movie I think and on a credit card commercial with the bad credit card monkey's dancing around stealing your money,LOL. I always point out to my kids when I hear the Specials in stuff like that; they probably think "whatever". The Specials were my FAVORITE music through most of 1980-90's thats how much I listened over and over to them, over 15 years! I played them out finally, (the first two albums, and the Specials Singles which has a few more tracks not on those), but from time to time Amazon keeps recommending them for me so was researching if I missed anything. Looks like newer listeners will be the ones who will be missing, "Gangsters" that is. I could have seen the Specials in 1980 when I lived in New York a guy who went to ALL the concerts invited me but I had never heard of them or ska (DOH!), than I caught them on Saturday Night Live and I fell in love. I managed to catch the Selector and Madness, as well as English Beat a couple of times (once at the US fest in California), but sadly never saw my most favorite ska group:-(. They had an article in Time or Newsweek about the emergance of ska with the Specials in a pic; I cut that picture out and had it in my school notebook. I also put a pic of me at the age of 4, drew in ska sunglasses and put that as my high school yearbook graduation photo (my school was cool about that, Woodlands HS Hartsdale NY). I was so cool then that we had a "New Wave Day" at school and since I was into that scene, I made the cover of the yearbook in my two tone outfit! I saw the Skatalights in New Orleans Hard Rock Cafe in 2003, man were they old and the beat was really slow. I love the covers done of their stuff by bands like "The Specials" and those I've heard on the Skandalous vol 1 and 2. Rambling a little here but as far as this cd just get the older cd version with Gangsters on it. Ahhh the early 80's.... what a great time for rock music.     