 AG and it's brother PG are 2 games that from reading the reviews you either love (mostly it seems) or hate(if your graphics minded, probably). As an original "Pong" owner, and liking the game play of a lot of 8 and 16 bit games over the newer games, I'm not hung up on graphics which are simple here. The secret to this game is the control you have in what seems to me to be as historically acurate WWII video game as I've ever played. Yes I also dabbled in Avalon Hill games which were way to much trouble to play, this game does all the boreing work for you and leaves you the spoils, watching Rommel or Montgomery, or Patton win the War! Yes I've actually played both these games for at least 5 years (God thats a lot of hours wasted!) but hey at least I was entertained! I have won the game as Rommel in Panzer General several times (Washington was a super challenge), and to me that was a lotta fun, I never finished Allied General after the Battle of the Bulge ( or if I did it was once) cause hey to me thats not changing anything. As another reviewer wrote the Eastern Front in AG is flawed, I stopped bangin my head against the wall after the 20th time, was glad to hear the way to win that battle but it'll take a whole lotta skill and luck, even I draw a line at that abuse, the Eastern Front in PG as the Germans was awesome! The key's to winning this game are to delete units with no expierence before you win a battle or the computer will carry  them over and delete your battle hardened veterans.  Load up on cheap units like the Germans anti tank gun PZKW1 for 24 units and attack in waves of suicide attacks to wear down the enemies ammo and entrenchment (make sure the supply option is on or you won't be able to do this). Upgrade your Infantry to Pioneers and Rangers and you'll treasure them as they become 5 star battle veterans. Artillery is allways going to get hammered by the CPU so don't sweat losing units it's going to happen. You can also upgrade your Allies planes to another nationality (ie Italian fighter with 3 stars into a FW 190, or British Hurricane into a Mustang) by flying to the German or American airfield and hitting upgrade. You might think Tanks will do it all until you hit a city, you need Infantry! Also you can do a lot with Strategic bombers where you bomb a city a couple times and attack once and the defenders will flee or surrender, this game has different units with different strengths for a reason. Get  both AG and PG and I'm sure you'll get your $10-$20 dollars worth! I played PG III and its way superior in graphics but seemed too much like a tactical recreation than strategic.     