 This very reasonably-priced box set (six hours of entertainment for the usual price of one movie) is a bargain at any price. A&E did its usual first class job of putting together this package. I won't dwell too much on the content of each episode since the other reviewers cover them in depth, except to say the Patrick Macnee did an excellent job of selecting two episodes each featuring each of his three female leads; Honor Blackman, Diana Rigg, and Linda Thorson. And, for a man his age, Patrick is still holding up quite well in the newly-videotaped segments. The extras in the package are a strong point, too. Patrick's overall introduction is worth the time to watch before watching any of the episodes. Also, he gives a short introduction to each episode. Some of his remarks seem candid such as his displeasure about the introduction of the "Mother" character in the last season in which he states that this took away some of the mystery and charm of the Avengers team by bringing out into the open the governmental spy organization in which they worked. Before, the Avengers seemed to be more like free agents loosely working within a hidden framework. "We would just show up," he said, "at the scene of a crime" and no one would question from where.  Another extra, Linda Thorson's 15 minute promo film the box set called "Town Girl" (even though no title is shown on the film) does it's best to show Linda as a happy-go-lucky star on the rise. It appears to have been filmed after the Avengers series ended around 1969 or the early Seventies. The color is crisp and sharp and shows her running around the English countryside in tight blue jeans with dirt on the seat of her pants. Then there's a scene of her jumping into a swimming pool and trying to keep her head above water. It's all good clean fun. All in all, this is a great package from Honor Blackman's film noir episode "Don't Look Behind You" to Diana Rigg's quirky department store-turned-atomic bomb episode "Death At Bargain Prices" to Linda Thornson's wonderful "All Done With Mirrors." This set is a great place to start for anyone who is interested in the evolution of the Avengers or a person who has never heard of the Avengers or for even the die-hard Avengers fan.     