 Having finally viewed the entire series plus the last two episodes twice, I'm left with lots of questions, such as why would Fox start up all these great series on TV and then kill them. They killed Firefly which is now on the SciFi Channel, and now I hear about this gem of a program getting thrown in the trash heap. What is wrong with them? I suppose it didn't help that the plot of Wonderfalls was so similar to Joan of Arcadia, CBS's contribution to the Joan of Arc rewrite, a show that was also cancelled. So my next question has to do with that: what is the difference between Joan of Arcadia and Wonderfalls? The real difference is setting. JofA is set in a place that could be any town in the United States. Wonderfalls, on the other hand, is set in a specific area of the country: Niagara Falls; and the series fully exploits the history and geography of that particular part of New York state: its closeness to the Canadian border, nearby Indian reservations, all the people that have attempted to go over the Falls in barrels of various designs. This quirky environment adds to the appeal of Wonderfalls many times over the bland environment of JofA. Another question I found myself asking is "What does Jaye hear, and why is she able to hear it?" I have heard many stories from so-called third world countries about people being able to communicate with people in remote areas by some form of telepathy. Take for instance the aborigines of Australia who can communicate with each other through something they call "The Dreamtime." I heard one report of an instance where a wandering tribe was able, through "dreamtime" to determine that there was a man 20 miles away with a broken leg who needed their help, and that he was at a certain location. So the tribe went to that location and sure enough there was the man with the broken leg. So who needs cell phones with that kind of ability? And why can't we do this ourselves? Perhaps what has happened to the environment of the humpback whales provides the answer. 300 years ago, the humpbacks were able to sing to each other over great distances, many thousands of miles. But in our modern oceans, the whales are unable to do this anymore because of the increase in the noise level from cruise ships, aircraft carriers, submarines, fishing trawlers, etc., etc. Similarly, our modern environment is filled with lots of noise from the TV, radio, automobiles, billboards, shopping malls, PA systems, even the internet, all demanding our attention and not allowing us to hear the whispers of God and the Universe. Were it not for that, there might be a lot more Jaye's out there. So, one final question, and then my babbling will cease: Why can't some other network pick up this show and give us a Season Two? How about it folks? Is there a network executive out there in the great babble of noise who is listening to us?     