 There is  no need to film a  bio on Miss Ross, anyone who is curious about the Diana Ross persona , her  looks and that sparkling, enthusiastic performance energy should be able to feast on all of the above (and quite abit more)in this very simple film that is period perfect, Mahogany. It's all there: the high-fashion skeletal frame, the elegantly graceful body language,the stunningly voluptuous  lips, lush oversized eyes, perfectly chiseled button nose and sculpted cheekbones, the heartbreakingly fragile and ultra feminine voice, the sass, the singleminded ambition, the will of steel, the ferocious drive,the anger-management issues, the diva- tantrums, the wrong men, and not the least of all, her (then) still evolving idea of  "glamorous clothes"(quite a few of which should have been edited  OUT from the runway scene). The wardrobe and the fantasy sequence looks  should really have been done by mr. Mackie at the very least (after all, his work looked best on cher and on ross) or better still , yves saint laurent, THAT would have been the ultimate  seventies fashion show (or movie) to watch, the queen of  motown modeling the glamour of the king of paris! The scene that really sums up that legendary Ross spirit and point of view is when she goes on her first  casting/ go-see  as a model .She faces a panel of  jaded Italian advertising slime-balls who ridicule her on her lack of sex appeal (no T ,no A...or even legs!)...well, she fires back at them like a verbal machine gun, mowing 'em down while asserting her-SELF, physical and otherwise.  They are left totally dumbfounded and to  top it off, much to Ross' amazement, there happens to be one lone female (the owner of the agency no less)seated ,very quietly and indifferently -never looking up once- among the men. Well, she  is totally blown away by the ROSS SPIRIT....and offers her the gig (a perfume ad) without any hesitation. It's no wonder, this happens to be the precise moment when la Ross is looking her chicest and  most  uncharacteristically restrained in head to toe ivory ( very 1930's vogue sketch). This great sweet, unexpected revenge scene dissolves right  into one of the most mesmerizing cinematic montages of la Ross being photographed in a zillion different  moods (innocent, artsy, vampy, sexy, coy, seductive, playful, fun, wild, strange, dramatic, glamorous, chic...)by the always peculiarly entertaining  Anthony Perkins(perfectly cast once again as mr. Oddball ).  Quite possibily a first cinematic moment devoted to celebrating African American Breathtaking Gorgeousness....or anything TWIGGY or LAUREN  HUTTON can do, ROSS can do too...maybe even  BETTER! You really want that scene to go on forever.....over 30 years ahead of the music video  explosion matching music to a star's  visuals.      