 The first Review is most appealing and touching! Since I never got to hear Carlyle Marney in person, I must be content to hear many of his sermons on tape. I name several of his best students and co-workers like James Berry who was his Minister of Music in both Churches! His influence was felt most strongly in his Sister Evelyn, my saintly Aunt Della Sweet, an admiring member of his first East Tenn College Church, who was his best Sunday dinner cook! My great Pastor and Mentor Carl J Giers knew him in Seminary and loved to quote him! John Claypool speaks of his long influence upon his life and writing mostly because of his compassionate touch after losing his daughter to Leukemia. I could easily add 6-7 more good names.  This superb Cecil Sherman Edition, followed Marney's "Structures of Prejudice" in 1961 and "The Recovery of the Person in 1963. There is no earthly way that I could sum-up his writings and sermons in one essay or review. But to say that his devoutly  spiritual influence will be forever etched upon the lives of myself, my wife's harpist friend, Kaylynn Davis, a youthful admirer in Austin, Texas and persons like Jim Berry, John Claypool, Tom Conley, etc.  When one reads Marney or listens to his taped sermons you dare not let your mind lay-back in an easy chair! Not only was he the best-read Pastor of his times, but you will see and hear listing of names, Martin Luther, John Calvin, Karl Barth, Martin Buber, W O Carver, Kierkegaard, N T Wright. In this wonderful sample of the razor-sharp mind and spirit of Marney we are arrested by instant relating of creative minds and their connecting of sociology, theology and psychology. When Prof Brueggemann and his wife, Mary first heard Marney on their marriage trip to Montreat, he fondly remembers many of these thoughts I have only repeated.  For me as perennial student, I'm convinced that the melting pot of my growing Faith has been refined and refurbished by Carlyle Marney as continuously as by Prof Bruegge. For my money, time, efforts and thought, "that's a pretty big Order!" (Marney)    I cannot miss re-reading this book again and again! From an old but an admiring student... retired Chaplain Fred W Hood     