 Having waded thru Bill Moyers' TV series on Genesis - A Living  Conversation and Joseph Campbell Interviews on Myth, I relate to him keenly as following his fame as Presidential Press Agent! In his lengthy series on Genesis, exposing us to Prof Armstrong, Prof Brueggemann, scholars, rabbis, and pastors, all who spoke from their knowledge of Biblical Life. On reading, then placing the jewel back on the shelf...picking it up for a deeper reading each time, I decided it was worthy of far more attention. His dedication to his Wife and Co-writer Judith, renewed my love for W.B. Yeats Poem of her "moments of glad grace..." Bringing me back to true depths of reading poetry aloud! Reminding me of hearing the Prison Inmates request within their therapy groups: "Chaplain, what do those profound words of poetry mean?" Bill Moyers addresses this question in satisfying ways! That may well have grown out of his training as a pastor.  For my read his interview with 90-yr old, Stanley Kunitz began with, "What do you love most?" A super reply, "Most of all, I love being alive!" For a poet who kept publishing his poetry at 90, he gave Bill his inner and out response by reading aloud two of his favorites: "The Round" about his seaside garden on the Cape which he created out of a barren sandhill "my little Eden." Then he provided reminders of his early, most famous poem that one reviewer, an English professor called the greatest poem she ever knew, read or studied: "The Touch" which he read aloud. He was floored by audience reponse from the Dodge Poetry Festival, with cheers, whistles, applause, shouts of "Bravo! Bravo!"    From ten other poets, only Jane Hirchfield was familiar. As Moyers asked for her comments on Zen meditation, she reminded me of a little gem by Anthony deMello, titled simply - "AWARENESS." She gave her words of meditation practice also simply developing an awareness to this moment; "As if you were to sit very quietly in the woods to be translucently awake." (like mind-fulness)  All in all, it speaks to me like another Bill Moyers Jewel!  Retired Chaplain Fred W. Hood     