 I doubt I can replace her disparagers! I might even be in their company, had I stayed into dear Mother's Scofield KJV! In early 1950's "Searching the Scriptures" by H.E. Dana gave to Seminary students new freedom to add literary ++historical criticism to our tools of interpreting Scripture. Now that's accepted by both English and German theologians 'specially in schools as Columbia Theological Seminary in Atlanta. Here I quickly sought out the renown scholars and writers as Sir Walter Brueggemann, Charles Cousar, Kathleen O'Connor and Oxford's Brian Wren!     I point to four examples from PLAN B: "In last Sunday's Sermon, I took my opening story from Joshua 2 about the Spies sent to Jerico by Joshua; who decided to keep covered from Jewish publiciity in staying with that best known prostitute, Rahab the harlot!" Most of us have employed her same story for prison inmates who easily fall into that plot! I admit to not being so offended by her use of expletives as the F___ word! Also she describes their pet-half/Lab and half/golden retriever as being like "Jesus in a black furcoat or Audrey Hepburn in Blacklama, elegant and lovely and silly!" (What a Tremendous Gift for Unique descriptions!)    Other Interudes I choose are her quotation from Wendell Berry on page 39: "It gets darker and darker every day and then Jesus is born!" Also the night she could not sleep for wondering if she really was a good Mom, "If I actually threatened to have Sam's  pets put to sleep!" I did not cotton to her stories the time she insisted on being in-control of Sam's required attendance at Church! She openly inserted comments about teaching San Quentin inmates her art of storytelling! Here is when she uses her great quotation of Dr James Forbes, "Nobody gets into heaven without a letter of reference from the poor. Obviously 'the poor' includes prisoners." Later she begins a Graduaton speech with her neat disclaimer: "It must be a magical day for You all. I would never know...I accidentially forgot to graduate from college!"    Upon hearing Anne read from Plan B ++ Fielding comments, I'm in total agreemeent with Michele's words: "Refreshing & Honest as a Christian!" Totally a real authentic Person...as Beth calls her the type person, Christ would have enmbraced! To join those who believe in her honesty, humaness, searching for truth along with her Monologist, Pastor David Roche +++ Sue Schuler, slowly dying with cancer: her two awesome quotations are, "Rest and laughter  are the most spiritual and subversive acts of all. "Hope always catches us by surprise." For our minority I claim her as One who is positively Gifted! Retired Chaplain Fred W Hood         