 After reading his Magazine a few years it's easy to appreciate Jim Wallis as a dominant progressive, farthinking, theologically hopeful Christian! To top-off his personal traits, a keen sense of humor adds both authenticity and influence... Those who hear him in person agree he is sincere as he appears on the screen     Although much space is given for going to war with Iraq, I was attracted to his appeals to non-violence and teachings of Jesus. As teacher of seminarians he has emphasized divinely inspired writings of Martin Luther King, Jr. with distinguished teacher and mentor of MLK, Howard Thurman! My favorite chapters: No. 1, Take Back the Faith; No. 3, Is There A Politics of God?  No. 7, Be Not Afraid; No. 12, Micah's Vision for National and Global Security!    Chap 1, "Karl Rove made no secret of his intent to reach out aggressively to conservative religious voters." Chap 3, "GOD IS PERSONAL, but never private. Private religion avoids the public consequences of faith. The conflict over a private versus public God came early for me. I was born into an evangelical Christian family, raised in the American Midwest, and reared on Republican patriotism. We supported Eisenhower not Stevenson for President. Restricting God to private space was the great heresy of 20th Century American evangelicalism!"   Chap 7, "If we are to tell the truth about America, let us also tell the truth about the terrorists. We are accustomed to think in a political and economic framework. This time, we need to shift and understand motivations that are more ideological and theological!"  In Chap 9 he first quotes Dr Eugene H Peterson, open-minded, yet Mid-Conservative, Pastor & Theologian. In of his longer chapter, he strongly attacks both General Boykin and President Bush on their issues of bad theology. To the General: "Your theology bears no resemblance to Bibical teaching. You utterly confuse the body of Christ with the American nation!"   With Awesome, Personal accolades: Retired Chaplain Fred W Hood       