 Compared to Prof Brueggemann's other Old Testament books, my big surprise is a title of The Old Testament rather than The Hebrew Bible! Added surprise is a sub-title of The Canon and Christian Interpretation. In OT Survey classes he contrasted his approach between Jewish interpretation with Christian inter. So I noted his quotes in using the 4 I's of Interpretation, Ideology, Inspiration, and Imagination! They occur in the Intro and near the end of his chap on Torah. On Page 11 "Now it will occur to an attentive reader that these facts of the traditioning process-Imagination, Ideology, and Inspiration (my caps)-do not easily cohere with each other! Specifically the force of human ideology and the power of divine imagination seem to be definitionally at odds. Precisely! That causes the Old Testament, to be endlessly complex & problematic, endlessly interesting and compelling."  This carried me back to 2002 sessions at Montreat and Columbia upon first hearing his process of interpretation: "The interface beween the canonical and imaginative is exactly the way in which the most responsible and faithful interpretation takes place." I can see & hear his trip from well-neglected notes on the podium up to the chalk-board, as he hastily wrote the Hebrew for his key scripture. In the dramatic Isa 6, after writing the "living creatures," he sailed down the steps, waving wildly his arms all around the wall of the classroom singing "Holy, Holy, Holy!"  He seemed propelled alongside us into the living words of the Prophet. He earned his standing ovation! That was not the only Incident to stress his "Imaginative Remembering."  My review of his process of interpretation in the Preface called to mind his statement: "You will not find anything new in my Introduction, since you heard it in all four classes!" I have yet to grasp his meticulous, continual thot about the generative work of the text in his process of providing an "alternative world" that invites faithful imagination! As usual he draws upon the giants of Amos Wilder and Raymond Brown. I am amazed at his memory in every class to give the right quotation, author, book, and even page number!    In the Preface he outlines his plan to use the Hebrew Canon as the normative list of books organized into three elements: The Torah, traditionally, "The Five Books of Moses." The Prophets as Canon consists of, The Former Prophets, Joshua, Judges, Samuel, and Kings; the Latter Prophets of Isaiah, Jeremiah, Ezekiel; plus scrolls of Ruth, Esther, Ecclesiastes, Lamentations and the Song of Solomon. Lastly, he considers the revisionist historical corpus of I & II Chronicles, Ezra & Nehemiah, and apocalyptic scroll of Daniel. In spite of many texts & scrolls his coverage is unusually clear and simple!  Near endng his work on Torah he cites the characteristic task of Jewish teaching, nuture, and socialization to invite the youmg into the world of miracle...The preaching, teaching, and study of Torah is in order to set 'one's heart' differently, to trust and fear differently, to align oneself with an alternative account of the world. All this Israel fashioned and practised -imaginatively resolved, ideologically driven, inspired beyond interest -under the large, long, fierce voice of Moses." Bruegge stresses continually "the truthfullness of YHWH" and insists that Bible Study is a life-changing, life-risking venture. One aspect of that venture is re-read Scripture for re-forming and re-reading go inescapably together." In his conclusion before 20 pages of Autobiography, he finally shouts "innocently, critically, obediently, and hopefully! WOW!   Retired, Chap Fred W Hood     