 Eric Haney is a real-life, genuinely caring human being! After having association with the Rangers and Delta Force personell, I discovered that Eric still makes a personal investment in every human being with whom he comes in contact. No person who comes to speak with him, appears to have any doubt about his realness or genuine spiritual depth. He makes no pretense of having been exposed to every danger imaginable! He gives no 'airs' about his experiences or importance. When you look him in the eyes, you behold the unvarnished Eric Haney. The imprint upon the baseball caps of a few years ago..."No Fear!" is precisely accurate!  After knowing Eric and Dianna thru the experiences of having a hand in their marriage six years ago, I am convinced of their love for each other, their love of others in their family and their close friends. Yesterday, in their Book-Signing Party at Rocky's Brick Oven, downtown Atlanta, it was totally obvious that they were well-loved and calmly reciprocated that loving to everyone present!   At first reading a few days ago, I thought it may be far beyond my 'taste for light reading.' Surprisingly soon, I arrived into page 25, becoming involved in his Selection Process to becoming a charter member of Delta Force. Lo & behold I'm totally hooked!   When I came into the section later about their training into the possibility of recovering a hijacked aircraft and Eric's graphic description of 'Tradecraft'...then I became deeply hooked! His detailed character picturing of Branislav Urbanski and Larry Freedman puts both Stephen King and Tom Clancy in the shade.   Alongside the President's latest speech about up-grading the fight against terrorism, this exciting book will provide a clear perspective as to what each one of us may expect when we get aboard any commercial jet-aircraft! I commend you, my Friend for your bravery, courage, persistence in following your dreams towards an interesting and satisfying conclusion! Sincerely, the richer, retired Chaplain, Fred W Hood     