 "An ingeniously woven literary tapestry. In Elie's moving study, imperfection becomes the starting point of spiritual journeys and the stuff of which wisdom literature is made." Lance Morrow of Time writes as the best of 20 accolades.  The senior editor of Farrar, Straus, and Giroux describes, then contrasts the literary aspects of four great persons in American Literature: Dorothy Day, Thomas Merton, Flannery O'Connor, and Walker Percy. They are pictured in personal photos, first near  the title page and in the center of this lengthy book. Elie begins with their common traits of dress and description from Flannery O'Connor, on crutches in a black dress, to Fr Merton looking uncomfortable in his Trappist habit...yet with vitality shining thru his eyes. Walker Percy's face frames a smile as if just another duffer at the South Country Club. Shown in her old cast-off overcoat and neck kerchief, Dorothy Day maybe a Nun or Social worker, not the radical foundress of The Catholic Worker.  Chapter Two, "The Downward Path," dramatically portrays downward paths of Thomas Merton as a youth in London, facing the loss of his father, Owen Merton. Merton's rebellion in feeling wounded, bereft, and helpless is parallel to discretions of Dorothy Day. The graphic pictures of his sordid affairs of behavior alongside his fierce sense of sinfullness, are cut-out by the Trappist superiors from his autobiography, The Seven Story Mountain.   One of Paul Elie's best habits is to enhance, as embroidery for his quotations: "Day meanders toward God; Merton throws himself headlong at God. For her, sin is dull and dreary. For the young Merton, sin is everywhere; grace comes gradually to wipe clean his soul, as life goes on... Faith slowly becomes his pathway thru the territory."  Seeing their common downward pathways, I noted Elie's ability to picture their inner reconciliation with their Creator-God. Being more familiar with Merton than Dorothy Day, I discovered their personal relationships better than those of O'Connor and Percy. Yet I learned about the poignant lives of two awesomely creative writers living their faith in common struggles of endurance.    "The creative action of the Christian's life is to prepare for his death in Christ." That fits-in with O'Connor's close friend, Mary Ann Long, who died amply prepared! The Dominican nuns had shown Mary Ann the value of her life and meaning in her death. Gratefully and graciously to being a bit-part of this American Literary Heritage. Retired Chaplain Fred W Hood      