 This first book of Mark Barger Elliott grabbed my full attention when I saw his variety of unique resources for creating sermons. As an experienced Pastoral Care Chaplain, preaching does not lie within my primary responsibilities. Yet I am always on the look-out to discover new approaches and resources for writing sermons and illustrations on the Web-site of a Journal of Homiletics. When I first opened my Christmas book from Westminster John Knox Press, my eyes fell upon the middle chapter. It is given the provocative title of "The Four Pages of the Sermon." Only quite recently have we arrived at that simple but profound idea! There I first saw the names of famous, great, well-anchored teachers of Preachers: men such as, John Broadus, Fred Craddock, Halford Luccock, Thomas Long, David Buttrick and "more recently Paul Scott Wilson. Being unfamiliar with the last name, I began reading the middle chapter under his theme of homiletic process which connects the length of sermon with four days for writing.  The first day's writing for Monday peaked my interest. Wilson and Elliott promoted the checklist of five themes for writing which related to my own underlying motives to create sermons. After reading the two sample sermons by the author, "When God Is Absent" and Wilson's "Calling Off Christmas," they whetted my appetite for starting at the first chapter. When I entered the first chapter on Narrative Preaching, I was already deeply immersed in the sermons of Fred Craddock. Then I had the opportunity to read another of his fascinating examples of story-telling, "When The Roll Is Called Down Here!"  When I saw Dr. Craddock quoted as saying... "Everyone lives inductively..." I was transported back to his numberless preaching conferences. Then Mark Elliott follows Craddock with his successor at EMORY UNIVERSITY, Thomas Long. He quickly appeals to one of his mentors, Edmund Steimle, who "was in the middle of, and to some degree the cause of, a major shift in American preaching." He proceeds to give us the five steps for any preacher to weave his Narrative sermons. The author notes - "Steimle and Craddock agreed that a sermon should be Low-keyed." From my lengthy listening, reading and writing of sermons, I was impressed by the scholarly listing of Elliott's resources. He reached back to my early days of introduction to John Broadus' 1944 textbook, "On the Preparation and Delivery of Sermons." From there he ventured into the influence of Henry Sloan Coffin, Richard Niebuhr, Harry Emmerson Fosdick and landed with Tony Campolo, Samuel Proctor and William Willimon.  The examples of Campolo's evangelistic sermon and Proctor's Afro-American sermon became highlights due to my lacking knowledge of their heritage.  I found it terribly interesting to peruse the six sermons of out-standing women preachers. From the first Afro-American sermon of Valerie Brown-Troutt, to Leonora Tubbs Tisdale, to Barbara Brown Taylor's final sermon, I was deeply moved! Dr. Brown's shortest sermon, "God's Daring Plan," and Dr. Tisdale's lengthy "The Gospel We Don't Want To Hear OR To Preach" were imaginative and greatly inspired. The reason for such emphasis on Old Teastament texts must be due to the influence of Walter Brueggemann. Those two sermons came across as profoundly thought-provoking. They were all quite consuming to this crusty old connoisseur of great preaching.   I whole-heartedly recommend this little jewel of a handbook on Creative Styles of Preaching. You may be surprised!     