 When perusing through several books on Kabbalah, I am greatly regretful that I had no influence from a Rabbi. My earliest encounter with Reformed Judiasm was far from the mystical perspective of Kabalah! When our Baptist Suburban Church toured into Atlanta to worship with Rabbi Sugarman's Temple, we had a double privilege of hearing one of the erudite Rabbis and one of the best cantors of Atlanta. Haskell Boyer was long noted as the former student of my own Vocal Coach!  Our young people were deeply impressed with the inspiring ritual of Rabbical Language, the reading of TORAH in Hebrew,especially by the Hebrew vocalizing of the Yiddish Lyrics. It was surely a  contrast between that worship and the Kabbalah. And yet Rachel Naomi Remen writes in her Introduction,that her Grandfather taught her "that the Holy may speak to you from its many hidden places at any time. The world may whisper in your ear, or the spark of God may whisper in your heart. My grandfather showed me how to listen."  Imagine if you will what a Miracle may have been granted to us by having a Rabbi of Kabbalah for a grandfather. If we could have spent our growing years being inspired by the mystery of reading the TORAH and chanting those awesome Psalms in their original sounds from the Hebrew scripts. One of several that Dr Remen quotes: "Blessed are Thou, O Lord Our God, King of the Universe..." Following that text she names her "grandfather, a man of many blesings." Of course those blessings were prescribed generations ago by the great teaching rabbis."  One of her most interesting Chapters is "Keeping It Together." As part of a project she asked 73 physicians to rank the same list of 21 life-values twice... First, according to what was most important to them in their work, and then according to what was most important to them personally. Her list included values such as admiration, control, wisdom, love, power, compassion, happiness, fame, success and kindness. None of the doctors made two lists of the same ranking. In one case, kindness was number 2 on their personal list, yet 11 or last on their working list. Overall the doctors were dismayed, they did not find it possible to live by the same values personally, but strongly valued as their work-values. Finally her conclusion was stated by one man, "as life diminishes you!" He added that it comes only with your permission. I have done this line of questions with prison inmates. They pointedly responded much the same!   There are several principles that jump out in Dr Remen's lovely  account of written blessings. Upon moving from her university atmosphere, she summarizes..."Symbolism is the language of the unconscious mind; It is the deep wisdom that is part of how we are made." It was on this page that I noted her use of numerous adverbs: instantly, occasionally, personally, thinking, sharing, knowing...all participles and adverbs of action. My sense is that she likely practises effective Pastoral Counseling which is deeply healing for her patients!   Retired Chaplain Fred W Hood     