 Beginning the Intro with A newly found faith: "God is Love," says St John...We journey through these remarkable chapters with titles: "Likings and Loves for the Sub-Human; longer-AFFECTION;  longest-FRIENDSHIP; EROS, shortest, yet succinctly put, CHARITY!   Early quotes/Bunyan, Coleridge, Chesterton, Kipling, St Francis, Milton, Wordsworth, then getting to William Morris who wrote the poem called "Love is Enough." One pointed-out in their briefly worded review, "It isn't!" Being the Master of Metaphor, Lewis contrasts CHARITY with gardens needing the care of tending and weeding. Either from notes or his awesome memory, he quotes judiciously many poets and writers until chapters of EROS & CHARITY. There he adds the spice of both Testaments: From giants Jacob and Esau and Isaiah to St. Luke, St. John, I Corinthians and Paul's words on Gift-love and Need-love.   Similiar to the "Weight of Glory," Lewis views his contrasting ideas, "addressed to our condition" as rivalry between the self and the human Other. Later the rivalry becomes "human Other to God." In 'oft reading these profoundly rooted ideas of Lewis, I am carried back to Seminary classrooms of John Claypool & Walter Brueggemann, remembering agreements of support in realistically based human and Divine relationships!   I noted in his first chapter "Likings and Loves...For 6 pages he employs 36 actively, moving adverbs so that his thoughts may be dramatically developed in-order to grasp and hold the reader's attention! As another review observed: This is one writer who can change profoundly my perceptions of Life thru the power of  his words!    Within his total creative writing, this compacted 'dunamis' of 5 brief chapters, yet discovered in today's new-birth of C. S. Lewis, may hopefully double these 40+ reviews in quick time. From an older, yet expectant and Retired Chaplain Fred W Hood                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     