 On seeing other interesting reviews, I briefly need to quote Ken Gire in his exceedingly well-written glimpses! 1) An Insightful Moment of the Fields: "He lies there so meekly...Coming to us in the weakest of ways. He placed himself at the mercy of creation, at the mercy of a census, at the mercy of us mortals, even at the mercy of animals." After being immersed in sacrifice, I find An Intense Moment in the Desert: "The desert is where we face the strongest and  most seductive temptations in life...where the enemy is most formidable, and where we are most vulnerable."   Ken uses descriptive adjectives so artistically. He seems truely sincere, never boring. With the Insightful Moment at Nazareth, he creatively expounds upon Jesus reading the Prophet Isaiah in the Synagogue.   "Nazareth was Jesus' hometown. (Just in case my first readers may not know the fact) Nazareth's obscurity is surpassed only by its austerity." With few words he sparks my imagination!   Two more dramatic moments compelled my total attention: Gire's Intimate Moments With Peter and Insightful Moments of Character, focused upon the Beatitudes! Describing his Fishing with the disciples, Gire writes: "Above them hover squawking fluries of herons, cranes, and cormorants waiting to dart in and steal away what they can of the catch." (To any salt-water fisherman that cuts it deeply)  Finally, An Insightful Moment of Character: "The Crowds were comprised largely of outsiders. Hardly pillars of the community.  What did they hear in His voice when he preached? What did they  see in His Face?" Then his answer comes in outline form: "He was poor in spirit...He mourned...He was meek...He hungered and He thirsted for righteousness."    "If the world persecuted Him; What would it do to His followers? Similiar thots are included in his most Intense Moment about the Mountain-top, with more creative embroidery. Poor in spirit, mournful, meekness, hunger for rightousness... being merciful, being pure in heart, also a peacemaker." What a wondrous way to end my Commentary...Awesomely full of Intimate, Instructive Moments with Jesus!  Retired Chaplain Fred W Hood         