 From experiences as Chaplain-Relig Prof at YALE; Freedom-Rider marching with MLK Jr; distinguished service in 1980's as Pastor of Riverside Church in NYC; president of SANE/FREEZE; Speaker on issues as, World Hunger, Minority Rights; Justice and Peace or Freedom. Who other than William Sloane Coffin has gained enough expertise sufficient to quell Doubters of any Age?    While serving as Pastoral Chaplain in Georgia Diagnostic Center, alongside Drug-Alcohol Rehab groups and in Worship Services, I discovered in reading his sermons, his dramatic passionate plus a truthful direct approach, addressed needs of prison inmates.   I soaked-up Coffin's first writing in "The Courage To Love, also in A PASSION FOR THE POSSIBLE. They guided me two ways: to meet complex needs of addicted inmates, but also to give me wee bites of material in carving out personal growth to write and deliver sermons based upon Homosexuality, To Face both Suffering and Death, Being Open to Change, Seeking Justice for Minorities! The same issues are addressed in "Letters To A YOUNG DOUBTER. W. S. Coffin's simple language yet profound, relaxed, laid-back style is also reasonable, thoughtful, keenly passionate, even at times humorously questioning the young Tom.    Upon hearing W S Coffin preach sermons at the Montreat Services in mid-1980's I was personally impressed by his singing Bass in Elaine Brown's Choir, seated next to me! From deeper personal reflection, I found his love and respect for beauty in music alongside personality, when he questioned me about "that young lady who was singing Soprano part in the Vivaldi Duet." My only anwer could be, "She happens to be my Wife!"   That gave new perspective in hearing his mellifluous bass voice, both in singing and prophetic preaching. I admit never feeling comfortable as others, in calling him "Bill" Coffin! In speaking with Davis Perkins, his Publisher: "I never interviewed another  Author with his many interests or keen imagination. Others whom he had published were Walter Brueggemann and Elie Wesel!   Added to the simple beauty & profound truths illuminated in this brief treasure, I am blessed by his Easter Sermon from Riverside Church, "Like Him We Rise!" I commend him, adding my prayers for his continued endurance to not "being the victim" from his heart problems in California.  Respectfully...Chaplain Fred W Hood            