 I have not been a big fan of this well-known writer since being assigned,"The Jesus I Never Knew" for a preaching class titled, Preaching Jesus in the Gospels. We were challenged to read two  books from perspectives of Yancey, Marcus Borg and N T Wright... I did not delve as deeply in Yancey's perspective. Now in this newest discovery of 13 persons who became his "Unlikely Mentors To Help Him Survive the Church," I really became identified!  I too was a victim of the typical Southern Conservative, Labeled Fundamentalism. So when I went into the early years of seminary, carrying my Scofield Bible, I soon replaced it with what W.W. Adams referred to as your "Reviled Standard Perversion!"   When I began perusing this new discovery in my favorite neighbor-hood book store, I loved his "Unlikely Mentors" because some of them had already adopted me! When I got into his Preface where he re-visited 9-11...then his first chapter where he describe his in-depth struggles with his church and small Bible college, I was hooked. Upon reading parts of his longer chapters on MLK, Gandhi, Robert Coles, I knew that I must buy the Whole Book!   There he jumped-out at me with creative sub-titles, MLK- "A Long Night's Journey Into Day" ; GK Chesterton- "Relics Along the Seashore" ; Robert Coles- "Tender Lives and The Assaults of the Universe" ; Tolstoy and Dostoevsky- "CHASING GRACE!" After noted pictures of the giant intellect, Chesterton, who did't like to travel, since he carried his rollicking adventures around in his great craggy head, I saw how he had written over 100 books which were published as his secretary recorded from his first drafts!  On top of these creative, unlikely mentors, he spun his web more deeply through Robert Coles, Ghandi, John Donne, Buechner and Henri Nouwen. Each of these men touched profoundly my four lives since years in seminary...Churches, CPE, Chaplaincy, efforts of writing. Nothing in what I'm recently reading about writing on mentors, theology, or autobiograpy has sparked my interest in such a dramatic fashion! Thanks to Philip Yancey, From Retired Chaplain Fred W Hood     