 As Prof Bruegge introduces the editor's preface of Jeremiah, he sets up parallel outlines for Isa 1:1; Hosea 1:1; plus Amos 1:1! He reminds all readers that we're in the tradition of these four prophetic books. He deftly describes the fourth as historically rooted in the priestly traditions of Anathoth, likely derived from covenantal traditions of Abiathar as I Kings 2:26-27, also  theologically as recipient of Yahweh's invasive, sovereign word. Most of his lectures on Jeremiah, begin with those traditions as Prophetic, Historical, and Theological. Look forward to hearing him make use of adjectives like invasive, sovereign, covenantal, alongside historical and theological traditions!    Moving through the unique "Calling of Jeremiah" he proceeds into two visions of "shaqed" (almond) and "shoqed" (watching) only to use one of his 117 references to O.T. scholars. From the next chapter, "The Word through Jeremiah" he describes his familiar topic of the Wild Vine as the prophetic lawsuit, then introduces that remarkable poem of "Return to Me" in resuming his metaphor. Sir Walter moves precisely between sections of his outline with incredible ease, yet continually allowing class questions that often lead him into carefully related traditions!  He supplied the final lecture for his Sister Scholar, Kathleen  O'Connor last Fall with his summary of Jeremiah's Oracles to the Nations and possible endings for the words from Jeremiah. After his ominous chapter entitled, "Terror on Every Side" then from the North; the result is Jeremiah becomes a Laughingstock from his words of Complaint, Judgement, Lament! As only Sir Bruegge can pull-off, he dramatized the emotions in Psalms of Lament using his key verbs: "deceived, harassed, abused, even raped!"    When you hear the Words of the Prophet Jeremiah coming from such a mouth, as Walter Brueggemann's, be sure it is authentic, real, dramatic and introspectively awesome! Simply but powerfully true because of his continual affirmation, they are the Words of GOD! My good fortune has gifted me in hearing 3 similiar treats, his Montreat Conference Lectures, Central Presbyterian Lectures, also the McAfee/Mercer Seminary Lectures within two years!   Be sure to expect new insights and visions from studies with the Prophet Brueggemann, on the Prophet Jeremiah! Good News from the Retired Chaplain, Fred W Hood            