 Donald Paul Hustad has been the stabilizing force upon many good and gifted Church Musicians. When I first met him with my wife Barbara we were attending the National Conference of Southern Baptist Church Musicians held in Louisville, Ky. Barbara and I slipped up behind him. As she spoke her name quietly in his ear, he jumped and gave her a bear hug. Since he had been her first  piano teacher while serving her Mother's First Methodist Church of Oskaloosa, Iowa, this was the first time we had the chance to renew his friendship.   From 1968 until today we have corresponded, exchanged visits, been gifted with Don's books, compositions, organ recitals and choral conferences for all four churches where we served. When I had time to re-read Jubilate II the title of the Foreword caught my eyes. "The Pilgrimage of a Schizophrenic Musician" became for me the most unexpected and unlikely title he could have chosen!  I doubt that many of his close friends would have chosen that title very fitting for the Donald Hustad who is familiar as the stabilizing and motivating personality who keeps us on an even keel for nearly forty years of turmoil in Church Music!  This collectors'gem of an inclusive account of notable changes in Church Worship thru Music has the trademark of the composite Church Musician. Don begins the book before the Foreword with his dedication to Donna, Sondra and Marcia. Not one of us as a Father would risk that personal touch to daughters without being proud of our accomplishments!   Leading with his commitment to Moody Bible Institute and the Billy Graham Team, he moves on to a lengthy tenure as teacher, composer and editor with Southern Seminary and Hope Publishing Co. His thirty-three pages of Notes and Bibliography reflect the comments and quotes of C. S. Lewis, Suzanne Langer, Richard Niebuhr, Robert Shaw, William Temple, Evelyn Underhill. The printed bookcover carries accolades from eleven outstanding persons from Erik Routley, English to Austin Lovelace, Carlton Young and William J. Reynolds, each representing varied church groups and interests.  May this outstanding and thoroughly created work receive its deserving acclamation!  Retired Chaplain Fred W. Hood     