 My perspectives of Sambo are changing, growing, surely becoming mesmerized each time I have an annual medical or happen to see  him in public! He always seems like an old, yet still youthful,  and wiser, more knowledgeabe... "Good Friend!" From my first early physical in his Fayette Medical Center, he finished-up in using his usual "recorded Review" of my visit: "within my new patient, Fred Hood, the first words I heard were...Depression!"    Earlier I had met Dr. Sams, visiting his older, medical patients in Fayette Community Hospital! His nephews John Goza and Frank Cole were hospital staff Doctors. One day after Pastoral Visits I chanced to converse with both, as to how come "so many members of the Sams family" had chosen to become Doctors?" They quickly agreed that it was strictly because of Sambo's influence!     Once I began reading this EPIPHANY, his 7th book, I discovered along with his other reviewers, Sambo is the epitome of a superb story-teller! He can quickly draw one into his uniquely creative pictured characters of personality. His strengths for using Mark Goddard and Gregry McHune as his colaborators becomes obviously related between his actual life as husband and his wife, Helen!   I sat waiting in his office with new book of Prayers written by Professor Walter Brueggemann, as Sambo entered and saw that same book I had given him earlier. "This morning I was reading his 4th Prayer, "Stunned By Morning." Then he proceeded to quote the whole page of prayer, word by word without looking at the book!    In all of our conversations about his writing or what he's up-to in reading... he seems totally interested and caught-up becoming interested to my questions or reponse to his stories. Whenever we get to our "process of physical aging" he's agile, positively humorous, and places total emphasis upon inner, spiritual and  mental attitudes. I am definitely an avid admirer of the medical expertise, powerfully gifted story-telling of my personality care-taker, who analizes, diagnoses, and even fullfills his own prescriptions! May he continue being the Blessed Physician for us for many more moons! Retired Chaplain, Fred W Hood           