 Reading the other reviews of this "real genius woman writer," moved me to place my own perspective. I first came under the profound influence of Karen Armstrong, seeing the Bill Moyer's Video panel on GENESIS. I have yet to ask Prof Brueggemann, on that panel if he agrees with me. In reading "The Narrow Gate," I also had the same suspicion. On seeing her graphically painted pictures of magically described fainting spells, "The smell of bad eggs, an aura of menace, fractured lights, sickness followed by my slide into unconsciousness." Her fainting spells being  ignored as a Catholic nun were put down as her unruly emotions! Not only did they happen at unexpected times but combined with a more positive outlook. It was apparent that her bad news of getting knocked back "even God for whom I had searched so long, was simply a product of a faulty brain, a neurological aberration."   She was diagnosed finally by Dr. Wolfe with a mild case of Epilepsy, "which isn't the end of the world, it is even curable if we get it in time!" After her depressing years as a Catholic nun, she entered a darkness of more struggle with opportunities to continue her English Education at Oxford. During three years of teaching English at Bedford Girls' Academy, she was provided with another unusual experience of caring for Jacob, handsome, young son of Jenifer Hart. He was also a victim of Epilepsy, but his more serious and deeper variety. With his irreligious parents request she took him to the Sunday Blackfriars Mass. Later she participated in his Baptism with assuance of the priest that it would give him the necessity of religious structure of education.  Then came an adventure of writing, photographing, filming of the BBC Documentary, "Paul of Tarsus and Jesus of Nazareth."  Months of return to her spiritual foundations became instrumental in helping Karen to re-evaluate her faith in God. She found the presence of God to be immanent in our world, even as "the ground of all being, in the depth of the human psyche."  Whenever I take time to share with another person the profound influence of this genius woman writer, I'm overwhelmed by her last chapter. She had been struggling up the steep hill from the London trolley, carrying a bag of heavy groceries, when suddenly comes the thought, "Why not write the biography of God?" That became a remembrance of some early impression of the spirit. Yet maybe only a slight inspiration from the Spirit of the immanent God."  A great genius, woman writer, Retired Chap Fred W Hood     