 I have never written about such a stunningly surprising, yet intensely revealing Story. After keeping up with Jane Pauley on the Today Show, I regret her absence as pass-off to Dateline; Now "The Jane Pauley Show." I'm still one huge Celebrity fan! As I reflect back on her lengthy appearances of neatly looking like a fashion model, as-if "I just-stepped out of a Band Box," I am carried away by her Innocence of being totally absorbed in the Present Moment! Her bearing of calm serenity; confident sureness of purpose; intimately aware of the powerful meaning of her stories; Particularly the essence of her thorough preparation, so as to avoid sentimental emotions with absolutely no artificiality of smiling concentration! I can hardly add More!   Recalling Michael Caine's comment on "Inside The Actors Studio:" That "I cannot allow myself to look either forward or backward but only concentrate upon the present Moment;" It sounds exactly like Jane Pauley! All of this to say, I've also have experienced times of such clinical depression. No fear; No Pity--Even during needed time-out for treatment! I too identified with her case of "The Hives" as too similiar to Shingles.   When one relates inwardly to times of mental/emotional illness, then we are drawn to persons with some of those same affective disorders. Listened this AM to Gene Hackman speaking about his shyness and habits of using "an affective memory" in order to get into his character roles, I could hear Jane Pauley writing her Skywriting: Alongside the wearing of certain clothes plus keeping tight-rein upon her emotions and thoughtfully using her senses of seeing, hearing, smelling or smiling totally without artificiality!   Up-dating on her recent Interview by Tim Russert, he asked her to comment on Tom Cruise putting down thot of Chemical Imbalance in those who are diagnosed Manic-depressive or Bi-polar: "He is not an expert or qualified to diagnose...I doubt his ability to prove there is no value in using chemical medications! Better  than sending patients into the Attic!" Once AGAIN I was totally immersed by her awesome, compelling, beautifully Hopeful Story. AMEN! Retired Chaplain Fred W Hood      