 Back in the dark ages of 1955's no one single recording of The German Requiem of Brahms could be noted! Most of all classical recordings of Bach, Beethoven, especially Brahms were not yet recorded until Robert Shaw began his ventures with Toscanini and his RCA Red Label LP's of Bach's St. Matthew//St. John Passions, Beehoven's Ninth Symphony and The German Requiem of Brahms. That Era of the late 1950's the name of Robert Shaw's Chorale came to the attention of Classical music lovers thru Chorale Tours of mayor cities like Chicago, Dallas, Los Angeles, Louisville, New York, San Deigo, St. Louis and Washington. My magical moment was his memorable Louisville Concert, when he first presented pieces to be later recorded as "Deep River and Other Spirituals!" That led many budding Church musicians to adopt him as 'sine qua non. of all Choral Masterworks. Most of us made time to attend his choral workshops or any of rehearsals within one hundred miles!   This version of the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra & Chorus includes Mr. Shaw's best Chorus and favored soloists! His choice of Miss Auger came close to ones he later found in the Atlanta Chorus... Three good examples were Donna Carter, Sylvia McNair, and later Dawn Upshaw. All singers who were exposed to his interpretation of "Blessed, Blessed  are they who mourn" or "How Lovely are Thy Dwellings" or any other of the 5 descriptive, dramatic, mystical pieces, likely will reflect those same magic qualities of Shaw's personality! He seldom ever allowed his sopranos or tenors as higher voices to overpower the darker richness of his inner sounds of alto, bass or baritone. Anyone singing baritone could realize occassions to switch-hit between the upper tenor part or lower basso profonda. All his great musical moments were dictated by extreme dramatic dynamics from pianissimo to full-blown fortes! If one listens to his carefully crafted restraint within those awesome comforting tones of "BLESSed, Blessed, bblessed..." in the final Chorus of similiar Biblical texts with ultra long tones stretched-out in two-bar long exquisite sounds of peaceful, hope-filled Comfort! Nothing found anywhere else in all Choral  Music can match this master-piece! Gratefully from one older retired singer, Fred W Hood                