 Altho Mr Shaw invariably knew the Soloists, best-fitted for each of his musical choices; This pair, William Stone/Jan de Gaetani are ideally chosen, awesome singers in their wondrous musical and textual roles! Whenever Shaw employed Stone, such a handsome impressive Basso, it was obvious how closely they related. This fearless bass promptly gave one huge bear hug to Caroline Shaw!   Such over-powering words of Walt Whitman demanded and received descriptive, dramatic settings by Shaw's great Atlanta Chorus, during one inspired period of later-life in Atlanta. I regret in waiting too long the enjoyment of hearing this while writing on my Computer. From an opening 4-tone theme: A up-to C- down to F, followed by E-natural, all of which give extra tension by added, unwavering, underlying C# pedal tone! All together they enhance descriptive sorrow in anguished results of a Choral Masterpience from a wondrous team of Shaw's commissioning of Paul Hindemith to adding the extra-ordinary Requiem text of Walt Whitman!   Hindemith, new resident of the USA knew of Shaw's love for Walt Whitman's Poetry, leading him to Commission Hindemith suggested Whitman Poems nearly in 1945! At that time Hindemith recalled, how he felt like the "Sorcerer's Apprentice" enough that he was caught-up in the "Trinitarian Symbolism" of W.W.'s three themes: 1) "the fallen Star of Abraham Lincoln" (Father Abraham) 2) "the profusion of Lilacs, banking the coffin of Lincoln" (Crucified as the Son) 3) "the beautiful singing Warbler entwined with the chant of my soul." Two Favorite Stanzas, No 6) Song, Oh How Shall I Warble"; No 8) "Oh Sing on! You Gray-Brown Bird"  Both  are greatly inspired as Symbolic of the Holy Spirit!    All of Walt Whitman's picturesque symbolism was given full sway by Hindemith and Shaw! It is Awesome hearing this carefully crafted Masterpiece after an earlier Columbia recording of N.Y. Philharmonic, Louise Parker, George London + Choral-Master, Hugh Ross. The differences become sparkling with Shaw's Carnegie Hall Preview by the Collegiate Chorale to this one of the ASO in 1990. From one who is grateful for this Love-Feast, Long-Retired Chap Fred W. Hood         