 I picked up this book with great expectations.  I was sadly disappointed.  I expected to learn about how the fast food industry prepared and delivered its products.  Though there is good information in the book, Schlosser obviously had a stong agenda to discredit anyone and anything associated with fast pace America.  Though Walt Disney had nothing to do with fast food, Schlosser went on ad infinitum attacking Disney because of his apparent employment of some German WWII vets and how he handled an artists' strike. Schlosser clearly despises the founders and the culture that arose from this era.  If you are to believe Schlosser, you are left with the impression that all of these men (Ray Kroc, the founder of McDonald's, Harlan Sanders at KFC and Walt Disney) were greedy, petty, cynical, shysters who could have cared less about the people they served and the world they lived in. Having read other material on some of these people I knew that, though Schlosser was not actually lying, he presented facts in such a way that could lead the reader to false conclusions.  For example, in talking about Disney he said, "Walt Disney neither wrote, nor drew the animated classics that bore his name."  While technically true, at this stage in Disney's career, he no longer had time to do the actual drawing.  He oversaw all aspects of the Disney classics but he did not literally draw them himself.  What he fails to tell you is that Walt Disney made his start by creating and drawing many of the famous Disney characters, like Mickey Mouse.  If you didn't know better, though, you would think Disney never drew anything, that he was simply a great pitch man. I have never been a fan of fast food and rarely frequent any of these establishments.  The main reason for picking up the book was to learn just how bad these hyper-processed foods really are for your body.  Unfortunately, instead I got a diatribe on just how lousy America and much of its culture is. Schlosser got so far off topic and presented the subject matter in such a subjective manner that I can not recommend the book.     