 This review focuses on the extras provided on the Criterion Collection DVD. This three disc special edition is filled with extras which are top drawer and add insight into the film Brazil. This is a must have and it begins on disc one, the uncut 142 minute version of Brazil, which shows Gilliam's true vision. It features an audio commentary track with Gilliam, which is excellent.  You can tell Gilliam cared enough to prepare himself for it, not like some commentary tracks where the director goes, "oh yeah, this part was fun" about once every two minutes.  Gilliam adds a new level of insight I had not previously had on his film. The second disc is full of goodies. One interesting part features the film's special effects, including some raw footage.  The storyboards were amazing, they show his visions of the dream sequences, not all of which, made it into the final film.  Musical score, costume design, production design, textual supplements, production & publicity still photo galleries, the film's theatrical trailer and screenwriting for the film are also featured. "What Is Brazil?", a 1/2 hour short that shows a behind the scenes look at Brazil. Also included is "The Battle Of Brazil: A Video History," which features the controversy which loomed over the film around Brazil.  From newspaper articles to phone interviews, this piece tells the true tale behind Gilliam's battle to control Brazil and keep his vision intact. The third and last disc contains a very different version of Brazil, "The Love Conquers All" edition which reflects little of Gilliam's vision, but made the Universal fat cats happy. This cut runs 94 minutes in length and doesn't have most of the darker edge, and adds a new opening and a new finale which is more satisfying to Hollywood bigwigs.   When you watch it and compare it to Gilliam's vision, it shows all the more why it was so important to Gilliam to have his vision remain intact.  Just amazing to have this information available for reference.  Do not miss out on this Criterion set!     