 Full Tilt Boogie is a documentary by Director Sarah Kelly bringing us behind the scenes from the movie From Dusk Till Dawn. The 1996 criminals-on-run-meet-vampires movie brought together writer Quentin Tarantino with director Robert Rodriguez. The film starred actors George Clooney, Harvey Keitel, Juliette Lewis and Salma Hayek, and Cheech Marin. Cheech appears in multiple roles, playing a border guard, a strip club barker with a hilarious "pussy for a penny" spiel, and a mexican mobster. What is nice about the documentary, is you not only get to "meet" the stars and director, but also the folks behind the scenes, the grips, the assistants, and the other "little people" who make the movie magic reality. About halfway into the movie, the film starts looking at the troubles the flick went through when Rodriguez made the flick with a non-union cast and crew. It's intriguing to follow the union portion of the documentary. What I didn't like about the film was the lack of Tom Savini in the documentary. Tom, one of the industry's most well known makeup/special effects artists (Creepshow, Friday the 13th, Dawn & Day of the Dead, etc) played Sex Machine in the film, and I was disappointed to not have any input from him in the documentary. Another disappointment was the almost total absence of Harvey Keitel in the documentary. According to the narration, he was not interested in making the documentary, only From Dusk 'Till Dawn, but did do a painfully brief interview with Quentin, which left me wanting more. The final thing that bothered me is while you do get to "meet" the folks behind the scenes, it doesn't go very far, and I was left wanting to know more about these interesting folks who made the movie happen. But all in all, if you enjoyed From Dusk 'Til Dawn, you still will want to check out this documentary. At the time of this review, the price is rather high (over a $100), but you have access to a DVD player, you may want to get the From Dusk Til Dawn: Dimension Collector's Series DVD, which includes this featurette along with a ton of other extras for around 25 bucks until the price drops on the VHS.     