 This is my third TCB disc.  I got "ESSENTIAL" right before I saw him in concert and "RIGHT AS RAIN" right after seeing him in concert on the DELBERT McCLINTON Cruise (01/05).  I enjoy his gritty voice and writing skill for rockin the blues.  He generally puts a pretty good tune to paper and I like blues and soul.  I've read CASTRO's greatest influences are guys like the Godfather of Soul -James Brown- and "Wicked" Wilson Pickett (stomp it, kick it) so it only makes sense that he would cover ground mined by those to R&B giants of yore.   And you can hear their vocal mannerisms in his delivery from recording to recording. . I would agree this is not the best I've heard, but not primarily due to the song cycle.  The arranagements did not always win me over and I would agree some of these tunes lean toward early eighties Bob Seger (not my favorite period in his career) and Southside johnny (a cat I dug in the late 70s and early 80's).  But this is a better CD than the latest by KWS! . Having seen Tommy & his Band live, where many of these songs were replicated on stage and came across better in concert, I have to assume it was the arranagements and the production that hampers some if the music .   Most of my buddies seemed to think Tommy and his guitar were more sizzle than steak, but maybe he was having an off week.  "A Pretty boy" someone else said to me of him.   It was still very enjoyable music and I don't doubt he can play.  He is a fine performer in person, albeit, I have yet to see his magical string bending prowess in my live experiences, he is a great leader and tune smith. . I would recommend other earlier Tommy Castro CDs, such as "ESSENTIAL" as starting points for Blues Fans.  He is well worth picking up.  There are also a more than fair amount of FREE DOWNLOADS on the TOMMY CASTRO BAND website, with various blues luminaries pitching in.  . I don't deny Tommy the right to make a CD like this, I just like him to rock the blues a bit more, but there are several strong moments on here and the odd surprise (Flutes anyone!) . Top cuts for me at least: * LET'S GIVE LOVE A TRY ... (SEGER-esque) * ANYTIME SOON ... (solid ballad) * PARTY's OVER ... (driving horns) * NO ONE LEFT TO LIE TO ... (appears to borrow from Gary Moore)      