 Selby has written more than 10 top-40 hits, including 4 #1 songs. His songs have been recorded by Kenny Wayne Shepherd, the Dixie Chicks, Keb' Mo', Lee Roy Parnell, Wynonna, and many others.  Most important for me is that Mark has co-writen over a dozen songs with Kenny Wayne Sheppard including the classic "BLUE ON BLACK" (penned along with Selby's long-time collaborator and wife, Tia Sillers).   Now comes Mark's second solo effort: DIRT.  Most of the cuts on this new CD were written with Tia but ain't  mellow or countryfied as Tia's masterpiece: "I HOPE YOU DANCE" (which LeeAnn Wommack rode top of the country charts), nor does Mark rock as hard as his efforts for KWS, but it is very solid from top to bottom settling for ground bewteen blues, Nashville & rock.  It is a good album to take on a road trip, bares repeated listens and does not grow stale.  I would not say there are any jaw dropping stunners on here, although, as many have pointed out, "WILLIN TO BURN" gets the juices flowing.  I also thought "MOON OVER MY SHOULDER", the rockin "UNFORGIVEN" and the closing title-track were pretty good rip roaring guitar wind outs.  Mark is a guitar talent, plays a fine slide, sings well and creates vinettes of small town life and big time love.  Some say he has mellowed some.  Marriage will do that to you, but he can evock sounds that rival the Stones (circa 1978), Houses of the Holy era Zep, The Band or Mellencamp at times, but never mimmicks their sound.  It is his own brand and it is good.  I'd like to hear more hooks as wide open as "WILLIN TO BURN" and the slower moments seem a little too confessional for my taste, but I'm wilin to hunt down his debut CD, as some say it rocks a little more.  We watched Mark on stage with Tia, Jeffrey Steele (GONE, HELL YEAH TURN IT UP), Big Al Anderson, Leslie Stacher and the legendary John Hiatt, amoung others, and he's a talented picker.  I don't think we'll see many albums from this sonmgwriter / singer, but we can enjoy the one's he gives us.  Now if we can just get Kenny Wayne to record more good songs by Mark & Tia and get Kenny back on the right path, my job will be done.     