 . I've listened to tens of thousands of albums, and this is certainly one of them.  Listening to this reminded me of watching the backwards-playing movie Memento. I don't know if I really liked it, but it was interesting.  I really wanted to like this album.  Many of these tunes show promising starts but to me get bogged down in tired vocals and second-hand loud playing.  Like a fence post on an abandoned farm, the songs just sit there. For no apparent reason. Critic reviews were -as stated by a few other respondents- glowing. Many of the songs kick-start with a promising guitar riff, but slowly deconstruct into fuzzy noodling and horrific singing.  I mean the playing occasionally makes you think something great is just around the bend, but it is a dead end, for the most part.  I mean they are certainly passionate about their roots.  I dropped acid at a Robin Trower concert too, but I didn't waste people's time by recording 2 cds worth of minutia about my experiences and how it changed my life.  The lyrics are sort of a narrative, story telling format that go a little like this, like a 5th grade school paper: "Woke up this morning, had a bowl of corn flakes, heard a dog barking, and shot him dead. Lynard Skynard is a great band". That sort of garbage.  And in mind crap is crap.  Most of these words rung shallow as an ash tray, and empty as a beer can.  The spoken word songs, I found to be more enjoyable.  Cause most of the rest of this sucks more than an empty keger on a Friday night.  I just wanted to shout out at my CD player, "Will you Shut up and get on with it already!"  Hey, Lynyrd Skynyrd is a great rock band, with several classics, but this is no LS.  I also like Neil Young. But I have 3 words for a band that repeatedly sings songs that include song after song after song after song about Ronnie & Neil.  Get over it!  I found "3 Great Alabama icons" interesting, certainly from historic perspective, the information of racist Governor George Wallace was eye opening.  There are a fist full of nice songs pocketed toward the end of side two: "Life in the Factory" rocks, "Cassie's Brother" (primarily NOT sung by the band), "Shut Up" is good driving rock. "Angels & Fuselage" a decent ballad.  Skip the second hand licks and goat-roper strained, whiskey'n' razorblades garbled vocals. Stick with the originals; spend your blue collar dollar on "After the Gold Rush" or "Harvest" or "Everyone Knows this is Nowhere" or L.S.  Personally I think these guys are less street survivors and more grease spill on the lost rock highway.  Get out the way of this southern thing.  p.s. ditto for their other CD, the Dirty South too. Yawn.         