 Back in 1963, when American innocence was a way of life, I'm not sure I ever bought into the West Coast Beach bravado that there were really two girls for every boy at Surf City.  Sounded more like a brag that 5 guys in white and pink pendletone shirts could never deliver on.    But when an am radio tucked under a pillow bellowed out the sweet Ronettes promise that "...for every kiss you give me, I'll give you three.", it was, yes, the promise of a kiss from a girl.  And every boy could believe a in kiss. . The difference, besides coming from a lips of a pretty girl, was the sincerity in the voice. . Jump to 1993, a different time, innocence lost.  But the sincerity of voice is back, this time in the form of Patti Scialfa. . Runble Doll evokes the girl-group sound of the 60s but in a modern New York City setting. . Patti pens the songs, sung in touching lyric chains, and enlists the musical aid of E-Streeter Roy Bitton, to fill in he back ground with a wash of melodic keyboards swirls.  But this is as close to nostalgic and longing she has in common with a Springsteen LP. . The album rocks without rock and rolling too load. Yeah, growing up a Jersey Girl, I'll bet Patti listened to many a Phil Spector produced symphony for the kids and the production owes much to the studio mimicry found within the maracas and percussive wall of sound that accompanies her angelic vocal cadences.    . The sound snaps and drifts by like a Summer Night. Muscular and delicate all at once. You want to be there on the street corners and alley ways not missing a moment of the action that lies before you. Her gang, her sound and her dreams of Boys, burgers, beers and board-walks. . Musical hilites include the  smart opener, "RUMBLE DOLL" and  the Latin-tinged "VALERIE". "LOVE'S GLORY" could easily have been sung by Ronnie Bennett. The second to last song; the elegant, "SPANISH DANCER" is an instant classic, a beautifully played and sung ballad, like life itself to precious to want to ever end..as the drum beat/heart beat plays faint, fainter, faintly...out...            