 I keep thinking Allison will pack more punch with her next release. This one feels uneven to my ears. It gets off to a fine start with the ballad, "Tumbling Down" (also found on the soundtrack to "the Rookie").  The pace is nice, the strings and backing vocal chorus add nicely to the overall world-ending feel of the tune. To that end, it's hard to pick up the pieces on any recording when you start at the bottom of a relationship, and it takes a while for her to get off the mat.  Surely all the beautiful women with gifted voices wondering Nashville can't all be walking around with broken hearts.  I find someone like Lee Ann Wommack does so much of a better job portraying heartache and with more imaginative results on her CDs. Course, Lee Ann is wise enough to surround herself with crack musicians and singers, such as Julie and Buddy Miller. Big difference.  The next 4 cuts are undistinquished; not unlike Trisha Yearwood's most recent efforts.  Fillers, without out much spark. Before I even play something entitled "Ruby Jewell Was Here", I knew we were headin' down a much traveled back road populated by the likes of novelty-type yarns such as "Ode to Billy Joe", "Harper Valley PTA", "The Night the Lights Went Out in Georgia", "Me and Bobby Magee".  This song is not nearly that clever, Daisy Duke.  I liked "Can't Get There From Here" well enough. I liked "Steal the Sun" well enough.  Again with the stings and her cresendo voice dominating, one can't help thinking of Trisha, et all. Allison has a fine voice and wants us to know that "Absulutely no vocal tuning or pitch correction used in the making of this record". But having a fine vocie doesn't make for a winning record without distinct songs and writing. The over use of orchestration on most cuts is pleasant enough but seems like a crutch on these string-ballads: Violins = Sorrow.  To call this a country album doesn't give country much creedance in this day and age.  This is, for the most part, ballad-pop.   A bland idea for a song, like, say, "Hey Jezebel", not unlike "Ruby Jewell", has been penned a 1,000 times, and is less than fresh soundng.  "Mark My Words" begins the strongest portion of the CD.  Allison starts to take a few chances. Who knows, maybe some 'wise' record exec. sequenced the CD, so all the fluff rose to the top, and the more distinct moments -where Allison streches out some- come through towrd the closer.    "No Place for a Heart" finally has a litle rhythm to it. Allison sounds comfortable and lets her big voice ride along the waves of the melody.  It has a sligtly jazzier lilt, with neat organ and classical-tinged guitar replacing the weepy strings that drench the first 2/3 of the release.  "Yessiree" works for me.  The strong backing vocals fortified by a unique arrangement that includes some crunching guitar licks and...wait for it...Horns! Surprize!  Though the strings creep back in to finish the song up.  I guess the biggest veer on the CD, is  on "Goin Down" which finds Allsion sucking in the seventies as she TCBs her way thru this credible Stones meets Ikettes mets BTO piano banger. I know it's only pop, but I liked it.  The album closer finds Allison again stretching out some. "Dying Bread" finds her back in he story teller mode, but with success. Think of Cher(A Cowboy's Work is never Done) meets "Those Where the Days"(Mary Hopkins).   Overall, I'd say there were more songs I liked than disliked, but this is a medium range collection of string-laden ballads mixed in with some interesting twists toward the back end of the CD, all more facinating to listen to than another hearkbreak weeper.      