 This is by no means a 5 Star CD.  It is not a total loss either. And there are moments that a blues fan and even an Aerosmith fan would enjoy.  I have all five of the HOUSE of BLUES  albums done in a similar vein.  They feature blues players, past and present, some well known, some more obscure or on the fringes of "the Blues".  Those recognize Dylan, Clapton, Janis, Zeppelin & the Stones in single disc sets.  Each disc has fine moments. The Rolling Stones CD probably aces out Led Zep & the others as the best of the HoB rock-blues send ups.  I'm not sure if HoB rejected this Aerosmith project, ran out of steam or money for these ideas or Heavy Hip Mama Records (who released this CD, but is no longer in business) copped to the idea and released it on their own, but it easily fits within the House of Blues Tribute series.  So if you even remotely like blues-based rock covers, dig into the House of Blues similar lot for more like this.  That said, the production on this CD is very strong.  The drums are way up in the mix, which I liked.  As I've heard Keith Moon oft quoted: "If you want to play loud, hit the drums hard".  Steven Tyler and the boys always liked it loud -even on ballads- and proud and most of the cuts here do not hold back.  But I would say that a number of these tracks break Albert Collins cardinal rule: "No one leaves without singing the blues". While some of these artists may be reinterpreting the Boston based band's songs., songs such as "Dream On" are not necessarily blues, or a gospel singer (e.g. Kim McFarland) does not sing the blues.  So what's the point on including that song or that singer?  Why not include a song such as "I Don't Want to Miss a Thing" which would have worn nicely on a set such as this in the hands of a competent player such as Robert Cray.  Or how about the Stone-sy "Round and Round" taken on by someone such as North Mississippi All Stars.  Pairing up bluesier Aerosmith songs with artists who bring energy to the blues did not always happen on this project, and it suffers for it.  What's great comes right out of the gate. OTIS CLAY is in fine voice.  He, along with Solomon Burke, is one of the few R&B soul-sters that are still out there making contemporary rhythm and blues music.  When he comes thru Chicago from time to time, he is excellent live.  CLAY sings his ace off on this version on recent vintage Aerosmith,"CRYIN".  It is great when "Screamin' Demon" Tyler rips into it and OTIS CLAY pulls off the strongest vocal performance on the CD.  Super, faithful and original all at once.  Some have scoffed at the legendary PINETOP PERKINS take on "WALK THIS WAY", but the way I figure it, when a 90 year old pianist sings about "going down on a muffin", you have to give the old ivory tickler his props.  PINETOPS version won't make you throw out your copy of "TOYS" or even unload RUN DMC, but it is a fun spin on the old warhorse and a nicely laid down tune. RONNIE BAKER BROOKS (son of Lonnie Brooks) accompanies on gee-tar., and anyone related to the Lonnie Brooks clan knows his way around the blues.  CATHY RICHARDSON, what can I say?  I knew of the CATHY RICHARDSON BAND playing around the Midwest.  Another Lonnie Brooks offspring, WAYNE BAKER BROOKS, is welcomed in with open arms. There rendition of "LAST CHILD" is not a blues sounding song. In fact this cover does not veer far from the original at all, but who cares it is Soooo Good!  This version ROCKS! And rocks HARD!  I loved this and it dang nears overtakes OTIS for top dog on this CD.  The drums pound, the guitar shreds.  This is heavy metal thunder.  Loved it.  Makes me want to call up all my friends and blast it into their cell phones good and loud.   LAST CHILD...first choice.  Nothing else on the CD stands out, quite like those moments for me off the disc.   But JOE LOUIS WALKER is always dependable and I enjoyed "RAG DOLL".    LOU ANN BARTON seemed a little out of place on "ONE WAY STREET" but she does not back down, so good for her for belting out a few bars.  I do find fault with MARSHALL CRENSHAW singing "BIG TEN INCH".  He is a personal favorite of mine so I got exciting knowing he was on here.  Grant it, he has no real kinship to blues music.  To be brutally honest, like several of the artist on this set, he sounded like he swallowed Howlin Wolf's voice box.  Trying to mimic the Wolfman's gruff vocal pattern doesn't make you a blues artist. I'd have invited the late Johnnie Johnson or even Little Richard to rip it up on this one...if I ruled the world. It may have seemed like a good choice for Marshall, but it doesn't sound like authentic blues, it doesn't sound like the originator of this ol' chestnut himself, Bull Moose Jackson.  It does sound more like just plain bull, Marshall.    Back to Gospel singer KIM McFARLAND.  This I don't understand.  This song would fit much better on an adult contemporary radio station delicately programmed between Luther Vandross and Mariah Carey.  Her reading of DREAM ON has more in kin with U2's "I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For" or "I Want to Know What Love Is", by Foreigner.  Speaking of Foreigner, there is a LOU GRAMM appearance on his tepid take on "BACK IN THE SADDLE AGAIN". Sounds more like a horse with no name, I'm afraid.  Come complete with average bar band backing.  The drumming is loud, but GRAMM brings nothing new to this song.  His voice non-descript. GRAMM is teamed with  SUGAR BLUE, but SUGAR's exquisite harmonica talents seem lost on this and another cut he guests on.  Too bad, SUGAR usually blows harp like hell.  But I haven't seen this much wasted blow since SUGAR BLUE was spotted doing lines of coke with his daddy in the Men's Room at ROSA's Blues Club in Chicago, back in the '80s.   "PINK" was loud, but GERALD McCLENDON is not really playing the blues. It was a serviceable song.  "DRAW THE LINE" by TAD ROBINSON, pass.    DONAL KINSEY reports in on "SWEET EMOTION", the report is not memorable.    "DUDE (LOOKS LIKE A LADY) but she sure can't sing, is my response to CRYSTAL TALIEFERO.  Where did they find her, it is the lowest moment on the CD.    DAVID "HOMEBOY" EDWARDS closes out the recording with a delta-blues rendering of Johnny Burnett's early southern rock rave up "TRAIN KEPT A ROLLIN".  I am not a huge fan of acoustic blues, so for me this train barely moans out of the station as the album grinds to a slow chug.  Like many of these type of CD honoring rock and roll heavy weights, if you can get a used copy on the cheap and can sort thru the good with the bad blues covers of rock standards this may be for you.  Get a 5-disc CD changer and program in the gems and leave the duds in the attic.	     