 Just saw STYX in concert at the Rosemont Theatre, (just outside of Chicago, IL) last night. . They featured a hand full of songs from this new CD.  The release features covers of classic rock songs.  Like many of you, I had gotten off the STYX wagon 20 years ago today.  On this night  STYX first brought the house down with their rendition of "I AM THE WALRUS", coo-coo-ca-cho.  TOMMY SHAW followed up next by leading an acoustic guitar driven medley of CSN's "FIND THE COST OF FREEDOM" / "CAN'T FIND MY WAY HOME" (Blind Faith), which garnered a second standing ovation from the pro-Chicago home crowd.  Less successful was "SUMMER IN THE CITY", which did not quite transcend on stage, for me at least.  For the encore, which led off with blues legend Koko Taylor, the band paid homage to their Chi-Town roots.  Once Koko bid good night to Sweet Home Chicago, the band railed full force into Humble Pie's "I DON"T NEED NO DOCTOR", as if they were Rockin' the Fillmore.  Keyboardist / vocalist LAWRENCE GOWEN, who supplanted Dennis DeYoung in the late '90s, handled Steve Marriott vocal chores effortlessly and bounced about the stage with much vim and vigor.  .  The BIG BANG THEORY compact disc has gone Top 50 -something that hasn't happened to STYX in two decades- and covers such as "I AM THE WALRUS" have gotten air play on some 200 rock stations across the country.   . The show surprised me, I was expecting Spinal Tap, and I got a new STYX.  Yeah, it is always hard to see a band past their glory days, and with new members unknown to us, but this reincarnation of STYX seemed sparked with fresh energy and ideas by the current players. TODD SUCHERMAN ripped the drums up all night long with boundless energy. Former Babies and Bad English (John Waite) bassist RICKY PHILLIPS was steady and fit in with the band, as the newest member.  The Canadian GOWEN was very theatrical and his showmanship helped ease the absence of Dennis.  GOWEN spun his keyboard on a revolving pedestal, he pranced around the stage with the confidence that his voice projected.  All of the parts added to the whole and it worked.  They rocked harder and left the syrup in the cupboard as we feasted on uptempo favorites and left tired ballads like "Babe" in the rear view mirror.  We went out and ordered this CD immediately today.  Change is good and the band seemed more vital and vitalized than I'd ever remembered them before.  TOMMY,  J.Y. & GOWEN shared vocal chores and instrumental solos and most everything worked.  Recovering STYX co-founder and bandmate CHUCK PANOZZO joined the band on stage for the end of the regular set and part of the encore and was welcomed on stage by the raucous crowd.  I thought STYX were for kids, but as a 45 years old, I found this show and new album a fun record to want to own.  Sure we are Chicago and we root, root, root for the home team.   . This was not an oldies act sailing away into rock and roll Babylon.  It looked more like a revitalized band that appeared ready to take on the world stage again.       