 One of the great things about music is that the quest to find great songs leads you down paths you never expected to travel down.  One of my favorite things to do is to be educated and entertained. I love finding out that Jimmy Page played guitar on Tom Jones songs such as "It's Not Unusual", as an example.  So, I had heard "HIGHWAY, HIGHWAY" on a 1995 sampler I listened to.  Thought it was one of the greatest songs I'd ever heard  (I have over 18,000 songs on my computer alone).    I'd catagorize this one with lonesome songs like Jimmy Buffett's "Coast of Marsailles".  Or like another artist I have recently enjoyed, Jeffrey Gaines, who sounds similar vocally.  My wife thought Stephan Allen Davis was Ray Charles!  You hear a song like "HIGHWAY, HIGHWAY" and you never forget it. It's that good!  Years have passed, and I continue to hunt down great music.  I stumbled across The LIGHT PINK ALBUM relatively inexpensively, and I'm like, I'm gonna take a chance on this guy, cause I dug HIGHWAY do much.  Well I drop the CD in the car-player and "TAKE TIME TO KNOW HER" starts playing, and I'm immediately going thru all the songs I've heard, and singers I've enjoyed.  Who is this? Where have I heard this song before?  Sounds like a soul singer.  Who sang this originally?  I go to the liner notes and notice DAVIS us the writer. Must be a mistake!  But as I read that Davis wrote this as a 17 year old, I come to find out that he is the author. Amazing discovery.  A little more research takes me to my PERCY SLEDGE records, and he is the artist I've heard do this song so convincingly before.  But back to Stephen.  Every song sounds fantastic.  Sticks in the mud out there may find him to minimalistic to be a good listen. I thought this was a fantasticly simple. Hauntingly beautiful.  If you enjoy singer-songwriters, pick this up.  The production is as if he were in the room with you. Wide open vocals (perhaps in a soulful delivery like Gregg Allman solo albums sound), with guitar and harmonica (like Dylan or Neil Young harp playing), and the occational piano (think Randy Newman meets Joe Cocker).    What a listen.     