 The Chicken Qabalah Of Rabbi Lamed Ben Clifford By Lon Milo DuQuette Samuel Weiser, 2001 Reviewed by Poke Runyon After some thirty years of studying, practicing and even daring to teach what is called "Hermetic Qabalah" (or Kabbalah or Cabala, or what  ever ) I was recently confronted by a person (not even Jewish) who condescendingly informed me that the word was pronounced "Kab-ah-LAH" and that if I had not studied it under a bone fide Rabbi I really knew nothing about it. Even though I had taken a class in Jewish mysticism in college from a real Rabbi, that didn't seem to be good enough. I was a "Chicken Qabalist" and I was made to feel as if I should sit in the back of the metaphysical bus. Before the mid-1970s we Hermetic qabalists lived in a happy dream world where we thought we actually were studying and practicing a deeply profound system of spiritual growth and magical attainment based on long-forgotten medieval Jewish and renaissance Rosicrucian roots. We had no idea the "real" Kab-ah-LAH had no Tarot cards, no Pagan Gods (certainly no Pagan Goddesses!), very little astrology, and absolutely no magick.  But then came our sad awakening. Faced with too many brilliant young people committing themselves to various forms of Eastern mysticism, Jewish Biblical and Talmudic scholars, led by Greshom Scholem and followed by Aryeh Kaplan, dusted off and refurbished  the old, nearly forgotten orthodox Jewish kabbalah. We Hermetic qabalists (if we even dared to call ourselves qabalists at this point ) were now second class metaphysical citizens. What we desperately needed was our own Rabbi --- a  roly-poly, white bearded, good-natured esoteric sage who would tell us: "Hey, it's okay to be a Chicken Qabalist. Have all  the Tarot cards and magick you want. The qabalah is for everybody!  Enjoy!" And that is exactly what Maestro Lon Milo DuQuette has given us in the "pseudepigraphic" personage of Rabbi Lamed Ben Clifford. Ben Clifford is an iconoclastic, renegade scholar who teaches the students of his school (the Zerubbabel  Institute of Philosophical Youth; 'Z.I.P.Y') all the basics of the qabalah we know and love --- with delightful humor  and wonderfully cogent analogies. For example: the theory  of the Four Worlds of descending creative emanations  is explained  as a  four story building where chairs are  conceived, designed, manufactured, and finally put  in the show room on the bottom floor.  But don't make the mistake of thinking that Ben Clifford (or DuQuette) is dumbing down the qabalah; far from it! Lon DuQuette has already established himself as one of the leading exponents of Hermetic qabalah and magick. His "Chicken Qabalah" is rib tickling but it is also profound---and I make bold to suggest that he can make a deep concept-such as The Four Parts of the Soul (Chia, Neshamah, Ruach, and Nepesh) more grokable than Greshom Scholem or Aryeh Kaplan --- even to Jewish readers.  That brings up another key point: this book is not a "They have theirs" and "We have ours" sort of presentation. The intent and the humor is not irreverent and certainly not anti-Jewish. Actually this review is more critical of the second-class status imposed on Hermetic qabalah than either Lon, or his Ben Clifford, have been in the book itself. The Chicken Qabalah should be a delightful read for interested people of all religious backgrounds. It forms a light-hearted, but deeply meaningful, bridge between two systems of qabalah that have recently drifted apart.  Last but not least, it provides those of us who have been immersed in Hermeitc qabalah for years with a delightfully humorous review of basics (and profound principles) that we would otherwise not bother to undertake, given the dry nature of the previously  published material. All considered, The Chicken Qabalah is a mini-masterpiece from a Master with a twinkle in his eye. Poke Runyon     