 Joe Lisiewski is more of a medievalist than Steve Savedow! And yet, he, like Steve, is not claiming a photographable manifestation. He, like Steve, admits to a subjective approach, so he's not crazy. IMO Lisiewski's "Subjective Synthesis" theory is the "scientific" part of his book. His rationalizing about the alchemical properties of smoke used in spirit materializtion are (IMO) a process of his subconscious; something your inner child wants to believe. Liseiwiski's "Subjective Synthesis" is very well expressed. He is a philosophical dualist (like Steve) and firmily believes that his Heptameron demons are not related to, or particularly connected with, archetypes or shadow fragments in the individual psyche (a monist, Jungian and actually a "Hermetic" view--in spite of Joe's insistance that his system is "Hermetic"??). He does, however, admit that the human mind is the receiver for these beings. None of my quibbles invalidate what he's doing. I'm sure what he does really works--for him. And yet his dispensing with what he calls "New Age" concentration exercises (Bardon, OTA, and even Tibetan tantric!) is obviously dependent upon his having been raised in a Catholic school and absorbing all the mental conditioning that goes along with that mind-set and lifestyle. If you were raised a devout Roman Catholic, and you have that strong conditioning, then this book's method could work for you--if you are willing to take the risks he warns you of--and fulfill all the rest of the devout religious operational commitment and requirements. An additional note concerning Joe Lisiewski's version of the Heptameron. Yes, Barrett's *Magus* is largely lifted from Agrippa I,II, III, and psuedo-Agrippa (the *Fourth Book*). But Joe owes Barrett! Specifically Barrett's English translations of the Latin conjurations in the original Heptameron (in the Fourth Book), which comprise more than a third of the text! Maybe this is why Joe is so hard on Barrett? If Barrett was a dirty, plagerizing scoundrel then it's okay to use his translations (word-for-word) without giving him credit....Not a major sin but one that should be confessed and attoned for in some measure (buring a hundred candles in Barrett's memory should expiate this minor infraction ). (In speaking of the *Fourth Book* I am referring to a direct facsimile of the 1655 first English edition) Joe also borrowed the descriptions of the spirits from psuedo Agrippa (Robt. Turner suggested this in his version of the Heptameron) so we have a bit more than the 32 page original. The Heptameron is probably at least a hundred years older than Agrippa, and maybe more. According to Stephen Skinner it owes something to *Picatrix.* And in reading it over again, I tend to agree of Lisiewiski that it is "medieval" in origin. *Ceremonial Magic and the Power of Evocation*, along with Savedow's *Goetic Evocation*, is among the best I've come across. This book is not for everybody--but for a very few romantic Catholics who fit Lisiewski's personal model, it could open Pinhead's Box...If that's what you really want to do.  Nobody who is actually considering doing this sort of work should fail to read it, and anyone studying this sort of work should also read it.   Thabion     