 "Drell Master", by Poke Runyon, Maelstrom Press, 2001 paperback, 395 pages, Illustrated. ...Review by Ed Fitch, posted by the author.  Ever miss the thundering science-fantasy yarns of the 1930s and 1940s, with heroic heroes, lovely princesses, alien creatures, and evil overlords? And maybe some sky pirates and a few magnificent battle scenes thrown in? Well, it's all back again, with even more action than before, in this fast-moving novel by Poke Runyon, himself a many-faceted magician/adventurer.  Poke has brought to vivid life a planet which, centuries after a totally cataclysmic nuclear war, is now a place where ancient weaponry and medieval society exist side-by-side with the little-understood remnants of a lost super-science. It is a world where no one sees anything amiss when high technology and magick coexist.  It is a very three-dimensional world where (thanks to native plants which produce a very buoyant gas) sailing ships ply the skies for commerce, for war and for piracy. (The pirate captain in the story is particularly enjoyable character, drawn out with such roguish completeness that one would be certain that he was copied from life!)  A totally unique feature of "Drell Master", and one which I have not seen before, is the concept of islands and even small continents which drift across the sky in that world's tradewinds, lifted from within by the plants which generate that buoyant gas.  One thing that perhaps always bothered us about those old blood-and-thunder novels, of course, was that although the heroine and many other ladies were often very lightly clad (if at all), the details of the their scanty finery were never discussed. Although the villain was evil personified, thoughts of sex (other than very proper marriage to an unwilling heroine) never seemed to cross his mind.  It's different in this often-erotic adventure story. Sex is ever-present and quite a compelling force on all the major characters just as we had wished that it would be in those old stories! Intriguingly, sex is woven in with magick in a very compelling manner which for one who is familiar with such things is quite interestingly true! (And the sexuality adds quite a lot to the story, to my estimation!)  Then there's the magick. Poke does a very good job of working the arcane arts into being a basic part of the storyline. And the descriptions of the arts magickal (barring a little literary license) are more true than you are likely to find anywhere else! He is a master of the metaphysical, after all, and someone from whom you can learn a lot from this book and most of his others.  The book's illustrations are in the tradition of artwork from "Weird Tales" and other pulps of past decades, always full of action, and often very sexy indeed!  There are appendices which give a glossary of that planet's unique words, a quick sketch of its colorful history, and a never-before-published treasure of a letter by the great Lin Carter, giving his own method for designing entire new worlds their history, literature, and their characters. For the aspiring fantasy and science fiction author this essay itself is worth its weight in well, in any exotic currency!   In summary, "Drell Master" is a marvelous revisiting of classic S-F and fantasy novels from the past though with modern character development, intriguing adult relationships (i.e., lots of sex), concepts to make you think, and scenes that will evoke a "sense of wonder".   And be prepared to wait impatiently for the sequel!... (Ed Fitch is the author of "A Grimoire of Shadows" and "Pagan Rites from The Crystal Well" both available from amazon.com.)     