 Like many fans of the Irish glam-rock band My Little Funhouse, I was first introduced to them on an episode of MTV's Headbanger's Ball eons ago where they performed an acoustic version of "Wishing Well" from their album Standunder. I was perplexed as to why this band was on Headbanger's Ball, since their music doesn't exactly fit into the Heavy Metal genre. I was even more perplexed as to why they were playing "Wishing Well," one of their mellower songs. But something about this band made an impression on me, for no reason other than their music was GOOD. Shortly afterwards I bought Standunder, went home and played it several times, and became hooked. My Little Funhouse quickly disappeared from the face of the Earth, and unfortunately never had a lot of success. But for those of us who have discovered this gem of an album, their music has lived on with the small yet dedicated fanbase they established during their short career.    Standunder is a glam-rock lover's dream come true, filled with instantly-cathy rock songs that envelop the listener with killer guitar riffs, soaring melodies and pounding drums. The production is first-rate, giving the songs that extra edge to bring them to their full dynamic effect. It's polished, but not overproduced. These guys knew what they were doing. The opening track "I Want Some Of That" is a great rocker and sets the mood for the album. It's easily one of the best tracks. "Destiny" follows, another rocker. "Wishing Well" slows down the pace and starts off with a beautiful acoustic intro until the electric guitars come in. This song is pure perfection. The rest of the album contains more hard rocking songs with the exception of "Raintown," another mellow tune. This song has a great guitar solo that reminds me of Slash's first solo on "November Rain." (they thank Guns N' Roses in the liner notes, so one can assume that GNR were an influence). But my favorite song on the album has to be "You Blew It," a non-listed bonus track sandwiched between tracks 5 and 6. It has one of the best choruses I've ever heard. Simply a killer song.     One thing that makes My Little Funhouse unique is Alan Lawlor's vocals, which can best be described as whiny and child-like. I normally would not like a singer with that type of voice, but Alan's voice works so well for the songs that his vocals end up blending in with the music instead of being irritating. It may take a little getting used to his style of singing but give it a chance and you'll eventually appreciate his uniqueness. The rest of the band is top-notch as well, with brothers Brendan and Anthony Morrissey giving the songs a heavy "crunch" while splashing in great melodies on guitar, Gary Deevy churning out some serious heart-thumping bass, and Derek Maher laying the foundation with some mega-great drumming. This band knew how to work together as a unit, and the songs speak for themselves.    Anyone who is more than a casual fan (or even the casual fan who has been itching for more of My Little Funhouse) should know that there are several excellent b-sides floating around out there. The single of "Wishing Well" has a non-album track called "When She Cries" which is a slower rocker and a gem of a song. There's the Addicted EP which as 2 non-album tracks, "Addicted" and "No More Lies," both very cool. And finally, there's the "Destiny"-"L.S.D." single that contains 3 non-album tracks, "Sip and Spit," "B.T.A.B." and "Pink Pills," all heavy rockers. "Pink Pills" is good enough to make your head spin. One can find all of these at eBay, and if you're a My Little Funhouse fan you owe it to yourself to get them. And if you're new to this band, get Standunder and be ready to discover something spectacular.     