 I just finished the novel by Alex Garland as well as seeing this movie adaptation, so I can state an educated opinion that this film falls short of capturing the story that the novel does. There are some minor changes that I can live with, for example, when Francoise jumps off the waterfall first (in the novel Richard jumps off first) and the ending of the movie (the novel's ending would have been too graphic for the movie).   But what is NOT acceptable is the fact that director Danny Boyle follows the trend of typical Hollywood filmmaking and inserts a couple of unecessary sex scenes that don't move the plot in any way whatsoever. The first is with Richard and Francoise. Anyone who has read the novel knows that while they do flirt a little and have some sexual tension between them, they do not hook up. Having them hook up in this film only satisfies the obligatory love sub-plot, which ends up going nowhere. If Boyle at least made it contribute to the story then it might have been justified. But it doesn't. The second example is with Richard and Sal, when they go to the mainland for the Rice Run. Another excuse for a sex scene, which again adds nothing to the plot. Not only do Richard and Sal never have sex in the novel, but Richard goes on the Rice Run with Jed, a vital character who isn't even in this film. But even if we can overlook the absence of Jed, the characters of Francoise and Sal are compromised and cheapened, turning them into cheap sluts, whereas in the novel both are very dedicated to their partners.  But having said all this negativity, this movie adaptation does have its merits. The set location couldn't have been more perfect. This is exactly how I imagined this beach would look like while reading the novel. And in all fairness, it does capture the general "essence" of the novel even if it takes so many liberties with it.  All in all, "The Beach" is probably best enjoyed by those who have not read Alex Garland's book. And for those of you who have read the book and still enjoy this film, more power to you. But many readers like myself will be disappointed with the unecessary changes made which distort both the characters themselves and the plot of the book.     