 It isn't really possible to praise Def Leppard's Hysteria more than what others have already praised it here, but I thought I'd simply tack on another (deservedly) 5-star review. I've always felt that the term "masterpiece" is majorly overused these days when describing an artistic medium, whether it be a movie, painting, album, etc. However, masterpiece (take note: without quotations) is a more than appropriate label for Hysteria. I remember first buying this album back in '87 on cassette shortly after it came out. From the very beginning I was hooked, and to this day it remains one of my all-time favorite albums.   Few albums out there can boast as many #1 chart-topping singles as Hysteria. From the mindless and fun "Pour Some Sugar On Me" to the pensive and somber "Love Bites," this album is filled with just about every human emotion possible. The title track has to be one of the greatest love songs ever written, in any genre of music. IMO only 2 songs could be somewhat classified as filler: "Don't Shoot Shotgun" and "Excitable." And even these are good songs in their own right. The other non-#1 hit songs, "Gods of War," "Run Riot" and "Love and Affection" are all single potential without a doubt. In fact my favorite song on the album is the epic and timeless "Gods of War." It's chillingly ironic how this song captures the sentiments of many people today in 2004 when thinking about the state of the world as it did back in '87.  It seems like many people have issues with Hysteria's production, calling it overproduced. Yes, the sound is glossy and slick, but that only adds to the dynamic and "loud" sound. I rather like it. I don't think these songs would have the same effect with toned-down production. These songs were meant to be stadium epics, packing a punch and demanding the listener's attention. And after all, the 80's was known for shameless over-abundance and taking things to extreme levels. Hysteria takes full advantage of that and never apologizes for it. Condemn this all you want, but there's no denying the greatness of the songs.  Def Leppard would go on to make more great music, and I'm not saying that Hysteria is their only worthy album (Pyromania is also a classic). But there's something magical about Hysteria that places it at the top of their career. Albums like this don't come along every day. A must-have for any fan of music, yound and old alike.   And for the devoted fan, a recommended purchase would be the Japanese import of Slang. It's pricy but contains a bonus disc of an acoustic set Def Leppard did in Singapore. This gig includes "Animal," "Pour Some Sugar On Me" and "Armageddon It." Hearing these songs performed acoustically is one nice treat, and they pull it off superbly. In addition, the British import of "Vault" also contains a bonus disc, this one being a regular live concert where several songs from Hysteria including "Rocket" are performed.     