 It's a well-known fact that most movies these days work by spoon-feeding us the plot, characters and story, not asking us to think about what's going on but rather, simply to entertain us. We enjoy the film and then walk out of the theater going home being thankful that we had the chance to escape reality for a couple of hours. But every once in a while there comes along a movie that asks a little more of us. A movie that asks us to think about what we just saw, what it all meant, and how we can relate to it. "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" is the perfect example of such a movie. It's been a long time since a movie as original and thought-provoking like this has come along.  The plot is rather simple: Joel (Jim Carrey) finds out that his girlfriend Clementine (Kate Winslet) has undergone a process that erased their life together from her mind. Both curious as well as desperate to undergo the same process, Joel seeks out the inventor (Tom Wilkinson) of this memory-erasing device and undergoes the same procedure. But as his memories of Clementine begin to dwindle away, Joel realizes the mistake he and Clementine have made, because what they had together was special.   Having this plot as its foundation, this movie could have easily been just another run-of-the-mill "romantic comedy" filled with cliched laughs and turn of events. However, it's nothing you would ever expect. There really is no way to describe how "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" plays out. One just has to experience it for themselves. One thing is true though: this is not a movie for those with a low attention span, or those who can't appreciate a film that diverges from the formulatic blueprint. I'll admit that I couldn't make sense of the whole thing upon my first viewing. So for most people, this movie will take multiple viewings to fully grasp. But the payoff is worth it, believe me. It's not about the destination, but the journey getting there.   I can't end this review without praising Jim Carrey's performance. This is hands-down his best acting in his career, proving that he's capable of being much more than the rubber-faced, over-the-top screwball character. I hope he makes more movies in the future that allow his true talent to shine. But Jim Carrey isn't the only one who gives a great performance. I was equally impressed with Kate Winslet, who's very charming and likeable as Clementine. She and Carrey have great chemistry together. Who would have thought?   I'll end by saying that "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" is a movie not to be missed, offering something truly special that most movies out there don't have the courage to do. It's a unique type of love story that's a reminder of what's most important in our lives, and that we shouldn't let a good thing go if we have it, despite its imperfections. I've rarely been as moved, entertained and touched as I was by this movie. A highly recommended addition to anyone's movie collection.     