 I've seen the first "Deuce Bigelow" movie at least a few times and I think it works for the most part. I actually wasn't going to see this sequel, but as is the case with coming across a horrible car accident on the freeway, one can't help but have a morbid curiosity and take a peek. So today I gave in and saw "Deuce Bigelow: European Gigolo."   One thing has to be said right away: as crude as the first movie was, it maintained at least *some* dignity by not crossing the line between vulgar comedy and downright offensiveness. But this sequel takes no prisoners and crosses every line that is humanly possible to cross, and then it crosses them again just for good measure. I consider myself as having a very high tolerance for this type of humor, but this HAS to be the most vulgar and tasteless movie I've seen in my life. Absolute bottom-of-the-barrel humor, stooping to the lowest possible denominator, oftentimes using disabled people as the blunt of sadistic jokes. Stinks more than a dozen decomposing bodies left to bake in the Arizona desert smack in the middle of July.   And yet there's something about this movie that works. Don't ask me what it is, because I couldn't tell you in a billion years. Perhaps it's in the delivery. Or maybe the movie is such a trainwreck that one ends up letting their defenses down and goes along for the ride, in an unexplainable masochistic way. One wants to leave the theater and at the same time can't, just like one wants to look away from the bloody carnage of the above-mentioned car accident and yet can't force themselves to do so. I just don't know.   So to wrap up, this movie will offend the following demographic groups the most: -gays -Asians -the elderly (especially those with disabilities)  And it will simply offend the following demographic group: -99.9% of the rest of the population  You have been warned. I actually give this movie 2.5 stars but know that giving it anything more than 2 stars here is nothing short of blasphemy (for those of you who did, you will be sentenced to watch "Howard the Duck" and "Ishtar" 10 consecutive times back-to-back with your eyelids pried open ala "A Clockwork Orange")  One really good thing about this movie though: makes one wanna take a trip to Amsterdam!     