 Almost exactly 20 years after Cyndi Lauper released her She's So Unusual debut album, she's back on the music scene with At Last. One could say that she was really back on the scene with her Shine EP, but that's more of an appetizer rather than the "main course." I admit that I was a little disappointed at first upon hearing that Cyndi's new album would only consist of cover songs rather than original material; I was hoping for a new album that would continue the flow of her Shine EP. But being the long-time devoted Cyndi fan that I am, I made my way to the record store today and bought At Last. I've heard it twice so far and I've already gotten to love Cyndi's interpretations of these songs. I'm not familiar with most of the original versions so I can't make comparisons, but I have no doubt that Cyndi has done these songs a lot of justice. By far my favorite is her rendition of "Unchained Melody," not only because she sings it so well but because it's one of my all-time favorite songs. In the inside booklet Cyndi says that these songs are a tribute to Manhattan, where she grew up and obviously has strong memories of. The whole atmosphere of At Last definitely has a "New Yorkish" feel to it, full of grace, sophistication and beauty. The album photos reflect this too, especially the cover photo that has Cyndi emerging from a manhole in the night wearing an elegant black dress with the Manhattan skyline in the background and a full moon. Very classy indeed. The back photo has her raising her arms in praise while looking at the Statue Of Liberty in the background. These photos are simply stunning and complement the music perfectly. But getting back to the music, I hope the fact that this album is only cover songs will not deter Cyndi fans from buying it. Yes, this album is very different from any of her previous albums and will most likely attract a slightly different demographic population in addition to her long-time fans. But we need to remember that Cyndi is only maturing with her music, and releasing a mellow album doesn't mean that she's "losing her touch." If anything, she's showing her great versatility as a singer and exploring new territory. You won't find songs about "just wanting to have fun" and "she bopping" on this album, but you WILL find songs that speak to you in a much more intimate, personal way. There's certainly nothing wrong with that. So pick up At Last, sit down at night with a glass of wine and candlelight, and let Cyndi take you on this magical and satisfying journey.     