 While I don't think that Warrant was necessarily the greatest hair band ever, they were a solid act that produced some very memorable songs of that time. As with all hair bands, they became obsolete in the early 90's when Nirvana took over the music world and began the Grundge movement. Since then, Warrant has still been putting out albums with a more "modern" sound, to mixed results. But they'll always be remembered most for their three first albums, DRFSR, Cherry Pie, and the often forgotten but very solid Dog Eat Dog.  I've listened to all of their albums (newer ones included) but I always go back to Cherry Pie. In my opinion this is their best album. DRFSR was very good but seemed to be restrained, both in terms of the music and the production. They were just starting out then, and it showed. Don't get me wrong, it's a good album and contains most of their hits. But I just don't think they were at their creative peak during that time. With Cherry Pie, on the other hand, Warrant let themselves loose and showed what they're capable of. The songs are more diverse (musically as well as lyrically) and the production is right on target and lets you really hear the songs to their full capacity.  Don't judge this album by the title track, as it's the only blatant "party" song on the album. In fact the song that directly follows, "Uncle Tom's Cabin," is about death and murder. "I Saw Red" is a very nice and well-written ballad about heartbreak (there's an excellent acoustic version on their Greatest Hits album worth checking out). The rest of the album follows the same tone with more great hard rock songs. The only track I could have done without is "Ode To Tipper Gore" which is basically one long stage banter collage of profanities. I know that this "song" is a statement against censorship, but there are more intelligent ways to get one's message across. Cherry Pie is highly recommended for any Warrant fan or any fan of the hair band era. I don't give it 5 stars because it's not quite worthy of being a classic. But it's definitely a lot of fun to listen to. Don't take it too seriously and enjoy.     