 I remember first watching this movie in High School English class. As expected, many of my classmates were repulsed by it and left that class with a grimaced look on their faces. And I'm sure this reaction is common for many people who see "Freaks" for the first time. But if one puts all prejudices aside and looks at the movie objectively, they will see this film for the great achievement it really is.  "Freaks" is about a group of circus sideshow performers, all of whom are aberrations of some sort. We have the human torso, siamese twins, 2 microcephalics, etc. What they all have in common (besides their oddities) is a life of abuse and exploitation from their owners. Deciding to band together as a unit, they set out to get retribution and some respect. And the final scene is truly unforgettable in its own surreal and tragic way. You will ask yourself, who are the REAL freaks?  As I said, this movie is not for everyone, but not only for the obvious reason. It forces us to look at ourselves and see our own flaws and admit that we have all rejected (and perhaps been on the receiving end of rejection) before. I doubt the movie's message is as cliche and corny as "love thy neighbor and each other," but it's something along those lines. Perhaps the true message is that when people step on those who are different, they're only projecting their own insecurities and fears. But whatever message this movie has, it's a brilliant work of art that pushes the envelope and deals with a subject that few are comfortable looking at head-on. For that reason alone it should be seen at least once, and hopefully purchased.  Finally, it's great that Warner Brothers has released this gem on DVD. I'm very impressed with the sound and audio quality. Bonus material is quite substantial considering how old this movie is. Among the features is an informative commentary by David Skal and 3 alternate endings. These other endings aren't as effective as the original IMO but are still interesting to see for novelty's sake. The only minor complaint I have is the absence of a chapter search card inside the DVD case, or at least some kind of booklet. I don't know, it makes the overall DVD presentation seem incomplete. But other than that it's a superb DVD. Give this movie a chance. Once the shock value wears off you'll appreciate its true meaning.     