 First off, I have to list the things I did not like about this remake:  1) Too long. Peter Jackson seemed to have his brain on "Lord of the Rings" mode when making this. Either the editor was bribed or somehow forced to neglect his job, because many scenes should have been cut (they would make for some interesting deleted scenes though). Case in point: the romance between Adrien Brody and Naomi Watts. Was there a purpose to it? No. I don't mind a long movie, but I do mind pointless screen time.  2) Jack Black. Sorry Jack, you were miscast. Peter Jackson said in a recent interview that he casted Black mainly because his children are a fan of Black's. That's all cute and fuzzy, but what about the rest of us who have to witness him in the role? I like Jack Black actually, but he was way over his head here.   3) Peter Jackson resorts to a lot of cliche. Group of cast members are able to escape being flattened to pancakes when having a marathon race with a bunch of dinosaurs. Young inexperienced rebellious castaway sneaks into the group after being told by tough-as-nails superior to stay away. Minor character is killed right away by island inhabitant yet major protagonist is saved at the last second from the same fate. Etc.  4) A plot hole big enough for Kong himself to jump through: how did they get Kong back to New York? As bad as the 1976 version was, at least they explained how Kong was transported back. So I guess in this version Kong was forced to swim to New York City at gunpoint. Or does Peter Jackson expect us to believe that they used that hunk o' junk ship to take him back?  5) Some scenes are insulting to the viewer's intelligence. Case in point, when tons of bugs are shot off Adrien Brody by a punk who's probably holding a machine gun for the first time in his life. Brody should have looked like a spaghetti strainer, but no, not one single shot! A suspension of disbelief is required for this type of movie, but this is laying it on just a little too thick.  What I liked about the movie: Everything else. Enough to give it 4/5 and purchase the DVD. And I didn't even mind the Central Park ice skating scene.  Naomi Watts carries the film and proves (yet again) that she's one of the top actresses we have. Fay Wray's shoes were hard to fill but she did it.     