 Last week I received a free sample of a Schick Quattro razor in the mail. I've been using Gillette shaving products ever since I got my first little fuzzy wuzzy peach fuzz when I was a teenager up until my now manly, thick facial hair. That's a lot of years, and Gillette has never let me down. But onto the Schick Quattro. I had heard an overwhelming amount of bad experiences with this, but always willing to give something a chance, I tried the Quattro out a couple of times. All I can say is that I'm sure glad it was free, because if not, I would have tried to get my money back. I completely agree with all the other bad reviews here, and I'm glad most people see this for the marketing gimmick it really is.  Where to start? For one, the addition of an extra blade makes the head quite large. Perhaps this might come in handy when shaving the easier areas, but shaving the hard-to-get areas (ie: right under the nose) is a chore. I had to shave that area with my faithful Gillette Custom Plus Razor. And the handle is another problem; it's just too thick to offer a very comfortable grip. Two, I got *more* irritation from the Quattro than any other razor I've ever used. Yeah, it shaves close, but so do other (better) razors. The only good thing I can say about the Quattro is that I got hardly any nicks from using it, although I might have gotten a lot more if I had actually persisted in trying to shave the hard-to-get-to areas with it.  Bottom line: this razor is as effective as a car without tires. Don't be fooled by the "ooohh, it has 4 blades" fad. More isn't always better. 2 punches in the gut is more than 1 punch in the gut, but does that mean you would rather have 2? Stick with Gillette folks. For the best value (especially if you can buy them wholesale), the Gillette Custom Plus Pivot is the way to go. It's 2 blades get the job done fine, with LESS irritation. For those who want an extra-quality shave, and who are willing to pay the extra $$$, there's always the Mach 3 Turbo or G3. But please, leave this inferior Schick product in the dust.     