 Like many fans of "The Matrix" saga, I was disappointed the first time I saw "Revolutions" and I only gave it 3 stars in my first review here. But after seeing it again in the theaters and yet again now on DVD my opinion has changed. I think this final installment is in fact a satisfying conclusion. I'm not saying that it's perfect; there are still some thing which I think could have been done differently and I still think the ending could have been more than what it was. But on the other hand, did we really expect it to end in a much different way than it did? Many complaints about the ending here say that it's too "Hollywood." Well, have we forgotten that this IS a Hollywood production? I think many people were expecting "Revolutions" to be a lot better than "Reloaded" and maybe this is another reason for the large percentage of those who didn't like it. But remember that "Reloaded" and "Revolutions" are actually only one movie, literally cut in half. So those who were disappointed with "Reloaded" in actuality shouldn't have thought that they would like "Revolutions" any better. It's things like these which have caused me to rethink my opinion of "Revolutions."  Now to the DVD itself. It pretty much follows the same layout as "Reloaded" in terms of the interactive menus, etc. But the actual bonus content is MUCH better than what "Reloaded" offered, at least in my opinion. The bonus materials of "Reloaded" were adequate but seemed a little rushed and disjointed. But "Revolutions" offers some excellent goodies to the ones who want to see what happens behind the scenes. Although I have some idea of how a movie is made, I was completely blown away with the behind-the-scenes footage on the making of the special effects (not only the CGI) and the painstaking work that was involved in making this movie (again, not only in terms of CGI). For example, it shows how they created all the Agent Smith clones using dummies and a rubber mold taken from Hugo Weaving's head. Seeing all this behind-the-scenes features has given me an even greater respect for the special effects (which you must admit are in fact spectacular, whether you liked or disliked the movie). Another great bonus feature is an in-depth look at the Super Burly Brawl. It lets you view it from 3 different perspectives in order to see exactly how it was filmed. All in all, this is definitely a DVD worth buying. Yes, I know about the inevitable box set trilogy that will have tons more bonus material, deleted scenes, etc. But for now these individual releases offer more than enough to satisfy the everyday fan.     