 While I've always thought that Adam Sandler's best work was in his "Saturday Night Live" appearances, his movies can be very funny and entertaining as well. Out of all the ones I've seen with him, "Little Nicky" remains my favorite. I think those who despise this movie might have had their expectations too high. Let's face it, a movie with Adam Sandler won't win any Academy Award. But sometimes we just want to put our brains on neutral and watch a mindless flick. "Little Nicky" fits the bill perfectly. Sandler plays one of three brothers, all sons of the devil. When his two siblings escape from Hell and start causing a commotion on Earth, Sandler is sent to try to fix things up.  I can't really put my finger on what exactly makes this movie work, but perhaps it's the way the humor is delivered. Often crude, moronic and tasteless perhaps, and it certainly won't be everyone's cup of tea, but take it for what it is. Not every joke works but those that do provide some very funny moments. The special effects are quite well done, adding to the gags and emphasizing them in an even more silly fashion. There are also many cameos, among them Harvey Keitel, Rodney Dangerfield, Reese Witherspoon and Ozzy Osbourne. While each has a somewhat limited screen time, they all add their own unique humor to the movie. Sandler's speech impediment can get a little irritating and doesn't really serve a purpose nor does it contribute to the movie's plot, but that eventually gets lost in the midst of all the funny stuff going on. Another cool thing worth mentioning is the great interactive menus. You'll have a lot of fun surfing through the different options, although it does get a little old after a few times. The bonus features are also noteworthy. There are deleted scenes, two commentaries, P.O.D.'s music video and other goodies. For those of you who have a DVD drive on your computer, there's some exclusive DVD-Rom features. This disc is definitely loaded. All in all a recommended purchase for any Adam Sandler fan.     