 I must confess that, until recently, I fell into the category of people who mainly knew Til Tuesday's music by their hit song "Voices Carry" and a few other songs including "Coming Up Close." I also own their second album Welcome Home and I'm familiar with a lot of Aimee Mann's solo work as well. I even met her last year at an autograph signing. So I almost feel ashamed that I never heard of Everything's Different Now until recently when I came across these reviews. After reading all the glowing praises I felt compelled to pick myself up a copy, and after several listens of the entire album I'm absolutely hooked! I can't understand how this album didn't get the recognition and promotion it deserved. Perhaps the greatest tragedy is that many casual fans of Til Tuesday will continue to not know about this album and judge their merits as a band based on their more well-known work (which is certainly good in its own right but doesn't come close to being as good as this superb album). Everything's Different Now has become among the very few albums I own in which I can say that I love every song. My personal favorites are "Rip In Heaven," "Why Must I," "Long Gone (Buddy)" and "Crash And Burn." But every song is catchy and filled with oustanding melodies and harmonies. The music just "fits" together so well and the consistency flows so smoothly from one song to another. Upon the very first listen one can tell that a lot of thought and effort was put into this album. I suppose some might be put off a little by the main theme of loss and breakup, but the way the music comes across is far from dreary or depressing. In fact one could say that this album will make you feel good, not only because the music is so great but because it offers an outlet for themes that most of us can relate to in some form. So if you're a fan of Til Tuesday and/or Aimee Mann, or if you're just a fan of great music for that matter, you owe it to yourself to get this album. It's mature, well presented, has great lyrics, and is basically a fantastic listen. Most highly recommended     