 Whatever Bill Murray touches turns to gold, so it's no surprise that "Broken Flowers" ends up being a highly watchable film despite its flaws, slow pace and unconventional "indy" feel that might otherwise make the average moviegoer stay away. I had to hunt high and low to find a theater playing this movie, but it was worth the effort.  I won't rehash the plot again but simply comment on some things I found good (and bad) about the film overall. While a little far-fetched, the plot is interesting and sets up a perfect blend for comedy and drama. Although Bill Murray's former relationships with the 4 women he tracks down are never developed, it was funny to see him in one awkward situation after another. His first encounter is by far the most "productive" when he gets to see Alexis Dziena parade buck naked in front of him and then hits the sheets with Sharon Stone. Not bad for one day's efforts, eh? His next 2 encounters are a little dull but the final one with Tilda Swinton is easily the worst, not only because poor Bill gets beat up, but because Tilda Swinton is given a whopping 2 minutes of screen time, if that. Tilda should have demanded more. But that's ok...I have my own Tilda Swinton DVD library at home and can always fall back on that. I'm also a little bummed that Julie Delpy had little screen time too, but I can forgive that.  I agree with other reviewers who said that this movie spends too much time showing Bill Murray driving, or sitting, or staring at his food, or whatever. I know, it's all part of the "indy movie" experience. But it does get a little old after a while. But on the bright side, those are the only slow-paced scenes that make this movie's slow pace *seem* slow-paced.   My only real complaint lies in the (seemingly) cheap and just-too-convenient plot coincidences all having to do with the color pink. One of Bill Murray's former girlfriends just happens to use pink business cards. Bill later just happens to come across a pink typewriter next to a pink-colored motorcycle seat. Later, he comes across a young man who may or may not be his son who just happens to have a pink ribbon tied on his backpack. Is the movie trying too hard to tell us something here?   Finally, the end of the film (no spoilers ahead). It ends the way you would expect it to, if you pay attention during the movie. Sort of reminded me of the ending in "Cast Away." So what happens to our protagonist now? Well, that's up to the viewer to decide for themselves. Some say endings like this are a cop-out, whereas others see it as appropriate. IMO it depends on the build-up, and it works here.   All in all, a nice film that surely has many hidden meanings that will get clearer with repeated viewings for those inclined. In all honesty I give "Broken Flowers" 3 to 3.5 stars but will make it a solid 4 because Bill Murray is just so darn COOL.   Do NOT put your brain on neutral and enjoy.     