 After months and months of pushing back the release date, Christina Aguilera's "Stripped: Live in the U.K." DVD has finally hit store shelves. And let me tell you, it was worth the wait, and then some. Absolutely GREAT concert. Christina has proved time and time again that she has GENUINE talent, and a beautiful singing voice. And she's also able to put on a great live show, which in a way is the true test of an artist's ability.  Perhaps others have already given the track listing, but here it is again: Stripped Intro Part 1, Dirrty, Get Mine (Get Yours), The Voice Within, Genie In A Bottle, Can't Hold Us Down, Contigo En La Distancia/Falsas Esperanzas, Infatuation, Come On Over, Cruz, Loving Me 4 Me, Impossible, At Last, Lady Marmalade, Walk Away, Fighter, Stripped Intro Part 2, What A Girl Wants, Beautiful.   Any fan of Christina will not be disappointed with this set. I've seen her live, and I can tell you that this concert captures all her energy and charisma perfectly. Both sound and picture quality is top-notch. It's the next best thing to being there in person. And oh yeah, Christina looks as beautiful as ever.  This DVD also offers some excellent bonus materials:  -Interview with Christina about the Stripped album, tour and her life in general. Very informative stuff, although nothing really too new. But hey, just seeing Christina is a treat in and of itself.  -A great overview of her crew, dancers, etc. It's good to see these other talented artists given some time in the spotlight. After all, no concert would be possible without those who support and provide back-up.  -A tour of Christina's tour bus with her back-up singer Gilberto Saldivar. This is my least favorite bonus segment, but again, I won't complain about seeing more of Christina. :)  -"One Night In Milano," where Christina meets with Donatella Versace in Milan. This is actually quite cool, a great way to see what Milan looks like.  -"RSVP," a question-and-answer section with Christina and some fans. Not bad at all.  Bottom line: If you're a fan of Christina, you have no excuse not to get this DVD.      