 Anyone who talks about movies from the 80's will surely mention "The Breakfast Club" as being one of the most popular films of that decade. Although a little dated in some ways, it has certainly stood the test of time and remains a truly well made movie. The plot is simple: a nerd (Anthony Michael Hall), a popular snooty princess (Molly Ringwald), a basketcase (Ally Sheedy), a jock (Emilio Estevez) and a rebel outcast (Judd Nelson) are all forced to sit together for a day of detention for offenses they committed. Inevitably, they can't stand each other at first and begin bickering amongst themselves, throwing out insults left and right and making it clear that neither one of them wants to be in the presence of each other. But as the hours pass by, their bickering forces themselves to reveal the painful truths about their personal lives and open up to each other. Eventually, they all realize that each one of them has their own imperfections and the images they've created for themselves are nothing more than masks to hide their flaws. What was originally a regular everyday detension session turns into a group therapy meeting, although not without a lot of pain, tears and making oneself vulnerable. By the end of the day they all walk out of the school changed people, seeing the world in a whole new light. Ironically, they end up being set free by being held prisoners. What makes "The Breakfast Club" work so well is not only the actors' performances but also the great script. When a movie takes place in only one setting (as is the case here) the script must carry it, otherwise it has nothing to go by. Whereas other movies might have breathtaking cinematography, non-stop action or dazzling special effects to make it appealing, "The Breakfast Club" only has 5 people confined together in one space. Therefore dialog is crucial. And it delivers in that regard.  This isn't to say that "The Breakfast Club" is perfect. While the movie has aged well, some scenes haven't. For example, when they're all dancing to the music. That scene has "80's MTV music video" written all over it. I also think the 4 characters hooking up at the end was too implausible, especially Judd Nelson and Molly Ringwald. But these are only minor flaws. Bottom line: I would urge any fan of quality movies to buy "The Breakfast Club." Unfortunately this new DVD edition isn't much improvement from the previous one, which is a huge shame. But when a movie is as good as "The Breakfast Club," just owning it is good enough regardless of how many bonus features the DVD has.     