 Some potential spoilers ahead: After reading "Song of Susannah" I've come to the conclusion that this 6th installment in "The Dark Tower" series should be seen more as a set-up for the final volume rather than judged as a novel in and of itself. Of course, this is the case for every "Dark Tower" book in essence. But "Song of Susannah" is even more so. Look at it as a "bridge" that links all the events of the past 5 volumes to the grand epic conclusion and you will not be disappointed. I get the impression that those who did not like this book were expecting another "Wastelands" or at least another fast-moving installment. "Song of Susannah" is not that. But that doesn't make it a bad read. Actually just the opposite: I read it with just as much anticipation and excitement as I did the other installments, not so much for the action but rather, to find out more about the mysteries of the Dark Tower. In this sense "Song of Susannah" delivers. But don't think that this book lacks action. The shootout between Roland and Eddie and Jack Andolini's goons is worth the price of admission alone, and is easily one of the most action-packed and thrilling segments out of all the "Dark Tower" novels. It's loads better than the battle with the Wolves from the last installment. Of course, a very large part of the book focuses on Susannah's "situation" with the demon child she's carrying in her womb. We get to learn the exact purpose of her pregnancy through dialogue with Mia. And what Susannah learns is something which I can freely admit I never saw coming.  Inevitably, there has been a very mixed reaction to King including himself in this book. I'm still not really sure where I stand on this. I don't necessarily have a problem with him doing so, and I found the way he did it to be rather clever. But I don't know, for me it somewhat took away from the whole "mystique" element of this saga. It just seems out of place for some reason. Then again, King could very well tie things together in the final book and make more sense out of it. I suppose we should wait to see where he's going with this until we make a final judgement about his decision to include himself. To sum up, "Song of Susannah" is definitely a worthwhile continuation in "The Dark Tower" saga. I don't give it the full 5 stars only because that praise will (hopefully) be more appropriate for the final book, which I'm sure will be one amazing ride. As I said previously, look at "Song of Susannah" more as a connecting piece to the final installment rather than as a novel by itself. And keep this in mind as you read it; things will fall into place better that way.     