 I generally tend to avoid "acoustic" albums that feature an artist's rendition of their own previous songs, but since I know that Cyndi Lauper can do no wrong, I have to make an exception for her. And I'm sure glad I bought The Body Acoustic, because yet again, she delivers. I really like this collection of songs from her catalog being given a makeover although I have to say that the first half of the disc is better than the second, hence my deduction of one star. I also think that with the exception of Sarah McLachlan, the guest artists here don't add that much to the album.   It starts out with a bang with "Money Changes Everything," where Cyndi makes an extra effort to sing in her trademark girlish voice. Definitely one of the winners on the album. And I'll admit that Adam Lazzara's vocals during the choruses compliment Cyndi's. "All Through the Night" isn't as strong, mainly due to Shaggy's out-of-place singing style. But I really like the guitar work. Next is "Time After Time," worth the price of admission alone and THE reason to buy this album. It starts off with Cyndi playing the chords on her dulcimer; absolutely beautiful. And Sarah McLachlan's smooth and sensuous voice blends into the song with ease. Sarah and Cyndi make this song as good as the original, and I never thought that could be possible. "She Bop" sounds nothing like the original, but I like this version. Cyndi has given it a completely new feel, and it works. "Above the Clouds" is a dreamy ballad with some nice guitar work by Jeff Beck. Not as fancy as his usual stuff but adequate. "I'll Be Your River" is where the album begins to somewhat lose steam IMO although it's a good song in its own right. "Sisters Of Avalon" follows, with some nice guitar work. "Shine" unfortunately lacks the energy and vibe of the original. This one didn't work for me. "True Colors" is nice but the original was all acoustic to begin with, and Cyndi doesn't do anything new with this version. A little disappointing. Same thing goes for "Water's Edge." How can you do an acoustic version of an acoustic song? But Sarah McLachlan works her magic again and this song somewhat redeems the second half of the disc. "Fearless" is also quite good. Finally, this version of "Girls Just Want To Have Fun" is the only track on this album that can be called a dud (sorry Cyndi). No wonder it's the last track.   There is one HUGE disappointment I have with this album and I'm sure at least some other Cyndi fans share it too...the exclusion of "I Drove All Night." Why, OH WHY, did Cyndi choose not to do an acoustic version of this awesome song? Not only is "I Drove All Night" one of her biggest hits but it's a fan-favorite. To me, this album is incomplete without it. This song would sound SO cool unplugged.   All in all, The Body Acoustic is a recommended purchase, although mainly for devoted Cyndi Lauper fans. Casual fans might want to wait until Cyndi releases a new album of original songs, hopefully still with Sony/Epic. I find it a little odd that Cyndi's two "comeback" albums on Sony/Epic so far have been of covers (At Last) and now an acoustic set. After all, the full-lenght Shine album is only available on a pricy import. I think Cyndi's *real* comeback album is still yet to come, and when it does, the powers-that-be at Sony will hopefully realize the mistake they made by letting her go in the 90's.     