 As much as it pains me to give anything by Cyndi Lauper less than five stars, I feel that I have no choice but to do that here, with the purpose of letting you know exactly what you're really buying and what to expect should you decide to order it. I'll begin by saying that I own both the VHS and DVD versions of "12 Deadly Cyns...And Then Some." This collection of videos is phenominal, and a must-have for any Cyndi Lauper fan. However, my opinion is that one should first know the shortcomings of this DVD before making the decision to purchase it. The sound quality is very good, I would say better than the VHS version. But I can't say the same for the image quality. As with the VHS, it's grainy and simply isn't up to par with the image quality that DVD's are supposed to have.  The extra features leave much to be desired. Granted, one huge plus of this DVD is the (obvious) ability to select which video you want to see with the click of a button. That is certainly great. But I wasn't impressed with the other "bonus" features at all. There are subtitles, which I suppose can be useful to see the lyrics of the songs. But all in all, unecessary. There is a brief biography of Cyndi Lauper which looks like it was written by someone who did a 15-minute research of her on the Web and then threw some bits and pieces together. You can find biographies 20 times better than that by visiting any fan page or her official Web site. There's also a discography. Big whoop. And then there's the packaging. While not the worst out there, it won't take your breath away either. Get this: the inside booklet is nothing more than a list of other DVD titles available. All I ever needed. Note to Sony: I bought this DVD because I wanted to see Cyndi Lauper, not an advertisement for a bunch of other DVD's that I'll never have the slightest interest in owning as long as I live.  To conclude, I would strongly suggest considering all the pros and cons (which there are both) of this DVD before buying it. If cost is not an issue for you and if you don't mind pointless bonus features, by all means get this. I did, and I don't regret it in spite of its downfalls. But if you want to save your money, know that you won't be missing out on very much if you get the VHS version.     