 Cyndi Lauper's debut album, She's So Unusual, is without a doubt a truly classic album from the 80's that continues to please fans of hers (and music lovers in general) to today. Cyndi enjoyed much deserved success with this debut album. As fate would have it, she began to lose some fans as soon as her sophmore album True Colors was released...many were disappointed that "the girl who just wanted to have fun" was branching out musically and gradually changing from that carefree wild spirit to a more adult-contemporary artist. This got more and more noticeable as Cyndi released her next studio albums, as is evidenced by lower sales, less airplay and decreased publicity (especially in the 90's). Still, Cyndi kept more than plenty of fans who have followed her all the way to the present and recognize that she is indeed a gifted musician and great entertainer worthy of praise. To me, what makes She's So Unusual such a classic is that it's so darn catchy, filled with smash hits that never get old no matter how many times you hear them. I mean come on, "Girls Just Want To Have Fun" is its own solar system in the 80's universe. You must be one stiff person if that song doesn't make you feel good instantly. There's "Money Changes Everything," another catchy tune with a very true message underneath it all. "When You Were Mine" is an excellent cover of Prince's tune. I'm not one for cover songs but this is definitely an exception. "She Bop" will come across as controversial to some but its overall theme is a humorous one. "All Through The Night" has a dreamy feel to it and flows nicely. And of course there's "Time After Time," in my opinion the best song Cyndi has in her catalog. I saw her perform it live acoustically a few months ago and she sang it as if she wrote it yesterday. I have a feeling that this song means the most to her, and many fans I know get the same impression. A truly timeless song that hits all kind of nerves, in a good way. The only minor "issue" I have with She's So Unusual is that it loses steam after track 6. I've listened to them more times than I can count, but "Witness," "I'll Kiss You," "He's So Unusual" and "Yeah Yeah" don't do much for me. Maybe it's because I can't help comparing them to the awesome 6 songs that precede them. In any event, I consider these 4 last songs to be filler. If Cyndi had swapped them for 4 songs of the same caliber as the others - with her talent she could have easily done that - the album would have been perfect, or at least as close to perfection as possible. But oh well, maybe that's just my own quirk. This minor thing certainly doesn't make She's So Unusual any less classic. Even if you already own the older pressing of this album I would still highly recommend buying this newer edition. For one, the songs have been remastered. There are several great photos of Cyndi that were not in the older versions. There is a brief essay that doesn't reveal anything that new but is an interesting read. And this edition contains 3 bonus tracks, live versions of "Money Changes Everything," "She Bop" and "All Through The Night." A live version of "Time After Time" would have been the icing on the cake, but these few live tracks are enjoyable. What's more to say? No 80's music collection is complete without She's So Unusual. A must-have. The 80's may be long gone, but it's albums like this that serve as a reminder of how great and fun the music of that decade was.     