 "The Cell" is one weird movie, to put it simply. There's no real way to describe it to someone who hasn't seen it. This is one of those movies which one must experience for themselves and then make up their own mind as to its merits. Some will definitely find it repulsive, others may find it just too bizarre, while others (like myself) will find it intriguing. This is not for the close-minded, or those who don't like anything that deviates from the "norm."   Jennifer Lopez stars in the lead role as Catherine Deane, a psychologist asked by FBI agent Peter Novak (Vince Vaughan) to help locate the latest victim of demented serial killer Carl Stargher (played chillingly by Vincent D'Onofrio). Carl has been captured, but having entered a coma, is unable to be interrogated and questioned. Willing to help, Catherine gets put into some strange-looking body suit device along with Carl in order to "enter" his psychotic mind and hopefully obtain clues about the victim, who is thought to still be alive.   Inside the mind of Carl Stargher is where "The Cell" becomes a warped and twisted visual feast. Trust me, there is nothing out there quite like it. Catherine's journey through the mind of Carl is what makes this movie so unique, even if it may have some influences from Dali and others. You won't see visual effects like this anywhere else. It's surreal, grotesque and morbid, but brilliantly filmed and executed.  Unfortunately, "The Cell" lacks a good script, and the plot cannot escape the feeling of being recycled from other thrillers. This takes away from the overall impact of the movie as a whole. Jennifer Lopez's acting is more than adequate, proving that she's able to turn in a good performance with the right director. I'm ambivalent about Vince Vaughan but I suppose he is adequate too in his role. But Vincent D'Onofrio is the real star here. He's genuinely creepy in his role, and makes a very believable psycopath.  All in all, "The Cell" works as a movie that offers originality and mind-boggling visuals. It could have been a truly great movie if more was invested in its plot and script. However, the visuals alone make it worth seeing. A guilty pleasure without a doubt. Not for everyone, but a treat for those willing to give it a chance. The DVD presentation is magnificent, with rich and striking colors. Bonus material is good. A recommended purchase.     