 Sad to say, this is the first Steven Spielberg movie that I've come out of the theater feeling disappointed with. The trailer looked so promising that one logically assumed that the rest of the film would be just as good. Not the case here. This movie should have been titled "Tom Cruise's relationship with his 2 children, with a minor subplot involving some alien spaceships trying to destroy mankind." But that wouldn't bring in the big bucks, now would it?  This movie feels like a rough draft of a better, more cohesive movie. The best words I can think of to describe it are flat, uninspiring and oftentimes, downright dull. So much time is spent on Tom and Dakota hiding in basements that one actually forgets that this movie is about aliens attacking. And when the action finally gets going, we simply don't care. In fact one scene shows the alien tripods firing their weapons from a large distance away. How are we, the audience, supposed to get involved in it? And towards the end it shows the city of Boston demolished, and yet we never get to see it. We're only shown the aftermath. Another rip-off. The only worthwhile action sequence was the first one, when the aliens appear out of the ground and begin vaporizing people and cleaning house. This scene is worth the price of admission. If only the other action scenes were as good. Not that I'm one of those moviegoers who can only like a movie if it has non-stop action. I appreciate a good plot to go along with it. But "War of the Worlds" only offers a paper-thin plot.  In terms of acting, no standout performances here. Tom Cruise is Tom Cruise...adequate, but nothing extraordinary. Dakota Fanning, whom I've liked in other movies, is simply annoying here. Most of her "acting" consists of screaming, crying, and staring bug-eyed into the camera. Tim Robbins steals the show although he is wasted. It makes me wonder what this movie would have been like if he had taken on the lead role.  Oh yeah, and let's not forget about the cliches. Case in point, when Cruise is constantly able to walk away from disasters completely unharmed while almost everyone else is killed. The worst cliche for me came when the snake-like alien device was searching for humans in the basement. I was thinking to myself, "any second now Dakota Fanning is going to knock over a tin can or make another mistake and cause the alien to turn back and look for them again." Sure enough, that's exactly what happened.   I could go on but I won't. This movie was simply a let-down. It's the equivalent of seeing a nice tall cold glass of soda on a hot summer day, gulping it, only to discover that it's been sitting for days and is flat. But you can't spit it out since you've already swallowed it.   If you must see a movie with a Cruise/Spielberg collaboration, watch "Minority Report" instead. While it has its flaws, it offers a much more compelling story.      