 "The Devil's Advocate" stars Keanu Reeves as Kevin Lomax, a hot-shot Florida attorney with a slick not-one-hair-out-of-place haircut to match. He has everything going for him, including a gorgeous wife, Mary Ann (Charlize Theron). Things couldn't be better...that is, until Kevin is offered a dream job in a prestigious New York law firm. Not missing the opportunity, he and Mary Ann relocate to NY and start a new life there. He soon meets his boss, John Milton (Al Pacino), the head honcho of the law firm. But what Kevin doesn't know is that John is the Devil in disguise, and will sell his soul to him even before he knows he's done so. How does John do it? Simply, by offering Kevin the 3 most basic human desires (even if we might not always admit it to ourselves) - sex, power and money. Kevin soon realizes what he's done and how it has affected his and Mary Ann's life, but it's too late.  I really don't understand the people who bash this movie. I think it's one of the best thrillers to come out in recent times, with solid performances from everyone, yes, including Keanu Reeves (gasp!). Ok, so he's not the greatest actor in the world. But we gotta cut him some slack here...can ANY actor take the spotlight when working with Al Pacino? I doubt it. Reeves manages to pull off his role quite well, and I would argue without hesitation that this movie is one of his best. Charlize Theron does a fantastic job as Mary Ann, and I won't complain about her nude scene one bit. She's simply beautiful, even when she becomes mentally ill and enters the hospital, having no makeup on and looking like she spent the last 4 hours crying her eyes out. They should have known that it's impossible to make her look unattractive. Just can't happen, you silly film-makers! And of course Al Pacino. He's just perfect as the Devil, even if somewhat over-the-top in a few scenes.  Anyone looking for a cool, slick and enjoyable horror movie should check out "The Devil's Advocate." The DVD offers a great commentary by director Taylor Hackford, tons of deleted scenes, trailers, TV spots and production notes. You can't go wrong.     