 While my favorite Dark Tower book is currently "The Wastelands," I found "Wolves of the Calla" to be a highly enjoyable and page-turning continuation of the saga. It definitely has the same mystique and follows in pretty much the same style as the other previous installments. Put another way, if you enjoyed the other Dark Tower novels until now, you will no doubt enjoy "Wolves of the Calla." I won't rehash the plot but rather, simply give my two cents as to what I liked and didn't like: -King really develops Jake's character and makes him into a believable hero despite his young age. We can really see the change he goes through, from the naive and innocent little boy to the mature, wiser-than-his-years gunslinger he becomes, although not necessarily by choice. -Susannah's character also gets more developed in the sense that her role in finding the Dark Tower becomes clearer. And it seems that her role will have an even greater impact than we know, as is suggested by the title of the upcoming sixth novel, "Song of Susannah." -I found Father Pere Callahan to be quite an engaging new character, a great way to "spice up" the saga. -The battle with the Wolves, which I found somewhat disappointing and rather cliched. We have the obligatory plot twist before it even begins when Frank Tavery breaks his ankle, just for some added suspense. Nothing wrong with that, but it's nothing new. Then the battle begins. It's certainly exciting but little more than that. None of the ka-tet even gets a scratch, but of course we have the obligatory sacrificial death of 2 members of the Folken. King sets us up throughout the novel to think that the Wolves are some sort of almost-unstopable creatures, and yet they pretty much get their ass*s kicked in very little time. What was all the fuss about really? King could have done a LOT more with this showdown against the Wolves. It starts off great but quickily turns into a by-the-numbers battle. Sort of like the battle in "Wizard of Glass" where young Roland & Co. clean house and make the bad guys look like fools when that totally contradicts what King set them up to be. But my disappointment with the battle with the Wolves is my only gripe with "Wolves of the Calla," hence why I didn't deduct more than 1 star. I would highly recommend this fifth installment to any fan of the Dark Tower series or Stephen King in general (although you would be doing yourself a huge disservice by skipping the previous 4 novels and beginning with this one, something that I've seen some people do). As another reviewer has mentioned, a mediocre King tale is still loads better than other novels, and I would agree. I along with all the other Dark Tower fans eagerly await the final 2 installments.     