 Dr. Keith Mathison has produced an excellent followup to his last excellent work, the Shape of Sola Scriptura.  Like that work, this book is concerned with recovering the richness of doctrine from the Reformation.  Here, the author is recovering, defending, and defining Calvin's view of the Eucharist.  Calvin's view involves the Real Presence of Christ in the Lord's Supper.  Since he doesn't fall into transubstantiation Roman Catholics will think he denies the Real Presence.  Since most Protestants (including the Reformed) deny any sort of Real Presence, this will seem weird at best, Romish at worst. This book fits into a general category I would call "the catholic Reformed" movement.  There is a significant and growing number of people who are Reformed but at the same time more broadly catholic. In other words, they are connected to and give consideration to the church prior to the Reformation.  Also, the catholic Reformed (and some others) have views closer to the original Reformers than many modern Reformed, although these two groups still share a lot in common.  There are a variety of reasons for this, but this book cannot be understood apart from this context. This book is written primarily for those who are Reformed, so all can recover the richness of Calvin's doctrine.  Almost immediately into the book, Dr. Matthison covers the original Reformed Eucharistic beliefs and how a divergence from those beliefs came about.  If you are not Reformed, would you care about this? Probably not.  If you are arguing about fidelity to the Westminster Confessions, etc., this matters.   Dr. Matthison then goes on to give a biblical defense of his position.  He also critiques other views.  He gives a wonderful, but short, critique of the Roman Catholic position.  He also wonderfully highlights the significance of the Passover meal in a way that supports his position.  In the appendix he covers Eucharistic views from the Didache to Aquinas, and that section is most helpful and useful. Lastly, Dr. Mathison covers controversial practical issues like the use of wine and padeocommunion.   If you are Reformed, this book is a must.  If you want to understand the Lord's Supper better, it is also a must.  This book will be useful in general.  This book is a gift and should be read and bought.     