 If look up from the trees (the specific issues each chapter deals with) and you look to the forrest, this book was brilliantly done.  Strobel is following the same basic outline as "More Than a Carpenter," although I believe this book is better than that old standard.  The progression of the book is like Panzer divisions sweeping across France swiftly.   First, Strobel establishes the general trustworthiness of Scripture.  This is really easy to establish, given archeology and the great manuscript evidence the Bible has going for it.  (Not to mention the attestation of early church fathers which Strobel didn't mention.)  Once this point is established, it is game, set, match.  Strobel very clearly in his first section establishes the fact of the general reliability of Scripture. In the second section, Strobel deals with objections and questions regarding the person of Jesus.  He has a wonderful chapter with a Messianic Jew that dealves into fulfilled prophecy like Isaiah 53. The third section is extremely strong as well.  It argues for the Resurrection of Jesus.  Simply put, there is no plausible naturalistic scenario that accounts for all of the facts surrounding the Resurrection.  You can establish that Jesus died, that the tomb was empty, and that his followers claimed to see Him and honestly believed they saw, ate, and talked with a Resurrected Jesus.  Only an anti-supernatural bias or wish-projection is available to explain the Resurrection away. This is a really strong book.  I will echo the other reviewers.  It is introductory.  Conceivably, some of the chapters could have been argued better, but they were all argued very well.  That's just nitpicking.  This book is better than his follow-up the Case for Faith, but that book is highly recommended as well.  TCFC has the advantage of having a unified progression.  First, you establish Scripture.  Second, establish the person of Christ as historical and deal with objections.  Third, end with the Resurrection.  You can establish the reality of Christ with just the first one or third one by itself.  Taken as a whole, you have a rock-solid apologetic.     