 I was once part of a church that experienced the Toronto blessing, and I on many occasions experienced being slain in the spirit.  On two occasions, I experienced holy laughter.  But I would always wonder, why aren't I laughing like everyone else?  And why are the people praying over me getting upset when I don't get "slain"?  My pastor had a prophecy that people would be lining up to come to this time of refreshing.  Well, when I returned a few years later, nada.  Same amount of people.  That was my first major seed of doubt. From that background, I was exposed to this book and the teaching of Hank Hanegraaff.  Since I was convinced and I came from this background, let me tell you why I think Hank is right. 1) the people who started this are the false teachers and false prophets of the Word of Faith movement.  People like Hinn, Hagin, etc. 2) The leaders of this movement claim Jonathan Edwards as the theologian of their movement.  This is so ridiculous I can't even begin to describe this.  They must have no clue what the heck they are even talking about.  This throws doubt on every fiber of their discernment skills.  If you think Edwards would have been supportive of this, you are obviously a liar or not so smart.   3) The leaders of this movement have made false prophecies and other false theological statements.  Some of their words of knowledge just do not line up with the Word of God.  So if it is a spirit talking to them, it's a wrong one.  "A whole new understanding of Christianity."  Really.  Well, that's an understanding not based on the understanding of the apostles. 4) This point was the most important.  The phenomena of this movement can be replicated by non-Christians.  Hindus, hypnotists, etc. can produce this.  Hank documents a non-Christian reporter who experienced the phenomena when he went to Toronto.  Mesmer, who gave us the word "mesmerism", produced the same stuff Benny Hinn does.  This is a very important point and I'll explain why.  If non-believers can experience it, false teachers and false prophets can produce it, and non-Christians can produce it, it is safe to assume that this is not of God.  Hank adequately documents this in the book. The last thing I would note, not in the book, is the fact that if this is such a mighty move of God, why do we not see radically changed communities and a mass-turning towards God? This book is a wonderful documentation of the movement.  I did not find Hank's tone negative.  He documents the facts, to the detriment of the movement.  If you are biased towards this movement, you are going to view Hank's words as negative.  The only problem is that they are true.  As Hank and Edwards would encourage, focus on the glory of God, the majesty of Christ, and the solid foundation laid for us in Scripture.     