 This book covers the facts of the history of antisemitism, but it does much much more than that as well.  It tries to provide analysis, both big-picture and small-picture analysis.  Big picture wise, especially in the last chapter, Flannery tries to figure out the why's of the history of antisemitism.  Each chapter generally covers a certain period of antisemitism, and Flannery attempts to analyize these smaller periods as well.  He does a fairly balanced and good job at that, but he is not dogmatic.  He understands that many of these issues are complex. One of the more interesting points that Flannery picked up on was that the relationship between church and synagogue was strained from the outset, when Christians were primarily Jewish.  It should be mentioned at this point that this book is geared towards other Christians and that shows through.  Flannery himself is a Catholic priest. I do have a few critiques, but they are minor.  I am just going to say right now that not many within this field agree with my views. Flannery touches on the fact that Christianity is Jewish in origin.  This is important because many in this field state that Christianity and the New Testament contain, inherently, antisemitism.  However, if one places the faith in its original context, this view doesn't hold water.  While antisemites have used the New Testament to support their views, they have also used the Old Testament Scriptures as well.  This comes up a lot in this field.  I wish Flannery drove the point home instead of dancing around it.  Flannery does not ignore this issue though.  It is pretty obvious when rabid atheists are rabid antisemites that the issue is complex.  Here comes my controversial point.  He seems to miss the forest for the trees.  So many different antisemites in so many different contexts.  It seems to have a demonic cause, in a literal sense. The book does not address modern evangelism, the Messianic Jewish movement, etc.  That's a big whole. Flannery while understanding the role of replacement theology in Christian circles as a cause of antisemitism misses the mark when he deals with the Judaizing heresy.  This heresy is mentioned in Acts and was dealt with by Paul in some of his letters.  The gospel states that we are saved by faith in Jesus.  The Judaizers added works, specifically adherence to the Mosaic Law, to faith.  They said we are righteous before God by faith and adherence to Torah.  Stick with me this is important.  Gentiles come along add see "Judaizers."  They assume it means anyone who practices Jewish stuff in the church commits this heresy.  (Paul goes to synagogue, the Temple, etc. btw.)  This is a wrong view.  Flannery does not pick up on this. Catholics, from my perspective, do this as well, just not with the Mosaic Law.  Because of this, I feel Flannery missed this issue.  This is a very complex issue.  I suggest reading Faith Alone by R.C. Sproul for a Protestant but balanced perspective on it. All in all, the book is wonderful and a must read.     