 Lee Strobel has done very well with this book.  It is exteremely good as an introduction to apologetics.  I would give it 4 1/2 stars.  Mr. Strobel interviews one person per objection.  The plus side to that is that if he interviews someone great, the interview can be in depth and the answers will be satisfactory.  If the person isn't that great, the answers in the chapter will reflect that.  I only found one chapter where the person being interviewed wouldn't be my first choice. Objection 1 deals with the Problem of Evil, namely how can a good God allow evil to exist.  This was by far the best chapter.  The interviewee did a great job and went into many possible explanations.  He hit the most important point.  The objection assumes objective good and evil.  And that can't exist without God.  So for the objection to make any sense God must exist. Objection 2 dealt with whether miracles contradict science.  That was easily dealt with.  This objection is derived from David Hume.  Objection 3 was a good overview of the Achilles Heel of a pure-naturalistic view of evolution.  Getting from dead chemicals to a hugely complex cell. Objection 4 seemed a bit weaker than the others.  It dealt with God's order to wipe out certain people groups.  Some of the answers were quite good, but I would highly recommend RC Sproul's "Holiness of God" which also touches on this issue.  Any discussion of this should be grounded in a proper understanding of God's holiness and love. Objection 5 was dealt with masterfully by Ravi Zacharias, who dealt with the exclusivity of the claims of Christianity.  There was a lot more that could have been said or emphasized.  Ravi did a great job though.  One thing should have been hit harder.  It seems unfair to people that I believe and go to heaven, but someone who doesn't isn't.  Seems arbitrary, like you have the wrong ticket or something.  This overlooks the sin-payment Jesus paid for us.  If you believe on Jesus this applies to you.  If not, your sin remains on you.  This emphasizes that our sin doesn't remain unpunished even if we believe, but Jesus gets punished in our stead. Objection 6 was a "loving God wouldn't send people to hell."  This was the worst of all objections, but that isn't to say some good wasn't in the chapter.  The answers were too man-centered for my taste, focusing on our choice and our dignity.  I would have focussed on the holiness of God.  Once that's understood, most people's objections would be "how could a good God allow anyone in heaven."  Another troubling thing was the quesiness the Moreland had with active punishment being a part of hell.  Hell isn't just a sum of your choices.  It's what you deserve.  I recommend "Wrath of Almighty God" by Jonathan Edwards for a more biblical, although more unpopular approach. Objection 7 dealt with all the nasty things that have occured in church history.  Kudos for not glossing over the bad.  They should have mentioned that we can't hide behind others on judgment day. Objection 8 was a wonderful chapter on doubt in the life of the seeker and believer.     