 James White's work is definitely the best treatment on this subject I've read in a long time.  It is indeed two books in one.  The first part is an explanation of the evangelical doctrine and its importance.  The second part is thorough exegesis of relevant passages. James White, in the first part, has hit the nail on the head with this issue.  Error on this doctrine is an extension of another doctrine.  When we misunderstand the holiness of God (please, please read the Sproul book of the same name), we misunderstand how to get right with God.  That's what justification is about.  How we get right with God.  When we understand God is holy, we understand that He must judge sin.  We understand that God He can't overlook our bad deeds.  Then we should realize that good deeds won't overcome our past bad deeds, since we already owe God good deeds.  I won't keep going on this tangent.  Suffice it to say, that this is the key issue to understand which undergirds the rest of the issue. The second part of the book capitalizes on James White's strength, very complete exegesis.  He does not have the space to do this for every passage that pertains to the topic, Acts of the Apostles and the four Gospels have been left out for instance.  However, a lot of Romans and James 2 are in there.  They are the main passages that pertain to this topic.  White clearly shows that justification by faith alone is taught by Paul.  He touches on "works of the law."  I've seen better James 2 commentaries (Matthew Henry comes to mind), but White does a very good job.  The second part is a lot like his treatment of John 1 in "the Forgotten Trinity."  He will use a lot of Greek.  I do not know coine Greek, but I was able to follow along quite well.  He discusses any issues with textual variants along the way.  This is a most rewarding treatment of Scriptures! All in all, it is an excellent resource.  Once I got to the second section, I started using it as a Bible study.  You would go through a section of Scripture, and then James White would be your commentator.     