 first off, u don't hafta like all saints to like dis song. it's influenced by so many different types of music dat practically n/e one will like it. the types dat i can recognize are primarily pop, dance, hip hop, techno, and even r&b. the song is full of variety in sounds and in lyrics. the chorus is perfect sounding sumden like "i wouldn't wanna be n/e where else but here, i wouldn't wanna change any thing at all . . . " it's a unviersal song for any time or occasion, and honestly the only song i can listen to that, no matter what my mood, can always 100% a the tyme make me happy. and no it's not a britney spears kinda happy. it's the accepting and enjoying life kinda happy. so, undoubtedly this is my all time favourite song. the mood changes thru out the song starting at techno and weird with hypnotizing lyrics, and it starts to sound brighter and then goes into the chorus with a beat-packed catchy (but not pop) chorus. it flips back to mellow and weird and starts getting brighter. the middle of the song throws in some crazy sounds and continues with the chorus. the end of the song takes the first chorus and ends it with a great hip hop/dance beat. u gotsta listen to it for yerself cuz it's indescribable. the neptunes never mess up on a remix and #2 definitely illustrates that point. this remix blows my mind because somehow they're able to get it to be slow, soothing, depressing, melancholy, and lonely, YET they're able to throw in some great beats along with video game type zelda sad sounds and make it still awesome. even the sad mood of the song can't stop the lyrics from shining because they're that rue. this song is great on both the saints' and the neptunes' part. the #3 wideboys remix is defintitely dance type and is pretty good. the sounds of the beat are piercing and firm. the sounds put into it (like sounds of swords) make it even crazier and the mixing of the vocals is off the hook. it's almost impossible for any one to write a review that will make u understand the song completely, so the least u can do is take a listen for yerself. but this is honeslty a universally great song no matter what the theme/mood of life, so do not hesitate to pick it up and give it a listen.     