 this cd is very good and stays with ginuwine's whole vibe: fun, ghetto-fied drama, and freakiness. i think that people are too fixated on the fact that timbaland isn't on here more often, that they don't realize that there are other talented producers out there. it would've been nice to have more timbaland tracks but, it is still good. this cd comes with the lyrics to every song and the best ones are: -WHY NOT ME?: the best song on this cd. nice and classic beat with hand-clappings. great chorus that goes "why not me, is it that i'm too ghetto for you? . . ." -THERE IT IS: the second best song on here. not something i'd expect from ginuwine, but it gives his work some good variety. great chorus, and a cool and smooth r&b/soul vibe. -2 WAY: did motorola pay him to write this song? only ginuwine could make a whole song about 2 way pagers, and still pull it off as classy and smoooth r&b. it takes some gettin used to at first. -DIFFERENCES: great love song and very soulfull and genuine lyrics. nice r&b elements.  -SO FINE: this song has a pretty tyte beat and creative chorus. if u've seen the "there it is" video, then u've heard the beat. it's the same beat he dances to at the end of the video. -HOW DEEP IS YOUR LOVE: a nice, slow song with a simple beat and creative chorus. -THAT'S HOW I GET DOWN (featuring ludacris): produced by timbaland, and one of the higlights of this cd. it has a nice beat and like each timbaland song, the beat takes on its own mellow and bumpin personality. ludacris' rap is off the hook too. -SHOW AFTER THE SHOW: a sexy, r&b beat with nice use of the spanish guitar. smooth, confident lyrics and an entycing chorus. -SUPERHUMAN: a remake of dianne warren's song. classy soul chorus and nice lyrics. -JUST BECAUSE: the chorus takes some time to get used to but it's a very good song. timbland is a big part of ginuwine but this cd shows that ginuwine is definitely his own artist. he is so talented that it doesn't matter who produces his stuff, it'll still sound great. now that's what makes a REAL artist.     