 thank god i have mtv2 in my room, otherwise i would have never even heard of gorillaz. if u like hip hop or just punk, then this cd is for u. i do not like punk but this cd is very much influenced with a great hip hop vibe. the main reason why is bought this cd was because of del (the funky homosapien) who appears on two of the tracks. but even without del, i realized that there is still a good hip hop sense in here. here's reviews on the songs that i enjoyed the most. -tomorrow comes today: great beat, nice harmonica sounds. cool lyrics. an all around chill song. -new genious: i like the lyrics a lot on this song. nice, sad vocals and slow yet cool beat. nice use of violin. -clint eastwood: perfect blend of alternative and hip hop. simple yet wonderful beat. well thought-out chorus and phat (i mean PHAT) rhymes from del. nice use of various music elements and intruments. -sound check: starts out slow with only the piano background and moves into a phat beat laced wit nice scratching and mixing. smooth lyrics, creative beat. -double bass: extremeley strange yet creative jungle groove. all beats and music, no lyrics. still, one of the stand outs. -rock the house: my second favorite track. sick beat. i mean crazy beat. creative rhymes from del. extremely catchy and dancable chorus and creative use of the flute. so phat. -19/2000: my favorite song on here. tyte music that sounds like a video game song. simple beat. great lyrics and an original approach to any kind of music. what makes it the most interesting is the unique vocal abilities of miho hotari. adds a real weird sense of being in an anime. -latin simone: great beat. i mean great beat. very easy to bob ur head to this song. very relaxing and smooth. full of no lyrics other than a spanish ballad that fits smoothly into the jazz/soul/hip-hop vibe of this track. lotta versatility aand variety. -slow country: reminds me alot of "rock da house" with the rhythmic piano sounds. cool lyrics, great chorus. tyte music elements in this song. dont knoe how to describe it exactly. but its great. -dracula: great beat and music that really does give a sense of the horror of dracula. haunting sounds and lyrics make dracula seem real. -left hand suzuki method: great hip hop beat. strong and loud, kinda reminding me of pharaoe monche's "get up." yet they ingeniously and sarcastically add a happy little "mary had a little lamb"-type sound. still, very good. great track. no singing, just a news reporter in the background every once in awhile. * there is a hidden bonus track. wait till 5:30 has passed on "left hand suzuki method" and u will here the "ed case remix" of "clint eastwood." much faster and funkier. reggae/trip hop vibe. the only part i dont like is that del's rhymes are replaced with new rhymes. very versatile cd. this is an essential to anyone who appreciates creative sounds. trust me you've never heard n/e thing like this before. hip hop and punk all in one. blended with jazz, classical, latin, and global sounds. at least give it a listen.     