 lemme just say dat i searched fer hours and hours on the internet to track down dis cd . . . even worse i pleaded and bargained fer days and days wit my dad to let me bid on dis cd . . . every single passing day dat my cd didn't come in the mail seemed lyke an eternity . . . well it has finally come and it is such a phat cd dat i would gladly go thru the struggle all over again fer dis wonderful cd. i enjoyed dis cd more than their first (which is also a very good one) and if you buy dis cd you'll get another unique dose of phat beats and sweet melodies from these cyute grrls. n/e wayz . . . pure shores has a kewl relaxed sound but also takes on a rough kinda edge in the middle of the song .all hookt up shoes the saints' bad syde wit the "saucy"iest (ha ha) lyrics and kewlest beats and background sounds, wit a lyne in there dat goes sumdin lyke dis "i knoe dat u wanna piece a my . . ." hmmmm. movin on . . . dreams just myte be my favorite sloe song on dis cd but don't get me wrong it's far from being just a boring draggin sloe song cuz dis joint is laced up wit tyte spacey sounds and infiltratingly hypnotizing harmonies. distance has nyce and soothin gutiar sounds in it but at the sayme tyme also makes u wanna move wit all creative werds and a good use of scratching in the middle. black coffe! variety galore . . . starts off spacey and intriguing, starts to get happy and pop-ish, goes back to depressingly (yet kewl) techno-ish sounds and back to pop again. but in the middle of the song is this phat phat phat sound of lyke metal or chains dat sounds so phat and they mix it wit lyke the 007 game type sound . . . but the ending is the best cuz it goes out wit a phat dance beat and leaves u wantin more more more. whoopin over you adds much variety to dis masterpiece. kinda a smashmouth type sound but also sounds alot lyke the c&c musik factery and a kewl chorus dat sounds lyke dat one song dat goes " . . . wanna ryde wit da new freestylers . . ." yeah it's kewl. i feel you is also a nyce sloe song dressed up wit phat beats and sounds and as weird as it sounds the chorus part reminds me a lotta the sesame street theme. don't ask . . . surrender is also a bit "saucy" but focuses more on just pure love than just plain sleeziness . . . the beautiful voices and the simple yet creative use of the repetition of the werd "surrender" makes dis hot . . . haha adds kewl lyrics dat fit into the beat of the song and deals wit how as kids they were told they couldnt sing or make it . . . way wrong. love is love has a phat beat dat reminds me so much of my mega man x game cuz da kewl musik is so upbeat and kewl . . . ready willing and able is another one of those sensual songs and falls somewhere in between all hookt up and surrender. not sleezy but not angelik. good beats though. saints and sinners is kinda where the saints admit to their human nature and aknowledge they can be sinners but they should be saints, don't judge cuz it's very tru cuz who are we to talk. i don't wanna be alone has a creative chorus and kewl sounds dat go wit the werds. one more tequila adds the latin flavor and very very hypnotizing and fun. dis cd has so much hvariety and is anything but just pop musik. far from it actually cuz dis cd shoes so much hip hop and techno influences . . . original though. it has the prettiest piktures of these grlls ever in dis cd wit a kewl club scene design. dis cd will not be out in america till next year 2k1 but buy it now cuz a masterpiece can't wait . . . i didnt spend all dis tyme tryin to convince u fer nuttin.     