 this is the third effort from r&b superstar and legend, Aaliyah. i've heard many people say that it sounds nothing like her "one in a million" cd, and they're right. this may be due to the change in producers and writers (mostly done by static from playa), either way it was a very smart move. there are still 3 wonderful timabaland-produced tracks on here, though. this cd definitely gave Aaliyah the much needed and appreciated style and variety that many artists fail to achieve and was even appraised by rolling stone as one of the most original r&b albums of the year wit the likes of missy's "miss e so addictive" and outkast's "stankonia." she was only beginning to scratch the surface of all that she was capable of, through this cd. -we need a resolution: definitely expanded and played on different areas of vocals that Aaliyah had never touched on before. great timbaland beat, with soulful and genuine lyrics. -loose rap: great chorus with a great melody. Aaliyah can definitely hold a tune very well. a nice soul/alternative vibe. one line in this cd definitely describes the new vibe and style of this cd, "we got something for all the fools, it aint just rhythm and blues."  -rock the boat: a beautiful explosion of sexy vocals and amazing lyrics. definitely shows her evolution into a real woman, able of being suggestive, yet maintaining her class all at the same time. one of the cd's many highlights. -more than a woman: another awesome timbaland track with amazing lyrics and vocals. a simple yet creative chorus really displays all of Aailyah's talent and beauty. she shot this video a couple of weeks before her unfortunate and puzzling death and is planned on being released after "rock the boat." -never no more: really touches on Aaliyah's new experimental style. a nice, consistent beat showcases lyrics with a great message. another prime example of a good song with real meaning. -i care 4 u: the third and last timbaland-produced song on this amazing album. very slow and soulful. gives off a real big ghetto-fied soul vibe, like something out of the whole "Shaft" era. very comforting lyrics and vocals. -extra smooth: one of my favorite tracks. phat beat. indescribable. a great example of why Aaliyah is identified in the r&b, soul and hip-hop crowds.  -read between the lines: intriguing beat. enticing lyrics and creative chorus and verses where Aaliyah's vocals are fluctuated and played with. remind's me of joe's "stutter" but a lot more soulful and funky. -u got nerve: give's off a real "u buggin me" vibe wit a lot of attitude. still, one of the few times aaliyah lets loose. she fully deserves this and is wise enough to not let that control the content of her career. especially in a world where that's all female artists are capable of doing these days: complaining. -i refuse: very original and creative beat backed up by a soulful orchestra. Aaliyah's sad, heartbroken vocals really touch something inside me. that's how u can tell a real artist from the rest.  -it's whatever: a beautiful and genuinely heart-felt song. amazing hip hop beat. absolutely beautiful lyrics and vocals. if there's one song i want to remember Aaliyah by, then it's this track. makes my eyes water every time. -i can be: written by tank, this is one of the many tracks that shows Aaliyah's bravery, diving into and experimenting with all different kinds of music. many r&b stars have tried to attempt this too (en vouge's "free your mind. etc.) but so many times have failed, trying too hard to pick up on an un-needed arrogant vibe and attitude. Aaliyah obviously knows what she's doing here. all other artists, take notes. -those were the days: a beatiful alternative/soul song with a nice beat and wonderful chorus. this is the song where i realized just how well aaliyah's vocals and static's lyrics go with each other. -what if: an amazing rock/hip hop vibe. never ever did i think that a mixture of these two genras could successfully be pulled off. but if u want something impossible done, leave it to Aaliyah. -messed up: this extra track is laced up with a sick beat and a funky, bumpin, and contagious chorus. Aaliyah's untimley death left me very confused. many nights i cried myself to sleep, full of so many questions. the only thing that will ever get anyone through any tragedy is realizing that they are in a better place. Aaliyah definitely is. i realized, through time, that I was lucky to have gotten to expereince all that i did from her. yes, i would've appreciated a couple more albums and some more videos but i realized it would be selfish of me to wish her back to such an ugly world. i guess the only place an angel like Aaliyah belongs is in heaven. Aaliyah Dana Haughton January 16, 1979 ~ August 25, 2001 Rest in Peace     