 one listen of this cd and i knew it would immediately be one of my favorites. i've always appreciated original, creative, and truth in artists. what better example of this than esthero? her music is a unique blend of trip hop, jazz, soul, and sometimes even rock. much love and respect to doc for producing this masterpice and esthero for co-producing and writing all the songs.  -breath from another: a very sad song about despair and misdirection in life. yet there also seems to be a sense of understanding and hope. great trip hop beat with a catchy chorus and great rhymes from both shug and meesah. real hip hop sense. -heaven sent: a lot of graphic sadness in this song. u can really sense the meaning and and emotion esthero put into this track, especially during the angry rock chorus. -anywayz: very smooth jazz type song. easy to listen to with cool and smooth lyrics and a nice piano sound. -that girl: resembles the previous track alot but with a much more catchy chorus and lyrics with a little bit deeper significance. nice guitar elements added. -country livin (the world i know): my second favorite track on here. very lite and funky beat, nice acoustics, and  very catchy and very nice lyrics..." just look at the stars, this night could be ours." an r&b love song with the unique esthero touch. -flipher overture: a 30 second masterpiece. a unique blend of jazz, trip hop, and maybe even ska. -half a world away: gives this cd a nice feeling of a global awareness and variety. nice spanish elements. smooth beat with cool lyrics and wonderful chorus. -lounge: a cool, laid back song with a great jazz/soul vibe. chill lyrics with a simple yet so creative beat. all this goes on while a phone conversation plays in the background. extremely funny at the end. -superheroes: a nice classic song with a bit of funk and very cool lyrics. simple beat and mellow vocals. well done. -indigo boy: my 3rd favorite song. very deep and spritual. wonderful lyrics and very haunting beat and sound elements give it a big sense of despair and loneliness. "i am the last of the worshipers...indigo boy dont let them take it away from you..." an extremely touching song with a lot of sorrow. -swallow me: my favorite on this cd. wonderful beat. the illest lyrics ever that hit exactly how esthero's music (and music in general) touches the deepest part of you. "the slowest melodies coated me, soothing rhythms stoked the fire in my belly, music was the lamb that made a lion out of me...recognize between the lines of what u feel and what you believe" and the one thing i will always quote from music from now until forever "long as i have my voice i dont need arms to hold me"  there is also an extra track on this cd once ten minutes have passed on "swallow me." it's all music and no words. very haunting and scary, the type of song that (if i listened to it enough) could cause me to get panic attacks again. still a great song if its able to invoke that part of me.  only once in awhile u'll find an artist truly worth supporting, and esthero is one of them. if u appreciate originality and prefer your music to have lyrics with meaning, then please get this cd.     