 before i bought this cd my favorite album used to be lauryn hill's "the misdecuation of." i bought this album having only heard "oops (oh my)" on the radio, and decided to pick it up. at first, like many other people and magazines who reviewed the album, i was disappointed to find that the rest of tweet's album is very mellow. i felt mislead by her radio singles.  but then i listened to the album again. and it turns out that southern hummingbird has to be one of the most in-depth and personal cds i have ever bought. and then i looked at the album credits. tweet plays her own instruments on a good majority of the songs. she writes her lyrics. and evern produces her work. it turns out that, yes, tweet's album and personality does not completely fit the catchiness of her radio-friendly singles. because she has so much more to say than that. she had depth. she has soul. she has important things to let people knoe. and now i see that her radio singles were tweets attempt to get you to buy the album. not juss to hear even more catchiness, but to draw you into what she really has to say. i love the whole album but these are my favorites. 3. smoking cigarettes : a detailed account of a love-inspired addiction unfolds over tweet's own smooth guitar talents. though tweet and many others recognize the dangers of the deadly habit, tweet offers a unique perspective from the dark side that many people don't get to see in 'truth' commercials. 5. always will : this song could be described as pure love. a smooth guitar plays over a mellow beat as tweet croons over true love. but not juss a regular "i love you" song. this song is about REAL love. what love should be: "we can be on seperate planets, mars and venus, heart to heart, no spaces between us . . . i dont even care if we're not together, cuz thass the part that never lasts forever." now this is a purely true love song. 9. motel : tweet realeases some anger. her guitar skills and emotion are strong and evident as ever as she belts out "go to hell baby" over a cold and hard background. a very sad portrait of being cheated on, as tweet cries out in sadness "i used to grab, you, and hold you and love you . . . " 10. beautiful : nice piano. nice beat. outstanding lyrics and vocals. this song could be at my wedding. it doesnt deal with infatuation juss becaue somebody looks 'good.' this song is all about real beauty and what it really means to love somebody inside and out.  11. complain : this is the song that made southern hummingbird my favorite cd, tweet my favorite artist, and complain my favorite song. ever. and keep in mind i have over 250 cds that i love. this song is the definition of life rite here. it strips down all the falseness of this jaded world to life's essence with tweets well written lyrics, soft and soothing voice, and outstanding guitar skills. though the song suggests that the sadness is caused by a person, its apparent that the lyrics infer a longing for happiness. pure happiness with life. this song made me understand myself inside and out. and you'd be cheating yourself if you dont give it a listen. the rest of the songs on the album are all great, but if i didnt choose a few to narrow it down to, i could go on forever. charlene "tweet" keys is an inspiration to me. and while its obvious that her character goes much deeper than the "skirt dropping to my feet" and "no panties" of her radio singles, dont be too quick to dismiss the albums quality. in fact you should feel fortunate. because inside such a small cd is more than i could have ever hoped for. yes, it taught me fun and dancing. but more importantly it taught me life. in so many aspects. there are so many things in tweets lyrics, guitar notes, and voice that would have taken a lifetime for me to learn. but its all here for you in this nice lil cd. give it a listen. please. tweet has so much to say. and you have so much to learn.     