 i bought dis cd thinkin dat (lyke their 2 previous cd's) i wouldn't be able to listen to the whole cd wit out skippin thru some tracks . . . well after the first listen i knew i was wrong. well, it's not my most favorite cd ever but it is good and it does go way beyond their previous standards. they've matured so much in their voices and personalitites and it really shows in their music. probably the main reason dat dis appeals to me so much is the fact dat rodney jerkins a.k.a. darkchild is very r&b influenced and produced many tracks on dis cd. first off: holler, a great way to come back. a great song dat keeps you wonderin and wantin more and more and u can definitely hear the r&b vibe . . . tell me why als one of the best fast up beat r&b songs wit a clever chorus . . . let love lead the way, though slow, is a very good song wit tru-to-lyfe lyrics . . . right back at ya is an ok song but i lyke all the other ones better but i do lyke the beat on dis one . . . get down wit me definitely keeps wit the whole spice girls sound but adds the darkckild touch and makes it kewl . . . wasting my tyme is a tyte song wit the cleverest lyrics and dis beat can get stuck in my head ferever . . . weekend love . . . phatness! it blends beautiful harmonies and vocals wit a professional darkchild beat. the chorus is tyte, the sounds are too . . . time goes by has very good lyrics but there's just a little sumthin missin from dis sloe song . . . if you wanna have some fun has a fun party type beat . . . oxygen is pretty good both in the lyrics and sounds and one of the better slow songs on dis cd . . . goodbye, you can't beat the classics because to dis day it's still my favorite spice song. sure, the spice girls may not have always been the most sophisticated and angelic group ever but their own admit to their human nature brings out the best of these grrls wit these tru to lyfe lyrics and hits dead on how it feels to lose someone. one more thing, don't stereotype these grrls because they are trying to break what they've been labeled as and dis cd proves the exact opposite of what come's from the media's mouth . . . check it out fer yerself . . .     