 this cd is a classic, to me. there are so many messages in each song and the truth in her lyrics and voice makes this album beautiful. it is very abstract and different, but it also gives a lot of variety and options to people who are tired of the  radio. a true hip hop, pop, or dance fan would love this cd. it is produced by william orbit, the same guy who produced tracks on all saints' "saints and sinners." i am not lying when i say that every song on here is a quality track: 1.MUSIC: an awesome beat and cool, smooth lyrics. it basically sums up why myself and the rest of the world is fascinated with one of the greatest inventions ever: music. 2.IMPRESSIVE INSTANT: definitely has a techno/trance vibe with a crazy-phat dance beat and creative scratches and glitches added to her voice. 3.RUNAWAY LOVER: also has a techno/trance beat too but this one is not as spacey and futuristic as "impressive instant." has the same beat as any dance remix. extremely catchy chorus and creative sounds. 4.I DESERVE IT: cool, laid back lyrics wit a mellow and cool hip hop beat.  5.AMAZING: starts out slow and lonely and starts with a beat that sounds like "beautiful stranger." great chorus and beat. 6.NOBODY'S PERFECT: my second favorite on here. nice lyrics wit a tru message, "sorry but . . . nobody's perfect . . . what did u expect? i'm doin my best . . ." it's kind of describes human nature and how complex things can get. nice beat. 7.DON'T TELL ME: has a very personal theme to it. it's cool to see how they can make the guitar go along with the beat and all of the nice dance elements and beats they can put in it. 8.WHAT IT FEELS LIKE FOR A GIRL: a very nice song and i appreciate it as much as i possibly can, but i guess it'll always be something i'll never fully understand: "girls can wear jeans and cut their hair short, where shirts, and boots. cuz it's ok to be a boy. but for a boy to look like a girl is degrading, beacuse u think that being a girl is degrading . . ." 9.PARADISE (NOT FOR ME): a very abstract and personal song with such wonderful lyrics, "i was so blind, i could not see. yur paradise is not for me . ." she also speaks a verse of french and included are some indescribably wonderful sounds. definitely my favorite song on here. 10.GONE: nice guitar sound and great lyrics. nice beats and creative choice of words and mood. this cd is so personal, motivational, and abstract, that it's hard to let u knoe juss how great it is. get this cd. it'll make u think. it'll bring u back down to earth because after u listen to it, it'll make u a much more modest and appreciative person.     