 this is the perfect cd for anybody that appreciates the variety, quality, and taste that remixes have to offer to an already great song. this is a remix album of all of the singles that all saints released from their self-titled, debut album. each song is mixed into one another buy the talented UK radio dj, pete tong. the theme of each song ranges to anything from hip hop to dance. there are fifteen high-quality tracks and they are: 1.NEVER EVER (all star remix): a lot faster than the original. laced up wit a phat hip hop beat, and yet it successfully incorporates a banjo and piano sound into the background. also comes wit a short, yet tyte rap from "all star."   2.BOOTIE CALL (krazee alley mix): nice, low-key hip hop beat. good rhymes also included by krazee alley (sounds like three different people.) could've had a little more bass but it might've detracted from the smooth lyrics.  3.I KNOW WHERE IT'S AT (groovy mix): no rapping in this but whoever mixed it was able to turn a very catchy pop song into a nice little hip hop/dance beat. 4.UNDER THE BRIDGE (ignorants mix f/ jean paul e.s.q.): a prime example of how great remixes are. beyond-tyte rhymes from both the ignorants and JP. extremely indescribable phat hip hop beat. The chorus and the verses are switched up a bit, with a lot of emphasis on different words. one of the appleton sisters also contributed with an unbelievably smooth and cool repetition of "ignorants u make me feel this way . . ." 5.LADY MARMALADE (timbaland remix): what can't timbaland do? this song is both very hip hop and dance. a spacey, and fast beat makes for a great techno-soul vibe. 6.BOOTIE CALL (bugcity and hayne's/bump 'n' bounce mix): mostly a dance remix but what stands out most are the great elements of techno-type sounds that are added into this song. 7.WAR OF VERVES (ganja kru remix): an enjoyably long song that starts out slow and sad for the first minute, and the rest is drum and bass. they also mixed bits and pieces of different lyrics into the background. very well done. 8.BOOTIE CALL (dreem teem vocal) 9.BOOTIE CALL (club asylum-boogie punk dub) 10.NEVER EVER (booker t's vocal mix) 11.NEVER EVER (booker t's up north dub) 12.I KNOW WHERE IT'S AT (nu birth riddum dub) 13.LADY MARMALADE (mark!'s wrecked dub) 14.LADY MARMALADE (sharp south park vocal remix) 15.LADY MARMALADE (sharp's trade lite dub) the portion of songs that i didn't review are great dance remixes but my favorites have always been the ones with at least some hip hop element. all songs are great but the ones i reviewed are definitely the stand-outs. if u love remixes, then pick this one up.     