 lil mo has been singing behind the scenes for so many years, working wit so many artists, contributing and collaborating on so many successful songs that you'd think that by the time her very own solo album came out, all the music cats she worked wit woulda shown her the love she rightfully deserves by returning the favor and offering to make her songs juss as hot as she did for them. well, they didn't. even so, this is a very solid and worthy effort, considering that it only debuted at number 14 on the charts. these are the funkier r&b songs that i was feelin the most:  -superwoman pt.II feat fabolous: very rarely does a female artist come out wit a truly hot hip hop beat. very creative chorus. much love to fabolous for helpin my girl mo out on this track. a prime example of a quality r&b song. -player not the game feat carl thomas: great r&b song. carl's and mo's voice blend very very well together. extremely smooth and genuine chorus and lyrics. simple, yet good beat. -friends: great beat. really focuses on one of mo's greatest abilities: the chorus. give's off the same vibe as koffee brown's cd "mars|venus": ghetto-fied love drama. -gangsta: uses the same beat and music from snoop's "gin and juice." chill lyrics and chorus which can be summed up in this excerpt "baby u can take me out the streets, but can't take the streets outta me, i'm gon still be gangsta." -time after time: a worthy remake of cindy lauper's hit. one of the most remade songs of all time. there's nothing new or exciting added in this certain remake, just mo's very own soulful and powerful vocals. -i ain't gotta: it's hard to believe that this is only an extra track, considering it's quite possibly the best track on here. very cool beat. catchy, funky chorus and smooth lyrics.  the songs on this cd are no r&b classics, but they are good. lil mo can carry a tune, very very well in fact, and in the end thass what shines the most about this talented and beautiful young woman. give it a listen yalls.     