 When I first read Lord of the Flies during an English Literature class I hated it. I thought that it was dry, boring and more than a little irritating. Then when I reread it more than 10 times over the course of two years and studied every single character and happenstance in depth, I began to appreciate the scope and vision of this literary masterpiece. There is no question that Golding has written one of the greatest novels in the history of time.  The Lord of the Flies is at first glance a simple story of a group of boys stranded on an island who get carried away and grow "wild". Yet upon a second glance we see that it is truly a tale of "the end of innocence" and "the darkness of man's heart" (found on the last page as Ralph grieves). Golding explicitly illustrates the primeval power of human nature, a surging, uncontrollable force that let loose from its bindings of society and order, and laws, can run rampant and revert to the way it was in the beginning: complete chaos.  Golding masterfully uses metaphors and symbolism throughout the book. A few important examples include the fat boy, Piggy, ridiculed by so many of the boys on the island, is depicted as "the voice of reason", while Simon, a shy and insightful boy, is depicted in a saint-like manner, a crusader for peace, a Jesus-like character who possesses the only means to bring revelation to the boys. Early on in the book, the boys find the conch, a fragile symbol of societal law and order.  We eventually find that Piggy is killed, crushing the voice of reason, as is Simon, crushing hope and goodness, and the conch is smashed, relieving the small society of law and order. With all these three things gone, then darkness rages throughout the island. And who is responsible for the destruction of those three important symbols? None other than Jack, the totalitarian ringleader of his island faction, a Hitler-like representative of corruptness, greed, domination, and overall a person totally given over to the dark side of human nature.  Those are just a few of the symbols that are introduced in Golding's book, throughout the novel there are a plethora of many more that require an inquisitive mind to unlock their secrets and achieve a higher level of understand of the constant battle of our existence. This is without a doubt a masterpiece. Golding has created a work of fiction that is not just suited for a younger generation of readers but also for an older generation. At any age, his darkly compelling story is enough to provoke the deepest of thoughts and introspective self-reexamination.     