 I first saw Monty Roberts' book The Man Who Listens to Horses when I was in my local bookstore browsing for reprints of James Herriot's beloved books. I didn't buy it then, because I had never heard of him and didn't know what to expect. I later was reintroduced to him through a video in my ethology (study of animal behaviour) laboratory class and after watching one of his demonstrations and discussing his unique quality to differentiate light movement (due to his color blindness; as similar feature has been noticed in predatory animals such as dogs and wolves), was motivated to go and buy his book.  I have to say that I was sufficiently impressed with Monty's book. I hadn't become aware of the controversy and legal issues surrounding him until today through other people's reviews on Amazon.com, and investigated these claims to get further depth on him.  What I have found has led me to believe that yes, maybe there are untruths. Maybe there aren't. One cannot clearly say, particularly the public, simply because we were not there when the events transpired and all we have to rely on is what people say, and whatever we decide, people will believe what they want to believe. Human memory isn't perfect.  All I know is that the book that I read was a beautiful, compassionate autobiography illustrating a few of the human qualities that we rarely see expressed in our chaotic society today. The world may never know the truth of Monty's stories, but he has still managed to touch and inspire so many people of all ages (must significantly our generation, the younger generation) through his writing, stressing on the values of compassion, love, gentleness, respect, and understanding that are so seldom preached in the mass media today. A projected story such as this that touches hearts and instils the desire to further find links with the animals who share our planet carries with it a solid base and genuine effort that should not go unrecognized. We should look past quibbles about the truth and understand the message of his book. There is so much drivel out there that carries repugnant and destructive information that we so readily eat up in our everyday lives without realizing it, and an inspirational book like this highlights the fact that it is so easy nowadays for us to forget the softer side of our innate human qualities. While the stories of James Herriot remain first and foremost my favourite, Monty's book "The Man Who Listens to Horses" nevertheless touched me deeply, and for his courageous and passionate message I salute him.     