 When I bought this album I was expecting something similar to their awe-inspiring self-titled debut, which would've been fine with me. What I got instead was something totally different, and thus I was disappointed. During my first listen all I could think of was that they had sold out and were becoming a pop band. However, I determined to stick it out and keep listening until I was satisfied that I knew all of the nooks and crannies of each song. Well, a year later I still don't have this album figured out, but it has grown on me to the point where I listen to it more than their first CD (and that says a lot). Right off the bat you're assaulted with a barrage of jaw-dropping playing on the "Smoothie Song". If you haven't heard it, the best way I can describe it is like a jamming rock solo on bluegrass instruments. "Spit on a Stranger" is one that had to grow on me, but I can assure you it sounds nothing like a Beatles song like one reviewer said. (And even if it did, would that be a bad thing?) "Speak" is great and finally showcases Sean Watkins' immense talent as a singer and songwriter. "Hanging By a Thread" is a cover of a Wayne Kirkpatrick song and suffers in the translation. "Should've Known Better" is another one that grew on me. The sour notes and freaky orchestration really give the feel of a lover scorned. And if I could only give one reason to buy this album, it would be track # 6: "This Side". Oh, how I love this song! It's one you can listen to over and over again and never get sick of. My hat is off to Sean once again. "Green and Gray" is one of the elvish (and that's a complement, by the way) Chris Thile's best songs on this album. However, I'd have to say that "Young" is his best outing on "This Side". It's a great driving tune too! I could go on, but I think you've got the idea. If you don't own this album you should feel ashamed. Nickel Creek has done more to save modern music than any hundred factory issue boy bands out there combined. This album proves it.     