 You know, I can remember when the name Stephen King was associated with words such as "scary", "horrifying", and "suspenseful". Then he got hit by a car and those words changed to "stupid", "insipid", and "God-awful". All three of those latter words could be used to describe the film "Dreamcatcher", a movie so bad I can scarcely tell where to begin. Maybe it's the fact that this horror movie is full of more flatulence than "Blazing Saddles". Maybe it's because the world is saved from destruction by a forty-year-old retarded alien with leukemia. Maybe it's because said alien carries a childs lunch box and heroically yells "I Dudditz!" before vanquishing his foe. I'm not sure. But here's the plot, just so you don't think I'm being unfair. Out in the middle of a snowy place, four friends were enjoying a weekend away from the hassles of modern life when suddenly things go awry. Two of these friends go out for supplies while the other two stay at their log cabin and happen upon a wounded hunter stumbling through the forest. They take pity upon him and bring him back to their cabin where he starts farting up a storm. No, I'm not kidding. After passing enough gas to inflate a barrage balloon, the hunter lies down to get some sleep. He goes to the bathroom to resolve his gastro-intestinal woes and discovers that he has given birth to a small alien who then eats one of the occupants of the cabin. Thankfully, the alien is much more civilized and can contain his own gas. Anyway, the other guy who's still alive (played by Damian Lewis of "Band of Brother" fame) gets posessed by this alien who, oddly, has a posh British accent. Meanwhile the other two schmucks are involved in a bad car accident, survive, and discover yet another fart factory who quickly squirts out another alien that kills off one more friend. And then there were two. At this point we learn that the area that all of this is happening in has been quarentined by a covert anti-alien task force commanded by Morgan Freeman and Tom Sizemore. Both actors put just enough effort into their roles to ensure that they get paid. It looks like the world is going to end when one of the friends (it's hard to remember their names because they're so cardboard) realizes that their old retarded buddy Douglas is the key to warding off full scale alien invasion. Thankfully Douglas (who pronounces his name "Dudditz") lives nearby and, after packing his lunchbox, joins the heroic crew off to battle the poot-inducing menace. A battle takes place in which Dudditz (played by Donnie Whalberg) stikes a Superman-like pose, extends his arms, and bellows "I Dudditz!" which apparently is the magic word to turn yourself into a stupid-looking alien. Thus the world is saved and you've wasted two and a half hours that you can never get back. I'll end with a plea to all Hollywood types out there to please offer better work to former castmembers of "Band of Brothers". Now that "Boomtown" has been cancelled, they need good work, not Tabasco-inspired trash like "Dreamcatcher". Oh, and Mr. King? Please take a sabbatical or something to help bring back the firey genius you once posessed. And if it doesn't happen, take a well-earned retirement. Just put the pen down! For the love!     