 Author Passman has created something of a journalistic feat: his book is an attorney's look at the mechanisms of the music industry-usually not a particularly fascinating subject-yet he's made it great fun to read.  An  LA-based music attorney since the seventies,  Passman is boyishly  enthusiastic about his subject, and says the book is an outgrowth of his  professional need  to explain the basic workings of the industry to his  artist clients. Though he says he is not writing technically (as if for  fellow attorneys), he has nevertheless included virtually all of the  checkpoints, or "deal points," that come up in contract  negotiations today. The point of view being marketed here is that it pays  to be an informed artist or songwriter, even if you think you don't care  that much about the business side. Passman's "blurbs," or  endorsements,  are almost overkill: the likes of artist Don Henley,  producer Quincy Jones, and longtime Warner Communications Chairman Mo  Ostin. In the light of all this prestige (even the publisher, Prentice  Hall, is an old-guard New York house), I couldn't believe that beneath Joe  Smith's back- cover endorsement, Capitol-EMI, of which Smith was chair, was  misspelled as "Capital."  Minor flaw, all things considered, and  happily not a predictor of sloppy work inside. Passman is an excellent  choice for either personal learning or university-level classroom study. On  first hearing, the title seems a bit arrogant, but Passman  just about does  cover it all.  The 1994 second edition is virtually identical to the first,  except for a welcome expansion of the opening "First Steps"  section, and a detailed explanation of legislation the entire music  industry lobbied long and hard to achieve: the Audio Home Recording Act of  1992 (the "home taping" legislation). Passman explains the  projected flow of revenues from this act back into the music industry: one  third to songwriters and publishers, and two thirds to record companies.  Among the nineties books on the business of the music industry, this is one  of the very best. Ron Simpson, School of Music, Brigham Young University.   Author of MASTERING THE MUSIC BUSINESS.     