 "How did you arrive at those percentages?" I asked a colleague, after he had presented a very complex licensing proposal for a  revue-style stage show. His answer  embarrassed me, because I was very familiar with  both of the books he cited, one of which was this title, by Jeffrey and  Todd Brabec.  The Brabec twins' track record goes back thirty years or so.  About 1970, when I was first setting up my music companies,  both brothers  worked for ASCAP, and helped me with some business details. Later on, as   the dust-jacket bio explains, Jeff went on into private practice, and is  now associated with the Chrysalis Group. Todd has stayed with ASCAP, and is  currently Director of Membership, a position that gives him high visibility  in the L.A. music community. In other words, these guys know their  territory: when they talk about "the inner workings of a music  publisher," they lead  you into a world seldom seen by the uninitiated  outsider. When they talk about "sources of income," their list is  exhaustive,  not ending until they've included all possible licensing  revenues, even "greeting cards" and "dolls and toys."   When they tackle co-publishing agreements with this same attention to  detail, they are recommending strategies many enterprising and  entrepreneurial songwriters will want to try, sooner or later. And we're  just beginning: yet to come are the fields of records, television, movies,  live performance income, and, finally musical theater, where my colleague  had discovered more complex principles and formulas for computing royalties  than I had seen before. Thanks, Jeff and Todd, for taking time to create  this book. Okay, sure, you'll make some money with it-costs thirty bucks,  for heaven's sake. But still, getting these concepts out of your heads and  onto our desks is a major service. While the value of this material is  obvious to anyone involved with licensing or contracts, it can be equally  helpful as a university text. Consider it for honors work in music  business, or for independent readings projects. Now that the book has been  around a few years, it has found its way into the libraries of many  star-level artists and songwriters, who regularly sing its praises to  anyone who will listen. Ron Simpson, School of Music, Brigham Young  University.  Author of MASTERING THE MUSIC BUSINESS.     