 I first noticed this book in the office of the National Academy of Songwriters in Los Angeles, where it was used as a sort of coffee-table  reference book for their members, who are increasingly interested in the  film world as a potential market for songs. Now, book in hand, I confess  I'm genuinely excited about Northam's and Miller's achievement, which  Northam describes as a manual intended for film composers in the first five  years or so of their careers.  To appreciate it in context, you need to  understand that music industry how-to books seem to come in batches,  and  the nineties will be remembered as the decade when the film industry came  to light, going from, maybe, half a dozen good books which were available  through the 80's to twenty or more by this writing.  Based on what's  available now, you'd never dream there was a recent time when very little  information could be found about music in film. These days  there are  several popular magazines (see for example FILM SCORE MONTHLY), and books  on just about every aspect of film music and the business that surrounds  it. And now, let's talk about CinemaTrax, the business name for co-authors  Northam and Miller, and their FILM AND TELEVISION COMPOSER'S RESOURCE  GUIDE.  Of all the new film music books, theirs used to be the hardest to  find, and yet it's possibly the most helpful with respect to doing the  business of film music.  (For the actual music crafting part of film  scoring, the front-running book is ON THE TRACK, by Fred Karlin.)  If the  best success formula for these days is, as I believe, to literally become a  music business while you're taking your shot, then it's only logical that a  good new book would come along promoting business savvy and independent  entrepreneurial spirit among film music composers and songwriters.  These  authors talk about getting started, with sample cover letters, demo package  cover letters, advice on how to handle the marketing and promotion of one's  music, legal aspects, including how to read and negotiate a deal memo,  business considerations germane to the world of film music, budget  checklists and breakdowns, and then some nuts and bolts reference material  on temp tracks, time code, spotting, cue sheets, all the things that are so  difficult to find out about if you're trying to break in from the outside.   The book is rounded out by listings and references that will help in the  building of your own personal and customized data base (no matter how many  reference books one buys, there's no way to avoid the creation of your own  networking system.) They also include tips on navigating the several  websites devoted to film music topics. Thinking back to my own breaking- in  days, when Sound Column Productions was getting off the ground with a lot  of music inside us but not much industry background,  I'd have given just  about anything to get my hands on a book like this. To me it seems  incredible that such a insider's book would be available in the broad  national market, and that is exactly what has happened in 1999, as  publishing giant Hal Leonard Books has picked up distribution rights.  Better grab one of these. Ron Simpson, School of Music, Brigham Young  University.  Author of MASTERING THE MUSIC BUSINESS.     