 When I first saw BEHIND THE GLASS, by Howard Massey, I began turning its pages immediately.  Publisher Miller-Freeman, it seems to me, has sort of seized the initiative in releasing great new music-industry titles that appeal to the targeted up-and-coming musician as well as veteran industry observers, teachers, and researchers.  Author Howard Massey presents his material in interview format, sometimes with individual U.S. and British engineers and producers, and sometimes in a group setting (East coast panel, West coast panel, for example).  He obviously has both great access to and an easygoing credibility with hit-making engineers and producers, because the questions are good, the answers are candid, complete, and casual.  (If I sound vague about Massey, it's because I haven't bumped into him and the book contains no "about the author" blurb, a disappointing omission.)  The book is being marketed briskly to college and trade-school recording programs, so--will this book teach you recording?  No, you must still learn the basics from a good class setting, or a mentor, or in a self-directed experience with a different class of book than this (Runstein, Wadhams, and Woram are among the classic recording-text authors).  But don't think I'm diminishing the value of this new book:  it reads fast, and Massey brings all these legendary names into your living room, making them acquaintances, colleagues, friends--sharing shoptalk, suggesting both general methods and personal trade-mark techniques.  Here's a bit of detail I gleaned from Behind the Glass:  I bought James Taylor's Hourglass CD in Cape Town, South Africa a couple of years ago on a day when I needed to hear some mellow American music, and found myself entranced with the recording quality.  I made a mental note to associate those great rich sounds with engineer Frank Filipetti.  Later that same year Hourglass won a grammy as best recorded album-no surprise to me-but I honestly had no idea, until reading Massey's interview of Filipetti, that Hourglass was essentially recorded on hastily-assembled project studio gear on Martha's Vineyard.  My respect for Filipetti went from huge to immense.  Behind the Glass is excellent for prospective engineers or producers, for teachers of recording, or anyone with technical insight who is involved or interested in the recent history of pop music production. Ron Simpson, School of Music, Brigham Young University.  Author of MASTERING THE MUSIC BUSINESS.     