 Clark here presents us with an attack on Enlightenment evidentialism and an argument in favor of Reformed epistemology.  Part I explores the classical arguments for the existence of God, including the cosmological, teleological, and probabilistic proofs. Clark believes that all fail in their intended task of presenting a rationally compelling proof for God because they fail to recognize the person-specific nature of proof. Part II deals with the problem of evil because, as Clark observes, if it is correct, then all forms of theism are untenable. We need not worry about how to prove God if there is no God to prove.  After outlining the logical problem of evil as presented by J. L. Mackie, Clark distinguishes between theodicy and defense. To solve the logical problem all the Christian needs to do is to come up with some logical possibility for the coexistence of evil and God. Clark thinks that Plantinga's Free Will Defense fits the bill. Plantinga's defense is widely accepted as having solved the logical problem, but the existential problem now looms large, for which there is no solution but faith.  Part III describes the suffocating epistemology of evidentialism, with W. K. Clifford being its main exponent. The antidote to the evidentialist disease presents itself in the writings of William James and C. S. Lewis, and currently in the work of Alvin Plantinga.  Part IV looks at Plantinga's contribution to Christian philosophy. His rejection of evidentialism and classical foundationalism and his acceptance of Reidian commonsense philosophy make room for belief in God as properly basic. Just as belief in the existence of other minds is eminently rational but could never be proven or even based on more foundational beliefs, so belief in God requires no foundations. In conclusion, Clark addresses the usual charge of fideism, demonstrating that Plantinga is not a legitimate target for that accusation.  Clark has done us all a great service in popularizing the thought of Plantinga and his associates. By wresting rationality from the stingy paws of the Evidentialist Scrooges and advocating a return to reason, Plantinga and Clark have blazed the path to a Christian renaissance.     