 This is a fine piece of historical theology. McGrath begins with a  linguistic analysis of the Hebrew, Greek, and Latin terms for  justification, the concepts to which they refer, and the attendant  difficulties of translation. He then discusses the patristic understanding  of justification, which while largely undeveloped (they were intensely  focused on Christology at the time) established the parameters of  discussion for the medievals. As McGrath insightfully points out in his  final chapter of vol. 1, justification was universally recognized as an  ontological transformation; the debates were over the mode of justification  and were primarily dominated by Pelagianism vs. Augustinianism. On the  surface, the latter seemed to have won hands down, but the reformers  detected a creeping Pelagianism in the via moderna commonly called  nominalism. Volume 1 sets the stage for the second volume, which covers the  doctrine of justification from 1500 - the present. By and far, the most  important chapter in the first volume is Section 12 - Predestination and  Justification. Vol. 2 begins with Luther's little Wittenburg revolution  that took flight on anti-Pelagian wings and eventually built its nest in  the tree of forensic solafideism. Next, McGrath examines the Reformed  adoption of forensic justification and its integration with the covenant  concept, all of which influenced the English Reformers and their Puritan  countrymen. After a short chapter on John Henry Newman, the focus shifts to  the German Enlightenment of Kant and Schleiermacher. The final two sections  deal with Barth and with the contemporary development of the doctrine. I  found both chapters insufficient. McGrath nowhere deals with Hans Kung's  analysis of Barth, choosing instead to dismiss Barth as basically  unconcerned with justification. Overall, I was disappointed with the  general lack of coherence in the work. It had no grand unifying theme, and  seemed to leave the impression that the historic development of the  doctrine was random and irrational. Two warnings: first, your Latin had  better be good before you attempt Vol. 1 and your German before vol.2;  second, McGrath can sometimes be a real stylistic pain. I have rarely, if  ever, encountered such an unbridled, prodigious and promiscuous use of the  passive voice.     