 In Postmodernizing the Faith, Erickson provides an summary and analysis of  six evangelical theologians and their responses to postmodernism. He begins  with those thinkers who have reacted negatively to postmodernism. David  Wells, of Gordon-Conwell Theological Seminary, the first writer Erickson  deals with, urges a strong rejection of postmodernism, with its pluralistic  and relativistic trends. His analysis is historical, cultural, and  sociological and mainly attempts to show the many ways that evangelicals  have been negatively influenced by postmodernism. Erickson criticizes Wells  for neglecting to offer a real solution, and for his failure to engage the  deeper epistemological issues that are the root cause of much postmodern  thought. Erickson next turns to Thomas Oden, once a flaming liberal but now  a converted paleo-orthodox thinker. Oden urges Christians to reject much  postmodernism as simply ultramodernism, the last dying gasp of modernist  nihilism. In its place, he exhorts Christians to recapture the greatness of  their tradition. His solution is not a simple return to premodernity but  rather a postcritical appreciation of premodernity. Francis Schaeffer is  the third evangelical Erickson looks at. At L'Abri in Switzerland,  Schaeffer dealt with the early European manifestations of postmodernism. In  his major works he emphasized the need for Christians to defend the  classical concepts of antithesis and absolute/objective truth. His  apologetic attempted to drive the non-Christian to live consistently  according to his presuppositions, which would prove impossible, because on  atheistic premises, suicide is the only logical option. The second section  of the book examines three thinkers who have embraced postmodernism, or at  least parts of it. Stanley Grenz, author of the Primer on Postmodernism,  advocates an end to the dry propositionalism/rationalism and destructive  individualism/dualism of classic evangelicalism. He thinks that  evangelicals have tied themselves to closely to Enlightenment thought - an  alliance that will bring their downfall. He proposes a communitarian  approach to Christianity and a revisioning of theology for the 21st  century. Brian J. Walsh and Richard Middleton also take a positive view of  postmodernism. Their concern is to justify Christianity in the face of the  postmodern charge that the Biblical worldview is a violent totalizing  metanarrative. Their hermeneutic reflects this desire. They go to lengths  to eliminate the sovereignty of God, the conquest of Canaan, and the more  violent aspects of revelation. They also adhere to the narrative based  theology of Frei and Lindbeck. Lastly, Erickson analyzes the thought of  Keith Putt, a prof at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary. Putt is an  enthusiastic supporter of the deconstructionist project. His whacked-out  reading of Scripture leads him to a theopassional theology that is  virtually indistinguishable from process a/theology. Erickson concludes  this volume with an essay outlining his view of what an effective  apologetic to postmodernity might look like. He promises a forthcoming work  that will flesh out his plan for the future of theology in a postmodern  age. Erickson is a master at summarizing. He efficiently encapsulates the  main thoughts of the thinkers he writes about. His writing style is lucid  and eminently readable. In his analyses of the various thinkers, he seems  to grasp the important issues and to have a rather nuanced understanding of  the subject. I wait with anticipation for his promised work on  postmodernism.     