 Frame, professor of theology and apologetics at Westminster Theological Seminary in Escondido, California presents an introduction to apologetics  from a Reformed presuppositionalism perspective. He begins by laying out  his basic presuppositional method, defending it against the charges of  circularity and question-begging, demonstrating its consistency with  Scripture and the Reformation tradition, and portraying it as the only  apologetic method consonant with the central Christian doctrines of  sovereignty and Sola Scriptura. Everyone, he avers, reasons circularly as a  result of being the knowing subject and therefore lacking neutrality. He  then outlines the general message of the apologist, i.e. the faith which  the apologist intends to defend - the absolute personality, transcendence,  and sovereignty of the Christian God, including his Lordship over  epistemology and ethics. Frame then turns to examine the concepts of  faith, evidence, certainty, common ground, and proof, advocating a  "presuppositionalism of the heart." He seeks a rapprochement  between evidentialism and presuppositionalism, arguing that evidences have  a significant role to play in apologetics, though never as an appeal to  autonomous human reasoning. In this vein, he presents proofs for the  existence of God, including the moral, epistemological, teleological,  ontological, and cosmological arguments. Some of these, he notes, are more  persuasive than others, but all are valid and convincing only to someone  who shares Christian values - they would never persuade a convinced  nihilist (though nihilists can never even approach consistency in their  lifestyle). All of the arguments for God, Frame shows, are ultimately  presuppositional. They have their limitations, though, in that they can  never prove the entirety of the Scriptures or all the attributes of the  Christian God. To prove the details of the Christian faith, Frame points  out the uniqueness of the Bible. It alone accords with the conclusions of  the arguments for God presented earlier. Destructive Biblical criticism, a  major opponent of Scriptural inspiration, is a failed and overly skeptical  enterprise that, if taken to its logical conclusion, would leave us totally  devoid of any reliable history. Scripture is its own witness and must be  accepted as such. Of all the arguments against the Christian faith, none  has been more destructive than the argument from evil. Frame thus devotes  two chapters to finding a solution, although he ultimately appeals to  mystery. He first explores several dead-end defenses and theodicies. Then,  he summarizes a Biblical response to the problem of evil. From Christian  presuppositions, he asserts, the problem of evil is not as daunting as it  might seem at the outset. Frame concludes his book with a fictitious  account of a conversation between an apologist and an unbeliever. Two  appendices include a review and response to Classical Apologetics by  Sproul, Lindsley, and Gerstner, and a response by Jay Adams to Frame's  critique of his theodicy in The Grand  Demonstration. Analysis Apologetics to the Glory of God is an important  work for understanding presuppositionalism, especially of the Vantillian  variety. It contains numerous insights and deserves a serious reading by  all who are interested in the defense of the faith. Some serious  shortcomings, though, detract from the overall value of the work. Most stem  from Frame's continued adherence to the teachings of his mentor - Cornelius  Van Til - although Frame has modified and tempered much of Van Til's  thought. Van Til and Frame's problems come because they are not  presuppositional enough in their thinking. They still cling to  Enlightenment ideals of certainty and proof, though they sometimes change  the definitions of these words. Much of the controversy surrounding Van  Til's teachings centers on this tendency. It certainly does not lend itself  to clarity. Frame and Van Til fail to understand the nature of  presuppositions. Throughout his book, Frame impugns the notion of  "blind faith," but how else can presuppositions be chosen? The  unprovable nature of starting points precludes any proof or certainty of  the truth of the Scriptures. Certainty and proof exist only  intrasystematically. We can never be certain of our axioms, but if we are  to be certain of anything, we must posit axioms. Frame also fails in his  response to the problem of evil. While he is to be applauded for his  censure of Plantinga and other Arminian theodicists who compromise central  tenets of Biblical Christianity, his attacks on Gordon Clark and Jay Adams  are neither well-reasoned nor convincing. Adams' response in Appendix II is  cogent and persuasive. His Grand Demonstration and Clark's Religion,  Reason, and Revelation are must reading for anyone interested in a theodicy  that avoids the recourse to mystery, but simultaneously maintains the  Biblical emphasis on the absolute sovereignty of God. Frame's book is, in  the final analysis, a valuable contribution to the evidentialist vs.  presuppositionalist debate and would serve as a fine introduction to  someone seeking insight into the Vantillian tradition.     