 In What Is Truth?, James Emery White presents an insightful examination of the concept of truth as it finds expression in the theological systems of  five prominent Evangelical theologians: Cornelius Van Til, Francis  Schaeffer, Carl F. H. Henry, Millard Erickson, and Donald Bloesch.  White  rightly realizes the enormous challenge that postmodernism presents to  Christianity, especially its Evangelical stream. Post-foundationalist  thought tends to challenge not only objectivity in man's grasping and  appropriation of truth, but even the very ontological reality of truth.  While even so hardened a relativist as Richard Rorty admits the  self-defeating nature of such a claim, it continues to garner support from  many sectors of philosophy. White helpfully draws a clear distinction  between the metaphysical and epistemological aspects of. This is his book's  major contribution to the debate. He concludes that the metaphysical and  ontological reality of truth as it is expressed in the traditional  correspondence theory of truth is basic to Christian theology, indeed to  all thought. The epistemological aspect of truth is a bit more problematic,  though, as debate soon becomes mired in debates over epistemic  justification, the nature of starting points, evidentialism vs.  presuppositionalism, etc. White provides incisive critiques of the five  major thinker's systems. He appropriately questions Van Til's jihad against  univocity, his attendant rejection of the necessity of the law of  contradiction, and his claims that his system provided objective certainty  and absolute proof for Christian theism. The chapter on Schaeffer is  rather well done. Schaeffer's shortcomings as a philosopher and historian  (he claimed only to be a simple evangelist) are discussed. The best portion  of the chapter deals with Schaeffer's failure to provide positive proof for  Christianity. He failed to realize that disproving atheistic nihilism does  equal proving Biblical Christianity. Schaeffer also tended to stress the  pragmatic aspect of truth-claims, asserting that a worldview could not be  true if it did not explain the `mannishness of man,' not realizing that his  values existed within his worldview and thus could not be a criterion for  choosing a worldview. Carl Henry likewise placed too much faith in the  power of rational argumentation to prove the truth of Christianity. Henry  is to be credited, though, for championing the universality of logic, and  the propositional nature of reality and Scripture. Millard Erickson is  one Evangelical who has engaged in serious dialogue with postmodernism and  post-liberal theology. He has attempted a synthesis which preserves the  historic orthodoxy of the Reformation while incorporating the insights of  recent trends in theology, including existentialism, structuralism, and  narrative theology. While his synthesis tends more toward the former  tradition than the latter, he has nonetheless been influenced by  contemporary thought more than other thinkers. This influence is evident in  his nuanced formulation of inerrancy, his emphasis on personal revelation,  his coalition with evidentialism and its emphasis on empirical  verification, and his openness toward progressive hermeneutical  methods. The last thinker examined, Donald Bloesch, can hardly be classed  an Evangelical. He is a Barthian through and through. He embraces the  dialectical theology of the neo-orthodox irrationalists and vitiates the  doctrine of the authority of Scripture. Positively, though, he steers  Evangelicals toward an appreciation of the theological implications of the  Incarnation, as well as the concept of revelation as an event as well as a  body of truth. Furthermore, his rejection of autonomous philosophy is a  strong antidote to the Enlightenment strands in Evangelical  thought. White's book is well worth reading. White provides a good  overview of the concept of truth in the thought of the thinkers he covers.  I do have some gripes, though. First, numerous misspellings and typos mar  the text. Second, White makes the same mistake he accuses most thinkers of  making: that of confuting the metaphysical and epistemological aspects of  truth. He does this when he asserts a dichotomy between the correspondence  and coherence theories of truth. He wrongly portrays the latter as an  ontological description of truth. Coherence and correspondence cannot be so  easily dichotomized. Coherence proponents such as Gordon Clark and  Cornelius Van Til believed in the ultimate unity of the two. Truth  corresponds to the mind of God, which is completely coherent. Third, the  book contains no index! Fourth, the selection of Van Til, Schaeffer, Henry,  Bloesch, and Erickson is questionable. The issue is primarily  philosophical. I would have selected Van Til, Gordon Clark, Arthur Holmes,  Alvin Plantinga, and Norman Geisler.     