 Symphonic theology is Vern Poythress' proposal of a new paradigm for doing biblical and systematic theology. He begins by noting the influences our worldviews and presuppositions have on the way we interpret the data with which we come into contact. He applies this insight to the way we read the Bible, encouraging us to use multiple perspectives in our exegesis and interpretation. For example, those accustomed to reading the Bible for devotional purposes would do well to read it for theological and ethical insights as well. Likewise, theologians often neglect the devotional side of the Scriptures and thus miss the rich wisdom to be gained from that perspective. Although many perspectives can be expanded to apply to the whole Bible - Poythress mentions the 10 commandments as an example of an ethical theme that can be used as an interpretive grid for all the ethical teachings of the Bible - there are some analogies that should not be overextended. Poythress then moves to a brief examination of semantics and semiotics and their relation to multiperspectival hermeneutics. Words have "fuzzy boundaries," Poythress explains. One word can mean many things, depending on context. Thus, in interpreting the Bible, we must not act as if the author intends the same meaning for a word every time he uses it. The Bible does not use its terms with as much technical precision as systematic theologians might desire. Biblical scholars should also realize that different Scriptural authors approach their subjects from varying perspectives. Matthew is not necessarily concerned with the same things that his counterparts are. Poythress concludes with examples of how symphonic theology can aid believers in the apologetic task and applies the symphonic model to the problem of miracles. Symphonic Theology is, in my opinion, largely successful in its intention to encourage a more faithful interpretation of God's Word. Along with Carson's Exegetical Fallacies, it stands as a good example of evangelicals applying the insights of secular philosophy, in this case the linguistic philosophers, to the task of Christian theology. It will prove useful for Biblical and systematic theologians alike. However, the work could have been improved in a few areas. First, Poythress needs to clarify the distinction between analogies and motifs. Poythress warns exegetes not to stretch analogies beyond their intention, but argues that motifs can be applied universally. Wherein lies the difference? Second, Poythress spends too much time regurgitating the same sloppy thought long propounded by Reformed theologians regarding the analogical nature of language. As Gordon Clark and E. J. Carnell repeatedly pointed out, man is not confined to thinking thoughts merely similar to God's. Our knowledge is univocal with God's. Even analogical language has a univocal element that saves it from meaninglessness. In addition, the analogical-language proponents seem to be far too credulous toward 20th century linguistic philosophy, most of which presupposes language as an evolved skill of man. This assumes not only naturalism but also empiricism. The Christian view, on the other hand, sees language as a capacity endowed by God for the purpose of communication with Him. Our language about God is not, therefore, analogical to our experience. Rather, our experience is analogical to God. For example, when we call God father, our language is not analogical; it is univocal. The analogy occurs when we call our human parent a father. Our earthly father is meant to be an analogy of our heavenly father. Like many things, 20th century philosophy got it all backwards!     