 Thomas Oden presents a frontal attack on the modernism of which he used to  be an avid proponent. In part one, he describes the fondness for the novel  that characterized modernity - what he terms chronological snobbery.  Modernism is still enchanted with the myth of progress. In its place, Oden  advocates a postcritical paleo-orthodoxy, neither fundamentalist nor  neo-orthodox, but a mature appreciation for the beauties of premodernism in  the light of the failure of modernism. In part two, Oden engages in a  critique of criticism, revealing the arrogance and quackery of the  historical-critical experts. He also delineates the limits of such  methodology, founded as it is upon the supposition of naturalism. He  concludes the section with a call for renewed attention upon the pastoral  and general epistles, long neglected by the moderns. Part three wraps up  the book by portraying the liberation that accompanies an appreciation of  tradition. No longer haunted by the need for innovation, the orthodox  theologian can rest secure in a community of faith that extends back 2000  years. Oden is an excellent writer, very descriptive and expressive. He  will hold your attention and keep you engaged with his vivid verbal  illustrations. His paleo-orthodoxy does address some of the main faults of  modernity and its postmodern relative, ultramodernity. With a repudiation  of modernity's chronosnobbery, paleo-orthodoxy promises a rediscovery of  the wealth of knowledge and piety which represents the best of Christian  tradition. I think, though, that Oden does not realize the extent to which  he still clings to modernity. He still cannot handle the premodern or  paleo-orthodox acceptance of scripture at face value as inerrant. He is  thoroughly modern in his view of science. He also clings to much of the  destructive criticism of modernity. Toss in some  multiculturalism/liberationism and it quickly becomes apparent that Oden is  not the pure paleo-orthodox theologue he claims to be. The main idea is  sound though.     