 Christian Apologetics in the Postmodern World is a compilation of essays addressing the question, How should Christians do apologetics in light of the new and unfamiliar challenges of postmodern culture and philosophy?   The essays are radically uneven in quality, from Philip D. Kenneson's  excellent and groundbreaking "There's No Such Thing as Objective Truth, and  It's a Good Thing, Too" to the mediocre and laughably ethnocentric  "Christian Apologetics in the African-American Grain" by Ronald Potter.  Of  the 11 articles, only three merit the reader's attention.  First,  "Politically Incorrect Salvation" by William Lane Craig is a well-done  defense of evidentialist apologetics in the face of the overwhelmingly  presuppositional bent of postmodernism.  The central idea of his essay is  that the church must maintain its claim of particularism, in opposition to  the gospel of tolerance propounded by the postmoderns with their distaste  for metanarratives.  Second, James Sire's "On Being a Fool for Christ and  an Idiot for Nobody: Logocentricity and Postmodernity" is likewise a  frontal attack on the anti-metanarrative mindset of postmodernism.  Sire  argues that Christians must stress their logocentricity in contrast to the  pomos but must also provide subjective apologetical testimony to back up  their arguments for logocentricity.  His essay seeks a rapprochement  between modernism and postmodernism.  Third, the aforementioned essay by  Philip Kenneson, the best in the book, in my opinion, directly applies the  insights of postmodernism to Christian faith.  Kenneson uses Sire as a foil  for his argument and has quite a penchant for strawman construction; he  woefully misrepresents Sire's plea for ontological realism as an argument  for epistemological realism.  Likewise, Kenneson underestimates the extent  to which postmoderns like Rorty are actually adherents to ontological  relativism, which Sire correctly denounces as self-defeating.  But,  overall, Kenneson's essay is very good.     