 Morris here presents an incisive critique of Schaeffer's apologetic -- both its method and its content. He begins with an examination of  Schaeffer's presuppositional approach, which manifested itself in three  major arguments for Christian theism: the Metaphysical, Epistemological,  and Moral Arguments. The metaphysical argument proceeds along the lines of  the classical cosmological and teleological arguments. In order to explain  the reality of human personality - the mannishness of man, as Schaeffer put  it - we must posit the existence of an ultimate personality. Likewise, to  preserve the existence of cause and effect relationships, we must  presuppose the existence of an ultimate rationality. Christian theism  provides for both of these basic needs with its claim for the existence of  an ultimate infinite-personal-rational God. The epistemological argument  attempts to show the usefulness of Christianity in explaining both the  knowing subject and the known object, as well as ascribing meaning to human  existence. Antitheistic thought is unable to provide a way to distinguish  between reality and fantasy, a failing due to its lack of a basis for  truth. If all thought is the result of the random movements of atoms or  basic particles, then one thought can be no truer than another. Naturalism  also cannot provide any guarantee for the reality of extramental existence.  All these problems, asserts Schaeffer, spring from the starting point of  rationalistic autonomy, a presupposition that excludes divine revelation.  From the autonomous starting point, one can speak only of phenomena and  never of noumena. Man cannot know the thing in itself. Naturalism is the  result and man is plunged below the line of despair, unable to explain the  meaning that he feels compelled to ascribe to his life. Starting from the  Reformation axiom of divine revelation - He is there and He is not silent -  man is justified in attributing an ultimate purpose to his life, he has a  basis for distinguishing truth from falsehood, and he is able to tell the  difference between reality and fantasy. The moral argument undertakes to  explain the reality of and justification for human moral judgments. Moral  judgments are foundational to human society and inescapable - even atheists  think it is wrong not to believe atheism. The impersonal starting point of  naturalism, however, cannot provide a basis for making moral judgments. If  man is but a collocation of atoms, then the rearrangement of these atoms -  sometimes call murder - cannot be considered wrong. Cruelty becomes a  meaningless term. Man cannot live devoid of morality or a moral sense, so  he creates one. But all humanly manufactured systems of morality fall short  of satisfying human longing for absolute, transcendent moral standards.  Christianity, on the other hand, does provide such a foundation in the  infinite-personal God and his commands. Only the Christian presupposition  can explain man's awareness of moral standards and his current inability to  abide by them. Morris critique consists of five major points. First,  Morris contends that Schaeffer fails to recognize the importance of  predispositions in addition to presuppositions. Predispositions are  non-propositional orientations such as likes and dislikes, cultural  factors, and the aggregate of experiences of life. By ignoring  predispositions, Schaeffer treats the unbeliever as a completely rational  being who rationally deduces propositions from axioms and realizes all the  implications of his beliefs. But humans are not like this. Second,  Schaeffer claims too much for his arguments. If valid, then at best they  prove some kind of immaterial, personal being, but not the Trinitarian,  incarnational God of the Bible, and in no way do they prove the reliability  of the Scriptures or other fundamental beliefs of Christianity. Third,  Schaeffer impugns modern irrationalists like Kierkegaard and Sartre for  taking a leap of faith in order to cross the line of despair. But, Morris  points out, Schaeffer takes the leap of faith at the beginning of his  endeavor. Presuppositions are nonlogical beliefs in that they have no  basis, but are themselves the basis for all other beliefs. Therefore,  everyone takes some kind of nonlogical leap of faith. Certainty is a  chimera. Fourth, Schaeffer presents his arguments as conclusive. He acts as  though they really prove Christianity. But in reality all he has done, if  his arguments are correct, is to disprove naturalism. This "indirect  proof" of Christianity is no proof at all. If we cannot prove  Christianity, if presuppositions and predispositions are intractable, as  Morris seems to indicate, then what is the use of apologetics? Is it not a  futile endeavor? In Part 2 of his book, Morris addresses these concerns. He  concludes that apologetics is indeed futile - apart from the grace and work  of the Holy Spirit on the heart of the unbeliever. As with the proclamation  of the Gospel, the Christian's witness is never efficacious unless the Holy  Spirit empowers it. Morris also addresses the question of  presuppositionalism vs. evidentialism. He believes that presuppositionalism  is a valid, indeed necessary, approach in confrontation with atheistic  thought, but that evidentialism serves its purpose in dialogue with other  theistic systems. I heartily recommend this insightful evaluation of  Schaffer's thought to anyone interested in apologetics and apologetical  method. Morris presents a readable and organized account of Schaeffer's  strengths and weaknesses. I have but a few reservations. First, Morris  criticizes Schaeffer for the imprecision and incompleteness of his  arguments. I believe this is a result of Morris' background in analytic  philosophy. He wants every premise to be explicit and every argument to be  detailed and exact. But to expect this from the man of L'Abri is to  misunderstand Schaeffer's role. Schaeffer was primarily an evangelist and  thus his style is more that of a propagandist (in the best sense of the  word) than a trained philosopher.  My second disagreement with Morris  centers on his endorsement of Schaeffer's use of hypothesis in apologetics.  It seems to me that the very notion of hypothesis is the product of the  Enlightenment mentality which both Morris and Schaeffer were trying to  overturn. It calls to mind the idea of the objective, neutral,  presuppositionless man choosing a worldview. But it never happens like  that. Presuppositionalists say that starting points are chosen, not proved.  But we must take it one step farther. We say that starting points are given  not chosen. No man who adheres to naturalistic presuppositions is able to  choose a Christian worldview. The fundamental desires and values of  Christians are at variance with those of atheists. How then does the  gestalt switch from naturalism to Christianity take place, since no piece  of evidence or even logical argumentation can effect it? The answer is that  the Holy Spirit regenerates the heart of the unbeliever, reshaping the  values and desires, and providing him with an entirely new worldview and  set of predispositions.  Third, and related to my second criticism, is  Morris' use of the concept of probability. He seems to think that  probability is a useful tool in apologetic argumentation, but fails to  realize the way this compromises the nature of Christian doctrine. Starting  points, by their very nature, cannot be ascribed a degree of probability.  They are themselves the measurement, basis, and standard for determining  probability. If the existence of God and the inspiration of the Scriptures  are the starting points of Christianity, as I believe they must be, then  they admit of no probability. They must be argued for presuppositionally,  not evidentially. In toto, though, Morris' critique is an excellent read,  a good summary of Schaeffer's thought, and an enlightening examination of  apologetic methodology.     