 Lesslie Newbigin, who was a missionary in India, general secretary of the  International Missionary Council, and associate general secretary of the  World Council of Churches, knew a lot about methods in missions and  apologetics, most of it garnered from experiences sharing the Gospel with  people who shared almost nothing in common with the Western, Christianized  worldview. This book represents the culmination of his thought in  apologetics and philosophy. It is a ringing rejection of the  foundationalist and Enlightenment tradition in Western Philosophy. In  Chapter 1, Newbigin begins with a brief history of the relationship between  faith and reason. Augustine and the early fathers viewed faith as the way  to knowledge, a sentiment encapsulated in the motto credo ut intellegam.  The early Christians sought to take the language of the dominant Greek  philosophy and infuse it with new meanings. Their use of logos is a good  example. Chapter 2 chronicles the Thomist synthesis. Newbigin sees  Aquinas as separating knowledge from faith. Aquinas asserts the existence  of certain knowledge - knowledge that does not depend on faith. Aquinas  also brings the division between the god of the philosophers and the God of  the Bible. The first is the one known through reason alone; the second is  known only through revelation. In addition, Aquinas based faith on reason,  a move that led to the skepticism of Hume, who disproved Aquinas's theistic  arguments and thus left faith without a basis. The Thomistic tradition of  the search for a certain foundation found its most radical expression in  Descartes. Newbigin points to Descartes as the beginning of the idea that  certainty could be found through radical doubt, doubt that pared away  unjustified beliefs until only the self-evident foundation remained as the  Gibraltar upon which an entire body of knowledge could be built. This  search for certainty brought only nihilism, Newbigin asserts in Chapter 3,  as Descartes' starting point produced a number of dualisms that have  plagued Western philosophy since. Newbigin believes that Michael Polanyi  shows the way out of this skeptical nihilism, with his repudiation of the  objective/subjective dualism. Polanyi's notion of personal knowledge aids  Christianity by showing that all knowledge is contextual - that is, part of  a tradition - and that beliefs do not have to be justified or even  justifiable in order to rise to the level of knowledge. This is because all  knowledge depends on certain assumptions that can not be proved, but that  are accepted on faith. Any philosophy that requires certainty can never  transcend the solipsism of Descartes' cogito. The redemptive narrative of  Scripture can never provide that kind of certainty, but neither can any  other livable philosophy. This realization leads to Newbigin's exposition  of the Christian doctrine of revelation and knowledge. Knowledge comes by  grace alone. We do not gain truth by free inquiry. Instead, truth is the  precondition for free inquiry. Because all truth claims by necessity occur  within a context, there are few demonstrably objective truths, which isn't  to say that there is no objective truth. Newbigin concludes with a  rousing affirmation of the historicity of the resurrection, the  infallibility of the Scriptures, and the fiduciary nature of all knowledge.  He ends by advocating a form of apologetics that is virtually identical to  evangelism, but which includes the destruction of non-believing systems.  Apologetics is first and foremost proclamation. This is one of the best  books on apologetics and religious epistemology that I have ever read. It  is clearly written and persuasively argued. Together with the work of  Gordon Clark and Alvin Plantinga, the ideas in this book should change the  face of apologetics and the nature of the Christian defense as it confronts  an increasingly postmodern world. Evidentialists and classical apologists  continue to adhere to unbiblical notions of knowledge, proof, and certainty  at their own peril. Their apologetic paradigms are exposed as powerless in  the face of the postmodern onslaught. Newbigin was prophetic in his  prescience and should be heeded by all Christians who are interested in the  defense of the faith.     