 Dialogical Apologetics is a very well done exploration of apologetical  methodology. The book is divided into two parts: theoretical and practical.  The theoretical section begins with an outline of traditional approaches to  the relation between faith and reason. Clark expresses support, though  equivocal, for the recently articulated Reformed Epistemology of Plantinga,  Alston, and Wolterstorff. He then deals with the foremost opponent of  Christianity in recent centuries: science, or more accurately, scientism.  Clark sketches the developments in philosophy of science and their  implications for epistemology in general. Though he rejects the more  extreme relativistic formulation of Kuhn, he does accept the many insights  that such a paradigm-based approach offers, even comparing, rightly I  think, Christian conversion to a paradigm shift. Chapter four more  carefully defines the apologetic enterprise by articulating the concepts of  truth, proof, and evidence, concluding that proof is context-dependent and  that the apologetic approach must be largely determined by audience.  Dialogue is the most effective method for apologetic encounters because it  allows the argumentation to be tailored to the listener's needs. Clark  expounds this idea more fully in Chapter Five, where he explains the  failure of the traditional apologetic methods and pinpoints the common  problem. They fail because they claim exclusivity. They fail to center  their approach in the person/s they address. Dialogical apologetics seeks  to escape this by emphasizing conversational apologetics centered on the  audience's needs. Part Two delves more deeply into the practical side of  apologetics with chapters on logical argumentation and analysis, attitudes  and their role in apologetics, cultural differences, and  persuasion. Dialogical Apologetics would serve well as an introductory  text for an apologetics course as it provides helpful overviews of the  developments in contemporary epistemology and philosophy of science and  transcends the usual presuppositionalist/evidentialist dichotomy, although  it leans strongly toward presuppositionalism. My only complaint is that  Part Two is fluff and could have been condensed into one chapter. Clark's  main idea, though, is sound: apologetics must be context-sensitive and  person-relative and is best practiced in a conversation or dialogue.     