 Not enough has been forthcoming, unfortunately, in deference to our beloved Leslie Cheung, whose final film before his shocking and heart-numbing suicide resonates with the kind of haunting emotional static that confounds the mind, terrifies the soul, and renders helpless the heart's desire to rescue this good and beautiful, yet tormented person, too tortured by his OWN "inner senses," to give US prognosticative Leslie-loving ghosts (the actual HEALERS in the movie) sufficient insight by which to have read the warning signs of, and thereby take protective actions on behalf of, a twisted, roiling spirit in extremis.  Whether or not SOME PEOPLE understood what Leslie's real-life fate would be, having witnessed his "reel" fate in "Inner Senses," is a moot argument.  The man who threw himself from atop a penthouse-style bar in a ritzy downtown Hong Kong Hotel that fateful day in April 2003, cannot REWIND the REAL.  There is no PAUSE button.  Everybody thought it was an "April Fool's Stunt," another bout of virtual unreality, over-the-top Leslie-style (no sick pun intended).  Yet ... no joke:  Leslie's gone.  There is no REWIND.  No STOP!  The millions of Leslie worshippers worldwide CANNOT edit or redact "cinema verite" in the post-production dailies room, when the verity trump-cards "the reel world."  Leslie's death was real.  Why didn't we see it coming?  And why could we not rescue him, from himself, or to the "inner senses" ostensibly beyond his control, or the control of his doctors and well-intentioned "caregivers," to harness constructively and organically transmogrify Leslie's "overwhelming demons" into "outer-others-centered, constructively happifying senses."  Why couldn't we help Leslie recover from his not unsurprising depression?  Why could we not turn the compost of his seeming dreadful future into eternal living roses?  Notwithstanding Leslie, as cinema qua cinema, "Inner Senses" is just okay.  It's not as brilliant in its plotline as "The Sixth Sense," to which its been compared voluminously, yet by no means would I assign any sense of plagiaristic causation, either intentional or otherwise, to this initially small but now prodigiously huge gift from Hong Kong to the wide world of horror fans (and the rest of us) who feast or engender our curiosity upon the macabre and the gothic, no matter how faded, jaded or jejune.  Which is, in the end, probably the reason that we did NOT observe, let alone understand, the red alarm bells ringing everywhere throughout Cheung's "cinematic suicide letter" to us - exit, stage loft.  And thus, Leslie Cheung became the "Richard Cory" at the dawn of the 21st century.  "He fluttered pulses when he said, 'Good morning,' and [she] glittered when [she] walked."  We were far too enamored with Leslie Cheung "The Demigod" and "Goddess," to perceive the androgyne so-fastidiously concealed, so sufferingly sheltered, within the velvet mask.  "Inner Senses" earns its 5 stars alone because Leslie Cheung is in it, and what's even more germane, its his swan song to us, his adoring "fandemic."  That fandemic has only burgeoned with the loss of our favorite Cantonese son, secret idol, phantasy lover, and immortal beloved.  So what could we have done to save a precious life, not an icon, but a real life.  It is rare but unbearably compelling, that we incorporate film into art therapy, the groundbreaking therapeutic neoscience, not so necessarily groundbreaking or "neo," given the fact its been in our arsenal of healing medicinal oeuvre for over 5,000 years.  Only recently, however, has ANY SIGNIFICANT scientific credence at all been vouchsafed to Oriental intra-inter-integrative therapies.  You could say, especially in the high-profile case of Cheung, "it's all been a terrible Occident."  Many would point out that my thoughts and ideas here are fuzzy-speculative at best, refried dog turd at worst.  But what CAN we learn from film?  Are we mere passive intakers of 24 frames per second confabulatory unreality?  Or do we SEE the men and women behind the facades of fable, the story behind the story tellers?  Do we even care?  Well, I think it is fair to say we cared a LOT when Leslie left us, just as we did when John Belushi, Chris Farley, and so many other shining lights burnt out before our startled eyes, like the klieg lights in a shutting-down theater.  Even the divorce of Nicole Kidman to Tom Cruise following the grueling creation of "Eyes Wide Shut" (which effectively killed director Stanley Kubrick's "marriage" (his life, fueled by filmic art) as well), serves as a clue to the reality that we as star-gazers have at least some responsibility, in preserving our "guiding-stars in Wide-screen Technicolor Heaven" from burning out irreplaceably.  But stars are stars.  How do we reach them; even traveling at the speed of cinematic light, which most of us are quite inept at doing?  We expect our movie stars, like our baseball idols, basketball heroes, wrestling juggernauts and even, yes - many living religious compassion gardeners (the tender-hearted little monk Thich Nhat Hanh comes to mind), to be beyond our ken, the reach which exceeds our grasp.  Yet what's a Heaven for?  All of us are human.  The good, the bad, we CANNOT dualize reality and confound the indomitable paradox of the unity of the web of all life.  Had Cheung been able to read the new book just out, "Yi Shu: The Art of Living With Change - Integrating Traditional Chinese Medicine, Psychodrama, and The Creative Arts," authored by internationally-acclaimed Professor, Psychologist, Social Worker, Artist and Art Therapist Gong Shu of Saint Louis, Missouri (published by F.E. Robbins & Sons Press), and had he been able to be under the care of Dr. Gong, whose compassion I find boundless and who saved my own, unfamous, unglamorous but nonetheless REAL life in 1995 from certain self-slaughter, for any length of time - then perhaps we would be enjoying Leslie's latest celluloid dessert tomorrow, or perhaps Leslie would decide to abandon theatre altogether, in favor of a more relaxed, less phantasy-imbrued, less hyper-virtual "sur-REELity" lifeline.  We just don't know, or can ever know.  Leslie left us, not with a swan song after all, but with a tragic and forever-inexplicable, swan dive.  We failed him, not as cineastes, but as compassionate contemplators and activists ourselves, in the all-too-real and inarguably cruel, world each one of us knows as "the living stage."     