 The first thing which strikes you like a thunderbolt upon reading this absorbing CPID ("Can't Put It Down") biography of A.C. is his childhood.  Raised in a suffocatingly Christian ("Plymoth Brethren") household, the young Crowley worships his father Edward, who dies suddenly of cancer at age 43 when the boy is only 11.  Devastated by this loss, and "not fond" (an understatement) of his mother Emily, the young "Alick" undergoes a kind of "pubescent perturbation," or - perhaps far more aptly - a psychic revolt.  Mother Emily, extremely devout in her religiosity and deeply disturbed by her son's (and only child's) "decline" (increasingly following Edward's death, A.C. "acts out" in school, questioning EVERYTHING religious (e.g., "How could Christ have been in the grave 3 days if he died on Friday and rose on Sunday?"), getting himself into ever greater trouble with his headmasters, allegedly torturing and killing an alley cat in order to test the "theory" that a feline has "nine lives," etc.), surprisingly or maybe not so, she is the FIRST to dub her very own son "The Great Beast" (as in - The Devil of St. John's "Revelation").  Notice any patterns here?  Aleister Crowley's real-life onset of puberty (triggered by the death of his beloved father Edward) is a near PARALLEL to the fictitious-life pubescence onset of the girl "Carrie" in Stephen King's eponymously-titled novel and Brian de Palma's seminal filmic masterpiece.  Like Crowley, Carrie White possesses "praeternatural powers," Magick (a term coined by Crowley).  Also like Crowley, Carrie is the victim of a domineering, religiously-sick matriarch (Margaret White), much-feared and much-detested by her only child (again, like Crowley).  Unlike Carrie, however, Aleister escapes from his spirit-killing environs, and his opinion of his mother's calling him "The Great Beast" (a moniker Crowley could never live down, being as it was, however hyperbolically, invented by his own mother) is well documented:  "...[she] was insane, in the sense that all people are who have water-tight compartments to the brain, and hold with equal passion incompatible ideas, and hold them apart lest their meeting should destroy both."  Could the same be said with compelling accuracy of the fictive "matermonstro" Margaret White, who claims of her daughter, "and now the devil hath come home."  You as reader must be the final judge and juror of this reviewer's trope.  Has art in fact imitated life, the reverse, or none of the above?  Let's pause for a moment to consider...  Two insights Sutin renders clear as crystal balls:  First, Aleister (a play on both "Alice" and "Alexander" - a kind of subtle tribute on Crowley's part to his own sexual androgyny or bisexuality, with which he grappled and struggled all his life, due to his Victorian-aristocratic milieu no doubt), is a world-traveling scholar; a (literally) mountain-climbing adventurist; a pyramid-excavating archaeologist and anthropologist (at least in his highest and finest aspirations and dreams); an unalloyed, erudite thinker, writer and polyglot; way, WAY more inclined towards "science" than "seance," and NOT a mere occultist hack.  Not a Satanist.  Not a "Black Magician."  But a scientist, researcher, "Indiana Jones"-type delver into the unknown, the esoteric and the macabre - YES!  To all of the above.  Second, Crowley is, bar none, the epitome of the "Victorian aristocrat."  Born into money, he tries to live life, every moment of it, to its very fullest; he definitely "works to live" ONLY, and when money problems eventually catch up to him, A.C. is understandably at a loss, relying more upon magick than blood, sweat and tears to "pull his high-brow self up by its bootstraps."  Crowley believes life owes him a living and this reputation, in part, is what more often than not, gets him into troubles.  "He has an air!" as his contemporaries tell of him.  True enough.  But don't ALL Victorian aristocrats?  Who are we to judge Aleister who, at LEAST, tried to DO SOMETHING with his means and money, rather than "live" the life of the effete elitist.  Granted, Crowley WAS an elitist, but he was "Everyman's Elitist," and willing to die climbing mountains to prove it.  Now back to our allegory of "Carrie" and "Crowley" ...  Please keep in mind, the purpose of this review is NOT intended simply (let alone idly) to draw curious parallels or correlations (or, heaven forfend - "caus(effect)ations"), however pattern-recognistic or "clever," between a piece of brilliant fiction ("Carrie") and a brilliant piece of biographical nonfiction (Sutin's book under review here).  But the point should be clear enough:  Where there is striking imbalance environmentally in the life of any young person of remarkable "capacities," SOME sort of balance seeks to overthrow the "absurdity," THE HORRIFIC IMBALANCE - vis a vis the nature of Hegelian dialectic - thesis versus antithesis - hydrogen antiposed with oxygen.  Seeking synthesis:  Typically with cataclysmic results and consequences.  In Crowley's case, Edward's death marked the END of Christianity as "THE ANSWER" to the problem of human suffering (or, more generally, "the problem of the human [or inhuman] condition" itself) for the once-compleatly-devoted son.  With the unresurrected loss of HIS CHRIST (Father Edward), Crowley tossed the whole lot of "The Plymoth Brethren" out the window (much to his mother's grief-stricken terror), and from 11 onward, A.C. went seeking for HIMSELF (and this is the true message Sutin wants us to take away from his book), not so much "the meaning of life" but - an experience of being alive!  One could translate that quest into the title of the book itself - "Do As Thou Wilt."  And by extension, Crowley's most-famous utterance and argument in his 1904 publication, "The Book of the Law."  Crowley extended this monosyllabic quotation which has since become the MOST famous phrase from his most-famous publication, "Do as thou wilt shall be the whole of the Law."  In other words, ALL religions are half truths.  Duh?  This jibes with what Carl Jung wrote, "religion is a defense against a religious experience."  Or as Daisetz Susuki observed [paraphrased]:  "To find God, you must leave God, the ultimate leave-taking, God for God."  That is to say, one has to go BEYOND God to find God!  "God" (as concept) is the FINAL obstacle, obstruction, blockage to God (experienced).  And Crowley's life is nothing if not questing after one religious experience after another, after another, after another - from climbing mountains around the globe, to bringing Buddhism to the West, to introducing "free love" to an otherwise pathologically-repressed Victorian society (one might be wont to consider, as an analogue to Christ's own problem, "no BEAST is without honor except in his own homeland"), ripe for the blackest conspiratorial machinations of a Jack the Ripper, but NOT for "make love, not [violence]."  Francis Ford Coppola sums up the Crowley paradox nicely in his film "Dracula" starring Gary Oldman:  "There is MUCH to be learned from BEASTS."  Thus Sutin compellingly shows us the HUMANITY of Crowley The Man who, although he did experiment rampantly with supposedly "occult arts," NEVER committed atrocities such as human sacrifice or engaged in Satanic rituals, black masses, or other sadistic practices supposedly attributed to him by his detractors (like the Marquis de Sade himself, Crowley was MUCH more the arch self promoter and literary figure than "monster qua monster").  Still, both men didn't mind in the least their vicious reputations, giving credence to the credo:  All publicity is good publicity.  And yet both men wrestled with their reputations too.  Neither wanted to be miserable or thought of as the cause of all misery.  Quite the reverse.  Both Sade and Crowley sought freedom, happiness, "Heaven on Earth," albeit through at times, unconventional means.  In pushing the envelope, they sometimes tore it.  Blake's "road to excess leads to the palace of wisdom" was quite in keeping with Sade's and Crowley's mindsets, yet this so-called "palace of wisdom" can in truth, sometimes be a dungeon of unimaginable horrors.  Such can be the price of unbridled intellectual freedom.  For in truth:  To know "God" is to know that "God" has BOTH - a benevolent AND a wrathful aspect (like Shiva, at once the Lord of Sex AND the Lord of Death; or Crowley's OWN personal favorite deity - the Egyptian Horus), at least to all human perception limited in the field of space and time.  But I wish not to digress too tangentially in this review upon metaphysical matters or implications beyond the scope of the book.  Yet NOT to WONDER about these "matters" is to nearly reject Crowley altogether.  So brief asides in metametaphysics arise naturally.  Cut to the finale:  Please read Sutin's work for two reasons, if for two reasons alone:  1.  To realize that Aleister Crowley is human, just like you and me.  Yes!  He's an amazing man, thought-provoking, inventive, archly adventuresome, granted at times hedonistic but he is, after all, human.  Yes.  Just like you and me.  ANY of can be a Crowley, or Crowleyesque, if we want to.  Or not.  2.  To point out that Crowley's central quest in life was ALWAYS to experience life, to push its envelope to the max without tearing that envelope (and thus going completely insane).  To conquer new horizons as yet unexplored (most of these being - the interior realms of the human "soul," as opposed to say, "outer space").  Yes, Crowley could be and was, by his own admission, a selfish, self-serving, spoiled-brat of a "beast."  He wasn't cut out to be a "saint."  But nor was he cut out to be a Hitlerian "devil."  A.C. was a man constantly on "the edge of discovery," endlessly probing for new experience; a kind of "field version" of Joseph Campbell or Marshall McLuhan.  Of course by Victorian standards of his time, Crowley could easily be judged "the wickedest man alive," simply by virtue of the immensity of his libido, which was anathema to Victorian "propriety."  But what of THAT twaddle?  As Campbell wrote, "the vices of the past are the virtues of the present, and the virtues of the past are the vices of the present."  So Crowley was INDEED, a man AEONS (to use his own term) AHEAD of his time, and this may well explain his immense popularity amongst today's post-postmodern world audience.  If Crowley were REALLY the devil, why would Mussolini have expelled him from Italy?  Wouldn't devils want to stick together like fiends of a demonic feather?  No, Sutin's message is - "live life."  Not necessarily the way Crowley lived his.  But "THE WAY" your life is meant to be lived, and assuredly, Crowley tried VERY HARD to live his life the way he felt "called" to live it, right through to the end, even as an unintentional heroin addict (for who among heroin addicts EVER intends to become one?).  Closing this review with a pun Crowley himself might appreciate, I would take his "law" (which Crowley himself scoffed at from time to time, never one to take himself TOO seriously; a mark of the True Trickster Deity which, if anything, Crowley WAS and still IS):  "Life is a flower, so DO, as Thou Wilt!"  [Laugh here, if thou wilt.]  Crowley did, and both he and Sutin remind all of us, to do the same.  Because the ULTIMATE message of the man, if he can be compared to other luminaries, including Christ, including The Buddha, including Mohammed, Gandhi, Moses, Sadat, and countless other true-life heroes:  "Heaven isn't a place 'out there.'  It's a place inside each one of us."  Yes, this is gnosticism, and Crowley was nothing if not a gnostic.  But why should gnosticism be aligned with "evil?"  Because the Vatican says so?  Who would NOT want the kingdom of heaven to be spread out upon the earth, here and now.  If not now, then when?  If not here, then where?  Crowley sought Heaven, here and now.  Did he find it?  Yes, I think so, climbing the Himalayas, making love to his "Scarlet Woman," waging "Magic War" against rival Golden Dawn leader Mathers.  Was Crowley, as Ozzy Osbourne asks in his song dedicated to the magus, "polemically sent?"  Well yes, of course he was.  That's what's so intriguing about him.  Would that ALL of us can be so intriguing, so illuminating or at least, INTERESTING, and living the life out of our own natures, rather than as Walter Mittyesque creatures/cretins straight out of a T.S. Eliot "Wasteland" hell.  Long live "The Law."  Nike (also "The Goddess of Victory") knows the Crowleyian spirit well:  "Just Do It!"  Crowley did, and Sutin invites us into his world, proving the man behind the mythos, and thus demystifying the infinitely mysterious (a paradox), making one's OWN humanity, ONLY THAT MUCH *M*O*R*E* mysterious, exciting, provocative and promising.  Crowley is to be learned from; NOT - like Carrie White - burned to a crumb.  Then one is forced to wonder just WHO the REAL beasts of this universe we inhabit, GENUINELY are.  There is MUCH to be learned, from this book.     