 Anyone who has ever worked with renowned psychodramatist, psychologist and art therapist Dr. Gong Shu of China will be able to resonate with this germane film.  Because "The Cell" is psychodrama played out at its best -- written large, swift and powerful.  Most importantly-- healing!  And real!  Far from being psychobabble, this "reel world" reality is where the best work in psychiatry and psychology merge with the ageold art of the medicine man or, in this case, woman.  Like "Altered States" only more so, "The Cell" should be required viewing in every psych department across America. Leave it to the East to shake the West awake once again, as dawn-fresh director Singh does just this and infinitely more.  Everything about this movie relates to the balance or funambulism required betwixt extremes in order for life to perdure, and Jennifer Lopez gives the performance of a lifetime as a Gong-Shu-like doctor challenged to "heal the split" of damaged hearts and minds.  Fractured souls requiring the tender loving touch of a strong but compassionate woman. Not since "Henry, Portrait of a Serial Killer" has there been a film with more insight into the turbulence, unbearable paradoxes and chronic pain extant in a tortured human psyche cyclically haunted by its cumulative past. The innocent little boy Karl is counterbalanced, nay completely thrown off balance, by his larger-than-demonic-life "father-figure," intermixed with dolls, beloved farm animals and pets, and toys turned into tools of terror - a totally destroyed childhood, innocence raped, then flourishing into full-throttle sexual overdrive combined:  the inability of the middle self to reconcile unconscionably negative karma with (as opposed to against) futurepresent hope and redemption, shattered peace/[] equanimity, greenhouse aggression resulting in flowering sociopathy.  This is Poe's "Descent into the Maelstrom" for the 21st century. Singh uses technology expertly, like a loaded gun, which is moot to say whether that is good or evil in and of itself, but loaded nonetheless.  Technology is technology and is always catastrophically numbing in its inaugural effects, which is why Jennifer Lopez provides just the right anaesthesia for this complicated and dicey surgery.  Water both gives life and can drown.  Pleasure and pain are interchangeable to the damaged soul.  In this sense "The Cell" is McLuhanesque because Karl the Serial Killer, the ultimate "enfant terrible," uses all kinds of extensions of himself, including actual hooks and wires embedded into and extended from his flesh, to amplify, heighten, speed up and store, electrify, restore to utter and by so doing outer his enraged statements about his childhood unjustly wrecked, his creative infrastructure cracked, his adult orgasm realized and then exploded out of the child-man whose childhood was triturated, bleached out like one of his poor "dolls," leaving only the monster in the man.  But of course the innocent child yet remains, the Buddha core endures, buried deep deep inside, where Lopez excavates, finds and nurtures it.  Even if she can't save it. A mesmerizing musical score transmigrates the audience into the inner realm of what can only be described indescribably as the soul of the human heart (soulscape?), or the entire human system, sine qua non.  Each of us is a package deal, a box of quirks, past present and future.  Only the subtlety and yin-sensibility of Eastern suprapantheism could give this movie what it earns however-- credibility as a working metaphor for healing creatures damaged enmasse by genocidal speed-of-light change, stuff put out long before it's thought out, tragic misunderstandings of the mass Medea. Great understated acting from everyone leaves Singh to work his magic as directorial shaman seamlessly.  A greater humanist could not be conceived of, and by the end of this seminal psychodrama (which resolves itself courageously, realistically, and on chords of irridescent hope), all are left with the sense that each one of us must treat himelf or herself and all other creatures on this planet with care and tenderness and utmost gentleness constantly; watching what we do moment by moment, in order that we not damage one another further.  Life after all is damaging enough in and of itself; life lives on life axiomatically.  Yet if we are to survive as a species, cell for cell, humans must somehow surcease, somehow overcome, somehow come to grips with (with the metasoul of a compassionate being like Lopez's archetypal social worker) our internecine ways.  Kay Redfield Jamison says, "in order to conquer a monster, first it must be beautified."  Francis Ford Coppola echoes:  "there is much to be learned from beasts."  Singh it!     