 This game arrives under the name "Rummika," but it's the same game as "Rummy Cube" or "Rummy Block" (or however you've come to know and love it) with 106 tiles, two jokers (one red, one black), 4 hand-crafted wooden tile stands (each holding a total of 24 tiles maximum).  What sets this particular version of the classic Rummy tile mindbender by Sterling Games (a subsidiary of Sunnywood, Inc.) apart from all the others, however, is the beauty, style, grace and classiness with which the manufacturers have painstakingly-crafted, out of real pine-grained wood, what is arguably, the PERFECT "brainiac sport" gift for any person, aged 7 or older.  The all-fine-wood carrying case is a HUGE BONUS for ANY "Class-A" Rummika aficionado.  Hey, there's nothing wrong with a little bit of "showing off your Rummika," right?  :)  Make no mistake.  "Rummika" (or however you want to call it - Rummy Block, Rummy Cube, Rummy Tiles) is NOT an "easy" game.  It requires intense concentration, and can engender all-out, wild, madcap, intensive competition!  It's enormously fun, but it's not Parcheesi.  It's an IQ game of the highest order.  That's why I call it a "mindbender."  The key to winning is far less luck than PATTERN RECOGNITION (one of the most advanced faculties with which our good "thinking caps" have been gifted).  Those players with the best capacities to recognize patterns in the "playing area" and to create "melds" - either through "sets" (groups of colored number tiles, all of the same digit, say "7" for example), or "runs" (numbered tiles of the SAME color but in sequence of 3 or more, for example - "10," "11," "12," "13"), and the ability to RECONFIGURE the "board," sometimes changing it DRAMATICALLY, as if "reinventing a universe," these players WILL WIN!  The only "luck" factor comes with 2 "jokers" or "wild tiles," allowing any player to declare the joker to be ANY color, ANY digit.  Still there's a caveat to the joker which precludes luck:  If you use "him," you also have to replace him with the SAME color and number he was if on the playing surface previously, THEN add an additional 2 pieces of your own to "meld" with that joker.  At least, these are the "official" rules I was taught by my great aunt, a Mensa member.  You can always adapt the "jokers" to your own best playing style of course, to make "Rummika" as FUN as possible without it becoming TOO "mind blowing" (for up to 4 players; the more the better in fact - the game seems to move FASTEST when played with the full quorum of 4 competitors).  Finally, and on a personal note, I tip my hat and give grateful, prodigious thanks to Sunnywood (and Lynn Rush, their customer care representative), who went OUT OF THEIR WAY to help me.  You see, when my "Wood Case Rummy Game" arrived, the black joker tile had a "varnish defect" on its reverse side, making it unusable for play (because, obviously, everyone would know which tile, by virtue of the defect, is the black joker, begging the term "pick to cheat!").  All I had to do was e-mail Sunnywood, ask for a new, unblemished black joker tile, and within a couple days, I received it through their distribution care center in Illinois.  No muss, no fuss.  I did NOT have to send back my defective tile, or otherwise even have to prove my purchase date (although I was willing to do ALL that and more if necessary).  Nope.  A short, sweet e-mail to Sunnywood was sufficient.  Lynn Rush and Sunnywood wrote back to me the following e-letter immediately, and put the TRUE CARE in "customer care."  Thank you, Lynn; thank you Sunnywood - Sterling Games, from the center of my happy, pleased, delighted "Rummy Tile Loving" heart!  [...]     