 Si Han performs brilliantly as A-Lan, a young gay writer who falls madly  in love with Shi, a macho police officer (played by Hu Jun) who has  arrested and proceeds to interrogate him intensively.  A key idea to  understanding this film is that there is no such thing as love, real  compassionate devotionate unconditional love, without at least some  element(s) or component(s) of suffering or genuine sacrifice involved.  Si  Han's powerful acting renders A-Lan's ardent passion, suffering and  compassion into vivid cinematic actualization, translated very well to VHS  with excellent subtitling. There is mystery, subtlety, subtext, metaphor  and allusion in this movie which only heighten the audience's interest.   What, for example, is A-Lan referring to exactly when he speaks of his  being "married?"  We are captivated by this mesmerizing captive  as he gradually unveils his story, and his soul, to the cop, his captor,  his tormentor, possibly even his executioner, yet at the same time his  deeply beloved. In the hands of a lesser director this film might've  failed on any number of levels, but Zhang Yuan has crafted a jewel, a  delicate labor of love no less.  This film reminds the reviewer of the sort  of humanistic psychology reminiscent of Carl Rogers, also the kinds of  healing breakthroughs achieved by Gong Shu, art therapist and acclaimed  student of psychodrama's cofounder Zerka Moreno.  "East Palace, West  Palace" is so imbrued with hope, care, sensitivity and metanoia for  and towards its characters that one gets the feeling these actors (and  actresses) all of them are Yuan's own beloved children.  With a gentle but  firm, parental hand he directs and guides his exceptional cast to  incredible fruition in their compelling portrayals and core  revelations. There is something for everyone here.  There is fantastic  and poignant humor; one will come away never thinking of "bus" in  quite the same light ever again.  There is sex; lots of it, gobs of it,  sometimes even extremely violent sex, though rendered all-the-more  powerfully precisely because much of it is left to that ocean of sensuality  and eroticism itself, the theatre of the mind.  And there are moments in  this movie where your eyes will well with tears, and you will welcome  them. If it is true that, as comparative mytheologian Joseph Campbell  insists, "from sacrifice comes bliss," then the many and great  sacrifices Zhang Yuan made to bring "East Palace, West Palace" to  us are rewarded in the exceptional bliss which you will discover and engage  in this rare, precious and life-giving gem from Beijing.  Please don't miss  it.     