 First of all I was blown out of my socks when I heard that Rush had this new album out.  I'd been under the false impression since about '98 or so that the guys as a group had called it sayonara following their penultimate work, 96's "Test for Echo." (Since then Geddy and Alex had put out gloomy and overall underwhelming solo stuff, "My Favorite Headache" and "Victor," respectively.) Next I had to go out and buy this new album (TWICE! actually) because, like every other Rush fanaddict under the sun, I have to have EVERY freaking Rush album (sometimes twice!), right? Well... what I was hoping for was something a little more akin to "Counterparts," what I consider to be Rush's last REALLY GREAT album (1993), rather than "Test for Echo" which is, well, okay so-so IMHO, but not what I would consider superb. So this new album is alright but, alas (*sigh*) (*double* *sigh*), chastise me for saying so fellow fanaddicts, not Rush's best.  "Vapor Trails" is, however, HEAVY, and I mean, REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY HEAVY, powerfully so (should I say "deafeningly" ?), if you dig TONS of hyper-amped guitar work.  And on that level this album is profound! Yet I miss Geddy's keyboards, and I miss Alex's ACOUSTIC guitar, and I miss those wonderful stop-time punctuated gaps of pregnant silence we've so taken for awed granted ever since our favorite band conceived "Anthem" and "2112" and "Cygnus X-1." Having said this, Neil's lyrics here are superb as ever and the booklet which comes with V.T. is beautifully designed and crafted (by the incomparable master Hugh Syme) and engaging (the use of tarot card imagery ala the Ryder pack is particularly welcomed and involving, giving the album a delightful aura of captivating mystery). So you can tell V.T. is, like all previous Rush efforts bar none, a genuine labor of love, therefore my only complaint is that, well, and perhaps it's just me (correction-- it IS me), but I was wishing for something a tad mellower maybe, at least in a FEW of the songs. Go back to "Counterparts" if you want some of that. V.T. will blow you away song after song after song, all the way through, literally, as I was, and might leave you, as I am, "vaporized," and more than a touch wistful for (shall I say it?) a kinder, gentler "rush."     