 Fast forward in time.  Will Ferrell on SNL snarls, "Yeah!  That was BEFORE Styx started SUCKING BAAAAD!"  That was 1993.  What Will was referring to were the Styx albums starting with "Paradise Theatre" and ... er ... domo arigato - need we say more?  In fact, their immediately preceding album, "Cornerstone," was a harbinger of doooooooooooom for Styx.  "Babe," despite its myriad admirers, is and NEVER will be admired by true Styx aficionados.  "Babe" was a pure sell-out; Dennis DeYoung's swan song, and the beginning of Styx's swan dive into commercialistic caca.  But let's keep going back, and see what we find.  "Pieces of Eight" was a kickass album, good mojo.  Back.  "Crystal Ball" was an uneven masterpiece, with the debut of Tommy Shaw on board.  Back.  "Equinox" was a triumph.  ARGUABLY the best Styx album ever.  Just about every garage band I know has covered "Suite Madame Blue."  Back.  "Man of Miracles" - another uneven masterpiece, but very beautiful in places - like the wistful, haunting "Golden Lark" and "Mr. Christopher."  Not a triumph, but certainly not commercial.  Stop.  Now we come to "The Serpent is Rising."  Can you think of a bad song on this album?  Hmmmmm.  Listen to it.  Does it not evoke "Equinox?"  The energy.  Tremendous energy, beautifully harmonized and synchronized - "Witch Wolf," it doesn't rock harder or truer than this.  "Grove of Eglantine," beautiful and powerful.  "Young Man," a kick in the synapses.  The funny little "easter egg" song - "Don't Sit Down on the Plexi Glass Toilet" - not to be missed.  And "Jonas Psalter" - a biographical rock operella, with James Young crying out like the true-life pirate himself.  Finally - "Serpent is Rising" - a nice wrapup to an album with at least 5 *AWESOME* rockers; how many of today's albums can boast of THAT many good songs.  And important to note:  Nothing from "The Serpent is Rising" EVER became a commercial hit.  Higher praise than that, no progressive rock band can wish for.  This album is the best kept secret of the REAL STYX - before they sold out, not only to Will Ferrell, but to True Styx Lovers everywhere.  With the recent "reunion" album "Brave New World," there is a VESTIGE of the good old Styx.  But JUST a vestige.  One good song (maybe two) - "Cool World" and "Hip Hop Hippocracy."  But we're not reviewing the present.  This is a rearview mirror into the past, and if as Marshall McLuhan insists, "we're fast-forwarding into the future staring intently into our rearview mirrors," then maybe this is not so much a curse as a blessing.  At least in the case of "The Serpent is Rising."  Go back to 1973 with me.  Come on.  And stay for 40 minutes or so.  Put on your Sennheiser HD 650 headphones.  Plug in.  Tune in.  If the serpent doesn't rise up your spine after hearing this album, you're either deaf, dead, or not a Stygian.  Stygians only, please.     