 Director Tsai Ming-Liang handles the character of Hsiao-kang (Kang-sheng Lee), a young gay man full of loneliness, uncertainty, restlessness and shyness, with a great deal of tenderness, gentleness, mercy and parental affection. We don't know a lot about our character Hsiao-kang going in, except that he's ostensibly an educated, white-collar professional in sales; he's gay and he's suicidally depressed at the opening of the film. As the movie unfolds (like a quiet flower) however, we begin to realize that Hsiao-kang's depressed because he's unfulfilled, because he's lonelier than hell; he needs to find love; he's desperate and going a little nuts -- he doesn't seem to have a friend in the world. Luckily our director is so compassionate; instead of allowing his protagonist to get away with killing himself, he instead offers Hsiao-kang a second chance at life, and there is evidence by the end of the movie -- Hsiao-kang is no longer quite so suicidal, but is indeed endeavoring to work through his feelings more constructively, and struggling to connect better with others, especially with another man he's deeply interested in. Yet the struggle ahead of Hsiao is enormous, and director Tsai is not a sentimentalist. "Life is hard" could be the mantra for everything that goes on in "Vive L'amour" (ironically titled). Or as James Joyce put it, "life is a wonderful, wonderful opera, except that it hurts!" Life does hurt; for all of us. Bottom line: We care about what happens to poor Hsiao-kang. We want him to heal, to be okay with himself, to come to grips with who he is and what he wants, to get over his seemingly insurmountable obstacles (interpersonal as well as intrapersonal), and to find fulfillment(s) in life. Director Tsai Ming-Liang makes us like him. We yearn for Hsiao-kang's happiness, and we cheer him on... We would like to see a sequel to "Vive L'amour" in which Hsiao-kang continues his life's heroic journey, and hangs onto life's balance-beam courageously. And come to possess the man of his dreams too! We want that for him. Everybody needs to love and to be loved in this universe. In Buddhism we are taught that "the meaning of life is to be happy and to make others happy." This movie is a very effective "Part 1" or prequel to that much-wished-for denoument for this very brave young character. Our heart goes out to him, and to his creator.     