 It's tough to make good comedy these days.  "Starsky and Hutch" and even "Meet the Parents"/"Meet the Fokkers," and of course, anything Hugh Grant has done lately, are all "B" movies in comparison to what the likes of Mike Judge, Trey Parker and now, Danny Leiner are feeding us.  And we gulp it up like "sliders" and just can't get enough.  By way of prologue, it should be mentioned to those not in the know, White Castle is a REAL restaurant chain in the REAL world. It's not a filmic fiction in the "reel" world, which makes this comedic romp all the MORE fascinating.  For example, I never knew White Castles existed outside of St. Louis, Missouri. Now I know they exist all over, in New York, New Jersey, maybe every state besides. My parochialism was blasted to heaven. I had an epiphany, and I wasn't even stoned at the time. Wow, dude!  Then there are the buddies - the most unlikely pair of protagonists I've seen in movies ... perhaps ever. This isn't Owen Wilson and Ben Stiller. It's John Cho and Kal Penn, playing respectively, a Korean investment banker (Harold) and an Indian (or perhaps, Pakistani) genius med school hopeful (Kumar), roommates and best friends. And they like to get toasted on green every chance they can. What a fricking riot!  This is low-high comedy, right? Assuredly, but it also comments mordantly upon American values, issues, deep, disturbing societal problems, mythologies gone agley and ever-ripe misunderstandings blooming into mayhem in the REAL world. "Harold and Kumar" explores racial discrimination, collectively-ingrained prejudices, corporate cancer ala Mike Judge's "Office Space," T.S. Eliot's "The Wasteland" (where the cops no longer "serve and protect" but just want to kick ass, and the more minority ass the better - see "fascism"), sexual ambiguity, androgyny, sex itself, true love, "glasnost" (where different cultures can be friends without blowing each other to smithereens), and much much more.  The acting here is superb. Everyone seems exceptionally natural and the audience's suspension of disbelief is, amazingly enough, sustained throughout.  John Cho and Kal Penn have very bright cinematic futures ahead of them; that is - if they care.  Maybe getting "tuned in, turned on, tripped out" and searching doggedly for White Castles in the dead of night REALLY IS GOOD ENOUGH for the typical human soul, and is, as the movie comments poignantly, the fashion in which "[our] universe tends to unfold the way it should."  There are some AWESOME "dream sequences" which I won't spoil, but suffice it to say, I have never seen a man marry a giant bag of weed before, even placing a ring on "her" "finger," ever before in my entire life.  What an "extreme script!"  A jolt of superlative imagination.  Fred Willard delivers a dead-on, riotous cameo as a med school professor interviewing Kumar. It's always a delight to see Fred Willard, made wildly famous by such Christopher Guest films as "Best in Show" and "A Mighty Wind." See this movie if ONLY to admire Fred's performance.  And Neil Patrick Harris (better known as "Doogie Howzer") LIFTS this comedy to the rafters by a character (supposedly playing himself in "real life") far, far to the other end of the spectrum of Doogie. I won't give him away. You just have to see him "in action."  "Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle" will make you smile, it might make you belly-laugh in places (for instance, during the "Girl's Restroom at Princeton" scene - OUTRAGEOUS!  I LAUGHED TILL I FELL OUT OF MY CHAIR!); and ... especially if you've ever been acculturated in the whole "White Castle Mystology." Their burgers truly ARE different. One could make the argument that this whole movie in fact is one giant sendup advertainment to this particular fast-food franchise. Whatever. White Castles - either you love them or you pass. This film probably won't change people's particular appetites overnight, or ever. There's a White Castle less than a mile from my home, but I will always defer to a "Big Mac Attack."  What's groundbreaking though in this "destined-to-become-a-cult-classic" quirk of a piece are the buddies themselves - Harold and Kumar. They're American, yet they're also multi-ethnic and multi-cultural. Their bond as friends reaches FAR deeper than, say - Jackie Chan opposite ... pick any American. Jackie's too well known - his superstar status makes him TOO American. But John Cho and Kal Penn are, the impossibly, anonymously, unknown but brilliantly realized - "every (global village) man," strangers TRULY in a strange land (creating useful mythologies for themselves from veritable scratch along their Odyssean journey), and the synergy they form in "Harold and Kumar" is not to be missed. They make "Harold and Maude" seem absolutely mundane by comparison.  Are you open-minded? Do you appreciate ethnic diversity? Can you understand the "White Castle Mythos?" Are you stoned? Do you love off-the-wall, over-the-top, incredibly-madcap comedies?  If so, run, don't walk to your nearest DVD store and grab a copy of "Harold and Kumar..." Believe me, it's what you and any thinking-American MUST crave.  Then sit back and laugh till you cry.  Then celebrate by driving to your nearest White Castle and "load up."  The latter is optional.  The former is not.  Enjoy this special treat from Danny Leiner, a unique hilarious gift to all of us "jaded Americans."  I will be the first to admit that I am one of them, and "H & K" have helped me to become LESS of one (a "sleepwalking ass," that is).  Now where did I set my beloved water pipe?  Oh, that's right, it's still laying in the backyard after I passed out on the lawn last night.  Tummy filled with burgers.     