 This is the most interesting book in my collection. I am shocked that since this volume has become avaiable, only a single review has been submitted. Being a fisheries Ph.D student and long time salmonid fanatic, this is the book I've been waiting for my whole life. The design of this volume is great. Have any of you ever looked at a book's layout? This masterpiece should be studied in a graphics design course.  I specialize in scientific illustration (black & white technical stuff). Much of my work has been published in Dr. Balon's: Environmental Biology of Fishes and I dare say I have an eye for what's good within this field. While Tomelleri's early salmonids (see Fishes of the South central USA) are okay at best, the ones featured in this book are out of this world. Strangely, he includes some of his earliest works(p.71, p.261). These must have been added for sentimental reasons and have little value being included with the otherwise superb lateral views.  I find it strange to see the reaction of people when I show them particular pictures from this book. They seem to get equal enjoyment from all the illustrations, mainly because of the flamboyent salmonid colors. No one picks up on the astounding progression in style/technique that Tomellerri has gone through over the years. Yet it is very evident indeed. No one has pointed out that while all the renderings are lovely, stuff like the pink salmon on p.43-45 represent the technical limit of what can be achieved with color pencil realism. My favorite? The Presidio trout on p. 121. I hate to say it, but the pictures (and book overall) are too good. Anyone can pick up a leica and enjoy its smooth mechanical functions but how many of us can appreciate the beauty of German industrial design and fine craftsmanship? This book suffers a similar fate. It will sell because we all love pretty trout, end of story.  I can't stop reading and looking at this book. I fall asleep next to it and in the morning, look through it some more. Our family collects antique books and my love for books extends into other fields as well. This is the greatest of all my prize posessions.  I enjoyed Dr. Benke's text. He is able to convey scientific information in a style that appeals to naturalists, fishermen and those of us within the sciences. I first came across his writings in the magazine Trout and like many of you, I fell in love with his AFS book on trout of western North America. Maybe the fact that I am fascinated by phenotypic plasticity and morphological variation within species has placed me in a situation to better appreciate what this book has tried to accomplish, but I hope not. I only wish that some of you can feel what I experienced when I first received my copy of Trout & Salmon of North America. This book beautifully articulates the complex and fascinating world of salmonids through stunning pictures and wonderful text.     