 If you can stand the reader's voice for the whole book, then you may like something in here. Her voice is the one from Ender's Game. Completely nonplused by anything. Very monotone. Someone with a bit more energy would have made it a little better.... a little. Things that annoyed me: 1) The adoration of the the two guys who run the unit at the Farallone Islands. You want to talk about Hero Worship. Every move they make is like the descriptions in a cheep sex/romance novel. These guys are dirty, skinny, marine biologists, who shower once a week, and flush the toilet every two days. She makes them seem like supermen, with rustic good looks, and a sixth sense.  2) relates back to number ONE. The descriptions of everything are overly flowery. "The sharks patrolled under the boat like gladiators, waiting for the gate to open, while waves slapped on the surface like little playful starfish, in a deep sea of powerful currents, that moved the small boat, like gods blowing on a child's play thing." Stuff like that. Every sentence, is like that.  3)She constantly bashes on Yuppies who pay money to see the sharks, but then admits to doing everything in her power to see them, herself. After all the bashing, are we then supposed to sympathize with her for sneaking, or bending/ breaking rules to go look at sharks she has no more right to see, then anyone else?  After spending a chapter on how many boat wrecks, and how treacherous the water, and the weather, is around the islands, and many people have died: She rents a boat, to go out there without the slightest idea of how to do anything on a boat. Plans to stay for 5 weeks, and says "How hard could it Be?" ... well, you just TOLD Us, how hard!  4)Why did these guys take this girl with them on all these things? Why, when there are many an intern who spends years of hard work to get the chance to get on the long list of people who earned a right to get on the island, do they pick her? Who knows. Because she saw a BBC documentary, and wants really, really, BAD, to see the sharks.  5)Also the word "shark" is used in this book, more to grab your interest, then anything else. There is a lot about birds, and the islands, and boating, and ghosts, and about weather, and eating, and her dreams, and fears. I think there are about 6 sentences per chapter, about sharks, or use the word "shark" in it (as in: "You see over there, where there would normally be shark attacks? That is where the sea lions mate. The sea lion...bla bla bla"). I feel it was a publisher's judgment to put the word "shark" in the title, to get people to notice the book. I doubt people would buy this book, if they thought it was just a book about the islands. It's like telling the history of the music, then calling the book "Elvis. The king of Rock".     