 They really dropped the ball on this one. First off, he strange retro look to it, makes it tough to look at. Imagine looking at a Burger King or Mc Donald's all day. The character creation area, has some cool new stuff, like new postures for defense and offense, but other then that, it's weak. The view is much further away then in the Previous versions, and the choices seems to have been cut down, rather then increased (as you would think would happen in a follow-up game). Still only have 4 places to put tattoos (Left arm, right arm, back, and chest. If you want a tat on the forearm, no luck there. The controls are much more sluggish then the others, and there are lots of POPs in the actions or transfers between actions. I used to like to watch the slow-motion hits after the knock down, but not any more. The Characters have lost something in their detail. They don't look as good. And the sound is Awful in Slow Mo. It sounds like paper tearing, and drums, and the impact, doesn't line up with the sound. The announcers also get cut off in mid sentence, when talking about a hit. The Training is different. They kept the same things as Round 2, but changed them enough to make me hate them. In Round 2 you could easily see what you were supposed to do. The angel in Round 3 sucks. The punch dummy, for instance: He is turned at such an angel away from you, that you can't tell when they want you to hit the Left side of the face. The sparing is much better, in that you can choose what you want to work on, and it trains you in just that. Problem with the controls, is that when doing moves like uppercut or Heymaker, you are faulted by the analog controller now. You go to the right then up, for a hook. For a Heymaker hook, you go right, then roll down, then Up. Trouble is, that once you go down, the fighter tries to do an Uppercut, or throw a Left. It's almost impossible to throw an Uppercut Heymaker. Once you cross the middle point on the controller, he will switch to the other hand and throw a jab. You also can not block for ever anymore. With the R1 pressed, you get about 3 seconds of blocking, and then he will throw a random punch. The ring girls change clothes during an event, but a LOT less time was taken on making them look good. Their hands don't' even close on the cards, and their heads pop as they look around. the joggle cam (allah 24, or NYPD Blue) when you go to your corner, is annoying. OH! And in the middle of a fight, you will suddenly be thrown into a new Camera View! You start pounding on a guy, and it will switch to HIS point of View.  Stick with Round 2. It's a MUCH better product.    MORE CONS:: * Character builder is greatly restricted in looks. All fighters look like fighters now. You can no longer build yourself, or your skinny friends, fat friends, or super Buff friends, or even your really Ripped friends. It's all kind of "middle ground" now. This makes FNR3 less cartoony, but I liked the fact you could make a Steve Bushemi in FNR2. * lack of entourage or entrance effects. I am pretty far into the game, and have seen No choices so far for these, not even under "Locked" . No choice on entrance music. * Cutman has been simplified to just right and left. *Everything is too expensive. $20,000 for starter shoes?! * The entrance "dances" have been greatly reduced. Why not just keep the ones they had, and ADD to them? Now there are like... 3... maybe 4. I'd still like to be able to choose my entrance personallity. (ie. show off, humble, crowd pleaser, etc) *No Rankings. WHY? You never know where you stand in the Rankings. *Home Towns. I could not find Seattle, or Dallas. They may not be big boxing towns, but they ARE major Cities. *Still no chest hair. * I Figured the sound in Slow Mo: Forcefully Dump a bucket of Ice into a Plactic Cooler that is half melted Ice.  Some PROS: * The Coaches now tell you what you need. They are more precise. This is a good step. * You can change your character as you go. After a few fights, if you want to give him a new hair style, you can. You can even remold his face, change his stance, or style of defense or offense. I like this. * When your character is winded, the controls get sluggish, and he moves slower. This is not the same as the wanky controls I mentioned above. * The AI is much smarter. They find a weakness on you,  and they will exploit it. *New Venues *Better Commentary *Sparring mode is much better.   Also, if you have an HDTV get a  PS2  AV & S Video Cable The regular one that comes with the PS2 is NOTHING compared to the S-video signal.     What  really irritates me is the totall false advertisement going on here. They show all these beautyful vids of boxers and effects, and NONE of that stuff is in the game!! The slow motion shot of a face rippleing from a punch: Not in the game. The ability to make Fighters that look real: Not in the game (Unless you count the Pre-made fighters). They also have picture of Hot ring girls in the Adverts: Not in the game. They looked better in FNR2  I tell you what.... They should make all of their fighters with the Fighter Maker part of the game. If they can make all those boxers using that method, THEN they can sell this crap. I had 4 friends try to create themselves in the game, and we could get close (as in: They looked Asian, or Black with dreds, etc). But there was no way to get our charactors to look like any of us exactly. The boxers that are pre-made, all have tatoos all over the place. They all have chest hair, back hair, forarm hair, etc. They have chins, and face shapes that you just can not get with the Fighter Creation tools. This is unforgivable!     