 In all frankness UT 2K3 is somewhat of a letdown compared to the original Unreal Tournament.   Unreal Tournament 2003 plays, looks, and sounds very similar to UT, with one major advantage: The graphics are not only sigificantly better than UT's already great looking graphics, but probably the best I've ever seen in any computer game -at least First Person Shooters.  Unfortunately, this is the ONLY major advantage UT 2K3 has over its predecessor.   On the upside, UT 2003 has some of the most awesome looking environments, sky effects and lava effects you'll ever see in any PC game.  UT 2003 includes a new, innovative mode of play, "bombing run," which is somewhat similar to football.  Also, there are a hefty 35 skins or so ranging from gene-boosted humans, to Egyptians to clowns to lizard-like creatures to automatons.   On the downside, gameplay is substantially marred.  Even with a 1.7 Ghz processor and 256 MB of RAM, some of the biggest and best maps (e.g., Magma, December, Bifrost, etc.) are entirely unplayable because the framerate is so horrid.  When I join an online game -via cable modem connection- I experience a lot of lag and framerate issues, also.  I had a far inferior PC and only 56K modem with the original UT and never experienced framerate issues online or offline.  Game pace is absurdly fast, much more reminiscent of Quake 3 Arena than the first UT.  For some reason there seems to be less skill required in playing this than the first UT.  In UT 2K3 you just run and jump around and hope that you can aim and dodge better than your opponent.  I'm afraid to say that it gets old fast and doesn't seem enjoyable like it did in UT. Speaking of maps, map designs generally seem a lot worse than they did in UT.  One map is literally nothing more than a single room.  Pathetic. The sound effects, astonishingly, are much worsely rendered in UT 2K3.  They're not bad, per se, but they don't compare to the original's.  They seem far less surreal and more "muffed."  How Epic could botch this is way beyond me.   The weapons don't have as much personality as UT's and they seem "watered" down and not very powerful.  Even the actual game menu is a colossal disappointment:  Whereas the original's was very intelligent-looking, condensed and organized, UT 2003's is one big cluttered mess which extends the entire breadth of the screen.  I've seen this game menu trend (of making the menus inordinately large and clutterd as if it was more geared for a Kindergartener who couldn't even spell and had never seen a computer before than a true PC gamer and connoisseur who appreciates sophisticated and intelligent designs) extremely often in recent years, regrettably. In a nutshell, Unreal Tournament 2003's poignancy, creativity, quality, and meticulousness pales in comparison to the original in virtually every facet.  It's still a good game on its own merits and fun to play.  Epic has already released a patch which has addressed a lot of issues, users are constantly creating and releasing, for the public, downloadable mods and maps, etc., and there's even more incentive to play it considering that there's no competition for this type of game: I.D. Software never released a Quake 4.  Unfortunately, however, this game should've been much better.     