 If I were a movie director and for some reason I decided to undertake the project of making the most grotesque parody and mockery ever made of the original Star Wars trilogy, I would do the following:  First, I would open the movie where the main character of the movie -The Jedi- freefalls some 10,000 stories in a sprawling metropolis, all the while narrowly missing multitudes of careening hovercrafts which literally filled the sky, only to finally land safely inside one of them just in the nick of time, nanoseconds before he was about to slam into the ground.    Secondly, I would include the most bland, personality-less, emotionally-uninspiring actors and actresses I could find.  Also, I would incorporate pseudo-Greek cultural and archeological elements throughout the movie (which had no relevancy to the sci-fi theme of the movie) so as to confuse the viewer as to what planet...or planets the movie was taking place in...or what universe and epoch(s) for that matter.  I'd include several pseudo-romantic scenes where there wasn't an iota of emotion or chemistry between the two love birds and whose forced, stimulated 'romantic scenes' seemed to serve no purpose, either.    I would then attempt to completely destroy...annhilate the original Star Wars's sacred notion of the force -as being stimulated and channeled by spirituality and mind over matter- (and any drama associated with it as well) by marring it with inane scientific hodgepodge:  MY notion would be that the measure of one's force can be determined by analyzing mitochondrial DNA samples to tally the number of antibodies present in the protoplasm.    Next, I would blow away the concept of the original Star Wars's wimpy 2-jedi battle scenes with an epic magnitude-12 mega battle scene which consisted of 10,000 jedis and 100,000 jedi foes engaged in flipping-through the-air somersault kung fu moves that render the likes of "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" and all '70s special-effects-laden Chinese kung fu flics obsolete.  You thought that Luke Skywalker jumping 10 feet out of a carbon freeze container was cool?  Could Luke Skywalker stay airborne for 10 seconds all the while throwing barrages of backroundhouse kicks and punches?  Screw that punchless Luke Skywalker single-blade lightsaber.  Behold, I introduce the double-edged light saber which all jedis are equipped with.  FULLY FUNCTIONAL AND OPERATIONAL.  Only an elite and intelligent class of human being can be a jedi?  Not anymore.  Any living, crawling, oozing intelligence-devoid parasite, wingless bat or orc -of any gender-can be a jedi.   Finally, I would end the movie with Kung Fu/Force-Master Yoda defeating the Master Evil Jedi with triple and quintuple cartwheel backroundhouse kicks and punches, while airborne, and lightning-fast Tae Kwan Do slaps and curled finger combinations  that would put Jackie Chan to shame.  The very last scene of the movie would end with the Evil Jedi Master becoming so angry, because of his defeat, that his head grew to the size of a large balloon, then exploded with the force of 20 grenades.  Maybe I'd include that scene only in the UNCUT version.    The result: The sci-fi sequel to "Big Trouble in Little China" -"BIG TROUBLE IN LITTLE GREECE: ATTACK OF THE KUNG FU ROBOTS"- or as some people may prefer to call it -"Star Wars Episode II: Attack Of The Clones."     