 I only recently saw The Blair Witch Project on HBO or some other cable station and after viewing it had mixed feelings.  Before I had ever even seen the movie, I was extremely skeptical and had heard extremely mixed reviews from critics and viewers alike.  I had heard that it only cost about 36,000 dollars to produce this movie and the majority of the comments from viewers indicated that the movie was a total debacle and not suspenseful in the least bit.  But, I nonetheless kept an open, unbiased frame of mind before watching it, wanting to develop my own opinion of it, rather than relying on someone else's. One thing I really like about this movie is it's idea: three people doing a documentary about a legendary witch via asking locals their opinions and tales about it, (using a camcorder) then actually looking for and researching the witch in the forest where it allegedly resided.  The acting is also very convincing -the locals don't talk like they're doing a movie and the three young researchers are very convincing as well.  So in these respects, the movie succeeds.   The only problem is that the acting becomes far, far, far too melodramatic and exaggerated, and by the end of the movie I was praying, ANXIOUSLY BEGGING, in fact, for the actors (the young woman and the two young men) to be ruthlessly slaughtered by this alleged witch hunting them in the most malicious, cruel fashion ever seen on film; I began to HATE and DESPISE the research team from the get-go in the forest.  Their constant slews of profanity and bickering and extreme paranoia and panic drove me up a wall and really ruined the movie in a big way.  At least I can say that they were convincing in really believing that they were being hunted and that there really was something ominous in the forest.  The ending didn't provide the deus ex machina, unfortunately (showing all three being viciously mutilated) that I badly desired, but at least it was interesting and fairly suspenseful. While The Blair Witch Project has its major flaws and shortcomings, the idea is at least, fresh and unique and it did end up being fairly suspenseful, but viewing this flic was just a little bit too aggravating with the idiotic teenage reasoning, swearing, and panicking...     