 Microsoft Flight Simulator 2002 isn't only, by far, the best Flight Simulator ever in the venerable Microsoft series, but it's also the highest quality and best PC game I've ever owned.   The game, for very obvious reasons, does have some very steep hardware requirements.  I have a Pentium IV 1.7 GHz processor with 256 MB of RAM and a 62 MB graphics card and run the game at 1600x1200 resolution.  It runs well..barely.  If you want to run it at an optimal framerate I'd recommend 512 MB of RAM and a 2.0+ GHz processor.  The steep hardware requirements are accounted for by the game's excellent graphics engine and its hefty 3 gigabyte installation.  The 3 gigabytes should come as no surprise considering that the game.. er "simulation" only includes the entire world!   It includes about 22,000 airports and every stretch of land or water on earth between every airport.  I don't know how many gross number of airports exist on this planet but I would think 22,000 is about 99% of EVERY airport existent. Even airports in small, unknown villages (of 50 people or less such as in remote Arctic Inuit villages) are included.  Another plus is that, once installed, the game runs WITHOUT the need for the CD being in the drive, which is a rarity in PC gaming. As stated before, the graphics are great, in fact much better than FS 2000's graphics.  The terrain and building textures, though very good, still aren't quite there yet -and leave a little to be desired- but the clouds, weather effects and airplane graphics are superb and virtually indistinguishable from real life counterparts.  Airplane cockpits are 3d-rendered and very realistic looking as are the flashing lights on exterior parts such as wings and tailgates.  The airplanes' sound effects seem very realistic, also. As far as I can tell, though I'm no pilot, the flight physics are extremely accurate and realistic.  I can't discern any difference, whatsoever between flying an aircraft in this game and doing it in real life.   Flight Simulator 2002 is certainly very unaccessible and not a game for everybody.  The learning curve is extraordinarily-steep.  Unless you love simulations and enjoy PC titles that are as realistic as possible, you'll certaintly find FS 2002 the antithesis of fun, interesting, or exciting:  It's very tedious, takes a long time to learn all the commands and fly and land correctly and even the actual flying can seem very, very slow moving.  However, if the quintessence of simulation (that is, "realism") -no matter how difficult or challenging- is your "cup of tea," there is no other game out there even remotely comparable to this title in terms of quality, realism, or sheer size.   Considering that Microsoft Flight Simulator 2002 includes the whole world, not to mention 16 aircraft (and "downloadable" airplanes. I've downloaded several jets including the Lockheed SR 71A Blackbird), real-time weather, tons of options and even voice-command capabilities, I consider this game a bargain at the $70.00 price I paid for it.  It's probably worth about $400.00     