 Other People's Songs are Erasure-style electro-pop remakes of a selection of certain folk/pop songs from the '50s, '60s, and '70s. Erasure concocted this concept because of their nostalgia of certain songs from that era. After listening to their last album, Loveboat (which in my opinion is one of the worst albums ever made by any artist of any genre), I'm actually glad that Erasure, if they were going to release anything at all, opted to make an album of cover songs rather than their own material. In all honesty, I thought that Erasure could have selected a better compilation of songs to cover than the ones they opted to. I realize they chose these songs because they have fond memories of them but I actually don't care for them very much, mainly because I didn't grow up in that era. I grew up in the 1980s and synth-pop/new wave and the like are my preferred music genres. Basically, the songs Erasure opted to remake are, generally-speaking, VERY simple and VERY minimalistic (employ very little instrumentation of any type).  Naturally, if you grew up listening to Righteous Brothers/Buddy Holly (et al) type of music, you're likely going to have fond memories of these songs, but technically, this selection of songs aren't the most complex or sophisticated that Erasure could have chosen to cover -and that's putting it mildly.  Some of them are so simple that they barely pass for jingles, in fact.  As it turns out, while Erasures covers are improved upon the originals (they would've been hard-pressed NOT TO have improved them) they're not THAT much better and certainly not very distinct or different from them, either.  On the upside, all the songs are rendered electronically a la Erasure-style synth pop (very similar to the styles of Cowboy and Loveboat).  There are no acoustics (guitars), except on "Make Me Smile."  In general, the electronic rendition of these songs -like the originals- is fairly minimalistic, not employing a complex array of synth tones, and Vince Clarke's and Gareth Jones synthesizer sequencing does very little to discern Other People's Songs from the originals other than the fact that Erasure's covers are electronic renditions, whilst the originals aren't.  Clarke and Jones didn't do a bad job -in fact most tracks have some cool and interesting synth sequences here and there- but they weren't as creative as I thought they could've been and it's obvious that they tried to mimic the originals too closely.  I thought that the album, "Abba-esque," (in which Erasure covered four Abba songs) was significantly more creative and better than Other People's Songs.  As far as the vocals are concerned, Andy Bell's singing on every track is very solid, emotional, and convincing.  In general, he does a great job of sounding like the vocalists of the original artists.  He, at least, hasn't lost any energy yet. The best cuts are the first five tracks, in my opinion.  Even so, they're not all THAT great, though they do have their moments and are pretty cool.  They're the catchiest and most upbeat of all the tracks. My two favorite songs are definitely "Everyday," which is a Buddy Holly remake -that sounds a lot better than Holly's very minimalistic and corny original- and "When Will I See You Again," which is a very grooving, upbeat retro techno-pop remake (of The Three Degrees), very similar to some of the music from the PC game, Need For Speed-Porsche Unleashed (if any readers are familiar with it).  Most of the remaining tracks are only slightly better or different than the originals.  "Ebb Tide" is quite annoying and unbearable to listen to.  The synthesizer gallop throughout the song ruined it in a big way. Erasure took the title "Goodnight" literally -it will put you to sleep: It's extremely boring, simple, and slow and devoid of a beat, altogether.  "Can't Help Falling In Love,"  "You've Lost That Lovin' Feeling," and "Video Killed The Radio Star" are the best of the rest, almost as good as the first five tracks.  I do like Erasure's version of Elvis Presley's song significantly better than UB40's rendition of the same song.   Though Other People's Songs is a pretty lame concept, it is implemented fairly well, but not with much flair or creativity. Admittedly, I had very low expectations of this album -considering how bad Loveboat was- and Erasure surpassed them, but not with flying colors. The selection of songs that Erasure chose to do covers of probably somewhat hindered their capacity to re-make them in a really cool way, but all things considered I still think it could've been a lot better album and may be indicative that Erasure should've retired a few years ago and are on the decline.   Still, if you ARE a fan of the originals and also are a fan of Erasure, you should get a kick out of Other People's Songs.  Notwithstanding its flaws, for some reason Other People's Songs grows on me every listen and I can listen to it every day (I can't say this about any other album) and never tire of it. Though electronically-rendered, Vince Clarke and Gareth Jones succeeded in keeping a 1950s-esque retro feel, the album does have its moments, and it actually qualified for my CD archives.     