 The Karate Kid trilogy despicably ends with one of the most pathetic movies ever produced, "Karate Kid 3," which was SO stupid, in fact, that it was funny.   Years after Daniel-sahn has returned home from Japan, he has yet a NEW girlfriend, and resides with Miyagi somewhere in the U.S.A.  Daniel-sahn is overweight and looking at him walk and talk, one would never guess that he even ever SAW a karate move in his entire life, much less PRACTICED one.  He looks like a chubby nerd who probably couldn't defend himself against a scrappy chihuahua puppy, let alone an adept karateka.   In this flic, Daniel-sahn is coerced in numerous ways to begin training for a karate tournament that neither he nor Miyagi have any desire in entering.  Miyagi, in fact, initially refuses to train him and tells Daniel-sahn that he's on his own.  In comes Daniel's deus ex machina: One of the "bad guys" deceives Daniel into believing that he's a good guy that wants to train Daniel-sahn.  And he trains him by having Daniel hitting wooden boards so hard that they bludgeon his fists!  This aggressive training leads Daniel-sahn to break someone's nose, and finally the idiot gets a clue and realizes that he's been set up all along. Finally, Miyagi comes into the picture and gets Daniel back into true form in time for the tournament where Daniel faces an opponent who is clearly much more confident and aggresive than Macchio.  The tactic of Macchio's opponent -in typical, predictable fashion- is to injure Daniel-sahn as severely as possible, scoring illegal hits, then score a legal hit to win.  In typical fashion, Daniel-sahn pulls himself together and wins the last point and the movie ends.  This is definitely a movie that should be submitted to Mystery Science Theater for review.  Don't get me wrong; there's plenty of comedy, but the only problem is that the producers of the movie didn't INTEND this flic to be a comedy.  Purchase this movie only if you enjoy comedies, but don't expect any of the drama and interesting plot found in the previous two Karate Kids.     