 EA Sports F1 2002 is the best and most realistic F1 simulation that I've ever played..and I've sampled dozens of them.  First of all, Kudos to EA Sports for releasing a game that's compatible with many different operating systems, including mine -Windows XP. I've downloaded and/or purchased many games the last two years that haven't been XP-compatible. F1 2002, as expected, comes with a plethora of setup options for customizing every facet of gameplay, not to mention a myriad of options to tweak the actual vehicles.  Of course the game includes 17 tracks which significantly increases the game's long-term value.  F1 2002 has a few noticeable weaknesses, but it shines where it counts the most. Gameplay is almost flawless. The physics are the best I've ever experienced in an F1 simulation.  With the driving aids turned off, the cars are very difficult to drive and requires a lot of practice to take the turns just right without spinning out. The graphics are near photorealistic and certainly the best I've ever seen in any racing game. The amount of detail in the tracks is incredible. Also, the game conveys a great sense of speed, though I still think that it needs to be a little faster to be more realistic.  On the downside, the sounds -though very accurate- are too digital. The engine sounds, in particular, are somewhat weak instead of pronounced. There isn't any reverberation from my subwoofer when I rev the engine (like in Electronic Arts-Need For Speed: Porsche Unleased). Also, I can't watch the saved replays after I race. Whenever I try to play a saved replay, my computer will either crash or the graphics will be botched. I've e-mailed EA Sports tech awhile ago about this but have yet to respond. Finally, some of the off-track physics are dismal. Driving and steering on the sand and grass are way too easy. The wheels will spin on grass but only when I attempt to rapidly accelerate. If one is judicious one can RAPIDLY navigate grass and gravel sections, which is impossible in real life.  Notwithstanding these few flaws, F1 2002 is one of the most awesome, challenging, and enjoyable driving sims I've ever purchased and is highly recommended to anyone with an interest in a true and accurate racing simulation.     