 I only heard of the band, Winger, two years ago on a local radio station after listening to their song, "Seventeen."  Being impressed by that catchy, upbeat and Motley Crue/Ratt-style song, I very recently purchased Winger's self-titled debut (which I knew included "Seventeen"), placing blind faith that the CD would not disappoint. Winger's style of hard rock is similar to that of many other '80s "hair metal" bands (esp., Def Leppard, Dokken, and Ratt) -which most people today seem to find cheesy and outdated.  The name, "Winger," also sounds very cheesy.  But don't let the name fool you.  Winger is as good a hard rock album as I've ever come across. There's good reason that "Seventeen" is one of the two Winger songs I've ever heard on the radio: It's probably the catchiest of all the songs on this album and also my favorite, but most the others are very Ratt-like catchy and upbeat, also; esp., "Madalaine" which is another favorite of mine.  "Hungry" will remind you of some of Europe's pop-metal and "Headed For a Heartbreak" is startingly reminiscent of some of Chicago's '80s Pop/Rock.  "Purple Haze" is a Jimi Hendrix remake and I, personally, like Winger's version much better.  It's very similar to the original but Winger's version is much harder and faster and simply rocks.  The remaining songs have a sound and style similar to either Ratt or Dokken. The instrumentation of Winger, while not spectacular, is very good, nonetheless.  Reb Beach's blazingly fast guitar leads and solos on certain songs are comparable to Eddie Van Halen's best. The only minor weaknesses that Winger has is that -for the better and worse- several songs contain Dokken-like refinement but also Dokken-like lack of personality.  (For numerous reasons, I consider Dokken to be the "Honda Accord" of '80s hard rock bands.)  Hence, several songs -though not necessarily "fillers"- don't have much flair or distinction, either.  All in all, however, Winger is a surprisingly solid and catchy, upbeat debut from a very unpopular group that should please any hard rock enthusiast.     