 I've downloaded hundreds of game demos since owning my first computer in 1999. Maybe it's because I have no life, maybe it's because I have nothing better to do, but I thoroughly enjoy it and find it entertaining, nonetheless. Most game demos that I download usually only last anywhere from a day to a week on my harddrive and then they are uninstalled and sent to the recycle bin, indefinitely.  I downloaded the Halflife demo in 1999 and found the demo, alone, such an entertaining and excellent game that during the entire tenure that I had my computer (7 months) it was never uninstalled, and I played it nearly every day! Although the game is approximately 4 years old now, and I have seen the newest and best FPS out there, I only recently purchased Halflife (Half-life:Platinum Edition) and being the expert analyzer that I am of computer games, I can honestly say that Halflife is -up to this day- the best FPS that I have ever played, hands-down. It's definitely the most revolutionary FPS that has ever been developed for the PC since Doom. To begin with, kudos to Halflife for installing so quickly on my new computer, for it's extremely user-friendly and effective game setup options and for actually functioning (and functioning EXTREMELY well in all regards) under my Windows XP operating system. Most games that came out only TWO years ago -much less FOUR- are not XP compatible.  Halflife's graphics -though dated compared to more recent games- are still very good and very acceptable, even by today's standards. The sounds in Halflife are extremely immersive, realistic, and at times very scary. They really bring the game to life and are superb in every facet, from weapon-firing to eldritch monster sounds to elevator doors shutting, etc. Halflife excels especially where it counts the most: the actual gameplay. This game's story is very interesting and original. The character you play is Gordon Freeman who works at a secret -mostly underground- technological development institution (similar to Area 51?) and an experiment goes awry, causing the spawning of a smorgasbord of different monsters and attracting the attention of the military who's mission is to cover this "accident up" from what I can gather and eliminate Freeman and everyone else at the facility. What amazes and baffles me more than anything else is the actual length of the single player campaign. I've been playing it for at least 30 hours and have not finished it yet! I shake my head and wonder how the developers of Halflife made such a huge game; the facility is beyond gargantuan; I've had to have travelled dozens of square miles so far. The environments are extremely interesting and because of this and many more reasons, the game NEVER becomes boring. In fact, I could easily spend every waking hour playing it for two weeks in a row and I would never tire of it. In a synopsis, Halflife is the most interesting, funnest, most addictive and revolutionary FPS that I have ever come across -up to this present day- since Doom and I have YET to play it in multiplayer mode! When it came out in '98 it would have to have been rated 10/10; even NOW, I would rate it 8.5/10...     