 Ed Decker's "The Godmakers," once a powerful and influential tool against Mormonism, when it first came out in the mid '80s, is now being exposed for what it is: A bitter ex-mormon's one-sided biased, distorted point of view -full of half truths, exaggerations, and lies- concocted only because he was excommunicated from the L.D.S church for committing adultery, then after a brief period he was reinstated into the church, then he committed adultery, AGAIN. Ed Decker primarily -among many other things- attempts to prove, by means of supposed meticulous documentation, that the L.D.S church is a  pagan-influenced Satanic cult, not a Christian faith, and that it's aim is world domination by attempting to convert the entire world via it's well-known Missionary program. First of all, the Mormon faith, if anything, is THE MOST Christian of all faiths. They use the Bible to supplement the Book Of Mormon and the BOM'S main themes include becoming "Christ-like." In fact, if anyone has any experience reading the Book Of Mormon they would be lying to themselves if they denied that it wasn't filled with verses talking about Christ and following him. The BOM, in fact, exhorts one to be Christ-like and talks about him at least as much as the Bible does, if not more! Not only that but anyone who has ever attended L.D.S church sessions knows that most of the discussions and topics center around Christ. The very name of the church has Christ in it. Hardly the sign of an "un-Christian" faith.  One of Ed Decker's arguments is that the L.D.S. faith is a cult because once one "delves too deeply into it," one can't turn back without harrowing consequences, not limited to the "penalty of death."  The L.D.S church is, in every aspect, the antithesis of a "cult." One is free to leave the church -without consequences or punishment- anytime one wishes to.  Among many other things, Decker attacks many facets of Mormon Doctrine, compares Joseph Smith to Hitler, and in a synopsis distorts, exaggerates, and/or lies about every facet of Mormonism, or else intentionally omits facts or details that would shed further light on the subject he is writing about.  In a nutshell, this book is one of the most inaccurate and biased pieces of literature ever abridged.  The book has already come across, in recent years, its fair share of criticism from prominent non-Mormon authorities from all over the U.S.A. Some Arizonan Jewish Christian community (I forgot their name) among many other non-Mormon scholars and religious leaders, alike, have decried this book as a totally inaccurate and unfair analysis of Mormonism, which it is. The book has, unfortunately, won over many non-Mormons who know little about the faith. All I can say is that if you plan to purchase this book, research and get to know the the L.D.S. religion before believing any fallacial, incorrect, and inaccurate opinions about the L.D.S church -printed in this book- like so many other people who have read this drivel have.     