 (Having never owned "Links 386" -the first installment of the critically-acclaimed Links series- Links LS (1996) was the first Links golf game that I ever purchased and when I did it totally blew me away: I was in awe of the awesome photorealistic graphics and the incredibly-realistic ball flight and ball-surface physics. The golfers were also photorealistic digital images. The game was a die-hard sim, yet extremely fun and accessible at the same time. I was instantly hooked on LS and as a result I've played more hours of this game and its sequels than all other computer games combined, by far.  Up until several days ago, LS 99 was my current version of Links. I was unable to upgrade to LS 2000 (I was out of the country) or Links 2001. Which brings me to my first "upgrade" in four years -Links 2003. After having played the game extensively for several days now, I have very mixed feelings about this newest installment. In some ways it seems significantly improved over LS 99, but in just as many ways it seems to be substantially inferior. Because I wish to expound upon every component in this dissertation, I've decided to simply list the Pros and Cons.  PROS  1. The graphics are more 3D and much more detailed than LS's: The shrubbery and foilage around trees and roughs is very detailed, photorealistic, and very dense. With a close-up view of your golfer, you can now see detailed blades of grass in fairways and greens. Sand bunkers look great.  2. The addition of the APCD (Arnold Palmer Course Designer) is huge: From my understanding, although it's very complicated and not beginner-oriented, it's hands-down the most powerful course designer in any golf game.  3. The addition of the real-time swing: I've sampled this feature in other golf games and liked the concept but not the implementation. Likewise, I've had little luck with Link's implementation as well and have found it tedious and extraordinarily difficult.  4. A plethora of golf courses: Betwixt the 6 2003 courses, the 20 Championship courses, user courses(from Links 2001 made with the APCD), and my converted LS courses, I have 60 altogether!  5. Options galore: As with LS 99 there are simply smorgasbords of options.  6. Excellent in-flight and ball-surface physics: Links has always been the benchmark in this category and this year is no different. No other game comes close.  CONS  1. No Virtual Tournament: This was a huge reason why I played LS so much.  2. Fairways, greens, and roughs are "too" clean looking -to the point of being "spartan"- and look like artificial turf. The ball even bounces and rolls off roughs like it's a thick layer of artificial turf. It even "sounds" like it.  3. Big, cluttered menu interface: The condensed and organized interface of LS 99 makes 2003's look like a homecrafted Kindergarten design.  4. Extremely ponderous load times: On my 1.7 Ghz processor, screen redraws take forever, adding another camera view on the main window slows the framerate down to a nil, and even jumping from one pregame menu to another takes a long time. Totally unacceptable.  5. Polygonal golfers: I actually prefer digital golfers. These polygonal ones look cartoonish and clash with Link's otherwise photorealism. A motley combination.  6. Unrealistically adept A.I. golfers: Real-life A.I. counterparts such as Sergio Garcia and Parnevik hit every drive straight and birdie every hole. Microsoft did a shamefully-poor job in this area. Even when I created a new computer golfer and set his skill level to the lowest possible, he was still a decent golfer.  Overall, Links 2003 is very mixed baggage. In several ways it seems to be a (close copy) rehash of "Jack Nicklaus 6: Golden Bear Challenge": The fairways, greens, and roughs are more cartoony-looking, the golfers are polygonal and cartoonish (while Links LS's were digital), and most notably, some surface and tree striking sounds are now less realistic and cheesier -similar to Jack Nicklaus 6. The swing meter and other features even seem inferior and (close copy) from JN6. All things considered, Links 2003 is a very good golf game on its own merits and still the best golf SIM, but with its major shortcomings and horrendously-implemented real-time swing I'm still ambivalent as to whether this latest installment is an "upgrade" or a "downgrade."     