 This book offers a relatively comprehensive account of McCarthyism. Schrecker reveals the origins of it, and how many of it's advocates manipulated the movement for their own ends. More importantly, the author  also examines the harmful long reaching consequences both direct and  indirect. Whilst in Britain socialism and communism helped provide the  pressure that rung concessions from the elite's resulting in a proper  universal welfare state and the national health service (two much treasured  institutions until Thatcher and her goons set about trying to dismantle  them), in America that pressure was met by the Hoover/ McCarthy clamp down  that obliterated the movement hence the free market dominance of today.       However Schrecker should also be applauded for her objectivity, whereby  she makes every effort to reveal both sides of the argument despite her  hostility to McCarthyism. For example she details how the Communist Party  threw away the good practical work it was doing in the 30's in favour of  Leninist and stalinist dogma, thus providing several of the nails for it's  own coffin.      The only real weakness in this book is it's poor  organisation. Instead of relaying the tale chronologically, Schrecker opts  for a subject by subject account, thus resulting in much going back and  forth. Overall however, it is certainly worth a read due to the important  subject matter, and the worrying fact that it is probably one or two  terrorist bombs from happening again (though on a lesser scale) to  muslims. Those who criticise the book on the grounds that some of the  persecuted were actually spies, have missed the point Schrecker is trying  to make. Besides which, in my opinion those who leaked atomic secrets saved  millions of lives- if America had had a monopoly of nuclear weapons the  USSR would probably be a steaming pile of radioactive human carcasses (see  Nixon's bombings of Cambodia for indications as to the cheapness of  civilian lives in US foreign policy).     