 Norman Lamont's daddy is depicted as a ruthless idiot in this book, and judging by some of his comments, it's a credible conclusion. However one of the main problems is that it fails to examine his character or psyche in  any depth. The author never focuses on how much of the atrocities were  masterminded by Pinochet, opting instead for a vague polycratic depiction  of the regime.       On the positive side the book does give a general  overview of Chile in these times, dispelling the myths Pinochet's defenders  have been spurting over here. Contrary to their claims, Pinochet didn't  generously bestow democracy on Chile- he was forced to by public protests  and a wide coalition of centre, left and right parties. His economic  policies were a success only if you consider making the rich richer and the  poor poorer, raising unemployment and destroying worker rights, along with  increasing corruption among business men and Pinochet's personal kickbacks,  desirable (which some of you no doubt do if it means low inflation). As  Thatcher adopted his policies in this area it's more understandable as to  why she loves her protg so. Oh and he only restored order over the  economic choas caused by the CIA, USA and extreme right wing groups-  Allende was only partially responsible.     The book also highlights the  US schizophrenic policies towards Chile, from the backing of the coup (ooh,  those dangerous communists must be killed, tortured and imprisoned even if  democraticly elected, in order to preserve freedom and democracy...) and  turning a blind eye to the rape, torture and murder of even their own  citizens, to trade embargo's, then Reagan's renewed trading, then  assistance to topple the regime when it was weak by- GASP! poisoning two  grapes! (honestly)      Overall it's more of a clear, readable overview,  rather than a necessary in depth analysis of the key issues raised by his  prospected trial. Oh, and as indicated below it's not a book for deranged  children or the excessively paranoid.     