 With "Time Out of Mind," Bob Dylan has created a masterwork of longing and regret that stands with the best of his legendary career. More than the poignant, frightening ruminations of a man nearing 60, "Time Out of Mind" is the particular product of Dylan's fertile imagination and musical pedigree. You could not imagine it being anything but the offspring of the same heart and mind that begat "Blonde on Blonde" and "Blood on the Tracks."  Dylan sings with the blues-soaked intensity of a late-night confessional, the architecture of which can be credited to Daniel Lanois' clean and reverentially hushed production. Virtually every track is an exercise in hard living and the settling of emotional accounts. Standouts such as "Dirt Road, "Cold Irons Bound" and "Not Dark Yet" are among Dylan's most haunting and affecting efforts. As he is occasionally wont to do, Dylan sprinkles in a couple of throwaway numbers; these do not serve to detract from the album so much as to illuminate the extraordinary depth of the other songs, such as "Highlands," a 16-and-a-half-minute talking blues that closes the release and finds Dylan surveying his own charred emotional landscape.  "Highlands" is heavy stuff for sure, particularly when Dylan spots a group of kids drinking and dancing on the public green and longingly admits, "I'd give anything to turn back the clock"; or when he brutally acknowledges, "The party's over, and there's less and less to say." Yet throughout the song Dylan leavens desperation with his unique deadpan wit and ornery sense of perseverance, as when he blasts Neil Young on the stereo, only to be admonished by his neighbors, or when he slyly observes he wouldn't know the difference between a real blonde and a fake. These are the moments you realize "Time Out of Mind" is not so much a last will and testament as it is an affirmation of the beauty borne of pain. "I been to Sugar Town and I shook the sugar down," Dylan sings in the beautifully wistful "Trying to Get to Heaven." His words assume an almost oracular power, possessing a force that cuts to the heart of the mystery and complexity that have been hallmarks of Dylan's career. As seemingly dark and depressing as it sounds on the first few listens, "Time Out of Mind" is ultimately an act of inspired defiance by an elder whose wit, grit and wisdom flow ever more clearly and forcefully from the wellspring of a bruised heart and a battered psyche.     