 Politically speaking, 1984 wasn't the best year as Ronald Reagan handily won re-election.  Musically speaking, however, it was an extraordinary time, thanks in no small measure to two revolutionary post-punk releases: Husker Du's "Zen Arcade" and the Minutemen's "Double Nickels on the Dime." While the Huskers noisily plumbed the inner depths of alienation and despair, the Minutemen created something that amounted to good time music for the Reign of Reagan.  "Double Nickels" is a breathless 43-song (45 on the original tape), 75-minute romp that wrapped both the minutely personal and profoundly political in the language not just of punk, but also of funk, jazz and folk.  With an ever-widening thematic lens, nothing escaped the Minutemen's power of observation, from gangster capitalism and overseas intervention to leaky apartment ceilings and the youthful jams of aspiring punks.  To this day I marvel at the tensile strength of "Double Nickels on the Dime." In the Minutemen's world, heartbreak and humor both held squatter's rights. Make no mistake: D. Boon (guitar), George Hurley (drums) and Mike Watt (bass) were the children of punk.  Still, it's almost pointless to categorize "Double Nickels" because of its stylistic sprawl, its welcoming embrace of pop's idiomatic diversity (there are even covers of Steely Dan, Creedence Clearwater and, on the original tape, Van Halen) and, of course, its ideological thrust.  Buoyed as it is by Boon's often spoken-sung poetry and well-placed guitar licks, Watt's funky bass lines and Hurley's sturdy drum and cymbal work,"Double Nickels on the Dime" retains its transcendent power nearly 20 years after its original release.  We can only speculate on the fertility of the Minutemen's musical imagination and the depths of their collective heart. As Reagan's revolution continued to torch the working class, Boon was killed in an automobile accident at the end of 1985.  "Three-Way Tie for Last" would be their final release, with "Double Nickles on the Dime" standing as their finest hour. But don't think of "Double Nickels" as a last will and testament.  "I stand for language, I speak for truth, I shout for history." Boon says In "Do You Want New Wave or Do You Want the Truth?"   To which I respond: Amen brother. You always did, and always will.     