 Like a riot grrrl crashing high tea, Liz Phair exploded onto the scene in 1993 with this lo-fi yet scabrous assault on both the indie music scene and the pop culture's ingrained male ethos.  Phair brilliantly plays the role of musical and human chameleon. Moving effortlessly from strangely beautiful ballads like "Canary" to surging power-rockers like "Never Said," she endows "Guyville" with a spare, stripped-down sound, veering purposefully toward claustrophobia and entrapment before lighting out for the territory, like a female Huck Finn adrift on her raft. There are times when "Guyville" fittingly seems as if it had been recorded underwater, or in some kind of pressure chamber where the competing forces of carnal desire, romantic longing and emotional connection render Phair's persona as mushy and pliable as the face of an astronaut rocketing into space.  One moment, she's celebrating the pleasures of cunnilingus ("Glory") or delighting in the role of sexual predator ("Flower"); another, she's among the walking wounded of the sexual revolution ("F*** and Run") or a painfully self-aware casualty of love gone wrong ("Divorce Song").  Throughout "Guyville," Phair puts her essential guitar licks and dry voice to perfect use, backed in many of her songs by the empathetic accompaniment of Brad Wood and Casey Rice. "Divorce Song" wonderfully captures Phair's yin and yang -- irresistible, wispy melodies matched to provocative, unsettling wordplay. In it, casually devastating lyrics ("And the license said you had to stick around until I was gone/But if you're tired of looking at my face, I guess I already am") melt into a defiant, almost bluesy coda punctuated by John Casey's harmonica.  "Exile in Guyville" has been the subject of so much critical exegesis that you'd think it was a post-doctorate thesis on sexual and romantic mores in the waning days of the 20th century. My advice is to forget the labored explanations, apologias and dissertations sometimes delivered by (male) critics straining to place Phair's music in both psychological and artistic context. Nor should you worry about whether "Guyville" is a riposte to, or an updating of, the Stones' classic "Exile on Main Street," as more than few have posited. Instead, accept "Guyville" for what it is: one of the decade's most indispensable and flat-out enjoyable releases. If you're sending me to a desert island with but 10 cds, this is easily my first or second pick.     