 Lou Reed has returned with his strongest effort in years. "Ecstasy" is a dark song cycle dedicated largely to the death of  love and futility of marriage. Clocking in at 77 minutes, and darting in  and around the back alleys of lust, betrayal and dashed dreams,  "Ecstasy" is hardly the stuff of easy listening. But is richly  rewarding, supremely mature rock and roll. Like Bob Dylan, who released  his 1997 masterpiece "Out of Time" at age 56, Lou Reed is not  afraid to bring us pop music that tackles the personal conundrums of middle  and later life. And just as Dylan closed "Out of Time" with a  16-minute talking blues called "Highlands" that served as a kind  of emotional and thematic summation, Reed offers us "Like a  Possum": 18 noisy minutes in which his alter ego travels the lower  depths in search of an affirmation of his humanity. "Got a hole in  my heart the size of a truck," Reed bellows as his protagonist surveys  a blown-out landscape strewn with crack addicts and cheap whores -- a  tableau not unfamiliar to Reed's music. But the song is oddly affecting;  when Reed's alter ego realizes he's "the only one left standing/calm  as angel," you're bearing witness to someone bravely surviving despite  his and his world's worst instincts. "Ecstasy" has the sonic  richness and thematic daring that can only come from someone of Reed's age,  stature and jaundiced worldview. With old friends Mike Rathke on guitar and  Fernando Saunders on bass, "Ecstasy" pulsates with edgy,  unbridled energy. But even when Reed calms things down, the arrows still  pierce armor, as on the gorgeous "Baton Rouge," a ballad of love  not so much lost but never sought after or appreciated until it's painfully  beyond reclamation. "I wonder where love ends and hate starts to  blush," Reed muses with the realization of a man destined to live only  with his hard heart. Like the best of Reed's work, "Ecstasy" is  serious, sardonic, self-punishing and never less than vital, even in its  weaker moments (which are as spare as Lou's smile). In my mind, he's not  produced anything so raw, introspective and catchy since "The Blue  Mask."  Reed long ago earned his status as a kind of rock bard who  helped beget a generation of punkers and post-punkers. "Ecstasy"  confirms his stature as a reigning musical poet offering hymns to the  battle between discord and harmony, degradation and dignity.     