 In "The Cold Six-Thousand," the great crime noir novelist James Ellroy picks up right where he left off in 1995's brilliant, unsettling "American Tabloid." It's Nov. 22, 1963, Dealey Plaza in Dallas. JFK's blood is fresh, and the smoke has barely dissipated from the gun of alleged assassin Lee Harvey Oswald. Weaving fact and fiction into a bloody tapestry of American politics and culture, Ellroy has created a sequel that is messy, disturbing, excessively violent and, if not as coherent and unified as its forebear, nonetheless still compelling. "The Cold Six-Thousand" allows Ellroy to expand on at least a couple of his epic preoccupations: the fact that America was never innocent (the memorable first line of "American Tabloid"), and that history, as only Ellroy could put it, is best understood when seen through the eyes of its leg-breakers. The result is nearly 700-pages-worth of corrupt pols, mob bosses, low lifes, pimps, whores, drug runners, lounge lizards and hit men blowing to smithereens the illusion of an America grounded in freedom and tolerance. Two of American Tabloid's pivotal characters return: Ward Littell, the ex-Seminarian turned lawyer who somehow works (and occasionally kills) for Howard Hughes, J. Edgar Hoover and Jimmy Hoffa; and Pete Bondurant, the equally corrupt and brutal ex-Marine who is largely animated by his ferocious ant-communism (particulary with regard to Cuba) as well as his casual racism. To this mix Ellroy adds a third fictional protagonist, Wayne Tedrow, Jr., a young Vegas cop unwittingly sucked into the vortex of the Kennedy assassination and its aftermath by his loathsome father, a right-wing Mormon who publishes racist hate tracts and pals around with both the Mob and the Klan. As with "American Tabloid," Ellroy throws his fictional characters into the blender of documented history. Tedrow, Littell and Bondurant are indeed leg-breakers whose twisted privilege it is to travel the years spanning 1963-1968, from Vegas to Laos and all points between, and to help spur the demise of Martin Luther King, Jr. and Robert Kennedy. Their assassinations bring the novel to a climax and allow Ellroy, in the ruthless manner of Bondurant, to employ his own literary silencer as he sadistically muffles the American ideal.  King and Kennedy play substantial roles here, as do numerous other high- and low-rollers from Vegas, Hollywood, and D.C.: Bayard Rustin, Sal Mineo, Sammy Davis, Jr. and Sonny Liston. But no true-life character is reprised with greater panache than J. Edgar Hoover. Ellroy savagely (and with justification) caricatures the FBI overlord as a kind of pixilated and paranoid auteur responsible, both directly and indirectly, for the savagery visited upon the Kennedys and King, as well as for the infiltration of gangsterism into the body politic. Ellroy's signature style -- simple declarative sentences (conjunctions be damned!) assaulting our senses like bass lines blasting  from a stereo speaker -- might be viewed as off-putting or bordering on self-parody. Yet this seeming structural simplicity accretes into a dense, almost Joycean landscape where corruption, betrayal and greed are the only consistent signpoints. Plot lines overlap, sub-plots develop and then meander away, narrative voices shift, locales change and character motivations blur. In the end, our worst national nightmares -- JFK, RFK, and King; Vietnam -- seem even grimmer in their inevitability, thanks to Ellroy's profane but virtuoso riff on the dark underbelly of American history.     