 Sequels are a dangerous and difficult undertaking, but Billy Bragg and Wilco have once again done justice to Woody Guthrie's grand, beneficent vision and in so doing, have reinvigorated today's dismal pop music scene  with "Mermaid Avenue, Volume II." "Mermaid II," of  course, is Wilco's and Bragg's latest sojourn to daughter Nora Guthrie's  vault, wherein contained are thousands of lyrics Woody had yet to set to  music before Huntington's Disease sapped his strength and took his life. As  with Mermaid I, the Wilco-Bragg collaboration is as much a product of their  singular talents as it is a reinterpretation of our millennial heartaches  and hopes through the prism of Guthrie's poetic, populist eye.  It's been  said before, but it must be said again: no one is better suited to the task  of making the Guthrie archives a living, breathing document than Wilco, who  have practically invented a new American pop vernacular, and Bragg, the  English folk-rocker who's wedded acoustic and electric beauty with  unapologetically pro-worker lyrics.  While Guthrie's political, economic  and moral sensibilities are fairly well chronicled, some of Volume II's  most revelatory moments come from the intensely personal and spiritual side  of the American folk legend. That's why Wilco lead man Jeff Tweedy, with  his heartbreaking rasp of a voice and No Depression birth papers, is  perfectly poised to reinterpret and refashion what Guthrie put down on  paper. Tweedy, Wilco and Bragg get Volume II off to a rollicking start  with "Airline to Heaven," an inspirational hoedown that could  have given Samuel Beckett reason to believe, with slide guitars, shakers,  saws and handclaps lifting us into the clouds, gazing down on those  grounded by hypocrisy and materialism.  Wilco and Bragg sustain that  emotional intensity throughout Volume II, gliding remarkably from ballad to  blues to nursery rhyme to hoedown. Check out the startling admonition of  "Feed of Man," in which Guthrie/Tweedy implore us "to help  in the feeding and the seed of man/And not in the bleeding and the end of  man." Or the hushed beauty of recollected love in "Remember the  Mountain Bed." Or the silly but inexplicably sensible "I Was  Born," sung without mawkishness by Natalie Merchant. And if you want  unalloyed, radio-friendly pop, try "Secrets of the Sea," another  love song that enables Tweedy to reach back and capture the hooks that  graced "California Stars" in Mermaid I.  While Volume II is by  means an overt political statement, it flies gracefully as social  commentary when needed. Bragg brings punkish intensity (not to mention  "my union gun")  to "All You Fascists," which follows  on the heels of the buoyant "Against th' Law," in which New  Orleans blues singer Corey Harris moans "I'm a low pay daddy singing  th' high price blues" against a backdrop that includes Tweedy's  mandolin and the marvelous Jay Bennet's banjo.   Bragg's most poignant  turn comes with "Hot Rod Hotel," the story of a hotel porter and  night clerk who votes with his feet when it comes time to choose between  dignity and a lousy buck. "Hotrod Hotel" may be the most explicit  embrace of why workers need to band together without even having to use the  word "union," and its subtle power owes to Guthrie's gritty  storytelling and Bragg/Wilco's faithful idea of how he'd want the music to  sound.  It's almost pointless to compare the two volumes of Mermaid  Avenues. Both are abundantly blessed with heartbreaking beauty, sly humor,  goofy playfulness, apocalyptic visions and defiant flips of the middle  finger at an America as economically and socially stratified in Y2K as it  was when Guthrie first found dignity blowing alongside despair in the Dust  Bowl.  The only thing more to say about Volume II is this: When, if not  in God's name then Woody Guthrie's, will Billy Bragg and Wilco bring us  Volume III?     