 It was a long time coming, but Lucinda Williams has blessed us with a  masterful, poignant and often dark evocation of lost love and scarred  innocence in the deep South.  It took six years for Williams, a notorious  hyper-perfectionist, to get "Car Wheels" out on the market. But  so what? This release has more than enough depth of emotion, hard-earned  wisdom and stellar musicianship to last well into 2004 and beyond -- right  about the time Williams should be ready with a new masterwork. In the  meantime, I will continue to delight in Williams' uncanny ability to meld  the personal and the regional in eerie, startling fashion. Mixing blues,  folk and country with a voice that's like honey poured over sandpaper,  Williams scours the innermost depths of her heart and mind -- emerging  damaged yet resilient, jaded but hopeful.  Virtually every song is a  highlight, from the sharp-relief memories of the title track ("Cotton  fields stretching miles and miles/Hank's voice on the radio/Telephone  poles, trees and wires fly on by") to the autoerotic hum of  "Right in Time" to the commingled images of Robert Johnson and a  self-destructive lover in "2 Kool 2 be 4-Gotten," in which  Williams plaintively sings, "He asked me: would you jump into the  water with me?/I told him no way, baby, that's your own death, you  see." Williams has most certainly cornered the market on the  languorous, but she can surge forward with the fury of Neil Young and Crazy  Horse as evidenced in "I Lost It." She has few, if any, rivals at  shaking the memory bank of fractured relationships into melodically  irresistable melancholia, as evidenced by "Metal Firecracker."  And in "Joy," Williams morphs despair into funky defiance.   "Car Wheels" is breathtaking in the way it scans the spiritual  and physical landscapes of Williams' Louisiana and other points South.  Backed by some terrific studio musicians and well-known friends -- such as  Gurf Morlix, Roy Bittan, Donald Lindley, John Ciambotti, not to mention the  voices of Steve Earle and Emmylou Harris -- Williams whispers,  seethes,insinuates and slides into our subconscious. Her voice emerges as  its own instrumental star, uttering undeniable truths and harsh realities  that float on a cloud of dobros, bass guitars, accordions, bass guitars,  drums and mandolins.  "Car Wheels" is testament to a gritty  artistic vision pierced by hardship, loss and the scourge of memory, and  leavened by the indefatigable instinct for survival. It is a work of  haunting brilliance.     