 I simply wasn't prepared for this. Back in 1990 or so, I seized on Uncle Tupelo and their sad, strange, ineffably American sound: D. Boon and Bob Mould careering into Hank Williams and the Carter Family. So when UT  split off, and regenerated as Son Volt (led by Jeff Farrar) and Wilco  (fronted by Jeff Tweedy), I grudgingly acknowledged the split as  inevitable, and anticipated something akin to the rootsy garage rock they  perfected. While I wasn't expecting a tired rehash of the "No  Depression" school UT is credited with founding, but even so, Tweedy's  daring search for musical truths is nothing short of astounding.  From  "AM" through the incredible "Being There," up to the  wondrous Billy Bragg collaboration on "Mermaid Avenue" that put  music to Woody Guthrie's newly discovered words, Wilco has explored -- and  subtly exploded -- new song forms and ideas. I hesitate to call  "Summerteeth" the apex of Wilco's forward urge, because I suspect  Tweedy's restless genius has some great journeys ahead. So for now, I  willl continue to luxuriate in the densely beautiful sound of  "Summerteeth," as Tweedy/Wilco conjure an incredible array of  spirits -- the Beatles, Brian Wilson and the Byrds to name but a few --  while crafting some of the most irresistable pop that's come our way in  recent years. Of course, this is Jeff Tweedy we're talking about, so  beware the hooks. "Summerteeth" has a lush, resonant and  orchestral sound, but sadness and danger often lurk beneath its shiny pop  surfaces. Tweedy's keening voice is getting better with age, and it has the  capacity to startle when he sings "I dreamed of killing you again last  night/and it felt alright to me" on the rueful "Via  Chicago." Even at its brightest and bounciest, "Summerteeth"  is disarming, as on the bubbly "I'm always in love," which opens  with Tweedy asking, "Why, I wonder, is my heart full of  holes." I'm forever upset about the lack of popular acclaim and the  abundance of critical neglect that consigns some of our greatest bands to a  form of neglect that is hardly benign. So it's never easy for me to simply  recommend a group Wilco without urging any willing listener to dig deeper  and go back to Uncle Tupelo, which was so graced by Farrar's and Tweedy's  populist sensibilities. That said, I have to accept that Tweedy has gone  someplace new and different. It's not that he's abandoned roots rock so  much as traveled further down a continuum of glorious modern American  music.  Sure, I miss UT,  but "Summerteeth" makes me grateful  for Tweedy's restless, journeying spirit.     