 This book has received on Amazon, four stars from many readers and also one star. Reading it, one realizes why. Dracula by (A)Bram(braham)Stoker has been one of the consistently terrifying books since its publication more than a hundred years back. It can never be surpassed. It's popularity has spawned hundreds of imitations, probably next to Sherlock Holmes. In the 70s, Radu Frotesque wrote In Search of Dracula and we first heard of Vlad the Impaler.  Ms. Kostova's sprawling novel, The Historian, is out to outdo the great Count himself in a book which is almost a travelogue, moving all over Europe from Paris, Istanbul to Romania. Everywhere is indication that the Un-Dead Dracula is really not dead. I should not be giving out the end. So why the reviews of the book have been so inconsistent? For one, the narrative style. Too many flashbacks, no pattern and repetitious to boot.  Second, the writing ability of the author.  'What I found in Istanbul was too serious not to be taken seriously.' 'He wrote like an angel, the sort of angel whose precision would indeed have allowed him to dance on the head of a pin . . ' Please don't get me wrong. She can write well enough. It is the presence of odd phrases at places that sow a seed of discontent in the reader's mind. Right, you got it. The editing. Hasty and superficial, that's what kills the book.  In her own words, 'In telling of this story, his writing style lost some of the compactness and control I had noticed in the earlier two letters, stretching thin and harried and blossoming with small errors ...'(page 71). That surely is the best description of the book itself.  Am I wrong in finding that Chapter 22 (page 155) is out of place? Chapter 23, page 162, should have logically followed Chapter 20 after page 154.Chapter 24, page 167 is the logical follow up after page 161. If so, the entire Little Brown Editorial Department that worked on the book should voluntarly resign after hanging their heads in shame. So a book which had promise -although overwritten- and seemingly rushed to publication to take advantage of the summer beach reading, falls flat on its own face.  Ms. Kostova has nice old-fashioned writing skills. She needs to work with a good editor to polish up her work.  Dracula is such a great draw and this book comes close to fulfilling readers' longing for a book to continue the legend. Probably it will sell well, at least, initially.  But the poor editing, elaborate and unnecessary writing style takes away from the narrative. A giant publishing house like Little Brown should not take it for granted that gimmicks and promotion would take the place of a well edited book.     