 I am not surprised that so many fans find this book disappointing; I must state that when I read it first, I was of the same mind. And a more mature re-reading with Dialogues of the Dead first, I changed my mind.  First of all, let's take Dialogues, obviously, the two books are part of the same soil, sprouting trees at different times but close to each other, is so good, that it dazzles. Paronomania (didn't Morse talk about it in Way through the Woods?) and other word plays make the puzzle so much more an exercise in literary treasure hunt. Thomas Lovell Beddoes,how many people know of him or care (?), is the central running theme: a poet who was abnormally concerned with Death and died by committing suicide. Mr. Hill, a scholar, a writer who had matured faster than any vintage wine since his first book, A Clubbable Woman, published in 1970. A little more than thirty years, from a 'summat' nice book to a novel that defies the genre, by devious and meticulous plotting, characters that leap out and assault your senses, and use of the language that frequently sends you to the solace of consulting a dictionary, just to calm your fears.  Let's see: Peter Pascoe, an ordinary, smart detective, Andrew Dalziel, God's gift to Yorkshire Police and a man who would stand up on Judgement Day with a pint of Highland Park and a fearless mind, Ellie, who by her own admission a feminist but wants her husband when her daughter is in danger, Wieldy, a gay, bike riding Sergeant who survives Dalziel's scrutiny, and Bowler, called Hat. Not to forget Rye Pomona, who mourns the death of her brother and keeps his ashes on her mantelpiece.  Characters that Dickens would have been proud to have created. Situations that would have taxed Conan Doyle's fertile imagination, language that would put a red blush on the cheeks of a hard hearted lady of the night. Language? Yes, more frank than Christie would have approved of, but not gratuitous like Mr. King's. A Shakespeare of Mystery Writers? Why not? An empathy with his creations, and a gift for words that bring them to life, make the author supremely sure of his craft. Exaggerated for sure, but as near to the truth that Chandler wrote like a 'slumming angel.' In his classic but looking back, trite and self serving, A Simple Art of Murder, admittedly written in the dying year of the Second World War, he made fun of the traditional British Mystery. He scoffed at the plotting, the improbabilities, shallowness of the characters and could not define why they were so popular. Mr. Hill has taken all those weaknesses and turned them into Herculean muscles, while keeping the classic British mystery alive.  Admittedly, what turned me off in the first reading, was the length. But following the Dialogues, (there was a gap of one year or so before I read the Jest-Book, originally)the two books present an uninterrupted, fascinating tome that rival any of the greatest Victorian and Edwardian British novelists. I, who frequently complain about editors letting their writers meander on unnecessarily, can only felicitate Mr. Hill's, if he has one, in not letting in a single page of extraneous waste.  No, this is not Michael Connelly nor Dennis Lehane, for he is without a genre or style. He simply rises above all that by creating characters one can sympathize with, hate or love, all without distracting from the narrative. A superlative effort, perhaps the best of the author's life time, certainly a watershed even in the most Classics of Mystery genre. Give it time, it will grow on you, like the effects of a slowly sipped fifteen year old single malt whiskey.     