 I am surprised at all the praise being heaped on the book; it has done nothing but gilded the lily, when the original Annotated Sherlock Holmes by William S. Baring-Gould, still is fresh and fragrant.  Mr. Leslie Klinger, 'one of the foremost Holmes authorities in the world' has added precious little to the original. Even he must acknowledge a debt to Mr. Baring Gould, which he does after a fashion, in the preface to the work, justifying his own work for 'including reference to hundreds of works published subsequently.' Any of those throw any new light on a detective that saw light of day in print in 1887? None. Mr. Baring-Gould's book was an innovation, much before the 'annotated' books became a fashion and sold a few copies. The search for references, the time spent in research showed a sense of scholarship that was stupendous.   More or newer does not always add to the enjoyment: for example, annotations for A Scandal In Bohemia, re: the late Irene Adler, Mr.Baring Gould's tongue in cheek solution-'King of Bohemia murdered the woman' and Mr. Klinger's use of the same information and just adding 'a natural death cannot be ruled out' does not enhance the topic. (Both versions have much more information on this, Mr. Baring Gould's the pithier)and just to show how imitation can flatter, this reference to late Irene Adler is number 4 in both the books! Nitpicking? Perhaps. This is just a fan crying out at the waste and repetition. So we know Sherlock Holmes sells! Give us something new. We don't mind forking out $75 (or less if bought on Amazon.com) but give us something original.  Even the Norton production is so much inferior to the Clarkson Potter publication of '67? (Has it been that many years!) Years that gave pleasure to hundreds of thousand of fans.  The illustrated boards of the original showing London of Sherlock Holmes and the stark recycled paper of the new one just show how the book designer quickly gave up, for economical reasons or lack of inspiration? And the shining golden title has given way to a prosaic black of the present volume, telling us the perhaps, that the publishers, quite unconsciously have, given it the second rate treatment.  I wonder if the critics who praise this volume have just seen and failed to observe the obvious differences between the two sets of books. The third volume is due! I, for one, is not losing any sleep in anticipation; I am looking forward more to the Half Blood Prince.          