 Mrs. Christie wrote the most fantastic puzzle novels and her characters grew over the years. Somewhere in the 40s, she started introducing her books not with the crime but the characters. In a few paragraphs or a page or so, she laid the basic motivations of those who would be involved in the mystery that followed. It added dimension to her books: remember Death on the Nile, The Hollow, And Then There Were None (one of her major masterpieces? Ms.James has chosen to wear the mantle of the late Agatha Christie from her first book, Cover Her Face. She gave an added dimension to the characters. From her central puzzle mysteries she graduated to the character oriented mysteries with Death Of An Expert Witness -the size of the books started expanding too- and wrote her masterpiece, A Taste For Death, next. Since then she has been following the pattern of rich mysteries with great characters. Still her obsession with the dark side of sex, conflict of religious principles and a fondness to make Adam Dalgliesh more human, shows in the later books.  Which is fine and dandy. But come on, Mr. Dalgliesh was better off reciting poetry to himself even though facing a daunting mystery, than worrying about marrying his girl friend who seems to be ambivalent about her beau's, a Commander of Scotland Yard no less, inability to keep appointments because murder happens. At 85, Ms. James has mixed success in adding dimensions to the characters by making them more caricatures in a soap opera than in real life. Still, Adam rocks, and Kate Miskin has sexual escapade and there is Sgt. Benton-Smith to be supervised.  I am sure that after reading the manuscript, Ms. James or her editor decided to start with the prologue describing the murder before the detailed character studies (Just like Ms.Christie laid out, but more succinctly)start. At least those are bearable knowing the murder has already happened and soon Adam Dalgliesh, the greatest of the modern day detectives will be in his element. The Lighhouse has a quaint setting: which is the author's forte. It has a whiff of bygone days when the Black Tower was written. Many readers will find some elements in common, which is okay, for she, like other great writers, has always refined her earlier themes. But the reason to read the book is the prose. Ms. P.D. James's writing moves in a smooth and majestical leisured manner of an contented python. She never hurries and never lets her grip on the novel go. Her word count has been steadily declining which perhaps adds more snap to the narrative. She does not need it, for in her element she is unsurpassed except perhaps rivalled by Ms. Rendell's Wexford Mysteries.  When reviews of mysteries talk of the details of the puzzle, it always distracts would be readers so I'll refrain from that. Suffice it to say, the mystery is good worth reading. The book gets only 4 stars because it is by P.D. James, and even in her declining years, one's expectations remain high. A great compliment to a great writer. May she write more Dalgliesh books, perhaps throwing in Cordelia Gray, we have missed her since The Skull Beneath the Skin.     