 Apple's iPod has dominated the MP3 player market for quite a while but after buying the Olympus M:robe, I'm having trouble seeing why.  The M:robe is cheaper, smaller, and literally oozes cool.    The styling of this little device will make any iPod want to cry.  A beautiful red on dark red LCD screen, glowing red touch screen panel, and it's so small that it will fit anywhere.  The touch screen panel is tweaked perfectly meaning you'll never need to smash it to get somewhere.  However, the hold button will be used all the time to prevent unwanted executions via the panel.  However, it's not an issue.  Just be sure to use it often.  One of the main complaints I heard about the m:robe was over the software "m:trip" that the player came with.  I have absolutely no problem with the software at all.  Sure, it did take a few hours to get all my songs up and ready to go but the actual transfer of files literally took under a minute for 350 mp3s.  The people who complain about this must expect this to be a 30-second process.  Be patient.  The 5GB storage was more than enough for me as those 350 mp3s only took up about a 1/4 of the overall space.  Once you play these songs, you'll hear my #1 favorite thing about the m:robe (and perhaps the most important).  The depth of sound.  The quality of the music is so deep and amazing, I literally get blown away everytime.  Pair that great quality with some Philips Surround Sound headphones and you'll never put this thing down.  Now for my complaints as there are a couple.  The amount of scratching that the screen can get is ridiculous.  I even bought a case and in one week, it looks like I beat the utter crap out of it on a regular basis even though I treat it like my own child.  Eventually you have to get over it, but it gets on my nerves when I know I took great care of it and yet everytime the sun hits, it looks like it has more valleys and scratches than the Grand Canyon.  However, my biggest gripe is the battery.  I can charge it up for at least 6 hours, have it say it's done, and then say it's dead and needs to be charged only 3 hours later.  What happened to the 12 hour battery life?  The battery charge fluctuates so much it will literally shut off in the middle of playing only to start right back up saying it's fully charged.  Other problem is that the volume produced from this thing isn't loud at all.  On full blast, I can barely hear it over my push mower.  Sound cancelling headphones aren't a help either because they make it sound even quieter thus rendering my old Sennheiser HD212's useless for now.  Overall, if you can get over the few problem spots of the m:robe, you'll love it.  Definately check it out as even with the battery, accident proof screen, and low volume, I love my M:robe.     