 After Scooter's somewhat experimental (also seen as somewhat lackluster) album, "Mind The Gap", H.P., Rick, and Jay produce another sure shot dance hit from their newest album "Who's Got The Last Laugh Now?" which comes out on November 4th.  I was able to be one of the 12,000 people who heard the song first! Live in Chicago! That's right, Scooter's "Dance Invasion" concert was the premiere of the new single and it blew all of us away (the entire show did as well).  The music video for the song was also shot in Chicago featuring shots from both the show and the city itself.  "Hello! (Good To Be Back)" was released on Oct. 14th in Germany.  The song itself follows the basic yet explosive Scooter formula for their latest hits:  VERSE, CHORUS, SYNTH RIFF/MELODY, VERSE, CHORUS, SYNTH RIFF/MELODY, RANDOM H.P. LINE, CHORUS WITH SYNTH LINE  Seems basic, right?  It is, and Scooter's ability to continually use this formula and sound original and explosive in every song is pure genius.  The song is a very distant cover of Gary Glitter's "Hello Hello I'm Back Again".  The only similarities between the two songs are the title and the chorus line.  The radio edit of the song opens with gunshots and explodes into full-fledged dance goodness.  Opening with the resounding "Hello! Hello! Good to be back! Good to be back!" chorus that echoes deeply through the song.  The song moves quickly through the verses, which are great as well.  H.P. really pulls some great lines out of this one, boosting the song to another level completely:  "Like a hot rock body shock to the top, Don't stop, it's the ride of your life! Hold on tight! The whole night, cause you've got the right! So let me know if you're good to go! I say:"  The chorus is simple (using the simple "Hello! Hello! Good..." line) but underneath the lyrics and techno melody is a guitar riff that adds to the roughness and power of the song.  Also added in the 2nd and 3rd choruses are the distant "HEY HEY!" that can be heard the "Hello!" and "Good To Be Back!" lines.  The b-side for the single "Path" is not the normal melodic trance normally used.  Instead, you have an 180BPM monster that slips in and drills your eardrums till you want to cry.  High-pitched electronic squeals can be heard as if the synths themselves in Scooter's studio are begging for mercy.  Truthfully, it's a "love it or hate it" track.  Those who like hardstyle and rough techno will love it.  Those who prefer more melodic tunes will probably turn away from this one.  Overall, it's an explosive powerful single that's nothing less than pure genius.  Scooter is indeed back with a vengeance and their new album "Who's Got The Last Laugh Now?" will not disappoint.     