 First of all, I'm extremely disappointed in Amazon for listing this product so late.  It came out in Europe on Nov. 8th and just now it's here.  However, this album is definately worth the wait and is Scooter's best album yet.  The album starts off with "Killer Bees" which is a sub-par intro when compared to "Ignition" or "MC's Missing" from the Sheffield and The Stadium Techno Experience.  However, as soon as this track ends, the party begins and never stops till the last second of "Trip to Nowhere".  Next up is "One (Always Hardcore)", a beautifully done party track.  This track begins with some usual guitar but the samples kick in soon after with H.P. yelling "I am the horseman!".  The chorus really shines in this song.  Everything is timing so well and the mix of H.P. and crowd samples yelling "Yeaaaa! Yeaaa! Yeaaa! I feel hardcore!" is simply amazing.  This song will be the 2nd single from the album and released Dec. 6th in Europe.  The single version is longer and includes a different mix.  In my opinion, it's even better.  "Shake That!", the first single from the album, comes next and, although very different from your standard Scooter track, I always enjoy it.  It's a cover of KC and The Sunshine Band's "Shake Your Booty".  I know what you're thinking.  Disco? Come on now.  Through H.P.'s great MCing and Jay and Rick's great keyboarding, they turn a subpar 70s song into a GREAT disco-house song.  And remember: "Life without knowledge is death in disguise!". ;)  "My Eyes Are Dry" seems like more of a filler track than anything.  It's under 3 minutes long but is still enjoyable.  The entire song is rough and it's hard to hear H.P's lyrics and the guitar riffs.  However, I do enjoy the keyboards in this song as they show through very clear.  The next track "All I Wanna Do" has the greatest beginning I have ever heard.  It begins with some very fast drumming, almost something you'd expect from Stomp! and suddenly explodes into a huge bassline.  The HPV (high-pitched voice) is back again but only appears in the chorus.  As you could have guessed it is indeed a cover of Cheryl Crow's "All I Wanna Do".  This track sounds a lot like the new version of "Weekend!" but I think "Weekend!" is a little bit better.  Although an old track, "Jigga Jigga!" is included as a bonus track on the album.  It's always been a favorite of mine because the mix of trance and dance is awesome.  Rick's wife sings the trance vocals.  Great track.  When I first saw the title "Panties Wanted" over a month ago, I almost died laughing.  However, like "Shake That!", this song isn't necessarily normal Scooter material.  The verses are hard to describe but the chorus includes guitar riffs!  This song is very good and shows some variation in this album as far as styles go.  A definate favorite "Trance-Atlantic" tips the scales at 7:53 minutes long.  However, this trance track is the best I've heard as you can almost feel the song evolving.  The melody is amazing and has no lyrics.  There is one part where a choir begins to sing in the background and that is definately the best part of the track (4:50 - the end).  Amazing.  "Stripped" is a cover of Depeche Mode's track.  This is the ballad of the album.  At first, I wasn't a big fan but now I really enjoy it as you can feel the song flow well.  H.P.'s lyrical ability shine through very well in this track as well.  Closest song to compare to this one might be "Summer Wine" from Sheffield but with no acoustics and all keyboards.  Unfortunately, "Suavemente" is my least favorite track of the album.  Although latin and hard house are great club genres, Scooter's attempt to mix the two comes off as rough and doesn't flow.  The latin chorus almost seems pasted on with no real transition from the hard house bassline.  However, kudos to Scooter for the attempt.  "The Chaser" is definately the masterpiece of the album.  Much like "Jigga Jigga!" but even better!  The chorus is great and the trance vocals make the song even more explosive.  A huge party track and trance track, "The Chaser" will definately appeal to fans of both genres.  Amazing song.    Remember the song "Knock on Wood" by Amii Grant?  "The Avenger's Back" is a cover of that song.  Although the song seems doomed from the start, H.P. helps the song from not going downhill and is a decent track.  The verses include great lyrical skill from H.P. and the chorus is him yelled "Knock on Wood!".  Not bad.  The end track "Trip To Nowhere" is a great trance, chill-out track.  This song is a great end track to a great album.  It's about 5 minutes long and like "Trance-Atlantic" includes no vocals.  I got my copy of this album about 2 weeks ago and still have not taken it out of my car CD player.  This album is amazing and it seems to flow so well.  DEFINATELY worth the buy.  As far as the second CD, I'm disappointed because released the same show in their download shop about 2 months ago.  It's nice to have an "official" copy but I wish they would have made the 2nd CD a video of the concert.  But, once again, an outstanding album and by far, Scooter's best yet.     