 At this very time, I'm listening to this CD.  It hasn't left my CD in 2 weeks and love every minute of it.  It's a great CD set jam packed with the best songs from around the world.  I've always been a fan of DJ Encore and he shows that he has great taste in music.  Since I have the first CD in, I'll give you a song by song review (first CD only). 1) Thank You (Deep Dish Vocal Remix) - Dido  Rating: 4/5 - A good intro to the CD, not much variation in the song but still offers a good remix.  There's one part that has this wierd effect and it hurts my ears. 2) They Say Vision (DJ Encore Remix) - Res Rating: 5/5 - Not until today did I give this song a full listening to and I'm happy I did.  The vocals match great with the beat making it one of the best on the CD. 3) We Are All Made of Stars (DJ Tiesto Vocal) - Moby Rating: 3/5 - I've never been a fan of Tiesto and I can't say this song changed my opinion.  I liked the song to begin with, but this version seems bland.   4) Heaven (Extended Mix) - DJ Sammy & Yanou feat. Do Rating: 3/5 - This is a good song but it was played so often when it was popular that it seems old now. 5) I See Right Through to You (Pulser Remix) - Dj Encore Rating: 4/5 - The beginning seems to last forever but gets into a good mix.  I think it could be improved a little but still worth a listen from time to time. 6) Who Will Love Me (Radio Edit) - Riva feat. Dannii Minogue Rating: 5/5 - Great song!  Fast paced with great beat and vocals.  I listen to it every time.  The song seems so forceful that you can't stop listening to it! 7) Wanna Be With Me - Da Buzz Rating: 2/5 - Granted it has a good chorus, the rest seems pop-ish.  A little disappointing.  I listen to it every once and a while. 8) Omnibus - Laut Sprecher feat. Katie Skate Rating: 5/5 - My favorite overall.  The chorus is amazing and the beat keeps you dancing.  The voice does get annoying but is tolerable.  I loved German music and this gives me more reason to do so. 9) Fire (Orange Factory Vocal) - Dolce Rating: 2/5 - One word...."DISCO".  I felt like I was in the 70's again.  It's decent but nothing more. 10) The Sound of Goodbye (Robbie Rivera Vocal) - Perpetuous Dancer Rating: 2/5 - I had heard the regular mix of this song and this version does not do it justice.  I recommend the original. 11) Safe from Harm - Narcotic Thrust feat. Yvonne John Lewis Rating: 3/5 - Decent song.  Seems almost Caribbean at the beginning.  It's a good song but doesn't fit my taste. 12) Sunglasses at Night (Extended) - Tiga & Zyntherius Rating: 2/5 - Repetitive and bland.  The first time I listened to it, I kept wondering when it was going to end. Well that's it for CD #1!  The first CD is alone worth the price so go for it!  You'll love it!     