 When you think dance, you should think Scooter.  No exceptions.  From 1994 till the present, they've been a constant powerhouse in the techno scene.  And this CD does a great job of showing off their greatest hits. "Pushing the Beat" is the US Edit for the CD "Push The Beat For This Jam" which was released in Europe.  The CD features hits from the "second chapter".  The second chapter is the time-period where Scooter was with their second keyboardist, Axel Coon, along with all-time members H.P. Baxxter and Rick J. Jordan.  However, this chapter ended with the song "Nessaja" which is actually not made with Axel but with Scooter's 3rd keyboardist Jay Frog.   Fom "Nessaja" to "How Much is the Fish?", Scooter's most popular beats keep coming harder than ever.  Classics like "Posse! I Need You on the Floor!" make this CD an absolute masterpiece.  After "How Much is the Floor" comes some brand news tracks from the Scooter crew.  "Greatest Beats" and "New Years Day" come from the tracks "We Are The Greatest" and "F*ck the Millenium".   One of the tracks entitled "Sunrise (Ratty's Inferno)" has a story behind it.  In Europe, many DJs see Scooter as a joke unforunately.  Scooter saw this and made up another artist called Ratty.  Under this artist name, they released the track "Sunrise (Here I Am)", one of the greatest songs ever.  Seriously.  The song became instantly popular and people wondered who this group was.  When the music video was shown for the song, three rats were shown.  Three Rats = Three Members of Scooter.  There is no doubt this is Scooter, but few still refuse to believe it.  Many still own the song with no idea it's Scooter.  This song is the Instrumental Edit for the song and is still as great as the original. The hits continue with great songs like "Habanera" and "Loud and Clear".  The hidden track turns out to be one of the best songs Scooter ever made.  The track is "Ramp! The Logical Song", a cover of Supertramp's classic.  Listen.  You'll love it.  Guaranteed. This CD is a masterpiece.  And since this is the only Scooter album you can find here in the States, go and experience the greatness that is Scooter.     