 I've owned Epsons all my life, and if there's one thing they've always kept focus on is the quality of their prints.  They were the first printer company to really target "photo-realistic" printers to the mainstream market, and I think their R&D team has done a fabulous job at improving their technology over the years. The prints are absolutely fabulous, and I haven't noticed any of the fading that some of the older models had a problem with... and I treat my photos like crap, too. :) The roll feature is also very nice, because you can print banners... reminds me of back in the day when Print Shop was the coolest program on the market and my dot-matrix printer could print banners. Nostalgia aside, these banners are a different breed- you can do ANYTHING with this printer. I love it, in terms of quality. The PCMCIA slot is also a very nice touch, especially if you have a digital camera. The DC model has the Compact Flash adapter included, but you can buy a PCMCIA card that takes smartmedia or Sony Memory Sticks (if you want the epson with the Sony Memory Stick adapter instead of the Compact Flash adapter, go and get the 875DCS model). But here's the downside to this printer. Sure, it's got USB and everything, but the USB support for win2k is horrendous. I've tried working with Epson on numerous occasions, but I've come to realize that they had no clue what the problems were either, and that they were taking stabs in the dark with what to do with my system. With most other printers, you could actually just hook up the parallel port, but beware, THIS PRINTER HAS NO PARALLEL PORT. IT ONLY SUPPORTS USB.  The problem I had was this: It would print about half a page, stop, then print out garbage. Or, it would print out half a page, eject the piece of paper, and the print the other half on a different piece of paper. it was insane. Or- it would print half a page, and then kill my USB ports. Plus, now my USB Root Hub is completely messed up, because not even my intellimouse works on it anymore. I still don't know why this printer doesn't work with one of my computers & win2k (my pro-intel friend John is CONVINCED that it's because it's an AMD Anthlon), but I DID get it to work on my other machine that also runs win2k (yeah yeah.. it's a celeron. Leave me alone). So right now, I just have my AMD networked to my Celeron... so yes, this printer does just fine with Win2k Networking. :) So, if you can get this printer to work, it's absolutely incredible. It has my highest endorsements. But getting it to work is easier said than done if you're running win2k.     