 Okay, well- I'm adding this part to all my South Park Reviews: For this price for four episodes, this is a great deal. I remember buying the VHS versions first (which are split up differently), and feeling I got ripped off on those once I saw how great these DVDs were.  I'll review each individual episode the best I can remember now... (oh, and i forgot to mention this in my earlier reviews, but i guess better late than never: The commentary before each episode by Matt and Trey are priceless. Very funny stuff.) Starvin Marvin: "click click clack clik." I recall this episode had me rolling around the floor laughing... Like most of the other episodes, there are a couple of storylines going on. One is the adoption of Starvin Marvin, the ethiopian boy, another is the genetically altered turkeys (very boring), and lastly is the shuttling off of Cartman (the funniest part). When Cartman gets mad, it's funny. Why it's funny, I don't know. But I can't stop laughing. It's considered the Thanksgiving episode. Mecha Streisand: Okay, I don't like Streisand as much as the next fellow, but I didn't like this episode at all. It was boring, unoriginal... and worst of all- you could tell when Matt and Trey were trying to be funny but didn't quite get to that point. Although it's not the worst episode... it's far from the best. Mr. Hankey the Christmas Poo: One of the funniest episodes EVER. This alone is worth the price of the DVD, and it introduces another classic character, Mr. Hankey... I think Mr. Mackey is also introduced in this episode (hearing him say, "he's a clinically depressed fecalfeliac" always cracks me up). Anyway, it's considered the Christmas episode, and is funny funny funny! Tom's Rhinoplasty: Mr. Garrison decides to quit teaching the kids to bum around and pick up hot chicks with his new nose job. And if watching the "New Mr. Garrison" with mr. hat on his hand run around town isn't funny enough, the "chick from species" also guest voices Ms. Ellen, a gay substitute teacher that Wendy hates because stan is in love with her.  Ahh... to only be 8 years old again...     