 That is what Zone of Enders will always be referred to.  I find this incredibly sad, because Zone of Enders is truly a solid game. It's fun, visually stunning, and nothing like we've ever played before (except in the arcades). But I know tons of people buying this game solely to play the MGS2 Demo.  But Konami already knew that. Anyway, Zone of Enders is a very easy game with what is supposed to be an indepth storyline. Unfortunately, the storyline is about as indepth as say "The Bouncer," and it leaves you hanging. The motivations for some of the actions to the characters were quite pathetic and even annoying at times. The only voice-acting I thought was solid was ADA, who was monotonous anyway. Everyone else was just annoying. Regardless, the game is fun to play and look at. Now, the Metal Gear Solid 2 Demo- it's pretty incredible. You only play one level, which can actually be finished in under 10 minutes, but there's a lot more to do in the level than just finish it. If you've never played Metal Gear Solid before, the controls take some getting used to, but once you do, it's incredibly fun. Some of the effects you run into during the game are incredible. You can see the individual hairs on the characters' faces. When people shoot you, and you're against a wall, blood splatters on the wall. When there's a pool of blood, and you step in it, you leave blood footprints for a while, and the enemy can see it and sound an alarm. You can take an enemy hostage and drag him around and not get shot at. You can surprise an enemy and point a gun at his head or at his groin and he'll give you stuff (like health). You can have your back up against a wall, and you can tap the wall to call attention to the guard. You can search people and shove them in rooms and even lockers once you've knocked them out. You can shoot pipes and fire extinguishers to temporarily blind enemies... if you smoke, your health slowly goes down. i was walking in the rain...  and i stepped inside, and the guard saw my wet fotoprints. and the way it shows you is through a little popup PIP window, that shows you what the guard sees... it's cool... just some incredible stuff. They're not even done with the game yet. You should be excited by now.     