 Okay, well- I'm adding this part to all my South Park Reviews: For this price for four episodes, this is a great deal. I remember buying the VHS versions first (which are split up differently), and feeling I got ripped off on those once I saw how great these DVDs were.  I'll review each individual episode the best I can remember now... (oh, and i forgot to mention this in my earlier reviews, but i guess better late than never: The commentary before each episode by Matt and Trey are priceless. Very funny stuff.) Terrance and Phillip- Not Without My Anus: I'll talk about this bonus episode first, because I find it to be one of the most underrated 30 minutes in TV history. I couldn't stop laughing at some of the stuff in the show- and I have nothing against Canadians (although I DO have something against Celine Dion... woo hoo!). This episode alone is worth the price of the DVD... and if you've watched the movie and enjoyed Terrance and Phillip's antics on the big screen, you'll love them in this. Cartman's Mom... Part I: In the quest to find out who Cartman's Dad is, it becomes evident Mrs. Cartman was quite the party-girl back in the day. It's a Cartman Episode, so hey... it's funny. Cartman's Mom... Part II: The conclusion of the first part... I agree with the other reviewer in terms of it being anticlimactic. It's the worst of all the "cartman" episodes... but it's still not the worst of the series (that honor goes to "Flashbacks"). Chicken Lover: Heh heh. There's some guy in South Park doing stuff to chickens, and officer Barbrady is on sabatical to learn how to read. Cartman goes off and takes the law into his own hands in this COPS spoof. This is a great episode. Watching Cartman always gets me laughing, and this is no exception. Ike's Wee Wee: The title refers to Ike's Brisque (sp?). I love Ike, and this is one of those episodes where he shines. It focuses on the relationship between Kyle and his little brother, which I thought was a change of pace from the standard four kids interacting with each other. Solid episode.     