 Confession - I am modern man and, as such, am frequently very representative of my generation - skeptical and dismissive, irreverent and difficult to impress.  In the past, I would be hard pressed to admit satisfaction without finding some grievance with anything, let alone a Hollywood blockbuster.  But here's the deal - Peter Jackson's Fellowship of The Ring is as perfect as the Hollywood adventure gets.  I would defend any and all of the changes that were made in adapting Tolkien's opus in a blood fight against any JRRT geek who shall step forward. Fellowship - this first part of the trilogy, more than Towers and ROTK, begs for contraction... it is longest in the number of pages and approximately 18 years falls between the beginning and the end.  I've heard complaints at the lack of Tom Bombadil and the Barrow Wights and I have to tell you that the Bombadil section of the story is the most easily omitted, mainly because he dominates the one chapter or so and then never comes up again.  The main point of Bombadil is the insertion of some more singing and to dish out magic weaponry.  This really isn't worth ten minutes of screen time. What I love about this movie is the speed and sense of urgency that moves things and, yes, the result is that a lot of moments of the book get cut.  This movie has kept the focus solely on the movement of the ring to mount doom.  This is the best way to do adventure on screen - make sure that the characters have major (life or death) objectives that they continue to pursue.  Some express that the movie omitted the sense that the fellowship had a decision to make over whether to go to Mordor or Gondor.  It was not an omission; something that they accidentally forget... it was a change and a damned good one.  I love the suggestion that the ring is going to Mordor - period.  This is the doubtless objective that drives the film that makes it move well.  If there was a lot of hesitation and the sense that they were just going south and making the decision later then we're left with aimless location driven drivel (Phantom Menace anyone?).  There's been disdain for the fact that Frodo tells Aragorn he's going by himself to Mordor and Aragorn accepts it.  I cannot put into words how genius I think this move is, primarily because in the book Aragorn figures it out quickly anyway and here we're spared a boring scene where they all stand around scratching their heads.  Secondly, I always felt it was peculiar that Aragorn (in the novel) wants to protect Frodo and yet when he figures out that Frodo went off and that Boromir tried to take the ring (possibly scaring him off) that he does not go after him.  It seems like cowardice because he himself proposed the idea that he go to Mordor with Frodo and Sam and that the others go to Gondor.  In the film, Frodo gets to look him in the eyes and Aragorn knows that he is going off for the right reasons.  Then there's those that gripe about the extended role of Arwen, probably feeling that it's been Hollywooded up by adding more of `the girl' and `romance'.  But isn't it queer that Aragorn marries Arwen, who does so little.  If it happens exactly as the book, the audience will end up liking Eowyn more as a stronger character.  Not that Aragorn has to love the stronger character, it's just that by showing more of what George Costanza would call `relationship Aragorn' - Aragorn out of the context of the quest or war, it doesn't just add more Arwen, it adds dimension to the future king - adds humanity, which honestly isn't in the book. At least one fan review says something to the extent that many fans take great offense to the fact that Glorfindel was eliminated.  What they don't understand is that in a movie it can be hard to throw in extra characters with extra names mainly because the names are frequently missed (their not written down for you to see every few lines after all).  Since Glorfindel doesn't ever come up again, why burden an audience that's already taking in a lot of info with his presence?  I feel that the reason some fans are so attached to these small characters (Glorfindel, Bombadil, Lobelia, Lotho) is because there's something lacking in some of the power players in the books.  My examples are Aragorn, Saruman and to a lesser degree Gandalf.  Tolkien creates Aragorn and Gandalf as almost arrogant know it alls and though he often says that they show mercy or compassion or love or kindness, he doesn't show them do it (this, by the way, is a frequent symptom of fantasy - and other genre type - writing).  The film has taken bold moves to flesh out these characters and show them as Tolkien meant for them to be.  Saruman in the trilogy is an almost sniveling and pathetic villain. His power and the power of his voice are stated repeatedly but the few times he shows up there is a real weakness.  The film has vastly improved on his strength and created a Saruman that far exceeds my imagination in venom and charisma.  In summary, I think the great characterization of major players is well worth the expense of the likes of Glorfindel and Bombadil. Now, it may seem that I am bashing Tolkien in my defense of the movie but... well maybe I am and I'm sorry.  It's not that I'm a JRRT detractor or don't love his works.  It's just that I have experienced lots of different fiction and seen it adapted and frequently characters and dramatics are slighted in a condensed form.  Here, that is not the case at all.  Not that LOTR is not a staggeringly fantastical work of imaginative power, it's just that... well, Faulkner it ain't.     