 This is where I have to part company with my contemporaries who cry and clamor for a higher standard in American movies.  Yes, this movie is different and quirky and unpredictable to a point... but that doesn't make it the best thing since sliced bread.  I understood this movie... just like I understood The Postman and Titanic (and other bottom of the barrel Hollywood trash).  But it's not good... because, if no other reason - its boring.  All of you prickly little critics who want to accuse me not having an attention span greater than four seconds, don't waste you sense of indignant outrage... just listen.  This movie starts with an off screen train crash which is followed by at least thirty minutes of a man in a waking coma trying to figure out how many days he's been sick.  Question:  If you (provided that you live in this world, where other people fall ill) had never been sick, wouldn't you know it?  You may ask your mother about your childhood illnesses, but you certainly wouldn't go to your boss and wife to find out how often you'd taken ill in recent years.  As an intelligent audience member, I felt like someone was literally battering me over the head with a bat.  I figured after about three minutes he hadn't been sick... why did Shayamalan have to tour us through the bloody details.  But yet I sat, wanting desperately to be entertained... yes, entertained - there are films that propose deeper levels of discourse and ask for a little patience in exploring them (something like Pi or Gattaca or Mother Night comes to mind to name a few 90's films) but this isn't one of them.  This is a simple tale - almost fable like akin to the Star Wars trilogy not The Seventh Seal or Shindler's List - it's got to entertain you.  Basically, this ended up being two hours of a dope discovering he has super powers where the average film goers would have known at least ten years before the movie began.  The reason I mention that the train crash is off screen is it sets up a comparison to another film of this year - Cast Away (also not incredibly deep).  Immediately before fifty minutes where one character will be on screen, we see a dramatic plane crash.  Why does Zemeckis show us all this?  The answer is simple... the audience needs to see what goes down because the character's ongoing state of mind is going to be the only source of dramatic tension.  Unbreakable asks us to care about its protagonist mind state and its voyage of discovery in the same way...yet we don't see what he's gone through.  Maybe if I saw the crash I'd understand why he seems so dopish and confused.  Maybe the trauma of the crash would sustain the audience through the next unbearable hour.  By the way I'm an avid comic fan and collector... trust me it doesn't help.     