 Here's the deal... I lament for the good ol' days just as much as the next man.  Some times I'll pass by some kids who'll be bumpin some of the recent [garbage] and it saddens me to think that they don't know what they've missed.  But I also know that a good deal of the problem is actually me.  We can't replace the times that were - be it the sights, sounds, tastes or loves and that's not only a fact but it's a good thing.  Something living on in memory is part of human experience and you can't convince me that our lives wouldn't be a little diminished if what was was for all time (if you can follow that).   There's no way I could enjoy this album as much as "Do You Want More?" and I'm glad for it.  But the fact of the matter is, this is a high quality set.  There isn't any unlistenable music here.  Yes... the shout out track and the noise at the end of Water are worth little more than the light aerobic exercise you'll get moving for the 'skip forward' button.  And yes... I too was put off a bit by the relentless r&b vibe of Break You Off (though I've come to enjoy the song on it's on merits).  Yes, the...er, 'cat' word is said a few too many times on track 11 (though isn't that kind of the point).  And yes, any child could come up with a better refrain than shouting "We will rock you!"  Nonetheless, all that "The Roots have changed and I don't like it" jazz needs to stop.  I too have noticed that there's been a great decrease in the number of MCs that appear but the argument (made a couple here) that Black Thought can not carry the lyrical side of things by himself is baseless and perplexing.  I've long thought that the man was underrated but after giving this a couple of twirls I've come to the conclusion that he's just one of the greatest to ever hold a mic.  It is his verbal dexterity that makes the... shall we say... more poppy numbers like Break You Off, Sacrafice, Complexity more than bearable for fans of the pure element.    Despite my disdain for Nelly Furtado, Sacrafice is a very solid joint especially due to the lead in, though it's chorus has a tedious old negro spiritual thing going on.  The album is pretty much listenable straight through from track 6 to the end despite the inevitable bypass of the end of Water (I've given it a couple of listens out of respect for the artist - trust me, it's not worth it).  For me Water and Complexity are standouts (along with The Seed though it has too little rap, too much for my taste), the former being the best reminder of The Roots older stuff.  Something in the The way of Things is definately the best poem reading to close out a roots lp (again - my opinion).  The bonus tracks really aren't too bad either though, I've still barely listened to Something to See.  If you love the past more than music, good for you... at least you've got something but this is definately a gem amongst recent albums of any genre.     