 I saw the movie in theatres three times and after each viewing found myself more flabergasted than before.  The bizarre group of people who think that this is a great film like to contend that the original three  movies had set our expectations at a level that could not be met.  Firstly,  I would say that if Lucas and Co. are the geniuses that these people think  they are, they could have met even the highest expectations.  Secondly, my  expectations and those of others who were disappointed were not terribly  high.  I expected a simple story (like the others) that would be enhanced  by the Star Wars mythology and great special effects.  To be honest, though  I love them, the first trilogy of films had flaws - they were somewhat  trite and had an oversimplified cold-waresque feel.  But they were never  embarrassing, never made me blush and bury my head into my lap in shame as  The Phantom Menace did (at the moments where they boldly announced that  Annakin was born of a virgin and tried to give a blood based explanation of  the force).  In short I expected little and got much much less. Here's  what I expected:  In a science fiction, action based film, the characters  should all have life or death objectives.  Most of the characters here are  only half motivated.  The queen and her people have a motivation but  figures like the Jedi and Annakin and that awful Jar Jar are just sort of  lead around from location to location without any real reason to be there.   Sure, I understand that the Jedi are defenders of all that's good and thus  their motivation is the Queens' but they seem lost.  The good actors that  Lucas won get chewed up by the scenery and their terrible (I repeat  TERRIBLE) lines of dialogue. Something else that the first trilogy had  was a mystery - as the characters voyaged towards personal discovery and  the discovery of the Universe and both slowly opened to the audience.  This  mood that there is something out there to be discovered is something most  people seem to forget about.  None of that is here.  And sure, I understand  that replicating that would be difficult but I know that Lucas and Co.  didn't try.  And if they were going to completely throw out the tone and  mood that made the earlier films great, well then maybe they should not  have made the coming trilogy at all.  In the end, this trilogy will only  diminish the earlier ones for future generations if they sit down to watch  them in order, because the mystery of the force and Luke's familial  identity will be gone.  In the end, taken as a body of stories, there will  be no mystery to any of it.  Why would an artist sabotage how their work  will be accepted when they are gone?  Answer:  Lucas is not an artist.   Maybe he was before but not he is a corporate entity concerned with making  the most dollars, which releasing these three films will do.     