 What I feared the most about this flick and what was in fact the main reason (along with not wanting to be trapped in a theater full of teen hoodlums) I didn't see the film in theatre despite my respect for the director is related to the soundtrack.  Being someone who hasn't listened to hip-hop consistently for four years, I didn't want to hear a bunch of songs by eminem and xzibit and 50 cent (whoever the hell that is) as the backdrop for a film.  But, to my surprise, right at the outset, we're greeted with mobb deep's shook ones and we pretty much never look back (or forward as it were) except for Lose Yourself at the credits and  a little chopped into one scene.  What you will hear is more mobb deep, biggie, tupac, naughty by nature and an abundance of wu tang as the score for the lives of the hip hop obsessed characters.  Though, this is what I would have expected had I known that the story took place in '95 as director Hansen is a master of time and place.  The free styling heard throughout is also a delight.  Without the handicap that the real eminem suffers from (namely derivative west coast production) BRabbit spills some of the more memorable battle rhymes you're likely to hear.   If you don't have some love for rap (past or present) you really should just stay away from this film because there's probably no way that it can please you.  Because outside of the music itself, everything in the film (good and bad) reflects the good and ill of hip hop.  There's a great sense of place (much like you'll find in rap) but it's very exclusionary to any virtue that is not urban.  Also, all of the hatred that the hip hop culture has for women is poured into the two female characters.  All of the scenes of male camaraderie, be it rousting about an open car hood or charging into battle with another click, rings true and reflects a certain joy and zeal.  But whenever there's a female onscreen (unless its in the person of a decidedly androgynous rappess), there lingers a foul stench of hatred and the story loses all verisimilitude.  The women - the mother and girlfriend (for lack of a better term - I'm referring to the sexy-vapid plot device in a short (frequently lifted) skirt played by brittany murphy) are self serving and manipulative and all too obsessed with either (as the mother) having a man or (in the case of the girl) using one for self gain.  It's really a shame that after all these years hip hop is still bubbling to an overflow with misogyny.  Even if they wanted to make the female characters loathsome, nothing excuse the loss-point driving action of Murphy's character felandering with one of b rabbits friends in a location where they knew he was due to show up at any second.  Just insulting to the inteligence.     