 For the week leading up to its release, the word from the advanced critics screenings seemed to unanimously agree that Attack of the Clones is a significantly more adult film than the reproachable Phantom Menace.  Personally, I see the only achievement of this film is that Lucas and Co. has graduated from infantile to pre-adolescence.  Maybe by the time the last of this unfortunate trio is made, we'll have a film that I could have mildly enjoyed when I was fourteen years old.  But at present, what we seem to have in George Lucas is a director who is completely and totally in denial of a few simple truths: 1. The movie going public is not quite as taken with the mystery of why Anakin Skywalker became Darth Vader as he is (and don't believe for a second that this is not a mystery to George because clearly he's making this [stuff] up as he goes along). 2.  That technological advances alone are no reason to revive a beloved series.  Allow me to explain:  I go over and over in my mind this one question - Why are these movies being made?  I can't help but think that Lucas, being essentially the founder of an effects studio more than anything else, had some tinge of regret that he made Star Wars so long ago when the effects capabilities were limited.  Clearly this is true... why else tinker with the original films and produce the remastered editions.  But that wasn't enough:  so, under the most misguided notion of all time (that papa could come and teach these whipper snappers a thing or two about making an effects driven movie) he came out of his ranch and started writing and "directing" this movie. 3.  Sure, Boba Fett made for a cool action figure... but I (and other star wars fans) could have lived a thousand years and never would have had an ounce of curiosity about the childhood and motivations for that character. 4.  There is a such thing as beating the audience over the head with a setup.  I'm willing to except conflict between Obi Wan and Anakin, especially provided that there's an entire film left for this conflict to hit it's peak.  Did we really need to sit through a couple of hours of whining, disobedience and scoldings for this dynamic to be present. 5.  Getting back to number 1:  Alright, so the character of Anakin Skywalker is not ready to be a Jedi... that's what we're getting at here, right?  And what are the Jedi -supposedly a terribly select order of individuals who have mastered the force (matter, mind, etc. etc.).  What would have been an interesting character (but somewhat challenging for a writer (which Lucas barely qualifies as) to do) is if Anakin were a hell of a guy, far better than most people (in maturity et al) but had some fault(s) that the vast majority of the audience share and it was that which led to his demise.  The sad thing would be if this were actually what Lucas was attempting.  As it stands we're left with a character who is not ready to make a mature 12 year old, so as an audience member over twelve, I have a hard time seeing the need for any dark side to seduce him. Lastly...  Oh, the hell with it... why am I sitting here putting so much thought into slamming this tripe when it's creator put no thought into writing and directing it.  I guess what I want is impossible to receive and that is for the people who claim they enjoy this [stuff] to come back from the edge of sanity and try to help in the effort to make Lucas seek some professional filmmaking help before he films Episode three.  But it's too late... I'm pretty sure I already know how Episode 3 will go down... because the fence sitters have said something to the extent that "Oh yeah, the movie sucked but the light saber fights were cool," we `re going to end up getting a mortal kombat style picture that is basically an overblown tournament of light saber duels.  After all, Count Dooku has to die, dido Mace Windu, the unfortunate approval for the Yoda fight scene probably means he'll pick up the saber again.  And we all know that Anakin and Obi Wan have to go at it again.  So far we're up to four and that's not including the fact that many other Jedi must perish and who knows what the Emperor will be up to.  The tragic thing is this will prove much more interesting the mess of plot holes and demeaning dialogue that episodes one and two have provided.     