 I've long been an opera fan, so you might expect me to sneer at a compilation.   Not so!  For opera fans, this is a "stroll down memory lane," offering some lovely jewels from well-loved operas.  For those new to opera, this is a wonderful introduction. Even if you don't know the language or the story, you will be utterly transported by several of these arias.   Just to whet your appetite, here are a few tidbits about some of my favorites on this CD: -	The angelic duet from Lakm is about a sacred river in India whose banks are overflowing with fragrant spring flowers. -	In the duet from Les Pecheurs de Perles (Pearl Fishers), two men who are best friends sing rapturously about falling in love at first sight with a beautiful woman; for each it was an almost mystical experience.  When they realize they are in love with the SAME woman, they are alarmed, and vow to not let anything destroy their friendship.   -	"Quando m'en vo" from La Bohme is really funny because a woman is bragging loudly about how popular she is, to make an ex-boyfriend jealous.  (It works, and she wins him back.)   -	The second aria from La Bohme--Mimi's dying words to her lover Rodolfo and her dear friends--is beautiful and touching.  However, you should also hear the glorious songs that Mimi and Rudolfo sing when they first fall in love!  (Those are not in this collection.) -	The dreamy and mysterious "Nessun Dorma" is sung by a man who eagerly anticipates being married to a beautiful princess the next day, but who may very well be put to death instead.  His fate hangs in the balance as all the residents of ancient Peking stay awake all night, trying to discover his secret. Of course, the only way to really know what opera is about is to go to a live performance, where you not only hear the glorious music but also enjoy the entertaining story, costumes, sets, and action.  Good bets at first are operas by Puccini, Bizet, Mozart, Verdi, and Rossini--hold off on Wagner for a while!  Before going, be sure to get an overview of the story, e.g. on the Metropolitan Opera's Web site: ... For what it's meant to do, I would give this CD full marks (5 stars).     