 I was hesitant at first to buy this because of its small size.  However, my fears were unfounded.  It's definitely small but the screen is bright and easy to see.  But I'm getting ahead of myself...  I've used this in the states around where I live and on a trip to CA.  I've had it for about a month now.  Overall I'm very impressed with it.  The memory card that ships with it holds plenty of map data so I haven't had to upgrade to a larger card yet.  Maybe if I drive coast to coast...  The maps are reasonably accurate.  I've found some new construction missing from the database.  After registering with Garmin you get 1 year worth of database upgrades for free so perhaps that new construction will show up yet.  Garmin has a nice update utility that downloads straight from the web and into your i3.    There are 3 ways to view the maps: track up, north up, and 3-D.  I've found uses for all 3 modes of viewing.  If you're driving around town or short distances on the highway, 3-d is the best mode to use.  It makes it easy to see where to go.  I'll use "track up" if I'm going moderate distances, under an hour of driving time.  For longer distances, like state-to-state (out here where the states are small) I use "north up".  Keeping north up is a more akin to using a road map and really lets you see where you are.    You can change the scale of the map in any view by using the wheel.  When you slow down to turn or because of traffic the view zooms in, then returns to your setting when you speed up again.  The map has two color modes, day and night.  There is an auto setting that changes the mode based on the time of day (I'd say the the i3 calculates sunset based on the unit's location).  The directions are overall pretty good.  Sometimes I'll get routed a way I know isn't optimal because of traffic patterns, but I've never been steered wrong because of this device.  The "Detour" function is handy, though using it twice will return you to your original course.  If you miss a turn the unit will automatically recalculate your route to get you on track.  This can get a little annoying, for example if you get off the highway to get food.  The device will keep telling you new directions to get back on course.  I suggest turning off the device if you make an unscheduled stop, then turning it back on when you're ready to continue.  The i3 remembers where you were going and while you'll be asked "where to?" when it starts, just hitting the "back" key will return to your previous navigation.  Data entry is easy.  I thought it would be a chore without the touch screen but the wheel/button and back key make using the menus a snap.  The wheel can be tricky to use while driving, but since you're not supposed to do that it's really not a valid complaint.  The database of attractions, restaurants, ATMs, and the like is comprehensive and handy to have.  In CA I used it on more than one occasion to find a nearby restaurant, store, or post office.  As other reviewers have noted it won't tell you what's ahead.  I've found the results screen will update as you drive so just look for which restaurants, e.g., are getting closer.  Every 30 seconds or so the list will re-sort so the closest destination is near the top.  You can enter waypoints, or "via points" as the unit calls them.  There doesn't seem to be an easy way to manipulate your route once they're added, such as removing a point, so I don't use them much.  If you have a particular route you want to take I've found it handy to insert a via point of some restaurant along that route to get the i3 to go that way.  For example, sometimes I want to bypass DC traffic.  I have a saved "favorite" destination that's along my alternate route.  I insert that as a via point and I'm all set.  If you have favorite "points of interest" that you'd like to use, Garmin made available a free utility to load those points into the database.  The format is standard CSV.  Search a9.com (for the Amazon discount!) for "free poi files" or something similar and you'll find a few available.  The voice is clear and easy to understand.  It would be nice to have a volume control on the side of the unit though.  The only way to reduce the volume is through the settings menu.  This is probably my biggest gripe about the device.  Battery life is adequate, certainly not impressive.  As the batteries die the voice shuts off and the screen dims.  You definitely want to run this off the plug when possible.  I place my unit right next to the rear view mirror.  I don't have to look far from the windshield when I glance at it, and it's close enough so I can see the screen clearly.  I've only had two temporary problems with the i3.  Once the unit claimed there was no map data loaded.  Turning it off and on fixed that.  Another time it just turned off, even though it was plugged in to a powered outlet.  I turned it back on and it worked fine.  I haven't seen a repeat of either glitch so perhaps they're one-time occurrences.  I recommend this unit.  It's not only affordable, as GPS units go, but has quite a few nice features as well.  Why spend $1000 to get one in a new car when you can spend 1/3 that and have one for all your cars?     