 February 29, 2004:  We've had a couple of baby monitors over the years and this one is far and away the best.  We have a 2 story house with full basement and I'm writing this in our basement listening to the baby's room on the second floor.  What's good about this monitor:  - Reception is clear, range is long.  I haven't found a place yet to make the range alarm go off. - The voice activated mode is so nice - I've spent the last years of my life listening to the background hiss of the previous monitors.  Now it's silent until the baby makes a noise.  We keep a sound machine in the baby's room (one that sounds like rain, a stream, etc) and even that is filtered out. - Rechargable batteries mean no lugging the power adapter from room to room or fishing around for a 9v battery to replace the one that just died.  Others have complained about the non-standard batteries being used.  I don't know what the problem is - the battery pack is the same as is found in Sony cordless phones and can be found at any store.  If you use the monitor as the manual states the battery pack should go a couple of years at least without requiring replacement (based on my experience with Sony cordless phones). - Easy to change channels.  When I saw this had 27 channels I had visions of an tiny dial that was difficult to change.  To select a channel you use 3 switches with 3 positions each (red, yellow, or green).  The selected channel is visible from the front as 3 color bars so if you can't see the tiny print by each switch you can easily see the colors on the front. - It's sturdy.  At least, it feels sturdy.  It appears to be well put together...it doesn't feel cheap.  We have a 2.4GHz cordless phone so this monitor doesn't interfere with the phone.  While this monitor is priced on the high side it's definitely worth it.  We've been using baby monitors for over 6 years now and will use this one a few more years at least.  If you consider how long you'll be using a baby monitor then why go cheap?  Get something that will perform well.  And not all 900MHz monitors are created equal - we tried one from Safety 1st that didn't work well, even when I had the monitor and transmitter in the same room!  That's what I get for buying in the store without researching the models first.  Update:  We have a 900 MHz cordless phone and an 802.11g router.  We've never experienced any interference between any of the devices.  My only complaint is not really a complaint - the thing is so quiet in voice-activated mode that we often inadvertently leave it on all night downstairs, discharging the battery.  My wife and I are both still very happy with this monitor and think it's the best we've seen.  Update: August 2005.  We're still using the monitor.  It still works great.  I wish the range was a little better when the receiver is outside (transmitter inside) but it's workable.  I still recommend this product.     