 I bought this razor in September 2005.  Prior to that I used various Norelco triple head razors over the years.  When my last Norelco died I thought I'd try something else, lured by the prospect of easy cleaning and a $50 promotion.  Here's what I've learned about this razor after 8+ months of using this 5-6 times a week:  - I've never had an electric razor cut me before, but every once in a while I somehow nick myself, usually my adam's apple.    - The shaving experience with the razor is a bit harsh and sometimes leaves my face tender.  Just today I had to skip shaving because a small area of my face was irritated from shaving yesterday and had broken out.  - It takes longer to shave with this razor.  Often I have to rotate the razor in my hand to pick up a stray whisker.  I never had to do that with the Norelco, perhaps because the rotating blades approach the whiskers from different angles.  - The razor shaves reasonably close.  It's not closer than the Norelco and on some areas of my face (underneath my jawbone) it only does a so-so job.  - The cleaning feature is great.  It's nice to have a clean-smelling razor every few days.  I've found one solution cartridge lasts 3 months (I replaced it in December and in March).  I only clean the razor when the "normal" light is on, not "eco".  I opened the razor after a cleaning cycle and the inside was spotless.  - The LEDs on the cleaning/recharching station and razor are very bright!  My cleaning/recharging station sits on the vanity in our bedroom, not in the bathroom itself.  It's like having a little night light in the corner of the room.  Once you find a spot don't move it.  The solution spills easily.  - Yes, as others have said, the razor is loud.  - The travel case is nice, but it only holds the razor and a cleaning brush.  As I said earlier, I've used electric razors for years, mostly Norelco but this Braun for the last 8 months.  If I had to do it again I wouldn't buy this razor; I would stick with a Norelco.  In fact, I came to Amazon today to price Norelcos.  Even though my Braun is fairly new I'm tired of my face getting abused.  The razor gets two stars, plus a star for the cleaning unit.      