 I bought this to tackle a wireless trouble spot in our house.  Originally I installed a D-Link PCI card in the computer but would often lose connection.  I installed a better antenna, still no luck.  I sold that NIC and tried the Powerline method, connecting my network to the home wiring.  That worked well initially, but every day or two the connection would die and the only way to bring it back up was to wait...sometimes for hours.  All these problems happened to my wife's computer, so by this time she's a bit frustrated and I'm getting annoyed at her constant complaints.  We have the 802.11b version of this adapter hooked to a TiVo box and it's worked great, so I thought I'd try the 'g' version for my bride's machine.  I definitely wasn't going with D-Link - I had a lot of trouble with D-Link adapters on multiple machines and I didn't want to go through that again.  In addition to this adapter I also ordered the 16' USB cable from Belkin, a bargain at around $10.  I figured the length of the cable would allow me to find some place to position the adapter to get a signal.  I'm happy to report I made the right decision.  I installed the software first, as instructed, then connected and configured the adapter.  This was all easy to do - the Linksys software is user-friendly.  We use encryption on our network so once I plugged in the key and found a spot for the adapter (the 16' cable was a smart buy) my wife hasn't had a single problem.  Actually, she had one problem.  She was starting her mail client too quickly after booting and before the computer had connected to the network and received an IP address.  She now waits about 15 seconds after Windows loads to check her mail or open a browser and she hasn't had a single complaint since!  I definitely recommend this product, and the 'b' version if you have a TiVo.  I'm sticking with Linksys from here on out (I also have their NSUL2 Storage Link which is great for adding storage to your network to be shared by all users).     