 How can one get truth from someone who diliberately lies by manipulating Scripture and the writings of others? This is what I discovered the author of this book has done when I investigated his writings.   "'Catholics are taught that the cleansing fires of purgatory exist for the punishment of their sins "so as to achieve the holiness necessary to enter the joy of heaven." 3'"   His footnote cited the Catechism of the Catholic Church (The Wanderer Press, 1994, 268), as his source. Now, compare this to what is actually written in the Catechism of the Catholic Church (please note the following paragraph, as well):   "1030 All who die in God's grace and friendship, but still imperfectly purified, are indeed assured of their eternal salvation; but after death they undergo purification, so as to achieve the holiness necessary to enter the joy of heaven."   "1031 The Church gives the name Purgatory to this final purification of the elect, which is entirely different from the punishment of the damned.606  The Church formulated her doctrine of faith on Purgatory especially at the Councils of Florence and Trent. The tradition of the Church, by reference to certain texts of Scripture, speaks of a cleansing fire:607"  Did all the honest folk here catch that whopper of a chop-job lie? Instead of honestly reiterating what the catechism states, McMahon chopped off the sentence and deceptively added THIS to the beginning -- "Catholics are taught that the cleansing fires of purgatory exist for the punishment of their sins" -- which is a blatant LIE that opposes Catholic doctrine.   Why did MaMahon stoop to such unchristian tactics? And the bigger question is WHY were the lies even necessary??? Can he not defend his own faith without lying about others?   I don't know whether the purpose of this book was an opportunity for the author to make a dollar off an honest Christians brilliant work, or just another excuse to bear more false witness and bigotry. However, if you'd like to read truth, then I recommend this excellent book on the subject, "Inside the Passion: An Insider's Look at the Passion of the Christ", by John Bartunek. And if you'd like to read more about the Catholic Church, then this is a wonderful story about how an honest seeker found truth in the Church that Jesus Christ established: "Born Fundamentalist, Born Again Catholic" by David B. Currie.   Read these books and be blessed. And always remember, you CAN'T get truth from a dishonest source.    "And I say also unto thee, That thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." Matthew 16:18     