 Thank god!  After one of the worst summers for movies in years, we needed a thoughtful, subtle, quietly intelligent film to balance out the horrors of the previous months.  I have long been an admirer of Jim Jarmusch, having seen STRANGER THAN PARADISE the first weekend it was shown in Chicago and all of his subsequent films.  This is, in my opinion, one of his very finest films.  It is also another surprisingly fine performance by Bill Murray, who in his mid-fifties has put together a string of unexpectedly excellent performances.  For those who still think of his more from his over-the-top, gonzo roles of the early eighties, these roles could almost stand as the the complete antithesis of what he used to do.  Indeed, it would be hard to find many performers who could contrast the goofiness of Murray's role in CADDYSHACK with this role in BROKEN FLOWERS.  If in the former he crazily managed to generate all kinds of rage at gophers, here he manages to suppress any kind of rage at all.  In fact, Murray's Don Johnston in this film is like someone from whom all hints of human emotion have been sucked clean.  Structurally, this movie reminded me somewhat of Bergman's WILD STRAWBERRIES, in which an older man (in the Bergman a quite old man) takes a trip during which he is forced to confront the life he has been denied by the life choices he has (or has not) made.  After Johnston's girlfriend (played by Julie Delphy) leaves him, he receives a pink-enveloped note in the mail in which someone anonymously informs him that twenty years earlier when they had an affair, she has become pregnant and had a child of whom he was unaware, a child who was now a 19-year-old boy who could possibly be coming in search of him.  Prodded by his next door neighbor Winston (marvelously played by Jeffrey Wright), Johnston compiles a list of potential mothers of a child from that time, and goes off in search of clues as to who the authoress of the note might be.  Johnston's journey involves visiting five former girlfriends, four living and one deceased.  One is the widow (played nicely by Sharon Stone) of a NASCAR driver who is also the mother of an absurdly sensual teenaged girl improbably named Lolita (who wears ear rings that mimic the famous sunglasses worn by Sue Lyon in Stanley Kubrick's LOLITA).  Another (played by SIX FEET UNDER's Frances Conroy) is a real estate agent married to a mildly irritating fellow agent.  A third ex (played by Jessica Lange) is an animal communicator, author of several quite odd books, and, it is hinted, a lesbian.  His most unpleasant encounter is with a former girlfriend who has become a backwoods societal drop out (played by the very nearly unrecognizable Tilda Swinton, who wears a long black wig to hide her red hair).  None of these apparently the mother of his possible son, though several are vague possibilities.  Though Murray starts off the film as someone incapable of human emotion, as if he just can't be bothered to care, by the end some subtle new emotions begin to assert themselves, such as regret, sadness, remorse.  None of the people he meets have spectacularly enviable lives, but one senses that Johnston has understood his own complete lack of a personal history, his lack of a network of significant human relations.  The film ends with his meeting a young man he mistakenly believes might be the son searching for him.  Though a profoundly cold person, we see by the end that he is someone who yearns for more, and is forced to confront the lack of anything at all significant.  This is truly one of the loveliest movies I have seen in quite a while, and it forms a nice trilogy with Murray's two previous significant roles in LOST IN TRANSLATION and THE LIFE AQUATIC.     