 Contrary to the first reviewer, this is an extremely fair-minded account of doomsday groups and movements (I wonder what he or she would consider fair-minded or impartial).  The inescapable fact is that all of the groups  and movements covered in this book base their beliefs on a weird,  indefensible blend of speculation and misreading of the past.  The onus is  on these groups to prove that they deserve to be taken seriously and not  merely clumped together with the others.   Over the past few years I have  found myself increasingly interested in what might be called (borrowing a  phrase from Isaiah Berlin) "the counter enlightenment," which in  my opinion embraces a wide variety of attempts to escape the demands placed  by rationality and human reason on claims to knowledge.  This does not mean  that only what is completely rational is meaningful (at the end of the  TRACTATUS and in his NOTEBOOKS 1914-1916 Wittgenstein insisted that the  more important components of life cannot be encapsulated by that which is  rationally demonstrable).  But it does point to the fact that an enormous  number of people since the 18th century have attempted to escape the demand  that our beliefs be grounded upon something solid and demonstrable.  New  Age religion, esoteric religions, Christian fundamentalism (especially in  its more apocalyptic forms), modern astrology (ancient and renaissance  astrology in the West, while not in my opinion valid, was based entirely on  Greek scientific theories--when those were proven wrong in the early 17th  century, astrology collapsed as a belief system, only to be resurrected in  its current irrational form in the 19th century), theosophy, psychics, the  Christian Identity movement, and all of the myriad of groups discussed by  Abanes in this book are by their very nature unassociated with anything  that could be described as rational or supported by demonstrable proof of  any sort whatsoever (the fact that virtually none of these groups  predictions ever come to pass and yet many people continue to adhere to  them indicates that proof and disproof are not very important elements in  their make up). I found this book to be fascinating and depressing at the  same time.  Many of the instances of apocalyptic nuttiness detailed in this  book I had heard of before, from Edgar Cayce to the Christian Identity  movement to the Heaven's Gate outfit.  Too many others I had not, like the  Great White Brotherhood in Russia.  It is important that we keep abreast of  the outer fringe of society.  It is depressing to realize that it is so  large and varied. One more word about the previous review.  There are no  impartial positions on the groups mentioned in this book (the complete lack  of specific instances leads me to suspect that he or she did not read the  book at all, but merely reacted to what they thought the book was about).   You are either a member of the suicidally inclined Great White Brotherhood  or you consider it a form of insantiy.  You are either a member of one of  the Christian Identity factions, or you consider it a silly, irrational,  and sad form of organized racism.  But don't take my word for it.  Read the  book.     