 OK, I have to confess that I saw the movie first, and then read the book.  So, my reaction is very, very much effected by the flick.  But since a fair number of people are going to be in the same position that I was, I thought lovers of the movie who want to know if they should pick up the novel might profit from someone else who had been in the same position. First, I utterly adored the movie, and was genuinely stunned at Renee Zellweger's performance.  I have always been a fan of hers, but she is so thoroughly American that it was very, very hard to imagine her playing a Brit.  I will confess that for the first 15 minutes of the movie that her accent really bothered me.  No, she didn't botch it.  She sounded quite acceptably English.  It was simply that all these scenes from JERRY MAGUIRE and DAZED AND CONFUSED and ME, MYSELF, AND IRENE and NURSE BETTY kept playing in my mind, and in all those she spoke very, very differently.  But once I adjusted, I loved her, her performance, and the movie as a whole.  So much so that I wanted to read the book. Coming to the book after the movie is a mild disappointment.  The primary reason is that Renee Zellweger was so utterly delightful, that the novel suffers somewhat by comparison.  Nonetheless, the book itself has sufficient wit, personality, and diversity to delight someone who has seen the movie first.  There are the usual variances between the events in the novel and those in the book, but a surprisingly large number of events were common to both. I found one thing utterly amazing in the novel:  both of the male leads of the movie are mentioned explicitly in the book.  At one point in the book Bridget decides to watch the BBC production of PRIDE AND PREJUDICE.  She starts comparing her Mark Darcy with the Mr. Darcy of the TV series.  The part of Mr. Darcy in the BBC series was played by Colin Firth, who also played Mark Darcy in the movie.  Furthermore, on her job she suggests that her TV show do a segment on the real life romance between the actors who played Darcy and Elizabeth:  Colin Firth and Elizabeth.   The other actor mentioned was Hugh Grant, and his mention was not at all flattering.  In fact, I am somewhat surprised that Hugh Grant agreed to be in the movie given his appearance in the novel.  The novel has a couple of characters debating why Elizabeth Hurley stays with Hugh Grant after his high publicized encounter with a prostitute.  Now, it surprises me that Grant took the role because he surely knew that the flick would increase the number of readers of the book.  On the other hand, perhaps he (probably correctly) assumes that everyone already knows about that incident.  And I have to admit that I do admire the fact that his willingness to be so public after an admittedly embarrassing incident like that does increase my admiration of him.  Not that the incident took place, but that he is determined to get on with his life despite a mistake in judgment. So, I do think that someone who has seen the movie first, will definitely enjoy this book.  And I will add to what has been said by other reviewers:  this book is a very, very fast read.  But also a very, very fun read.     