 All decades are not created equal.  In the twentieth century in America, a few stand out, perhaps none more so than the Twenties and the Sixties.  Nathan Miller in this book argues, to my mind somewhat unconvincingly, that the Twenties was key in creating the modern world.  In fact, he doesn't make his case.  He makes a few comparisons between trends or events of that decade and today, but there is no sustained argument, certainly no clearly stated thesis, and in the end no major pay off.  So, in a sense the goal implied in the subtitle of the book falls completely short of its promise.  If one compares what Miller attempts to do with the Twenties with what David Halbertstam did with the Fifties, the effort does not come off very well.  Halbertstam made his case in a way that Miller does not.  Is the book therefore without value?  By no means.  This is, in fact, the finest existing survey of what happened in the Twenties, definitely surpassing Allen's famous ONLY YESTERDAY, which while reflective of the mood of the time lacked perspective as well as many facts.    By any standards, the Twenties stands out in American history.  There were fewer major historical events than in other decades, but culturally few decades have witnessed the same degree of change.  Only the Sixties can bear comparison in the past century.  Miller points out that most people in the decade were far more conservative than the image of the period would suggest.  But it was a period that was heaving with all kinds of social change and resistance to change.  Social roles were being challenged to a degree never before seen, but there were also some remarkable right wing, reactionary forces.  It was the great decade of popularity for the Ku Klux Klan, albeit one that was far more moderate than the Klan both of the past and the future (one of my family's legends is that my grandfather was briefly a member of the Klan during the Twenties, as were huge numbers of people before it became more radical in the thirties).    Miller is at his best when discussing the individuals who dominated the age.  He is weaker when discussing the age's dominant ideas and trends.  The history therefore feels at times more like a serial biography.  Individuals like Fitzgerald, Harding, Coolidge, Lindbergh, Mencken, Hoover, Wilson, and Sanger play the major roles in the story.  For the most part, one gets the sense that he has struck the right balance between the decades major figures.  There were, however, two gargantuan absences:  Will Rogers and Dashiell Hammett.  The latter should not have been given a large treatment, but it was in the Twenties that Hammett created the detective stories that more or less gave birth to the hardboiled world that inspired film noir and a huge amount of modern cynical culture.  If one is trying to write about where the modern world begins, in the world of literature Hammett is one of the key places.  But the lack of space dedicated to Will Rogers is inexplicable and is the greatest weakness in the book.  Miller quotes Rogers a couple of times, but he was the most popular individual of the decade, as widely read as Mencken, a popular movie stage, a dominant stage performer, and perhaps the most trusted man in America.  In fact, if Lindbergh was the most revered American of the decade, Rogers was the most loved.  You simply can't understand the Twenties if you don't understand the massive popularity of Will Rogers.  One would have anticipated the kind of space for Rogers that Miller allots Mencken or Fitzgerald.  I have no explanation for his omission.  This is not mere nitpicking:  it is the kind of mistake that can cause one to lose confidence in a writer.  Nonetheless, this one gaff aside, Miller does a fine job of honing in on correct individuals.  I very much appreciated his treatment of Herbert Hoover.  In the past few years we've heard a lot about moral character and the presidency.  The truth is, there is virtually no connection between one's moral character and how good one performs as president.  Franklin Roosevelt is almost universally regarded as one of our three great presidents, but he also possessed some definite moral flaws.  John F. Kennedy was far from perfect, but showed definite potential to be a fine president had he lived.  On the other hand, Jimmy Carter was not a strong president despite being one of the finest individuals to hold the office.  Ditto Rutherford B. Hayes.  And so also Herbert Hoover.  Throughout his life Hoover was primarily a progressive focused on the public good, and has a public record second to almost no American president.  Yet his blind and stubborn insistence on allowing the workings of the free market (contrary to popular bias, never a good thing to do) to take care of the Depression stands as one of the worst decisions made by any American political figure.  Miller does a fine job of showing how otherwise capable and goodhearted Hoover was, and it is a testimony to Hoover that after his poorly regarded term in office he went on to be one of our great ex-presidents.  Ironically, most of our great ex-presidents--Carter, Hoover, Hayes, Taft, and John Quincy Adams--were rather mediocre presidents.    With the misgivings noted above, I enthusiastically recommend this book.  The Twenties was one of the truly fascinating periods in American history and no one who wants to understand America can fail to be acquainted with it or its key figures.     