 The first season of STARGATE SG-1 was by no standard an especially great one, though by the end of the season there were hints that the show had the potential to become more than what we saw in the first season.  This was certainly not the first subsequently successful television series to be somewhat slow out of the gate.  The first season of FARSCAPE certainly gave little indication of how brilliant the show would become in Seasons Two and Three.  Some shows just have to get warmed up.  Since the long narrative arc has come to dominate genre television since its establishment and development by TWIN PEAKS, THE X-FILES, and BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER, most shows seem to have taken either of two paths.  Some, such as ROSWELL and LOST, have been able to work off a long story arc from the outset; others, such as FARSCAPE, SMALLVILLE, and STARGATE SG-1, get trapped in a stand alone pattern, only gradually breaking out to embrace a longer narrative arc.  Especially after THE X-FILES mythology episodes and BUFFY, one wonders why any show would embrace the stand-alone episode format.  The answer probably lies with the network and not the creators of the series.  There is no question that shows with longer narrative arcs, while vastly more rewarding to fans, make things more difficult for new viewers.  Network execs like to push shows to stand alone episodes to attract new viewers, thus making the shows more attractive to advertisers.  Part of the agreement with the renewal of ANGEL in its fifth season, for instance, was an agreement to feature more stand alone episodes (but being a Joss Whedon show, they snuck in a story arc anyway).  Season One of STARGATE SG-1 suffers by its more or less adherence to the stand-alone episode format.  By the end of the season, however, this was beginning to break down, and the season ended with a lovely multi-part sequence that referenced several episodes from earlier in the season.  Before the show was a series, it was, of course, a movie, and a not terribly good movie at that.  The film spent most of its time in set up, leaving little time for plot development or action.  In a way, Season One emulates this.  Much of the first season is spent developing its own world, populating it with characters, establishing the pretext for subsequent seasons.  Luckily, a great number of seasons followed, so unlike most shows, where the first season would have set things up for two or three or four seasons, this one created the background for nine or more.  The result has been the longest continuously running Sci-fi series in TV history (DR. WHO having periodically taken shorter or longer breaks).  One other problem the show has is a typical first season difficulty that one could argue has never been successfully transcended.  Compared to most other genre shows, STARGATE SG-1 has a remarkably small core cast.  It supplements this by a host of recurring minor characters, but essentially for most of its run the cast has consisted of the characters Jack O'Neill, Daniel Jackson, Samantha Carter, Teal'c, and General Hammond.  A host of minor supporting characters has expanded this to a degree.  For instance, stunt coordinator Dan Shea (and Richard Dean Anderson's stunt double) has frequently appeared as Sgt. Siler and Gary Jones as Sgt. Harriman is part of the show's furniture, while the lovely Teryl Rothery has been a mainstay on the show as Star Gate Command's medical officer.  But these characters always remain supporting characters.  They rarely if ever receive any focus and never get to be the show's heroes.  If STARGATE SG-1 has had a problem, it is in the lack of a rich ensemble cast.  My personal opinion is that the show might have been stronger if instead of the core five it had had a revolving group of seven or eight central characters.  But since we can't go back and reshoot the series, there is no way to know if I am right or wrong.  The writing for the first season was not as good as it would get later.  There were few out and out bad episodes, but few truly outstanding ones, and even fewer that would stand comparison with the best episodes from other series such as FARSCAPE.  One of the best was "Tin Man," in which the members of SG-1 awake in a laboratory on another world.  They discover that they have somehow had their minds and personalities somehow transferred to robotic bodies driven by a power source that they are unable to leave for any length of time.  Distraught over their condition, they pressure the person who did this to them to transfer them back to their physical bodies, only to discover that their bodies are intact and that they are in fact artificial copies.  They realize that they are clones that were made to aide in the maintenance of the base where their power supply exists and that the originals were going to be allowed to return to earth.  It is a plot worthy of Philip K. Dick and a very poignant episode.    So, while this was by no means a bad first season, its main value lies in laying the foundation for better things to come.       