 Who and what was Jesus?  What did he teach?  What were his intentions?  There are nearly as many answers to these questions as there are people answering them and the reviews here reflect that diversity.  I have been a passionate reader of the New Testament since high school and have reflected on the life of Jesus and debated its meaning both with myself and my friends since junior high.  Raised Southern Baptist, I was taught to read the New Testament for myself and not merely at the direction of others and even my time in divinity school (the nondenominational Yale Divinity School) made me trust others more than myself.  I was delighted in reading this book to find very much the Jesus that I also encountered in reading the New Testament.  Like Wills, I have been horrified at the domestication and puritanizing of Jesus by organized religion.  I was delighted in reading this book to find ably described the Jesus of faith that I also had found.    Of course, that a Baptist and a Catholic can find the same Jesus can possibly only occur of the Catholic isn't a very compliant one, and many of the reviews here express the dismay some readers have felt in reading so many views in opposition to the Roman Catholic tradition.  I have no problem with this because it has always been obvious to me that Jesus detested religious ritual and ceremony, established no priesthood or hierarchical clergy, and certainly never established anything like the papacy.  I was fascinated, however, to find Wills holding positions similar to my own on a host of issues.  He apparently has as low an opinion of the papacy I do (I hail from Little Rock, Arkansas, home of one of the two cardinals opposed to the dogma of papal infallibility in the late 19th century).  I have not read Wills's book on why he is a Catholic.  I am curious to do so.  I would very much like to know why he remains a Catholic when his views concerning Christ and his teachings seem so thoroughly in line with Protestantism.  The Jesus that Wills sees is not a very proper Jesus.  He would probably be expelled from Bob Jones University because he spent all his time with unsavory individuals.  As Wills indicates, today he would probably avoid protestant ministers, Catholic bishops, and especially televangelists like Pat Robertson.  Instead, if he were to appear suddenly in America he would probably be found surrounded by the destitute and poor, gays and drug users, people on welfare, immigrants, the mentally ill, the homeless, and Muslims.  These were his people.  He constantly expressed his dislike of the wealthy, the self-righteous, the morally judgmental, the deeply religious, and those who divided society into desirable and undesirable elements.  I think Wills reading of Jesus' wonderful inclusiveness is wonderfully true to the New Testament.  Jesus was obsessed with those who had suffered the most at the hands of proper society and I think it is this aspect of his life that makes so many people read THE GRAPES OF WRATH's Tom Joad as a Jesus figure.  Wills sees in the Jesus of faith as found in the New Testament a profoundly compassionate, caring, loving individual.  All of his condemnations were directed at the rich and those who used religion to marginalize wrongdoers.    I also completely agree with Wills in his refusal to minimize the explicitly religious aspects of the Jesus of faith.  C. S. Lewis in MERE CHRISTIANITY argues that those people who want to reduce Jesus from Son of God to a mere moral teacher are simply wrong.  Jesus, Lewis argues, is either God Incarnate or a madman.  There is no third possibility.  Wills would completely agree with this, and echoes Paul when he wrote that if Jesus be not risen from the dead then Christians are of all individuals the most to be pitied.  I completely agree with his detestation of the Jesus Seminar, which is some of the most egregious academic silliness I have ever encountered.  The project of the Jesus Seminar tells no one anything whatsoever about Jesus, but a great deal about the people who are trying to construct a tame, boring, uninteresting, dull Jesus.  [I strongly recommend two books by NT scholar Luke Timothy Johnson, like Wills a Catholic, on Jesus, THE LIVING JESUS, which presents a portrait complementary to Wills's, and THE REAL JESUS, which is a exceedingly well-reasoned attack on the pretensions of the Jesus Seminary.)  Wills simply has no patience with any accretions to the Gospel depiction of Jesus, whether they stem from organized religion or academic game playing.  One of the central points in Wills's book is that Jesus was a completely nonpolitical individual who was not in the least intent on setting up a religious kingdom on earth.  In other words, Jesus was not a theocrat, an important thing to keep in mind in an age where people influenced by Christian Reconstructionism like Pat Robertson ahistorically insist that America is or ought to be a Christian nation.  Wills would argue to the degree that a nation is "Christian," it is to that degree opposed to the teachings of Jesus.  Wills argues equally that neither did Jesus have a leftwing political agenda.  Wills is, of course, a well-known political leftist.  I largely agree with Wills here, but I would argue that Jesus' teachings, while they don't point towards establishing a religious order, do make the holding of certain political positions un-Christian.  While I don't think Jesus would embrace a Democratic political agenda, I can't imagine he would be sparing of today's right-wing agenda, which is not only judgmental in a way that he constantly condemned, but favors policies favoring the wealthy and seems to endorse economic greed as an acceptable social and moral value.  In other words, I think that the teachings of Jesus exclude most of the values and moral attitudes that under gird today's political and religious right.  But there is no question that Wills is correct in holding that Jesus had no explicit political agenda.  His goal was to redeem people, not to establish a political realm or a political party.  One of the finest things about this book is Wills's own translations of passages fromthe New Testament.  As he points out in the preface, the koine Greek in which the NT was composed is quite rough-hewed.  Translations have a tendency to prettify the Greek original.  I don't suppose he has the time to produce a complete translation of the New Testament, but I regret that he doesn't.    I'll confess that Garry Wills is one of my favorite writers.  Although I completely lack his academic prowess, I have always felt he was a kindred spirit.  I have long striven in vain to write books of my own (I'm working on two at the moment that will probably go unfinished like the last four or five) and a friend who knows that I've struggled unsuccessfully with finishing what I start asked me who I would most like to emulate in the kinds of books I wrote.  I replied Garry Wills, for the following reasons.  First, while he has a solid grounding in early American constitutional history, he is beyond that a generalist, moving on from Jefferson and the Federalist Papers to write on Lincoln, Reagan, Venice, and John Wayne.  While I have studied philosophical ethics and the work of Kierkegaard in depth, I also am a generalist.  Like Wills, I lean far to the left politically.  Also like Wills, though academically inclined and a political leftist, I am a Christian and hold very orthodox beliefs on most doctrines.  It isn't necessary that there be anyone else in the world with positions close to your own, but it is nice when there are.  And because this book is on a subject so very important to me, I am especially grateful to him for writing this wonderful exposition of the teachings of Jesus.     