 More than any group of the past thirty years, The Shoes were the most passionate practitioners of rock and roll pop songs about love in the tradition of the early Beatles and the Raspberries.  There albums without exceptions are about love between guys and gals.  Each song focuses on an upcoming date, the hopes of requited love, the heartache of a relationship that has ended, the regret of things gone wrong.  Virtually none deal with love in full bloom; the songs always deal with the hope of love that may be or the lost of love that was.  In other words, the wongs deal with the most enduring of all human themes, our need for love.  Musically, these songs stand out for three things:  great vocal harmonies (two of the members, Jeff and John Murphy, are brothers, and siblings always seem to blend especially well, and Gary Klebe sounded like their long lost brother), tremendous hooks, and guitars.  Interestingly, though they chose in the late seventies, eighties, and nineties to write particularly untrendy tunes on unfashionable subjects, the Shoes were always popular with the critics.  This is only just, for these are absolutely great pop songs.  Shoes's fans tend to fall into two camps:  many regard their early BLACK VINYL SHOES as their best album, while others (of which I am a member) prefer their two masterpieces TONGUE TWISTER and PRESENT TENSE.  The latter two were combined into a single CD, a twofer that for me stands comparison with Gram Parsons's G.P./GRIEVOUS ANGEL or Big Star's #1 RECORD/RADIO CITY.  It remains the single best Shoes CD to find, though it is currently Out of Print.  Wish List it here on Amazon and get the first copy that you see available.  Though BOOMERANG and SILHOUETTE were also fine albums (though I will admit to liking STOLEN WISHES more than most reviewers, with the heartbreaking "Torn in Two," one of my favorite cuts by the band, which I wish had made it onto this album), most of the great songs on this anthology come from PRESENT TENSE or TONGUE TWISTER.  "Tomorrow Night," "Turnaround," "Karen,"  "She Satisfies," and my favorite "Too Late" all come from one of those.  Although this album hardly exhausts all of their best work, it serves as a superb introduction to anyone wanting to sample their work.  Anyone who loves great power pop will love this album.  If you adore the early Beatles or Big Star or the Raspberries, this is an album you absolutely must own.     