 Let's face it:  there is an irreducible silly element to many kung fu movies.  What Stephen Chow has managed to do in both SHAOLIN SOCCER and KUNG FU HUSTLE is take the silliness and raise it to the nth degree, creating some of the most marvelous parodies that I have ever seen.  What is amazing is that while he expertly picks out the more absurd elements of those films, his own films, though comedies are in fact far less silly than those films that intend to be far more serious.  A fruitful comparison is some American comedic parodies, such as JANE AUSTEN'S MAFIA, which never rises above silliness.  The comedy here in KUNG FU HUSTLE is broad, but it is never simply dumb.  The story concerns the conflict between the Axe Gang in Shanghai and the residents of Pig Sty Alley.  The time is supposedly the forties before the Revolution, but it seems oddly ahistorical, a Shanghai that never really existed.  World War II seems never to have occurred or left a mark on the place and there is no hint of the Communist uprising that had been taking place since the thirties.  Still, the film has a believable period feel despite this.  A petty thief named Sing (played by the film's writer and director Stephen Chow) pretends to be a member of the Axe Gang and attempts to bully some residents of the slum.  This inadvertently pulls in the real Axe Gang, which descends on the community only to be turned back by three of the residents who turn out to be kung fun masters incognito.  The rest of the film consists of escalations in kung fun mastery as the Axe Gang brings in their own kung fu masters, until the end when one individual proves to be the greatest kung fun master of all.  This would all be insufferably dull except that every twist and turn is handled expertly by Chow.  It should be noted that the two most elaborate fight scenes were directed by the great Sammo Hung, the legendary Hong Kong star and director perhaps best known in the United States for his highly underrated television series MARTIAL LAW.    I think this film will appeal both to fans of Hong Kong cinema and to fans of the more surreal shaolin films.  Whether it will appeal to a wider audience I am unable to say, but I would urge those with even slightly open minds to give this a try.  If you enjoyed CROUCHING TIGER, HIDDEN DRAGON or HERO, you would probably enjoy this highly accomplished parody.       