 I don't want to denigrate all the other great female performers of the rock age, but no one surpassed Joni Mitchell as a songwriter, and most of her competitors for the crown were in turn profoundly influenced by Mitchell.  To this day no female songwriter comes close to her output or the quality of her songs.  HEIJIRA was the last of a string of absolutely stunning studio albums that provided a roadmap for all the women who came after her wanting a female rather than male model.  Her lyrics are so strong that perhaps only Bob Dylan clearly surpassed her, and never were her lyrics stronger on this album.  Indeed, while most of her previous albums were filled with clearly structured songs, here we have loosely constructed songs that serve more as a platform for serving her poems up to the public.  As other reviews here show, these songs are filled with marvelous, wonderfully crafted lyrics.  I personally believe that as songs they are somewhat below those found on BLUE and COURT AND SPARK, but lyrically this album is easily the strongest in her career.  The songs are throughout profoundly introspective and self-searching.  Unlike her previous albums, the songs here all focus on particular individuals, almost as if she were an analyst attempting to understand people through her music.  Many deal with the strain between commitment to the relationships she finds impossible to live without and the independence that she feels to be essential.  She poses no answers to such dilemmas and she certainly senses that in the end the inability to live on her own or with another is self-destructive.  She wants to be her own woman but finds that "all I want to do right now is find another lover."  She applauds independence, but fears it is "Like Icarus ascending on beautiful, foolish arms," knowing that coming too close to the sun will send her crashing back to earth.  She also doesn't like her taste in men.  "Strange Boy" is one of the most believable portraits of a bad relationship I know; you feel almost like you know the poor guy, and one of the reasons she hasn't found the relationship she both yearns for and wants to avoid:  she is a fool where love is concerned.  I don't a single song on the album anything less than fascinating.  My favorite is definitely "Amelia," where she constructs an ahistorical Amelia Earhart as a metaphor for all she mourns over in her own life.  "Coyote," "Song for Sharon," "Black Crowe," and the quirky portrait of Furry Lewis "Furry Sings the Blues" are all unforgettable.  The back up musicians are marvelous, most thoroughly schooled in jazz.  Of course, special mention must be made by the remarkable playing of the astonishing Jaco Pastorius, one of the forces behind the Weather Report.    Unfortunately, after HEIJIRA, Joni's studio output became more and more personal and intimate in a way that could not be communicated with the public as a whole.  It didn't merely become "difficult," it largely became inaccessible.  She isn't the first artist to take this path, and she won't be the last.       