 There are many great things about TV series coming out on DVD.  First, no commercials.  This has the obvious benefit of keeping unwanted ads from interrupting the narrative, though a secondary benefit is that it has been devastating to older television studies theories concerning television that emphasized the way that shows were integrated into network scheduling, an approach that made commercials integral to the experience of the show and made the show's themselves subservient to its role in the evening's programming as a whole.  Now we can finally appreciate shows entirely on their own.  Second, we get the opportunity to go back and catch up on some shows that for whatever reason we missed the first time around.  THE ADVENTURES OF LOIS AND CLARK was a show that I knew many people liked and enjoyed, but while I enjoyed the several episodes that I saw, I did not watch all that much of it at the time.  The great news is that the show is marvelous to watch for the first time twelve years down the road.  The show seems hardly to have aged, thanks in part to the timelessness of the design of the show.  The Superman legend has been used over and over since the earliest days of television.  There was the famous George Reeves version of the show in the early 1950s, a 1980s version of Superboy, this 1990s romantic version, and the currently running SMALLVILLE, which reconceptualizes the Superboy story.  On top of this there are multiple cartoon versions in both film and TV and several films.    Although THE ADVENTURES OF LOIS AND CLARK is respectful of previous versions of the Superman legend, its true predecessor is MOONLIGHTING, with Dean Cain and Teri Hatcher filling the slots that Bruce Willis and Cybil Shepherd filled on that show.  The title is not merely a take off on Lewis and Clark, but a statement of purpose in emphasizing Lois as much as Clark in the story.  This truly is about Lois AND Clark, specifically their relationship with one another.  The story of the Man of Steel actually takes a back seat to the romantic comedy in the foreground of the series.  The show works in large part because of the great chemistry between Dean Cain and Teri Hatcher as well as the overall production that keeps their relationship interesting.    Although I very much enjoy this series (at least through Season One), I have to note that the romantic relationship prospers at the sake of all else.  There is virtually no dramatic tension in any episode.  There are tremendous potential tensions in Clark's situation as a super empowered individual on the one hand and his need to keep this a secret so as not to endanger others on the other hand.  If one compares THE ADVENTURES OF LOIS AND CLARK to SMALLVILLE, this is all made pretty obvious.  On the latter, Clark's stringent efforts to keep his abilities secret comes close at times to destroying all his relationships.  Over and over his relationships come close to ruin because each of his friends knows that he is dishonest with them.  Precisely what he is hiding from them or lying about they are uncertain, but they all know that he has kept a great deal from them.  When Clark at the beginning of Season Five tells Lana that he wants a relationship with her he begins by telling her that there will be "No more lies."  Over five seasons Clark and Lex Luthor's friendship has been severely damaged by the lack of trust and truth telling between the two of them, each of them guilty of lying to the other.  There simply are no similar tensions in LOIS AND CLARK.  In fact, the earlier show is remarkably tension free.  In a way this is not surprising.  If LOIS AND CLARK's main predecessor is MOONLIGHTING, SMALLVILLE's predecessor is the profoundly dramatic BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER  Nonetheless, LOIS AND CLARK succeeds well as a romantic comedy.  It is filled with a host of in jokes and gags, most of which work.  My favorite might be at the start of the season, where Clark asks his mother to create a costume for him so that he can fight wrongdoing while keeping his identity secret.  She wonders if he should wear a mask to cover his face, but he explains that all he need do is remove his glasses, and demonstrates by removing them.  As his parents look at him, he apparently becomes unrecognizable to him each time he removes his glasses.  Of course, the ludicrousness of no one being able to recognize Clark as Superman has always been at the heart of the Superman story, but never has anyone made such a nice joke about it.  (On a side note, this is the major problem for SMALLVILLE in any attempt to have Clark create his Superman persona, since even Lois Lane knows him without his glasses.)  I should note one other problem with the show, though it is mainly a problem that SMALLVILLE has created for it.  By far the finest thing in that show has been the reconceptualization of Lex Luthor, making him a vastly more interesting and compelling figure than in any other version in the history of the franchise.  LOIS AND CLARK's Lex, on the other hand, is rather cartoonish and uninteresting.  He has been conceived as a sinister industrial magnate, but he is not really allowed to become more than a two-dimensional character.  The rest of the cast is at least OK, though the great stand out is the late Lane Smith, who succumbed this past summer to ALS.  On a minor note, fans of movies like THE MUSIC MAN or TV shows like THE GILMORE GIRLS will notice that the show is filmed on one of the most heavily used sets on the Warner Brothers lot.  Any fan of THE GILMORE GIRLS will over time start to recognize bits of the streets of Metropolis as parts of what is now Stars Hollow.  I first caught this on the episode where Clark takes Lois back to Smallville.  I recognized the set and then thought, "If the camera will just move a bit we could see the gazebo on the town square."  The camera moved and the gazebo was right where it was supposed to be.  The stock footage for the skyline of Metropolis, however, is clearly that of Chicago.  Interestingly, only night shots are used for Clark's flying scenes over the city.     