 The most important argument in this book might be the purely historical one that until very recently in American history, everyone on each side of the issue of whether the U.S. Constitution should contain a religious or Christian element understood that the constitution as we have it was "a Godless constitution." Those who felt the constitution should honor God or who felt that the United States should be recognized in some fashion as the foundation of the nation were scandalized that the constitution contained no references to God or the Divine. For nearly two hundred years the effort on the part of evangelicals was to try to get God into the constitution. But under wildly revisionist reinterpretations by folks like Pat Robertson the assumption is that God was in the constitution from the beginning, and that they are merely trying to regain the focus on God that the Founders had when they wrote the constitution. As Kramnick and Moore demonstrate in this excellent brief study, any such view is fantastical nonsense.   Early chapters in the book examine the beliefs concerning the relationship between government and a divine foundation found in the Puritans, and why Roger Williams and subsequently the Founders wanted to create a wall of separation between a secular government and organized religion. They show how Williams desired the separation not for the sake of government, but for the sake of religion, for the distortive and corrupting influence political leaders can exert when they attempt to employ religion to bolster political causes. Also, if religion and political parties are too closely identified, if the party falls into disrepute, so also can religion through association. This latter point is far too often forgotten today, and the close identification of the Religion Right with today's extreme right of the GOP does not portend well for evangelicalism. History shows that political sympathies tend to be like a swinging pendulum, and when the pendulum swings the other direction away from the right wing extremism that has colored American politics for the past thirty years (making even a moderate conservative like Bill Clinton appear to many to be a liberal), organized religion could suffer in the reaction. Williams understood this; today's evangelicals do not.   But whatever Williams's motives in desiring a secular government, Jefferson, Adams, Washington, Madison, Franklin, and the rest of the Founders desired equally a wall of separation because such was best for both the sake of government and religion. Jefferson envisioned a government that was as little involved in the consciences of individuals as possible. While he believed that religion should play a life in America, it had no place whatsoever in government. In this all the major founders were in complete agreement.   The final section of the book deals with the history of the Sunday mails controversy, and is important because it carefully documents the ongoing understanding of all Americans throughout the 19th and virtually all of the 20th centuries that the American constitution was a thoroughly secular document, with no Christian or religious element whatsoever. This is crucial because recently many members of the religious right have attempted to reinterpret history and counterfactually assert that they want to reassert the religious elements that have already been there. Unless people are familiar with the actual historical facts, such revisionism might actually influence the ill informed.   This is a very solid history, one that is very much in the spirit of Roger Williams in wanting to promote a strong religious life, but understanding that this is only possible with a completely secular government that cannot be employed to exploit religious bodies for its use, as the political right is exploiting the religious right today. I would also like to recommend that anyone reading this book also consult the superb book by Frank Lambert, THE FOUNDING FATHERS AND THE PLACE OF RELIGION IN AMERICA. Compatible with the Kramnick and Moore study, Lambert's book focuses on the shift from theistically based colonies favored by the original settlers to completely secular governments instituted by the Founders.      