 Stephanie Coontz has devoted her career to waging war on ahistorical understandings of the family.  She first came to national notice with her now classic book THE WAY WE NEVER WERE:  AMERICAN FAMILIES AND THE NOSTALGIA TRAP, which attacked naive attempts to make what she termed the Ozzie and Harriett marriage as somehow normative, a family in which the father worked, the mother stayed at home, both stayed married for a lifetime, and their two lovely children completed an ideal, caring unit.  Though massive sifting of historical and statistical materials she was able to show that this picture of the family--a picture that determines even today a vast amount of political debate about "family values"--was even in the fifties largely a myth.  Nostalgia, a phenomenon that has long driven right-wing movements, is by its very nature ahistorical, referring to a past that never existed and would be undesirable today even if possible.  In MARRIAGE, A HISTORY:  FROM OBEDIENCE TO INTIMACY OR HOW LOVE CONQUERED MARRIAGE Coontz fights nostalgia further by a fascinating and far-ranging study of the history of marriage in Western civilization.  What is shocking is learning that so far from being a static, traditional relationship with a fundamental shape and form, marriage is instead a constantly evolving institution that has altered numerous times in the past thousand or so years in response to various social needs or pressures.  Changing societal values, alterations in the material conditions at a particular point in time, or even changing ideas about romance have all exerted enormous influence on the understanding and practice of marriage at any particular time.  Her discussion essentially renders virtually all right wing rhetoric about the need to protect "family values" or "marriage" utter nonsense. One almost needs to ask, "Of what decade?"  The changes wrought in our understanding of marriage over the course of the past two hundred years alone are simply stunning.  And the Ozzie and Harriett or male breadwinner marriage alluded to above really only thrived during the economic boom following WW II until its demise in the 1960s.  Unless one is willing to ignore completely the lessons of history, any rational, sane individual is going to have to concede that any narrow understanding of what form marriage "must" take is inevitably going to be mistaken.    An enumeration of the interesting bits and pieces found in this book could fill several reviews the length of this one.  The book always radiates a mastery of a vast range of facts but never ceases to be thoroughly insightful and even entertaining.  This book isn't merely informative:  it is fun.    The book also raises some disturbing questions.  The book largely refutes the passion for nostalgia and a misguided frenzy to defend "traditional" marriage, but neither does the book revel in the alternatives.  In fact, frequently Coontz notes features of modern marriage that makes one wonder if we aren't putting pressure on the institution that it should never have been asked to support.  As she points out, while people in recent centuries married for reasons other than love, a marriage was a practical arrangement that met certain very specific needs for people.  One discerns a certain reasonableness in their expectations.  One sought a coworker, a person to help make a household successful economically, a companion, and a sexual partner for producing children.  But today a marriage partner is expected to meet virtually impossible expectations.  A wife or husband is supposed to be gorgeous, a best friend, a superb financial contributor to the relationship, sexy, and a marvelous parent.  The marriage partnership is viewed as the single most important relationship a modern individual can experience.  At no other point in history, as Coontz points out, has a marriage been expected to meet such extraordinary expectations.  In the end, one is left wondering if the intense pressures of modern marriage might not lead to some new variant more realistic than the Disney version currently in place.  I'd place this in a short list of the "must read" books of 2005.  Because marriage is at the heart of almost every human institution, this book is relevant to virtually every subject.  And though it should prove relevant in future decades as well, it is especially important reading in the present, where all kind of cant is being spewed about what marriage "really means."  No one should attempt to say what marriage really is or has been without reading this exceptional book.     