 Just as George Orwell wanted to entitled his most famous novel, which was published in 1948, 1948 and not 1984, so this amazing graphic novel is more about the emerging political scene in the 1980s of Thatcher and Reagan than about the future, a scene in which individuals were more and more refusing to fight against and mold their government.  Dashing the hopes of the one libertarian reviewer below, the novel very definitely is not an endorsement of libertarianism (which is more an American phenomenon than an English one--e.g., very, very few people in Great Britain have heard of let alone read Ayn Rand).  No, it is about how government can go wrong when we are not the leaders, but the pawns of leaders.  Anyone doubting this needs to reread the preface that Alan Moore wrote for the complete edition:  this is not an endorsement of the free market libertarianism of Margaret Thatcher; it is, in fact, precisely the opposite.  The important British linguistic philosopher and logician Michael Dummett wrote oddly out-of-place prefaces for his philosophical works during the same period, as a devout Catholic with progressive politics lamenting the onset of fascist attitudes wrought by Thatcherism evidenced by new racial laws, expliciting lamenting that his nation had officially become a racist nation.  Moore began his story by imagining Labor winning in 1982, collapsing later due to the pressures brought about by nuclear war between the U.S. and the Soviet Union, a fascist state emerging from the ruins.    V is one of the great figures in recent literature, whether regular literature or concentrating solely on graphic novels.  He is fundamentally a mystery.  We never learn his secrets, perhaps because, as Evey imagines, knowing his secret would somehow trivialize it.  He is a hero, but he is clearly not in the train of the overwhelming majority of comic heroes.  For one thing, he is an anarchist.  If Superman was always at heart a super patriot, V is the precise opposite.  He is an anarchist in the old fashioned sense of William Godwin, not a good Briton.  The images found within this novel of a fascist, totalitarian state truly are the finest since 1984, and one of the book's great appeals is the comprehensiveness of the vision.  V is presented as a political hero, a modern day Guy Fawkes, complete with period costume, but unlike Fawkes vastly more successful in his attempt to bring down Parliament.  Visually, he is a brilliant creation, and David Lloyd's drawing of him are one of the glories of the book.  If one reads several of Moore's books, one is struck by the peculiar nature of his genius.  Though he has chosen to work with illustrators, his vision truly is that of the novelist.  The structure and architecture of his creations have the same balance of the finest novelist, and one is constantly amazed at how he has been able to produce a narrative that can be perfectly captured by illustrations.  But in the end, the illustrations do not carry the narrative; instead, Moore's narrative provides the structure for the illustrations.  I don't like to throw around the word "genius," but there are times that I think it aptly applied to Moore.  Yes, David Lloyd does a spectacular job with his illustrations, but book after book written by Moore with different illustrations one detects something glorious, and it is hard to imagine that he isn't utlimately esponsible.  As Moore points out in his preface, this was his first effort at a long narrative comic, and there is some roughness at points compared with some of his other efforts such as WATCHMEN or FROM HELL.  Nonetheless, one can't help but be impressed by the overall grasp of the story.  This may be his first sustained work, but it is hardly the work of a novice.    Many will be aware that this is at the time that I write this review being made into a major feature film starring Hugo Weaving (Agent Smith of THE MATRIX films and the star of the great transvestite film PRISCILLA OF THE DESERT) as V and Natalie Portman as Evey.  As a rule, very few graphic novels have survived the conversion to film.  GHOST WORLD and SIN CITY are two exceptions that prove the rule.  Previous Alan Moore conversions--in particular THE LEAGUE OF EXTRAODINARY GENTLEMAN, though not even FROM HELL can be accounted a success--have been ghastly.  Rookie director James McTeigue worked as first assistant on both the final STAR WARS film and the last two MATRIX efforts, the latter interesting because V FOR VENDETTA is cited as an influence on the original MATRIX.  I have two hesitations about this appearing in film form.  First, most films based on graphic novels are simply awful, and the thought of the producers destoying another great story is painful.  Second, masks work well on the printed page, but not so well in movies.  I have enjoyed the Spiderman movies, but the masks get in the way of any human expression, not just with Spiderman but with the Green Goblin in the first film.  I'm fearful that V will not be as successful onscreen because of facial immobility.  Hopefully the filmmakers will be aware of this problem and will compensate accordingly.    This is one of the few graphic novels that I would strongly recommend to anyone wanting to explore the genre for the first time.  It is a wonderfully told story with several compelling characters and story lines.  And it contains one of the most charismatic heroes in all of the comics.       