 Iron and Wine is the stage name for singer/songwriter Sam Beam, who takes lo-fi to a degree undreamed of by most other lo-fi performers.  He is so lo-fi that he makes Wilco's celebrated classic YANKEE HOTEL FOXTROT sound garish.  Beam's second album, incredibly, is not quite as lo-fi as his first album, THE CREEK DRANK THE CRADLE.  The difference is that the latter was recorded in his home, while OUR ENDLESS NUMBERED DAYS is the product of working in a studio.  Although the instrumentation, often overdubs by Beam, is still spare and minimal, this is unquestionably a more polished production than his first.  This album often produces an aural illusion.  I know of no other album that so completely makes me feel as if the performer were sitting in a chair right beside me, leaning over and singing directly into my ear.  In part it is this immediacy that makes it so compelling.  There is also eeriness in Beam's singing.  His sister frequently sings in harmony with him, and like so often with siblings (the Everly Brothers, the Louvin Brothers, the Shoes, the McGarrigles, etc.) their voices seem to mesh impossibly into one.  Sam often seems as if he were singing along with strange overtones hovering somewhere above his voice, his sister acting almost like an aura.  Beam is superb on all levels that he needs to be.  He is an absolutely first rate songwriter, and one can easily imagine almost any of the songs on this album being performed by a host of other singers.  He is also an exceptional vocalist, singing softly in an almost impossibly pure voice that often borders on a whisper.  Finally, he is a superb guitarist/banjo player/dobroist, equally adept at finger picking or slide work.  He isn't interested in virtuosity but in playing the musically most appropriate accompaniment for each song.  Artie Shaw used to say that Bennie Goodman was always focused on becoming the best clarinetist he could become, while Shaw was more focused on becoming the best musician he could.  That distinction applies here, where Beam seems far less concerned with what he does instrumentally than what he can do musically.  Anyone familiar with Nick Drake will inevitably be conscious of his influence on Beam. The songs of the two do not sound exactly like one another, but some of the same pensive quietness is felt in both.  There is a profound gentleness in both that I've not experience very often in listening to other performers.  All in all, I cannot recommend this album too strongly.  Beam fills a niche to which few others aspire, and he does so brilliantly.  This is easily one of my favorite albums of the past couple of years.     