 Warning:  Some spoilers below  After a debut season that saw ARRESTED DEVELOPMENT win the Emmy for Best Comedy and just generally demonstrate that it was the most original new American comedy series in years, the show continued with a brilliant second season, more awards and critical acclaim, but still astonishingly few viewers.  Fans of the show wonder why everyone isn't watching it.  It has one of the most brilliant ensemble casts in memory, vastly higher production values of virtually all other American comedies (most are filmed before live audiences and minimal sets, which means few camera set ups, relatively inexpensive sets, and all around lowered costs), and brilliant writing that is genuinely funny.  I don't ever remember laughing at an episode of FRIENDS or EVERYBODY LOVE RAYMOND or countless other American sit coms that elicit smiles at most.  ARRESTED DEVELOPMENT is one of the few truly funny shows American TV has produced.  Typically, as I write this review the show has had only 13 episodes ordered for the 2005-2006 season and although it has not been officially cancelled, no one imagines that it will be back on FOX for the 2006-2007 season.  The hopes of fans of the show have been bolstered of late, however, by the fact that both ABC and Showtime are interested in picking up the show.  While there is "many a slip between the cup and the lip," this interest in a rational world seems not merely good news but inevitable.  What network wouldn't want to pick up the best comedy on TV?  On various boards fans are already lusting at a scenario whereby ABC pick up LOST and puts it on immediately before LOST, thereby creating the finest hour and a half of television of the week.    If the show is not back next year, at least we have these brilliant DVDs.  I never fail to be astonished at both the marvelous creativity of the show's writers and the wonderful executive by the production team.  Just consider one thing:  most comedies are shot on stage and feature two or three cameras situated to capture the performances.  The notion of montage is irrelevant for such shows.  But ARRESTED DEVELOPMENT can feature a three-minute segment with a montage of 7 or 8 completely different set ups.  The time spent on producing a single episode must be extraordinary compared to a show like FRIENDS, where virtually all of the cost of the show is expended on salary, as opposed to ARRESTED DEVELOPMENT, where the production costs are as large as the time expended making it.  If the show does go away after the painfully truncated Season Three, these DVDs will still be there to remind us of what a high quality production that we lost.  And the cast!  I've played a game with my friends who are fans of the show.  I've asked them both to name their favorite cast member and the one they think was most expendable.  In each cast they found the first task difficult and the second impossible.  A couple said they perhaps liked Jason Bateman as Michael Bluth the most, but not especially more than the others.  But no one is dispensable.  Take away any cast member and the show would be diminished thereby.  One thing I especially like about the show is the way that it continues a trend in television, a trend that a large number of the best shows on TV hold in common.  More and more shows are engaging in longer and longer story arcs, so that now the stories can extend over several seasons.  In this case, George Bluth, the head of the Bluth clan, has been imprisoned for financial wrongdoing at the Bluth Construction Company.  To make matter worse, it appears that he may have committed treason by building inside Iraq during the embargo.  At the end of Season One George escaped from jail and in Season Two he is ensconced in the attic of the model home many of the family members live in.  This overarching narrative holds the show as a whole together.  Along the way we get a host of ongoing jokes, such as Gob's (pronounced like Job, as in the Book of Job in the OT) countless pathetic magic tricks, the icky relationship between Lucille and her son Buster, and George's secretary Kitty flashing her artificially enhanced chest (so that she can appear on the video series "Girls With Low Self-Esteem") with the warning, "This is the last time you'll see these."  George-Michael has transferred his romantic intentions away from his cousin Maeby (who despite being 15 and in high school has somehow managed to become a Hollywood movie producer) to a Christian fundamentalist named Ann (whose minister father was played by the versatile Alan Tudyk, who in one calendar year played the robot in I, ROBOT, a pirate imitator in DODGEBALL, and a space ship pilot in SERENITY).  Tobias, meanwhile, striving to become an actor, has aspirations of joining the Blue Man Group (throughout the season, one sees random smudges of blue on the walls of the model home), while his wife Lindsay and he have agreed to have an open marriage, though neither manages to have a successful encounter with anyone else.  And poor Buster has his hand bitten off by a seal in the ocean, a seal that was accustomed to the taste of mammal flesh by none other than Gob.  The great string of guest appearances continued through out the season, with Season One performers such as Henry Winkler, Liza Minnelli, Carl Weathers, Judy Greer, and Julia Louis-Dreyfus joined by actors like Ben Stiller, Ed Begley Jr., Christine Taylor, Martin Short, Ione Skye, Dick Van Patten, and Zach Braff.   All this nuttiness has created what is for me the lone "must see" comedy show of the past ten years or so.  I just hope that after this year it hasn't become "can't see" TV.     