 Fascism is one of the more complex political movements of the past century and one of the more difficult to satisfyingly define.  Philosophers sometimes seek the necessary and sufficient conditions for defining some term or concept.  The problem with fascism is that while there are a number of necessary conditions, they are not in themselves sufficient in designating a movement as fascist.  Fascism is always ultranationalistic, racist, and anti-liberal, but these are features it holds in common with a host of other right wing political movements.  In the end, identifying a movement as fascist is more of an art than a science, akin to the famous definition of obscenity by U. S. Supreme Court Justice Potter Stewart:  "I know it when I see it."  Kevin Passmore's fine book can help one know it when one sees a fascist movement.    It is important to understand this movement for a host of reasons, many of them historical but some of them contemporary.  For instance, calling someone a fascist has become a commonplace of contemporary political vituperation.  In the 2004 election I heard a number of people call Bush a fascist, and while he holds a few positions in common with fascism, they are in the end very few and the differences significant.  Less understandably, I heard more than one right wing commentator call Kerry a fascist, which is beyond comprehension, since he does not espouse a single position that connects with what we understand as fascism.  So we really do need to understand what it means when we properly identify someone as a fascist.  Passmore's approach is primarily to discuss a host of national situations from a historical perspective that were at the time either self-identified as fascist or, in the wake of WW II and the utter discreditation of fascism, that share a significant number of features with pre-WW II fascism.  Obviously this approach means discussing Italian and German fascism, but Passmore also spends a good amount of time on nations that will be unfamiliar to all but serious students of Eastern Europe, such as Romania.  The picture that gradually emerges of fascism is of a movement that is anti-modern, rascist, masculine and anti-feminist, corporatist, rabidly nationalistic, rural rather than urban, largely undemocratic, leans towards a dictatorship, tends to be anti-free market and at the same time anti-trade union, and paramilitary in nature.  What can be bewildering is that not every incarnation of fascism can be characterized by all of these features.  This is less true of pre-WW II fascism than post-war, when movements that are largely fascist have been forced to espouse democratic principles and even claim not to be racist.  In the end, what one gains is not a crystal clear of what is or is not fascism, but a general impression of what might count as a fascist movement.  This is not a well-written book, which is the only complaint I would like to make about it.  The structure is awkward and one chapter does not naturally flow into one another.  There seems to be little rhyme or reason why one bit of the subject is dealt with in one part of the book and not another.  Furthermore, Passmore never really states clearly what he sees as lying at the heart of fascism.  I managed to figure out what he meant by typing out various identifying characteristics as I read through the text, but unless one undertakes some such exercise, one could end the book a bit confused about the whole matter.  Had the book been more clearly structured, it would be a far more valuable introduction to the subject.  In the end, one does get a good sense about fascism, but only if one is willing to work hard towards that end.  The author doesn't help the reader as much as he might have.  Nonetheless, I strongly recommend this book.  Although we are unlikely to see the kind of fascist movements that we saw in the interwar years, it represents tendencies in political thinking that have never really disappeared and persist even today.  We need to be sensitive to these tendencies and prepared to deal with them in the future.     