 In watching this marvelous documentary on the life and career of Frank Lloyd Wright I was reminded of an equally unpleasant creative artist.  After Robert Frost spent several days of abusing and attempting to humiliate the poet Archibald McLeish, the historian Bernard DeVoto told him, "Robert, you are a great poet, but a bad man."  Contrary to one myth, not all geniuses are jerks.  Marcel Proust was exceedingly quirky, but by every account he was a generous and caring friend.  Albert Einstein was by accounts a remarkably nice person, Vladimir Nabokov, though a brute in reviews (known as Vlad the Impaler), was in ordinary life a kind and goodhearted soul, while William Carlos Williams was not only a great modern poet, but a thoroughly decent human being.  But there are enough people like Frank Lloyd Wright, Picasso, Beethoven, and James Joyce to keep alive the myth of Genius as Jerk.  Wright certainly did his share to feed into this myth and the documentary doesn't try to mute this aspect of his life.  He was just not a very nice person and had he not been a great architect we wouldn't want to know anything about him.  Apart from his work his was an ugly life.  But he was also a stunningly gifted and prolific architect.  I've never heard anyone address the question of which architects in history had the largest number of buildings constructed, but I could easily believe that the crown belongs to Wright.  I first saw a Wright designed building when I lived for a year in Louisville, KY and had a striking looking bank building pointed out as a Wright design.  I also visited the Guggenheim in NY when living in New Haven for several years.  I was never impressed by the art collection it was designed to display, but the building itself I found to be stunning.  My closest encounter with Wright came when I moved to Chicago to attend the University of Chicago and my route home took me each time directly along the Robie House, usually considered one of his two or three most important designs.   For several years, for instance, AIA members voted it the second most important structure from an architectural standpoint in America, surpassed only by Wright's Falling Water.  Yet, the Burns's documentary gives virtually no attention to the Robie House, although they do show it briefly.  This is probably my only major complaint, the near complete neglect of one of his most highly regarded designs (notwithstanding that it is the one I know best).  Through Wright's life is unpleasant at almost every point to contemplate, his architecture from beginning to end is utterly exhilarating.  More than any architect I know, whenever I see either in person or on film or in print any of his designs, I am seized with a desire to inhabit that space.  When I see a Mies van der Rohe design, I have the opposite reaction.  The spaces designed in the International Style I rarely find inviting, inspiring, warm, or welcoming.  Wright's spaces, whether public or private, always are all of these things.  The documentary does a great job of showing many Wright spaces, photographing them in ways that show how the spaces work, and from angles that are especially revealing.  I do think that the documentary would have helped by looking at more buildings, especially the Prairie style homes (such as the Robie House, which is shockingly relegated to a bit part).  But much else also is left out.  Wright was as much a designer as an architect, yet while his furniture and windows are seen in a myriad of shots, there is virtually no mention of his thoughts about design.  Also, there was very little in the way of valid criticism of his work.  Anyone who has known first hand any Wright structure knows that they are, as a rule, very poorly constructed.  Most of his works have had to be rebuilt or at least corrected.  The film does talk of the severe leaking of the roof that was experienced after the completion of the Johnson Wax Headquarters.  Almost all of his designs have had the same problem.  One of the critics on the show talks of Wright being a great engineer, and on the macro level perhaps that is true.  But on the micro level, he simply didn't seem to have a grasp of how to put things together.  Just one example from my own experience.  If you walk along the long exterior wall that lines the Robie House one will be stunned to see how crooked it is.  It wriggles like a snake.  I have read that Falling Water has been similarly plagued with structural problems.  Yet apart from the Johnson leaky roof, almost no mention is made of any of this.  Reading some of the reviews below, I have to express some bafflement that so many seem surprised that the documentary focuses so much on Wright's life.  The title of the documentary is FRANK LLOYD WRIGHT, not THE ARCHITECTURE OF FRANK LLOYD WRIGHT.  I'm not being pedantic.  Only in the second case should one be surprised that so much was said about his life.  In the former case I would have been astonished if they left all the biographical details out.  I think much of the problem here stems from two sources.  First, many want this to be the documentary that they anticipate seeing, not the one that Burns actually made.  Second, much of the problem is that there is a massive gap between the quality of Wright's work as an architect and the quality of his life as a human being.  As DeVoto might put it, he was indeed a great architect, even if he was a bad man.      