 Make no mistake about it:  although Calexico is listed first, this is very much an Iron and Wine (i.e., Sam Beam) album.  All of the songs were written by Beam, he does the majority of the singing, and his guitar is central throughout.  Moreover, the arrangements feel like extensions of his other albums.  So, since this is primarily a Sam Beam album, I'm primarily going to discuss it from that point.  Essentially, Calexico here functions as a backup band, one that very self-effacingly adapts itself to Beam's compositions.  I do intend to revise this review in December after I've been able to see Beam and Calexico live in Chicago at the Congress Theater.  My guess is that both will do separate as well as joint sets.  Sam Beam has been one of the leading lo-fi performers in the US for the past two or three years with the gradual addition of back up musicians on each ensuing album.  While part of me is nostalgic for the minimalism of THE CREEK DRANK THE CRADLE, originally demo tapes that consisted of Beam alone with his guitar, another part has been encouraged by how superb his work has been with the addition of other performers.  The conversion isn't like Dylan going from acoustic to back up band, in which the music itself seemed to change; Beam's work with other musicians seems a natural extension of his previous work.  That being said, I'm not sure that the songwriting here represents a similar leap forward.  I thought the songs on the WOMAN KING EP, released earlier this year, even stronger than his previous work.  Here all the songs are exquisite, but I can't point to a single one and marvel at how brilliant it is.  In short, this is a very fine collection of Sam Beam compositions, but he has done better in the past, and I believe he will do better in the future.  The songs here in generally do not show the lyrically complexity of some of his other work.  For instance, nothing here shows the astonishing virtuosity of "Jezebel" from WOMAN KING, which updated the Biblical story by apparently viewing Jezebel not just the abomination of the Old Testament, but imbuing her with some of the qualities of the Sirens.  The lyrics are always satisfying here, but unlike previous albums, I am never stunned by his remarkable skills as a lyricist.  The first two numbers on the disc are "He Lays the Reins" and "Prison on Route 41."  Both are quiet songs with the feel of a traditional folk song.  You can almost imagine Johnny Cash deciding to cover either of them.  I especially like "Prison on Route 41," a gentle waltz praising Virginia, the woman who has saved the singer from the life of crime and imprisonment that is the fate of his other.  "A History of Lovers" is my favorite song on the album, with a much more forceful beat and involvement by the band, a song about a man who kills another man over the love of a woman with in inconstant heart, perhaps even a prostitute, though that is all left a bit vague.  "Red Dust" is one of the less compelling numbers on the disc.  The final three numbers are all fine, though I especially like "Dead Man's Will," with wonderful yet simple lyrics.  I've said elsewhere that I believe Sam Beam is one of the most intriguing talents in American music, probably the most gifted lyricist working today, and the crafter of a score of utterly marvelous songs.  It will be fascinating to see what direction his efforts will lead next.  Will he go back to solo work or will he work more with back up bands like he has here with Calexico?  So far his work has been thoroughly satisfying either way and I very much hope that he will do both.  I'm not sure how fans of Calexico would respond to this album.  They are very definitely in the background here.  Fans of Sam Beam, however, should find this to be a thoroughly satisfying EP, and will definitely want to get it.  Although Beam has not in 2005 released a full length album, he has released two superb EPs.  Of the two I would recommend WOMAN KING a tad more strongly than IN THE REINS, only because I think the songwriting is a bit stronger on the former, but both are extremely fine albums.     