 Are the Farrelly Brothers growing up?  In the past they have made a string of utterly insane comedies that sometimes barely bordered on the edge of good taste (well, sometimes they did indeed cross over the edge), but here they have a movie that is tasteful from beginning to end.  That is not to say that it is bad for all that.  I found the first ten or fifteen minutes to be a bit on the slow side, and the vomit scenes unpleasant (I'm sorry, any guy who hung around an apartment while someone was being sick would not be taken a adorable and the act not as romantic, but all in all more than a little weird, especially the staying on the couch overnight part), but after it got underway, I enjoyed this quite a bit.    This is actually a pretty accurate picture of what relationships are like:  flawed and filled with compromise.  The movies all-too-often portray romance as if it were all a question of waiting for the perfect person, while in fact it is a question of waiting for an imperfect person.  The issue in FEVER PITCH is whether one can have a relationship with someone who is overall pretty decent, but has an overwhelming obsession in their life.  In this case, can Lindsey manage a relationship with Ben, who is a really nice guy except for his utter obsession with the Boston Red Sox, an obsession that might top his love for her?  I really liked this whole idea of imperfect people forcing themselves to make compromises to find--as the self-help book tells us--someone to love instead of someone perfect.  The movie was pretty funny throughout, not one of the funniest you'll see, but enough to be consistently entertaining.  I have always liked Drew Barrymore and loved seeing her in this as in her previous films (though I didn't like the red hair).  I have always hated Jimmy Fallon (sorry, but its true) and while I'm not anxious to search out his next movie, I didn't dislike him in this like I expected to.  I do think the movie would have been strengthened by a stronger actor in his role, but he didn't kill the film by any stretch of the imagination.  I really enjoyed all the location shots in the film, not just in Fenway (my second favorite MLB ballpark after my beloved Wrigley Field, only two blocks from my apartment) but in Boston as a whole.    All in all, this was a pretty decent romantic comedy.  It also goes down as probably the best romantic baseball movie ever made.  OK, there isn't a lot of competition in that category, but there you go.  In closing, I would like add that I actually prefer this to the British film starring Colin Firth that was also based on the Nick Hornby novel FEVER PITCH.  Like HIGH FIDELITY, Hornby's novel translates exceptionally well from a British to an American context.       