 Charles Portis deserves to be better known in the world of American Literature, but not on the basis of this book.  TRUE GRIT is a fine novel, but it is not nearly as strong as his comic novels, in particular the tragically out of print books THE DOG OF THE SOUTH and MASTERS OF ATLANTIS.  While I do like TRUE GRIT, it is not representative of Portis's work as a whole.   Despite not being his best work, this is a fine and impressive novel, with one of the most compelling Western anti-heroes to come along in quite a while in Rooster Cogburn.  Equally as good is the narrative noice of Mattie Ross, who while a young girl, is not the least bit cute or sweet.  She is, however, courageous and admirable, and is as fine an exemplar of "true grit" as Rooster.     As is frequently the case, the book is considerably better than the movie.  The film suffered from several difficulties, the two most serious being casting and location.  Anyone familiar with Arkansas and Oklahoma knows that the movie had to have been filmed in Colorado or a similar Western state.  The incongruence of real locale and fictional locale lends a surreal air to the film.  The more serious problem in the film was casting.  On the one hand, John Wayne was perfect as Rooster.  It is impossible to imagine anyone else playing the role.  On the other hand, Kim Darby and Glenn Campbell were utterly inappropriate, the latter because he is not an actor and the former because she was 8 or 9 years too old for the role.  Mattie is a girl, not a young woman.  In the novel there is an obvious though understated affectionate bonding Rooster and Mattie, and perhaps the film makers thought that this would seem perverse if an actress near Mattie's real age played the role.     Two related anecdotes.  My high school senior English teacher lived in an apartment in the area of Little Rock, Arkansas known as "The Heights."  She claimed (and I have no reason to doubt this), that her apartment and Charles Portis's in the same complex shared a wall, and she could hear a typewriter from time to time.  Since they were longtime neighbors, I like to think she heard TRUE GRIT and his other books being written.  The other anecdote concerns a professor in the small, private Baptist college I attended in Arkansas.  This one-eyed geography prof was reputed to be a former sheriff of Yell County Arkansas and an acquaintance of Charles Portis, and a model for Rooster Cogburn (he also later served briefly as lieutenant governor of Arkansas, when Lt. Gov. Footsie Britt briefly became governor so that Dale Bumpass could become a member of the the U.S. Senate).  I don't whether there was any truth to this rumor or not; but it is a good rumor.     