 Like most, when I first heard that Sufjan Stevens intended to record individual albums for every state in the union, I was simultaneously baffled and amazed.  Several thoughts arose at once?  For instance, can anyone actually live long enough and be productive enough to do fifty albums?  How the heck to you do an album about Delaware?  How can an artist produce an album about a state of which he has little or no first hand knowledge?  All in all, it has to go down as one of the strangest projects in the history of popular music.  This is the second of Stevens's projected series, and luckily for me covers one of the two states that I would be most personally interested in, Illinois, my adopted home.  (The other state I'd love to see covered is Arkansas, the state of my birth and upbringing.)  Having now listened to ILLINOISE several times, two more thoughts have arisen:  First, he is really going to record this much music for each state?  This disc clocks in at over seventy minutes!  In the old days, that would have been the equivalent of a double LP!  Second, how does he crank out so much great music?  First, I have to say that the album might have been improved by shortening it a bit.  There are a few weak cuts, and I think removing those songs would have made this an even better album.  But even with that, the number of very strong songs on the album is amazing.  I figure the average very good album has three or four truly good songs to go with several other decent ones.  ILLINOISE has at least five or six songs that are absolutely first rate, along with a host of others that are at least memorable.  Can he keep this up?  Can he sustain this through Nevada and Oregon and Mississippi and Florida?  My brother asked in a letter whether Stevens might not be the Walt Whitman of our age.  Certainly no other troubadour since Whitman has tried to so completely express the nature of the country as a whole.  To multiply the perplexities, the best song on the disc might be one about the mass murderer John Wayne Gacy.  How is that possible?  Moreover, the adjective that most fully describes the song is:  pretty.  My other favorites include "Decatur," "Chicago" (How could you do an album on Illinois and botch Chicago? Well, you could but luckily he does not), "The Man of Metropolis," and "The Tallest Man."  The topics he covers in his songs runs the gamut of Illinois history, from Mary Todd Lincoln's insanity to the Blackhawk wars to the aforementioned John Wayne Gacy to the musical heritage of Chicago.    Will Sufjan be able to keep this up?  Will his next album be as good as this one?  I honestly can't say, though anyone who could keep this up through 50 albums would instantly qualify as one of the greats in music.  I doubt if he can, but I'm willing to give him the benefit of the doubt.  I await his next album with heightened curiosity.     