 Sade is one of those authors that I believe many decide to like for reasons that have nothing to do with his actual work.  He is an author it is easier to have opinions about than he is to read.  If one, however, takes the time actually to read his books with any degree of critical assessment, he comes across as one of the least literally satisfying authors.  Sade did write about a plethora of taboos, but I think his interest is exclusively historical in nature.  I can't imagine that anyone truly would enjoy his books as literature, and I would be concerned by anyone who embraced its ideas. What are the impediments to enjoying Sade as an author?  First, he is not a memorable writer.  The English translations are amazingly lackluster, and my understanding is that the translations, if anything, mask the weakness of the French originals.  The translators actually produce better literature than existed in the original.  Second, his characters are, at best, cartoonish and are, in fact, utterly cardboardish.  They lack motivation, except in the most primal, biological senses.  They lack depth, complexity, and charisma.  More disastrously, the supposedly most sympathetic characters are impossible to sympathize with.  For instance, in his novel JUSTINE, the heroine is raped repeatedly.  The plot could be reduced to the words:  "Justine gets raped a few hundred times."  But no matter how frequently she is raped, Justine is perpetually stunned, never becomes sufficiently defensive, never learns anything about human nature.  E. M. Foster distinguishes between flat and round characters, but Sade's characters don't even come up to the level of flat.  Instead, they seem more like paper cut outs.  Third, the plot is nonexistent, and the action uninteresting.  This is especially true in 120 DAYS OF SODOM, in which the point is merely as many forms of sexual and physical torture as possible.  It might be mildly titillating for a few pages, but it very quickly becomes boring and ends by being impossibly tedious.  I doubt if one in one thousand readers makes it all the way through the book. The release of the movie QUILLS might direct far more attention to de Sade than might normally be the case. One interesting thing in that film is that while de Sade is presented as a character with a passion for writing, no one at any point hints that he is in any sense a good writer. Outrageous, perhaps, but not good. I think that is a fair summary of de Sade.  He did break taboos, but he didn't thereby manage to be in any identifiable sense an interesting or good writer.  And that is, after all, the point of writing.  The social context and his place in society, as well as some of the intellectual pretences underlying his work, are the only things that kept him from being a mere and second-rate pornographer.     