 RELIGION AND THE DECLINE OF MAGIC was the best book I read in 1997.  It is one of those books that is both highly entertaining and massively informative.  It is also infuriating, because it is a book that is so full of detail, that it doesn't seem as if one person could have produced it.  It makes me feel as if I have been wasting my life.     Thomas's subject is--as the title proclaims--the prevalence of and subsequent decline in magical beliefs in the Great Britain in the 16th and 17th centuries.  He surveys magic in a myriad of forms:  magical elements within religious practice, village wizards and cunning men, astrology, prophecies, and--in the most famous and frequently referred to section--witches.  My favorite sections were those dealing with astrology and witchcraft, as well as the beginning chapter dealing with "nasty, brutish, and short" quality of life at the time in England.  The book is filled to the brim with fascinating bits of information, such as the fact that most of the caloric intake of men, women, and even children at the time came from beer, and that at sea an allotment of a gallon of beer a day was made!  The inescapable conclusion was that Britain was a nation of alcoholics.   I find it difficult to overpraise this book.  Since reading it during the summer, I have found dozens of references to it in various works, and always with the highest praise attached.  One of the blurbs on the back of the beautiful new paperback edition recently put out by Oxford University Press claims that it is one of the two or three greatest works of history in the past thirty years, and I have no reason to doubt it.  As testament to how highly I esteem this book, I plan on buying a new copy, since the old Scribner's paperback I read barely managed to hold together til the end.   Keith Thomas's other book, MAN AND THE NATURAL WORLD, is also a work of the highest order.  My one complaint with Thomas is that he has not written enough books.  My hope is that he is working on another.     