 Philip Roth is one of those rare novelists who seems to be improving with age.  After turning sixty he has produced a remarkable trilogy consisting of AMERICAN PASTORAL, I MARRIED A COMMUNIST, and THE HUMAN STAIN, easily among his best books, and now this stunning novel about a United States that might have been.  At sixty most writers are beginning to wind down, but Roth proved to be just getting started.  When I first heard reviews of THE PLOT AGAINST AMERICA, I instantly wondered why no one mentioned Philip K. Dick's THE MAN IN THE HIGH CASTLE.  There are several reasons for associating the two.  Dick's novel belongs to a genre invented by Dick in the novel just mentioned:  alternative history.  Briefly, Dick's novel was about post-WW II America and was set on the West Coast, which was overseen by the victorious Japanese, the Nazis ruling the area east of the Rockies.  Many of the characters begin talking about an underground novel written by a mysterious man said to live in a high castle that wonders how WW II would have unfolded had FDR run for president in 1940 so that the US would have had a strong leader going into the war.  There is, therefore, a superficial resemblance between the Dick and Roth novels, since Roth imagines how life in America would have unfolded in 1941 and 1942 had Lindbergh run against and defeated Roosevelt in 1940.  My guess is that Roth, who is an extraordinarily well read man, knew Dick's work and was conscious that he was writing an alternate alternative history of the period.  But after one gets past the superficial resemblances between the two novels the difference in the two books is vast.  Dick had one of the most fertile imaginations in the history of literature, but he was at best a sloppy writer.  He was a pulp writer paid by the word and there was little money to be made in rewriting.  Most of his novels read like good first drafts, with uninspiring prose at many points, flatly depicted characters, and frequent structural problems.  Roth, on the other hand, is the consummate craftsman, a marvelous prose stylist, and a wonderful developer of memorable characters.  Dick's novel seems sketchy and his world unconvincing when contrasted with Roth's rich and vivid and detailed one.  In other words, Dick was an enormously inventive pulp writer who was otherwise a weak writer; Roth is a brilliant writer of the first rank.  As a result, while THE MAN IN THE HIGH CASTLE is justly celebrated for its inventiveness and for establishing the new literary genre of Alternative History, Roth's alternative history is vastly better novel.  I don't mean this to damn the novel with faint praise, but this is as good a novel for a book club as I have ever read.  The novel raises a host of questions as one reads it.  How plausible is it historically?  Is this about America as it was or America as it is?  Are their social forces in America that would support fascist measures?  And on top of this one can talk about the usual literary issues that arise in any novel.  Historically, I find the novel somewhat implausible, though I am willing to set that aside for the sake of the tale as a whole.  Without giving away plot details, I believe that Lindbergh (the A. Scott Berg biography, by the way, which Roth mentions in the notes at the end of the book, is indeed the book to read on Lindbergh) truly was a man with deeply racist beliefs.  This was not unusual at the time, but it is pretty clear that these were not feigned, though also not terribly well thought out.  Lindbergh was not a thinker and he certainly doesn't seem to have reflected deeply on many of his beliefs, however willing he was to express them in public.  But more to the point, despite his personal popularity and despite the isolationism embraced by many Americans in 1940, I do not think Lindbergh could have defeated Roosevelt.  Besides, Roosevelt was one of the most brilliant campaigners in presidential history, and a formidable counter puncher.  Roth's Roosevelt does little to respond to Lindbergh's campaign, something the real Roosevelt would not have done.  Also, although I have a pretty low opinion of Burton Wheeler, I find the role he plays in the novel to be pretty inconceivable.  So, these aspects of the novel I find to be historically implausible.  Apart from that, the historical recreation that Roth undertakes is absolutely riveting.  He makes this past that never happened seem as real as many things that actually did happen.  As far as whether it is about America as it is or as it was, I'm uncertain.  Roth's politics would obviously place him in stark opposition to the Bush administration, but the novel was published in the fall of 2003.  I'm not sure he would have had time to solidify his feelings against Bush and the atmosphere of intolerance that arose with him in response to the post-9/11 world and write this brilliant book.  I would guess that he started the book before Bush took office, though perhaps he had many contemporary right wing tendencies in mind even at that time.  I don't think it is about the nation we were as much as the nation we are.  But my views on this question are largely tentative.  Certainly after seeing the disturbing way America reacted in regard to civil liberties following 9/11 and after watching the actions of the Ashcroft Justice Department one has to be wary of what we as a nation are capable of.  I've recently been reading a lot about the Religious Right, and I feel there is little doubt of the repressive capabilities of many within its embrace.  After all, what does democracy and decency matter compared with what you imagine God is telling you to do?  This is just a brilliant novel and one of the most enthralling reads I've had in a long while.  Unfortunately as I've matured as a reader I more and more rarely been seized by a novel so passionately that I can't put it down.  After a few thousand books you gain the capacity to put a book down.  But I couldn't put this one down.  After a certain point I had to keep reading until I finished it.  I can give a book no higher recommendation than that.     