 GOOD NIGHT AND GOOD LUCK is not the first movie to attack the George Bush era in politics by indirect means.  In 2004 M. Night Shyamalan attacked the paranoia and fear of the outside world found in Bushism in his underrated film THE VILLAGE (which modeled itself on Arthur Miller's THE CRUCIBLE).  Couching criticism of current political regimes in historical dress has a long and celebrated history.  As much as I root for any film that attacks a mindset that I find reprehensible--the idea that anyone who criticizes an administration is somehow less of an American or hurting the country--I was not as impressed with this film as many of its viewers.  I very much liked the message in attacking McCarthyism-Bushism (anyone doubting that Bush was the primary target needs to hear any interview with George Clooney on the subject).  I loved the look of the film, the black and white showing to maximum effect the host of cigarettes lit in the course of the film.  I enjoyed the rich and talented ensemble cast and especially loved the main performance by the enormously talented David Strathairn.  But in the end the script did not seem to me to be especially strong.  I felt little of the dramatic tension that I had hoped and expected to experience.  I felt that the script in the end lacked focus and sufficient tension.  It was nonetheless a very good film; I was hoping for a great one.  I have been a huge fan of David Strathairn for years, even since I first noticed him in John Sayles's great film MATEWAN and in subsequent films by Sayles.  Few filmmakers other than Sayles seems to have appreciated his gifts and until this film few have given him the kind of role his talent would seem to command.  He neither looks very much like Murrow nor does he sound very much like him (unlike, say, Philip Seymour Hoffman who doesn't so much imitate Truman Capote as incarnate him, albeit in a much taller version), but he does summon the spirit of the man.  He has the same kind of moral seriousness Murrow always managed.  I also like the idea of summoning the ghost of Murrow, easily the most respected journalist in the history of TV, to confront the spirit of the times.  Murrow would not only have detested the Bush administration with every ounce of his being, he would have been outraged by the utter decay of journalistic integrity and a world in which FOX News was not an automatic joke.  A minor point of personal pride:  I grew up in Arkansas and attended the John L. McClellan High School in Little Rock.  One of the few people with sufficient nerve to stand up to McCarthy was John L. McClellan.  The film features an extensive archival footage featuring a long interchange between McCarthy and McClellan, the latter obviously outraged by McCarthy's excesses.  If one looks carefully, one will see a very young John F. Kennedy sitting beside McClellan.     