 This could also have been entitled "The Comeback Kid."  Though the initial purpose of this documentary on the life and career of famed producer Robert Evans was perhaps to act as a nice coda to a colorful riches to rags story, in fact it has served to put Evans back in the public eye and revive his career as a producer.  Only five years ago Evans was largely a forgotten man, but today he has a number of projects underway.  No doubt this is in part due to having his various legal problems behind him, but clearly his memoir, which was then made into this documentary, played a major role.  THE KID STAYS IN THE PICUTRE is not your typical documentary.  For one thing, the only person who talks to the camera is the subject of the film.  This is hardly a mea culpa or apologia.  It is more of a warts and all self-affirmation of everything Evans has experienced in his career.  Much is left out.  There is surprisingly little detail on his love life excepting his romance with Ali McGraw, which was clearly the dominant relationship of his life.  But there is a frank acknowledgment of many errors made combined with an attitude that could be summed up, "Well, I made a mess, but at least it was my mess."  The heart of the film concerns Evans's triumphs as a producer.  Certainly few producers not named Weinstein have been involved in so many remarkable films.  ROSEMARY'S BABY, LOVE STORY, THE GODFATHER, CHINATOWN, MARATHON MAN, and THE COTTON CLUB are only a few of the many films he was involved on.  There are many fascinating stories about many of these, though for me the most fascinating was the behind the scenes footage taken during the filming of ROSEMARY'S BABY.  Another great moment is the short film that Evans made for the corporate powers that be who wanted to pull the plug on THE GODFATHER.  Almost as important as Evans as a character in the film is his beautiful home.  There is shot after shot of the grounds and the film finally ends with the only contemporary shot of Evans in the documentary, showing him sitting inside simply being Robert Evans.  If the film has a nadir, it comes when Evans was forced to sell his beloved home to a wealthy foreigner.  When he wanted to repurchase the home the man wouldn't agree to do so.  But Evans's friend Jack Nicholson took matters in his own hands and flew to visit the man, literally getting on his knees to beg him to sell the house back to Evans.  He relented and one of the most touching moments in the movie was the camera zooming in on the welcome home card that Nicholson wrote Evans.  All in all, film fans will find this to be an interesting and highly entertaining documentary.  Evans has had a colorful life, making his share of mistakes, suffering his share of both really great and truly awful luck, but sticking it out.  And partly because of this film, the kid did manage to stay in the picture, and his name will unquestionably appear on a few more films in the years to come.     