 By an standard ARRESTED DEVELOPMENT has to go down as one of the finest comedy series in American television history.  Probably no other comedy series has had such a superb large ensemble cast with every member performing to absolute perfection.  Despite the large cast, there isn't a weak or nonessential link in the group.  The writing simply is about as good as writing can get and the visual brilliance generated by the editors and writers has no parallel in American comedy.  And it is funny!  Intensely funny!  Furthermore, the show has garnered a shelf full of Emmys and probably would have won its second straight Emmy for Best Comedy if viewers hadn't felt nostalgic for the rather bland EVERYBODY LOVES RAYMOND's final season.    So why isn't this one of the biggest hits on TV?  Why hasn't it been celebrated for the masterpiece it is?  And why has FOX ordered only a tiny handful of episodes for its third season, almost certainly indicating its cancellation after this season?  Certainly FOX's failure to support it fully is partly to blame.  FOX is easily the network I hate and detest the most.  I have so much ill will towards the network right now that I don't know if I will ever think of it without rancor.  It is one of the best if not the best network at developing interesting and innovative and original shows of the highest quality.  Yet is frequently fails to support its shows.  DARK ANGEL, FIREFLY, THE FAMILY GUY (though it was reprieved a couple of years after cancellation), and WONDERFALLS are merely four superb shows of the past five years that FOX showed only to cancel prematurely.  ARRESTED DEVELOPMENT now seems certain to be the next distinguished show to get axed.  How does it say about a network that would cancel a series that is not only its finest comedy but also quite probably the finest half hour comedy on TV?  Like I said, FOX is easily the network I hate the most and I rarely allow myself to watch series on the network now because I'm afraid that if I get involved FOX will pull the plug.  But there is a second question:  Why aren't the ratings any better for the show?  There is widespread speculation that the show might be too intelligent for casual, less involved viewers.  Over the past thirty-five years the public has embraced a few very intelligent comedies, including ALL IN THE FAMILY, THE MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW, CHEERS, and SEINFELD.  But it has also failed to embrace some marvelous comedies like this one and ANDY RICHTER CONTROLS THE UNIVERSE, while at the same time going wild over more or less bland shows like FRIENDS and EVERYBODY LOVES RAYMOND.  I have no firm opinion here, but I do worry that we might be a nation that refuses to embrace the truly smart shows.  BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER, probably the finest hour long show of the past decade, at its peak pulled in only a very small audience.  Maybe Americans as a whole do not like very smart shows.  On the other hand, LOST, a very smart show indeed, has a massive audience.  Perhaps the answer is a combination of factors.  The one thing that is certain is that if ARRESTED DEVELOPMENT is indeed allowed to die, as seems likely, it will be a massive lost.  As the nation as a whole gradually discovers the show through the wonderful DVD sets, more and more people will perhaps ask, "How was such an incredible show allowed to die?"  A few years ago NBC coined the expression "Must See TV," a phrase that became a bit of a joke as many wags said that most of the shows it refered to was "Must Flee TV."  But if there is a Must See comedy on TV today, this is it.  By any standard this is marvelous television.  A growing number of individuals have come to believe that TV has finally begun to exploit its innate potential and begun in a great number of instances to surpass movies as the great medium for visual narrative.  Certainly ARRESTED DEVELOPMENT is one of the shows that bolsters the case for anyone so arguing.     