 Although John Ford is the most celebrated director of Westerns in cinema history, Anthony Mann comes very close to being his coequal.  Although Mann directed no single film as superb as either STAGECOACH or THE SEARCHERS, the string of outstanding Westerns he made in the fifties, most notably with Jimmy Stewart, surpass the work of any director not named Ford.  THE TIN STAR is far from his best film from this period, but the fact that he made six or seven that were better shows how completely he mastered the genre.  The main Anthony Mann actor was, of course, Jimmy Stewart, but in THE TIN STAR Mann turned to Stewart's best friend Henry Fonda to play an experienced bounty hunter.  When he brings the corpse of a fugitive he was forced to kill to a town sheriff in order to collect the reward money, he finds himself pulled into the affairs of the town.  He befriends first the small boy of a local widow, then the widow, and eventually the town sheriff, played by Anthony Perkins a few years before PSYCHO.  The relationship between Fonda, the ex-sheriff and veteran bounty hunter, and the idealistic and determined but inexperienced Perkins is very much a mentoring one, with the former gradually imparting the lessons necessary to succeed in his vocation.  It is a very circumscribed story and as a whole less ambitious than Mann's other films.  The film is filled with a number of talented character actors, including WW II war hero Neville Brand, who was one of the great heavies of the era.  John McIntire, who specialized in underhanded and shifty town leaders in his long career, here plays a 75-year-old kindly town doctor (McIntire was in his forties at the time).  Lee Van Cleef shows up as one of the bad guys of the film.  I found this as a whole to be a step below Mann's usual Westerns in part because of the lack of depth with which the psychological aspects of the story are dealt.  We understand that Fonda's character has withdrawn from life because of personal disappointment, but it isn't made clear why he is able to reestablish connections in this one.  In other Mann Westerns, much or most of the delight is watching the central character struggle with an inner transformation.  Jimmy Stewart in THE NAKED SPUR goes through emotional and psychological chances that we can watch on the screen.  The difference might lie in the two actors.  For all his talent, Fonda tended to present a poker face, while Stewart could register all sorts of inner turmoil on his face.  I am not arguing that Stewart is a better actor than Fonda, but that his particular strengths might have been better suited to this kind of role than Fonda's.  Nonetheless, this is a first rate Western that any fan of the genre or of Fonda or of Anthony Mann should definitely catch.     