 .... Let me make one thing as clear as possible:  YOU CAN HATE BILL CLINTON AND STILL THINK THIS BOOK IS ACCURATE!!!  A person could give this book a five star review and still think that Bill Clinton should have been removed from office.  This book critiques Clinton's opponents as being unfair, devious, and corrupt, but that does not automatically mean that Clinton is the second coming of Gandhi. ....    Conason and Lyons meticulously explain how a group of people who detested Bill Clinton set out to destroy the Clinton presidency.  Some of these individuals did this because they viewed Clinton as the embodiment of evil.... What results from Conason and Lyons's investigation is a portrait of mass delusion.... What I found depressing in the book was the extent to which supposedly moral individuals ...and many leading Republicans were willing to knowingly lie and mislead the press and the public about Clinton, for the sole purpose of trying to destroy him.... What Conason and Lyons show is that there was indeed a massive amount of lying, plotting, deception, exploitation, subterfuge, illegality, pandering, colluding, and manipulation, but virtually none of it by Clinton.  Instead, Clinton's rabid opponents came to embody all the qualities that they were convinced were true of Clinton. In one way, the most depressing part of the book was the way the press itself was duped by Clinton's critics, but completely failed to cover these stories in accurate fashion.  ...it is astonishing in reading this book to see how frequently journalists for major newspapers and magazines simply got it all wrong.   Despite being depressing, this is a fascinating read.  Some of the stories would have been funny divorced from the total context.... I highly recommend this book to anyone interested in recent American politics.  And it is of equal value to both those who liked Clinton and those who hated him.  I have no beef with anyone who hates Clinton.  But I think it is important that he be hated for real, and not illusory, reasons.  More importantly, I think the book is important as a reflection on where politics has gone in America.  ... One complaint about the book.  While the authors certainly do not portray Clinton as a saint, and very definitely indicate errors that he made while in office, I wish that they had dealt a little more fully with the question of whether ANY of the claims made about Clinton both in his years in Arkansas or Washington.  Unquestionably, his moral flaws were bizarrely distorted by his critics.  But to what extent did he have a problem involving himself with women.  Perhaps the authors felt that this was not a proper question to deal with.  But it is a natural question that will arise on the part of anyone reading this book.     