 Note:  Insert standard spoiler warning of your choice here!  Season Six of BUFFY is the show's most controversial by far.  Sarah Michelle Gellar has stated that she found the mid-season episodes between her and Spike to be degrading and unpleasant and many fans would agree with her.  This was the season that Joss Whedon left the show as the day-to-day show runner and turned over the reins to Marti Noxon, though he nonetheless remained deeply involved with the show, supervising the story arcs and individual episodes, as well as writing and directing several episodes.    There is no question that Season Six contained some very memorable moments.  There is also little question that the season had some weak episodes--especially at around the two-thirds mark--as well as some not-very-popular story arcs.  The least popular aspects of the show was the self-destructive tendencies and actions of all the major characters and the lameness of the show's "big bads," the geek threesome known as The Trio.  But in fact, the Big Bad of Season Six is each individual against him or herself.  Buffy, struggling with her inadvertent removal from heaven by Willow, suffers economic difficulties, eventually taking a fast food job, eventually numbing herself with a demeaning sexual relationship with Spike.  Willow becomes more and more addicted to using magic, to the point that it first threatens to destroy her relationships and eventually the world.  Xander, fearful that his impending marriage to Anya cold lead to the same kind of family that he grew up in, leaves Anya a the altar.  Anya, crushed by being deserted by Xander, reverts to being a vengeance demon.  Dawn's kleptomania gets out of control until the others discover her problem.  Giles makes an error by going back to England, imagining that Buffy needs to learn to live on her own.  Only Tara does not engage in self-destructive behavior, but her accidental killing spurs Willow's killing spree at the end of the season.  The season's motto could be:  We have met the enemy and he is us.  There are titular villains.  Warren, the robot-constructing geek from Season Five's "I Was Made to Love You," Jonathan, the geek who first appeared in the BUFFY pilot (he was considered for the role of Xander before Nicholas Brendon got the job), and Andrew, whose brother was involved in a flying monkey incident no one seems to remember, team up to take over Sunnydale.  They are uber dorks, obsessed with the whole panoply of comic book culture and Star War action figures.  Though them manage to pull off some stunts, apart from Warren's accidental killing of both his ex-girlfriend and Willow, they are a pretty silly lot.  They are more like perpetual comic relief.  BUFFY was always trying to do new things and I applaud them for doing so (the effort to always be fresh was one of the reasons it was such a great show), but I think it is safe to say that having them as the Big Bads was a bit of a mistake.  In the end, their greatest contribution was in providing victims for Willow's rampage at season's end.  Indeed, the single most horrifying moment in the history of the show had to be the terrible instance in which Willow, after catching and briefly torturing Warren for killing Tara, magically removes his entire epidermis.  Not just on BUFFY, apart from some moments in THE SOPRANOS, I know no more terrible instance in the history of TV.  Clearly they wanted to demonstrate just how far Willow had gone.  Although the season's story arcs were not especially satisfying, there were a number of unforgettable episodes.  The season begins with a great sequence of episodes, as Willow with the assistance of Tara, Xander, and Anya raise Buffy, who had died a mystical death at the end of Season Five, from the dead.  Their fear, based largely on Angel's being sent to a hell dimension at the end of Season Two, was that Buffy was suffering unspeakable torture in a different hell dimension.  But we later learn that she was, in fact, in a place of great peace and repose, a place she could only describe as "heaven."  The first six episodes see Buffy struggling to deal with her return to a place that now felt like hell.  All these early episodes, even if not strong all the way through, contain at least some great moments.  Then come Episodes 7 and 8, not just the best episodes of the season, but among the best in the run of the show.  "Once More, with Feeling" is often cited as the very best episode of BUFFY, and to those who wish the show had ended at the end of Season Five, my response is always, "Would you really have wanted for there never to have been "Once More, With Feeling?"  This was the musical episode and while many shows have attempted musical episodes, this one stands far above what any other show has either attempted or achieved.  What is amazing is how fine the episode was despite not having a world of musical talent on the show.  Only Anthony Stewart Head (who had taken over the lead in THE ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW in London in the original production and sung on albums by his brother Murray, the original Judas in JESUS CHRIST, SUPERSTAR), James Marsters (who headed his own rock band), and Amber Benson (who played Tara) had especially good voices.  Though not a trained singer, Sarah Michelle Gellar nonetheless acquitted herself quite well both singing and dancing, and Michelle Trachtenberg, though not a singer, put her dance training to good use. Joss Whedon contributed a very fine group of songs.  In one of the best guest appearances in the run of the show, veteran Broadway hoofer Hinton Battle (perhaps best known as the Scarecrow in the entire run of THE WIZ on Broadway) played the demon Sweet, who was accidentally summoned to Sunnydale, and who was responsible for the singing and dancing afflicting everyone.  The most amazing thing about the episode was the way that the songs advanced every story arc in the show and greatly accelerated the action.  The best songs were Buffy's Disneyesque "Going Through the Motions" that started the episode; Tara's singing of "Under Your Spell" to Willow (ironic in that she learned she was literally being controlled by Willow through magic); Spike's passionate expression of his love/hate for Buffy in "Rest in Peace"; the wonderful duet between Tara and Giles; and the great production number that preceded the battle-that-never-occurred with Sweet, "Walk Through the Fire."  Not should also be made of Anya's great bit in an early group number in which the Scoobies are trying to figure out why everyone is singing and dancing.  After singing that she has a theory that it "must be bunnies," the group very ignores her only to have her scream in a great hard rock voice:  Bunnies aren't just cute like everybody supposed They got them hoppy legs and twitchy little noses And what's with all the carrots? What do they need such good eyesight for anyway? Bunnies!  Bunnies!  It must be bunnies!  The popularity of the episode can be seen in the fact that it is the only episode to have its script published separately and the soundtrack has been released on compact disc.    "Once More, with Feeling" was followed by "Tabula Rasa," probably the funniest episode ever on BUFFY.  After Tara catches Willow manipulating their relationship through the use of magic, Willow complicates things by attempting once more to make them all forget that she had used magic to control others.  But the spell misfires and instead everyone in the group, including Willow, forgets who they are.  The scene in which everyone tries to figure out who they are is a classic, the best part being Spike, who has been going about in a dreadful suit as a disguise to escape a loan shark (a demon with literally the head of a shark, the only really awful note in an otherwise stunning episode), deciding that his is Giles's son and that his name is Randy.  When Buffy finds no ID, she tellingly decides that everyone should call her Joan, with echoes of St. Joan in her choice.    Unfortunately, while there are few out and out bad episodes, there are few absolutely stunning episodes until the ones that end the season.  The one major exception is "Normal Again," which resembles many of the alternative reality stories of Philip K. Dick.  Buffy is injected with some venom by a demon she fights, and the result is that she imagines that she is actually in a mental institution where she has been fantasizing for several years that she was a vampire slayer in a town called Sunnydale.  Or is reality breaking through to make her cease fantasizing for a while.  We fans, of course, can't imagine that all six seasons were a delusion, but it is nonetheless a brilliant episode.    Although I don't believe that this is one of BUFFY's best seasons, I can't give this less than five stars simply because even during this season BUFFY remained one of the most brilliant shows on TV.  Not everything in the season succeeded, but they nevertheless continually strove to produce a special show.  The show took risks; they never played things safe.  The problem with taking risks is that sometimes things don't work out.  Still, all in all this was a season with more to delight over than to regret.     