 I have to preface my review by pointing out how utterly bizarre it was in watching this show to see the episode in which Byers and his father get on a plane to foil a devious plot, only to find themselves on a plane that hijackers are intending to use as a bomb to ram . . . one of the towers of the World Trade Center.  The episode was originally broadcast in the spring of 2001, which lends the episode an air of eeriness that is almost overwhelming.  One simply can't watch this episode and respond to it as one would to a normal television episode.  It just touches on too many raw nerves and seems to be prophesying the horrors that were to follow only a few months later.  Even as the pilot regains control of the plane and manages to barely miss the tower, one almost has the feeling that there wasn't much of a point; others in the near future would succeed where these television villains failed.  The two or three minutes in which it appears the WTC is going to be rammed is without question one of the strangest moments--if not the strangest--in television history.  That bizarre episode apart, this is a highly enjoyable series that will primarily be of interest to fans of THE X-FILES. Byers, Langley, and Frohike were all, of course, regular guests on that show, almost always in comic relief, sometimes as more.  They were what novelist E. M. Forster in his ASPECTS OF THE NOVEL called "flat" characters, rather one-dimensional characters incapable of any actual development or change.  It isn't impossible for "flat" characters to alter and become "round" characters.  Cordelia in BUFFY starts off as the flattest of flat characters, but by the end of her time on that series and definitely by her reemergence on ANGEL, she was a marvelously round character.  Ditto Wesley in his transition from BUFFY to ANGEL.  The question in looking at THE LONE GUNMEN was going to be:  will the guys cease being flat and become round characters?  The answer is that they did not.  Moreover, it seems unlikely that had the show stayed on that they would have become "rounder."  The fundamental problem is that the Lone Gunmen, as delightful as they always were to see on THE X-FILES, were essentially comic relief, and the spin off series never managed to find a plausible means for them to become much more.  Mind you, I love the guys, and whenever I saw them on the parent show I was delighted to see them.  It didn't help that they had their own comic relief in the person of Jimmy Bond, whose nave yet upbeat devotion to their cause made him seem a large yet well trained puppy.  A foil in the person of the beautiful free lance secret agent Yves Adele Harlow didn't help too much.  So, in the end the show was not terribly successfully because the central conception underlying the characters on the show didn't work.  Despite a flawed central concept, this was despite all this a frequently entertaining show.  After all, much of the talent behind THE X-FILES was behind this show.  The writing is always at least competent, and if there isn't a single episode that stands out like a host of episodes on THE X-FILES.  I had a good time watching ever episode, though never did I experience the kind of excitement that I did watching THE X-FILES.  The connection with THE X-FILES is interesting.  The guys mention to characters on the show connections they have with the FBI and sometimes mention a character by name, but there is less crossover than one might expect.  Assistant Director Skinner appears as a character in one episode and Michael McKean's Morris Fletcher, who was in a pair of memorable episodes at the beginning of Season Six of THE X-FILES, appears in a single episode of THE LONE GUNMEN.  But one would have expected a few more guest appearances, in particular by Gillian Anderson and perhaps Robert Patrick or even David Duchovny.  Most interesting of all, THE LONE GUNMEN doesn't share much of the worldview of THE X-FILES.  Government conspiracy plays virtually no role in THE LONE GUNMEN, which is striking given its preeminence.  Personally, I think this is a good thing.  As someone who trusts the government vastly more than I do the good intentions of corporate America, I always thought the distrust of government that was a theme of THE X-FILES probably did its share to encourage the goals of the far right (ironic, because most of the people involved in THE X-FILES are left-leaning).  Even more surprising, THE LONE GUNMEN's universe is a decidedly nonsupernatural one, with neither paranormal activity nor alien presences.    In summary, this is not a bad show, but it is going to appeal almost exclusively to fans of THE X-FILES for whom it will primarily function as a means to get a few more episodes with a few of the supporting characters who made that show one of the finest the medium has ever experienced.     