 WARNING:  Multiple spoilers!  I first discovered the world of FIREFLY upon the release of the DVD set and had been anxiously awaiting the release of the feature film since I first learned two years ago that it was going to be made, even suffering this past spring when they moved the release date from April to September.  I am ecstatic to report that it was worth the wait and I can't imagine even the most tepid fan of the series being at all disappointed with the film  At the end of the series, which was cancelled without the initial story arcs being resolved, and which in most probability show up in the feature film, I was left with three main questions:  1) what would have happened with Mal and Inara, 2) just precisely what was the deal with River, and 3) what was the secret of Shepherd Book's background.  The film only deals with the second of the three questions in full and merely hints at the first.  As the series ended, Inara, after she and Mal had pretty much confessed that they had strong feelings for one another, indicated that she was going to leave Serenity.  The movie starts back up with her gone, but not back to the life of a companion, but to what Mal would call the Whore Academy, presumably as an instructress.  In watching the show, most of the romantic interest of the series focused on whether the two would hook up, and the film ends with Inara back on Serenity, obviously loathe to leave, though with her and Mal's status not at all defined.  Unfortunately, it is unlikely that any answers will ever be forthcoming about Book for reasons that are made obvious to anyone seeing the movie.  The structure for FIREFLY was given, however, not by romance, but by the question of precisely who River Tam was, what the Alliance had done to her, and why they were so intent on recapturing her.  At the end of the series we knew only a little about her, that she possessed some kind of psychic ability, that she was physically agile, that she was a genius, and that she had been shattered by her experiences.  We had gotten glimpses of what she was capable of, such as memorably shooting three soldiers at a distance with a handgun with her eyes closed, or dispatching of a bounty hunter who had overcome all the other crew members in a way that suggested she found it a mildly diverting game.  Here we get the complete version, seeing everything she is capable of, going into a bar and battering everyone in it in a few seconds, including Jayne, who proved to be no match for the tiny girl.  But it leaves Mal and the others with the question of whether she was only a weapon or also a human being.  Summer Glau, whose first acting job came on ANGEL when Joss Whedon needed a professional ballerina for an episode, does a good job as River.  The role is more about movement and posture than anything and choosing a dancer for the part was a great decision.  Her ability to move is key to her success in the role and is crucial to her fight scenes being so believable.  The film is much, much darker than the series, darker even than the way Mal was portrayed in the series premiere (not as broadcast but as it appears on the DVD set).  Jayne says before they hold up a bank, "Let's go be bad guys," and in a way they do.  Of course, by the end of the film Mal's suppressed idealism comes back and the crew ends doing something rather heroic in the name of the truth.  The movie is also dark because of all the reavers.  Not only there lots of reavers, we learn the secret of their origin and how this is entangled with precisely why the Alliance is so desperate to find River.  As fans of Joss Whedon know, he loves a good body count (I once counted a total of seventeen significant deaths on BUFFY and ANGEL) and SERENITY is not exception.  Not all the crew survives and indeed at one point it wasn't obvious that any would.    All in all, this is the most fun I've had watching a movie in a long, long time.  I honestly can compare the fun to other experiences such as seeing STAR WARS for the first time or THE RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK.  The plot was rich and fun and the action sequences were plentiful and delightful.  Chiwetel Ejiofor was absolutely splendid as The Agent, the man without a name or security number who sought the capture of River in order to create, as he imagines it, a better world.  Whedon loves to play with viewer's expectations in his various projects, and the way he handles The Agent is no exception.  The sets were marvelous throughout and frankly I liked the way the film made outer space look much better than George Lucas did in THE PHANTOM MENACE.  In the latter special effects were employed with something approaching baroque excess while in SERENITY they are used only so far as they are necessary to tell the story.  Also, the film was filled with the marvelous one-liners that seem to permeate the script.  So what's next?  A renewal of the TV series is banned because of the 12-year TV ban that was part of the deal they struck with Universal in getting the film made.  The word is that the studio hoped to make a trilogy of films depending on how well the film does at the box office.  The first weekend the film has done well though not spectacularly.  Luckily, Whedon brought the film in under budget and under time, two considerations that are of major significance.  My own guess is that the film is going to do well enough for Universal to pick up the option for another film.  Just have DVD sales for the series has been astonishingly high, so I would expect the DVD sales to be superb.  With Whedon's productions far more popular in Europe and the UK than in the US, the film should do exceptionally well on the international box office.  I expect that in the end it will turn enough of a profit to demand a second film.  Besides, we need to see how things turn out between Mal and Inara.     