 To his credit, Garry Wills is in this book determined to focus most of his attentions on President James Madison rather than Founder James Madison.  The temptation with Madison is always to focus on his profoundly important contributions to the U.S. Constitution instead of his two terms as president.  As a constitutionalist, Madison held the distinction of being both the primary framer of the Constitution and actual writer of much of it, and being by far the most important person in the composition of the Bill of Rights.  Interestingly, little of this was known about Madison during his own life time.  As Wills points out, after Washington and Franklin, Madison was probably the next most important person in the creation of the United States (though I would add Jefferson to the list to create a quartet), but this would not have been obvious to his contemporaries.  Even his role as one of the writers of the Federalist Papers was unknown.  Madison as president, however, was a terrible disappointment.  While his abilities in framing and creating the constitution incontestably make him one of the half dozen most important figures in U.S. History, he was at best an average president.  In fact, his accomplishments as president can only be dealt with negatively.  His lone achievements are what he did not do, not what he actually did.  As Wills argues at the end, he did not engage in widespread violations of civil rights while waging the War of 1812, as many subsequent presidents would do, both major presidents such as Abraham Lincoln, Woodrow Wilson, and Franklin Roosevelt, and lesser presidents such as Richard Nixon, and much, much lesser presidents like George W. Bush.  Unlike Lincoln, Madison did not suspend habeas corpus and unlike Wilson did not make criticism of the government a jailable crime.  Furthermore, although he signally failed in all of the central aims of his administration both in going to war and in everything else, he proved that a republic grounded in a spirit of a popular democracy could nonetheless wage a war.  The most interesting part of the book came near the end, when in a few brief pages Wills made some powerful and cogent arguments concerning the role that modernism had on the Madison terms of office.  There is a fundamental tension in American politics that is expressed in a number of paired yet opposing ideas:  freedom versus liberty, a strong federal government versus a weak central government, and "the people" versus states` rights.  These inevitably lead to apparent contradictions, such as Jefferson's stated dislike of a strong central government, but his dramatic increase in the power of the executive branch.  Likewise, Madison creates a constitution that centers national authority in a strong federal, but then as a member of Congress gradually moves more and more to a states' rights position, before as president dramatically increasing the importance and power of the federal and executive powers.  Over and over in American history we see varying attempts to struggle with these issues.  Lincoln saw himself as a Jeffersonian, yet believed strongly in a strong federal government and a weak local government.  Similar to the arguments of Herbert Croly in THE PROMISE OF AMERICAN LIFE, Woodrow Wilson felt that Jeffersonian democracy could only be sustained by a very strong federal that could resist and fight the exploitative tendencies of trusts and corporations, and argued that Jefferson himself would have advocated a strong central government had he foreseen the effects of mass industrialization and the rise of the modern corporation.  Madison found himself despite his ideals relying more and more on new elites, an idea that was anathema to Republicans (that is old school Republicans, that actually became the Democratic party under Andrew Jackson and Martin Van Buren).  But Wills notes that these were not the elites that the Federalists envisioned leading the United States.  Hamilton, for instance, yearned for an America led by its wealthiest and highest born.  Under Madison privilege eventually came to play no role and being well born or of good blood was vastly less important than being effective and efficient at what one did.  Therefore, the hapless generals, almost all political appointments, who led the nation early in the war, gave way to talented generals such as Andrew Jackson by the end.  Wills implies that Jefferson and Madison did not understand that the nation could rely upon elite leadership that rose to that position based on merit and talent rather than privilege and entitlement (a situation unfortunately reversed in the late 20th and early 21st centuries).  This is a remarkably solid little biography, another superb entry into the finest series of short presidential biographies ever to be published.  I personally think that Wills wants to rate Madison a bit too high.  Based merely on his performance, I think he falls pretty much into the middle of the pack of presidents.  As a Founder, he is of massive importance, but I think Wills falls into the temptation of nearly ever author in this series of books to rate their subject just a bit higher than they deserve (except for the Buchanan volume--whose author admits that he might be our worst executive).  Still, absolutely no one can fail to benefit from this.     