 I tremendously enjoyed this PBS series on the first forty-one men to serve as president from Washington to Clinton (although Clinton was the forty-second president Cleveland was both the twenty-second and twenty-fourth president, throwing the total off by one).  Far and away the most enjoyable aspect was pulling from a host of visual imagery of the presidents.  There are a host of photos of the White House and the Capitol from sources contemporaneous with the particular president under discussion as well as paintings or photos or film, depending on the era the president lived.  For instance, they show some fascinating photos of Andrew Jackson, the first president of whom we have such a record.  All in all, one's knowledge of history will be greatly enhanced.  Nonetheless, this is more in the line of infotainment than the true study of history.  Even for the television documentary the treatment of each president is rather slight.  Contrast this series with, say, Ken Burns's documentary on Lincoln or even the sketchier one on Jefferson.  The weakness of the series is seen in the treatment of the more important presidents.  For instance, the treatment of Woodrow Wilson left an enormous amount of truly crucial material out, such as the numerous invasions of Latin America he ordered or his actively racist policies.  Wilson is a great president, but it is despite such aspects of his presidency.  It is simply impossible given the format of the series--devoting a bit less than fifteen minutes to each president--to do justice to the vast majority of American presidents.  The space is enough to do approximate justice to someone like Zachary Taylor, but how can you do justice to the mystery that was Richard Nixon in the same span?  People will quibble with the treatment of individual presidents.  For instance, I strongly agree with those who see Reagan as a poor president, a perspective this show assumes without emphasizing (Richard Neustadt's comments show that he is far from a fan of the Gipper), but a significant minority of Americans thinks he was a great president.  But most presidents are beyond partisan bickering.  Most of the issues that divided Americans at the time of the individual presidents simply don't fit in contemporary frameworks.  If I were transported back in time, just how would I stand on the need for a national bank?  Or if Jefferson were magically transported today and he saw the dangers inherent in a society where a weak federal government was faced with powerful trusts, would he still hold to his ideal of a small federal government?  Teddy Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson thought he would not.  But the point is that most presidents are not partisan icons like Reagan.  Another negative on the show was the choice of many of the people to perform the voices of the various presidents.  Why was the somnolent William F. Buckley chosen to voice the high-pitched, highly animated Teddy Roosevelt?  While Buckley was the worse, many other performers simply seemed inappropriate for the president they voiced.  I think the show would have been enhanced if they had asked more gifted individuals to participate.    I really did enjoy this series, but I do feel the need to voice one more complaint.  For the life of me I can't understand why they attempted--somewhat weakly--to arrange the presidents topically or thematically rather than chronologically.  I personally think the latter would have dramatically improved the series.  For one thing, it would have given a far stronger sense of how the presidency evolved over time.  Moreover, many of the presidents overlapped with those administrations that went before.  I think they would have been able to pack more real content into the show by beginning with Washington and ending with Clinton.    Nonetheless, this is a good series with a lot to offer.  There is only one commentator, but fortunately that is one of the premiere presidential scholars of recent decades, the late, great Richard Neustadt, who died a couple of years after the series.  Few individuals possess a more wide-ranging or deeper understanding of the presidency than Neustadt and this serves as a fine reminder of how prescient he was in understanding the office.  The actual information on each president tended to be highly accurate.  Viewers might argue with particular assessments, but rarely can they dispute particular facts.  Any sins were sins of omission, not of commission.    Anyone with any degree of interest in American history is going to find this series rewarding and highly entertaining.  It isn't anywhere near as educational as reading a good presidential biography like Doris Kearns Goodwin's NO ORDINARY TIME on FDR or a study of the presidency like Richard Neustadt's PRESIDENTIAL POWER AND THE MODERN PRESIDENTS, but it is probably more entertaining and educating in its own way.     