 For the vast majority of us, Gillian Anderson is indistinguishable as an actress from Secret Agent Scully.  Think of one, and you think of the other.  But THE HOUSE OF MIRTH is potent evidence that THE X-FILES might be more of a hindrance for Anderson at this stage in her career than a help.  Her performance in this film is nothing short of a revelation, marking her as one of the very finest actresses that we have today.  She needs and deserves more roles like this in the future; for her not to get them will be our loss as much as hers. Apart from Gillian Anderson, everything about the film is solid and excellent, but the movie succeeds or fails as Ms. Anderson succeeds or fails.  Luckily, she is fabulous, and makes the movie.  One cannot help but feel her intense suffering, and the difficulty of her situation.  Both this film and THE AGE OF INNOCENCE)and even more so the Wharton novels upon which they are based) do a great job of making one feel the narrowness and hypocrisy of New York society at the turn of the previous century.  I will add that I did find Anderson's performance to be better than the rest of the film.  I would actually give the film as a whole 4 stars, but her performance elevates it to 5. The supporting cast is quite excellent for the most part.  Laura Linney is appropriately reprehensible in her role, and Eric Stoltz as excellent as always.  I loved seeing Elizabeth McGovern in this one, and have always wondered why we don't see her in more films.  Anythony LaPaglia was excellent as Sim Rosedale, one of the more complex and interesting characters in the film.  Ironically, although through most of the film one of the more apparently coldhearted and calculating characters, he ends up being one of the few to take genuine concern with our heroine's plight. Interesting bit of trivia:  anyone who has seen THE LAST OF THE MOHICANS will recall the very beautiful actress who played Madeleine Stowe's sister, who struck more than one reviewer as bearing a stunning resemblence to Botticelli's Venus.  In THE HOUSE OF MIRTH, as difficult as it may be to believe, the same actress, Johdi May, plays the somewhat homely and quite bitter Grace Stepney.     