 MacDonald is rightfully considered one of the three great hardboiled detective novelists (along with Hammett and Chandler).  Rereading this novel confirmed what I thought the first time I read it:  this is the best detective novel that I have ever read.     It is also the most appropriately titled novel that I have ever encountered.  The first time I read this I was lying in the sun beside the Adler Planetarium in Chicago.  When I reached the moment when the mystery was solved, a chill literally ran up my spine.  One of the truly creepy moments of my life.  Hyperbole rules among reviewers here, but this one would get a higher rating if I were allowed.   I have read most of MacDonald novels, despite the fact that I really don't spend much time reading mystery or detective fiction.  His earliest books are good, but not great.  But about four or five novels into the Lew Archer series MacDonald (in real life Professor Kenneth Millar, and husband of fellow mystery writer Margaret Millar)found his voice and his theme.  In all his best books the theme is:  the sins of the father shall be visited upon the second and third generations (I didn't check my OT for a more precise quotation).  A typical plot from his best novels is as follows:  Archer is asked to look into this or that problem (a person has disappeared, has left, is being plagued by someone, etc., etc.).  Gradually upon conducting his investigation his role shifts from detective to archaeologist, until he eventually discovers the troubles that he has been asked to look into have causes reaching back ten, twenty, or even fifty years.  The seed planted by an act decades earlier has sprouted in the present, destroying those who are otherwise innocent.  (MacDonald always reminds me of Yeats's "Leda and the Swan," where Zeus's rape of Leda will eventually result in the birth of Helen and all the tragedy of Troy:  "A shudder in the loins engenders there/The broken wall, the burning roof and tower/And Agamemnon dead.")   All of MacDonald is more than readable, but someone wanting to proceed from THE CHILL (which really is his finest work) should look at THE DROWNING POOL or THE INSTANT ENEMY.     