 The other day I was starving, and decided that what I needed more than anything was some Mexican food.  I found a fajita bar and restaurant, so I sauntered in and ordered some shrimp fajitas and a strawberry margarita, along with some nachos.  But the real treat was that the second I entered, the bartender put a CD of MOONDANCE on to play.  The next 45 minutes were utter ecstasy:  great food, good liquor, and utterly awesome music! A few years ago I lost a goodly portion of my record/CD collection, and one of the albums I lost was this one.  I replaced it shortly after leaving the restaurant I mentioned above.  I am somewhat surprised that it took me so long to think about replacing it.  I am one of those who believes that Van Morrison is one of the very best singers of the rock and roll era.  In fact, at his best I believe he might have been the best.  Others have had better natural voices, a greater range, more warmth, more tonality.  But Van has one thing that no other singer beats him at:  phrasing.  He is also one of the few singers (I have to confess that I can't think of a second one, but assume that there must be another) who can sing a ten minute song with no choruses or instrumental breaks and keeps it fascinating every inch of the way (just listen to him sing "Cyprus Avenue" or "Madame George" off ASTRAL WEEKS or "Listen to the Lion" off ST. DOMINIC'S PREVIEW).  The relatively short songs on MOONDANCE don't afford him the opportunity to show off his enormous phrasing abilities, but he nonetheless performs every song on the album flawlessly. Of all the great albums that Van did in the late sixties and early seventies (his greatest period, but I have to add that he has remained remarkably productive his entire career), this album is one of the more commercial that he did.  The songs are a bit less artsy, less poetic, and a lot closer to pop.  They are also a bit shorter than the songs on other albums of the same period, a bit brighter, and perhaps a bit more conservative.  But they are mavelous songs without exception.  Several of them are among the greatest songs that Van ever did.  But as great as the songs on this record, one stands out as among his greatest:  "Into the Mystic."  The words just before the song closes out are among the finest and wonderfully ironic in all of rock:  "It is too late to stop now." I would like to add one more thing.  The horns on this recording are just marvelous, and while on my liner notes no individual is credited for the arrangements, I am assuming that Van, since he was the producer, must have had a major role in the arrangements.  And a splendid job he did.  To me, there are several albums by Van Morrison that every serious rock fan should own.  The miracle is that as good as this one is, it is not his best.  That clearly belongs to ASTRAL WEEKS, which it probably one of the five greatest albums in all of rock.  But I can't imagine anyone not being utterly delighted with this super record.     