 There are very, very many really good things in this movie, but in the end it is marred by an inability to pull all the elements together as well as by a really weak ending.  Oh, and another weak link:  the depiction of God. God doesn't fare well in cinema history.  Nothing is harder in a movie than to represent God in compelling fashion.  Alanis Morrissette's cart wheeling Yahweh is easily one of the least convincing.  Even worse than Will Smith's turn as Bagger Vance AKA Jesus in another movie featuring Matt Damon.  Or George Burns in his incarnation as the I WHO I AM in a couple of dreadful films with John Denver.  In fact, I can think of only one truly moving portrayal of God in film:  Rex Ingram's "De Lawd" in GREEN PASTURES. This is a film of ideas, and if you don't like ideas, you won't like this film.  To me, Kevin Smith is at his best when putting ideas to use.  He is at his worst when engaging in physical humor or gross humor (the worst moment in the film--apart from Alana Morrissette's turn as the deity or the general ending) is the monster composed of feces).  Well, he is also good as sex jokes, though perhaps a few too many are made in the course of anyone film.   Also, the movie doesn't have a good pace, and sometimes lurches forward only to rock backwards again in a few minutes.  I suppose I echo the editorial review in saying that Kevin Smith writes brilliant scripts but isn't nearly as polished as a filmmaker. Moving to the good side of things. It is frequently really, really funny.  I laughed a lot, and a lot of the images in the film have really stuck with me.  Like the "Buddy Jesus" statue from the beginning.   The cast was, I thought, pretty strong, if slightly unexpected.  Not including Jay and Silent Bob (their showing up in a Kevin Smith film can hardly be termed unexpected), you get Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Linda Fiorentino (I have always had a massive crush on her), Jason Lee (the lead singer of the band in ALMOST FAMOUS, here playing a demon decked out in a splendid white suit), Salma Hayek, George Carlin, Janeane Garofalo (big crush on her also), Alan Rickman, and Chris Rock. The movie is neither overly disrespectful of God (I had several friends studying for the priesthood when I was at Yale Divinity School, and I am certain they would all have had a hoot watching this) nor iconoclastic.  Overall, I recommend this movie, and if you aren't expecting perfection, I think you will get a kick out of it. Kevin Smith themes:  in every one of his flicks, there are references to hockey and STAR WARS.  The former is fulfilled in obvious fashion with the hockey stick wielding punks.  The latter in having Carrie Fisher appear in a small role near the beginning of the film.  Keep a sharp eye out for her, or you might miss her.   PIECE OF TRIVIA:  the old fella who gets beat up at the beginning of the movie by the hockey stick wielding punks is Bud Cort, who had a small but memorable role in the movie M*A*S*H and the title role in the Robert Altman cult flick BREWSTER MCCLOUD.  Since DOGMA he has become pretty active as a supporting actor.     