 STARGATE SG-1 and BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER have one major thing in common:  both are highly successful television series based on far less successful television series.  STARGATE the movie had a fine initial premise for a Sci-Fi film, but it is a premise that actually lends itself more towards a television series.  The central idea is that a series of Stargates established by ancient aliens with a parasitic involvement with the human race, which they have enslaved and use as hosts, points more towards a serial narrative than a stand-alone narrative.  The very existence of a variety of Stargates establishes this.  This is one of those instances where a film has been reborn as a vastly more successful television series.    Considered entirely on its own, however, this is not a terribly successful film.  It suffers from multiple problems, though it also has a few successes.  In the plus column goes the overall concept, the excellent performance by James Spader as Daniel Jackson, many of the sets and much of the art design, and the wonderful score.  The negatives are, unfortunately, more numerous.  I like Kurt Russell and have always regretted that he has not been in more major productions, but his incredibly wooden performance here creates a major energy drag on the film.  I understand that he is playing burnt out case, but I don't think the attempt was very successful.  He was a leaden in this one as he was in SOLDIER, where he played a futuristic soldier that had had all his emotions programmed out.  Another serious casting problem was the use of Jaye Davidson in the role of Ra.  Davidson was amazingly effective in THE CRYING GAME as a transsexual, but he simply does not have the screen presence to be an effective film villain.  He is also an extremely tiny person (around 5'3) and his lack of stature necessitated his not being filmed very often in the same frame as the other actors.  He simply did not manage to come across as a sufficiently menacing presence.    By far the biggest problem with the film is the narrative.  The film works fine at first in laying out the existence of the Stargate and in showing Daniel Jackson at work in figuring out how it works, but once that is done the plot becomes fairly trite, as if they had come up with a premise but didn't really care what story they hung upon it.  As a result the second half of the film simply isn't very interesting.  To make matters worse, the final hour is poorly paced and directed.  In other words, the second half of the film told an uninteresting story badly.    Still, if one plans on watching the television series--and if one enjoys Sci-Fi I strongly encourage it--then seeing this movie is recommended.  It helps to know where the series came from.  It also explains the relationship between Daniel Jackson and Sha're as well as O'Neill and Jackson to Skaara.  But even on its own, while not a good film, it is not an out and out bad one.     