 In the nineteenth century the historical novel enjoyed the highest possible esteem.  William Thackery's historical fiction HENRY ESMOND and not VANITY FAIR was regarded by his contemporaries as his finest work, and it was routine for writers like Dickens in A TALE OF TWO CITIES and Tolstoy in WAR AND PEACE to write novels set in a different historical period.  In the twentieth century, however, as novelists began more often to fictionalize their own experiences and focus on the psychological make up of their characters and historian forged a more rigorously scientific form of historical research, historical fiction suffered a sharp decrease in critical respect.  To be sure, there were exceptions, whether Robert Graves writing about the Roman emperors in I, CLAUDIUS and CLAUDIUS THE GOD or in Patrick O'Brian's superb series of novels about the Royal Navy at the time of the Napoleonic Wars.  But these were exceptions and not the rule and even O'Brian garnered less respect than he would have in the 19th century.  All of this is to explain why Gore Vidal's superb series of novels that he calls Narratives of Empire have failed to achieve as much acclaim, as they deserve.  LINCOLN is in essence exceptionally accurate history encapsulated in the form of a novel.  I have read a spate of books on Lincoln and the Civil War and I was almost never able to fault his scholarship.  In a note following the conclusion of the novel he indicates that the manuscript was seen--and corrected--by no less an authority on Lincoln than David Herbert Donald, who is arguably the supreme authority on Lincoln of this age.  But accuracy would be an empty thing if the narrative were not enlivened by Vidal's remarkable skills as a writer.  He has a fascinating style, moving without transition from a scene with one group of characters at one point of time in one paragraph to another group at another time in the next.  The narrative fairly races along.     This is not a novelistic retelling of the entirety of Lincoln's life, but focuses instead exclusively on the period of his presidency.  The story begins with Lincoln's arrival in Washington and ends shortly after his assassination.  In fact, the subject matter is almost precisely the same as that covered by Doris Kearns Goodwin in her new book TEAM OF RIVALS:  THE POLITICAL GENIUS OF ABRAHAM LINCOLN.  The story Vidal wants to highlight is how Lincoln managed to hold together the Union despite widespread opposition to the War in the North and a cabinet that on the one hand imagined him to be a weak leader whom they could easily control and on the other filled with individuals who possessed presidential aspirations of their own.  Interestingly, the two finest demonstrations of Lincoln's leadership skills come not from the work of historians, but by novelists:  Vidal here and Shelby Foote in his depiction of Lincoln's extraordinary skills in his three-volume THE CIVIL WAR.    Though he is astonishingly faithful to the historical record, Vidal's greatest achievement is bringing to life in credible fashion a number of remarkable personalities in ways that are consistent with the historical record.  In reading about the war, I had of course read about Seward and Chase, but neither truly emerged as vivid personalities before.  Perhaps their biographers would disagree with the portraits Vidal paints, but for me whenever I read about either individual in the future, I will almost certainly do so through eyes of Vidal.  We live in an age that is obsessed with the notion of "political bias," an idea whose importance is, I think, outrageously overstated.  One either is faithful to the facts or not and your bias might make you lean one way or another, but it won't allow you to distort the facts unless you are being deliberately dishonest (I think of Ann Coulter's almost macabre depiction of Joseph McCarthy in her writing).  But given Vidal's well-known adherence to New Deal ideals, a word or two might be in order.  I was surprised at how politically evenhanded this book was.  In fact, if anything Vidal mutes the widespread belief of more contemporary Civil War historians that the conflict was overwhelmingly about slavery and instead presents the idea that it was more about states's rights (an idea that has been more and more discredited not merely by folks like James McPherson but Southern historians such as Shelby Foote).  Actually, this is Vidal's New Deal point of view coming forth, as previous generations sought to not offend Southern politicians by intimating the war was about the admittedly (today, that is) disgusting institution of slavery, which no one would defend, so much as it was about states's rights, which is, while wrong, not so outrageously indefensible.  In the New Deal, the Democratic Party functioned as an uneasy coalition of various groups, including labor, Northern progressives, and Southern populists.  With the Nixon strategy, the South has split off from the Democratic party (initially over civil rights issues) and those on the left have been more comfortable in speaking of the Civil War and its causes in more historically accurate terms.  I am, by the way, a Southerner, even if I today live in the Land of Lincoln, so I see this issues from both sides.  I recommend this novel in the strongest possible terms.  It is not just a very fine novel:  it is a great way to internalize history in a way that is rarely as possible in a straightforward historical account.  Moreover, it is a richly complex Lincoln that is presented here.  In contrast to the blandly hagiographic portrait by Carl Sandburg, this is a warts and all version.  Lincoln isn't idealized, but is shown with both his virtues and vices, from his astonishing ability to handle people who imagined that they were handling him, to his self-proclaimed ignorance of financial matters.  But he is more the admirable for his portrayal as a believable, flesh and blood human being, instead of mere statue.     