 The thing that disturbs me most about this book's popularity is the fact that it ironically tries to get Christians to revert to a way of conceiving human personality that was 100% derived from Classic pagan thought. Unfortunately, most Christians do not know the historical background of the ideas LaHaye tries to resurrect, and therefore usually just assume that LaHaye knows what he is talking about. LaHaye's complete lack of knowledge therefore does great harm. Inspired initially by C. S. Lewis (another Christian writer) and Keith Thomas, I have over the past few years been reading a great deal about the world view that held sway from the time of the Greeks until the early 17th century, a worldview formed profoundly by Aristotelian science and Platonic philosophy. One of the core aspects of this rightfully rejected worldview was the notion of the four elements--air, fire, water, and earth--which undergirded all the scientific, magical, and astrological beliefs of the period. The psychological theories--in particular the theory of the four humours--was based entirely on this notion of four consitutive elements. The theory was abandoned in the 17th century after the work of scientists (especially the Christian chemist Robert Boyle) showed that the Aristotelian basis for a belief in the four elements was incorrect. One of the main things to remember is that the belief in the four elements (and hence the four humours) was in the strictest sense a heritage of paganism. LaHaye's book, of course, is a study of the Christian personality by constant referral to this classically pagan world view. It is important to stress that this world view, while adopted later by many Christian thinkers, was not at all developed by Christian thinkers and theologians. Given all of this, it was extraordinarily surreal to find a fundamentalist Christian attempt to resurrect a completely discredited pagan conception of human personality.  I can understand why many late-20th century and early 21st century Christians can find this book compelling. LaHaye appears to be going back to a mode of those thought that predates Freud. But the problem is not that he goes back before Freud, but that the theses of the book are absurd. He does not harken back to a prior "Christian" way of thinking, but a way of thinking that was completely and irrefutably discarded by Christian scientists in the 17th century. But someone with a strong sense of history might find this rather bizarre book rather entertaining.     