 I am going to confess that I am a big fan of both Barbara Stanwyck and Mitchell Leisen.  So, the odds were heavily stacked in favor of this film well before I ever saw it for the first time. Absolutely no one in the history of film played a bad girl better than Barbara Stanwyck.  "Tough as nails" could have been invented to describe most of her characters.  Unlike other Hollywood actresses, who were highly capable "bad girls", she was equally adept at comedy or drama, so that she could be funny bad in THE LADY EVE or BALL OF FIRE or scary bad in DOUBLE INDEMNITY or CLASH BY NIGHT or NO MAN OF HER OWN.  In many of her comedic "bad girl" roles, she has been forced to assume that role by the harshness of the world as she has experienced it growing up.  Typically, she just hasn't gotten her share of the breaks (as Beulah Bondi puts it to Fred MacMurray in this film, she probably just didn't get enough love growing up).  Many of her roles are of women getting a break for the first time.  And once a better way of life is presented to her, she invariably seizes it.  Lee Leander, her character in REMEMBER THE NIGHT, is quintessential Stanwyck.  An inveterate thief and con artist, she is so touched by the kindnesses shown to her by prosecuting attorney Fred MacMurray, that you hope and believe that in the course of the film she has changed for good whether she and Fred end up together or not.  Like in so many of her films, she is the streetwise, wise gal, who finally and genuinely wises up.  Any movie with Barbara Stanwyck at her best really needs no other reason to be seen, and this is Barbara Stanwyck at her best.  Luckily there are other really great things in the film. I think Mitchell Leisen gets a bum rap as a director.  The book on him is that he was a moderately gifted director who rode the coattails of gifted screenwriters to success in the late thirties and early forties.  Certainly, he had some phenomenal scripts to work with.  Preston Sturges wrote the screenplays for both REMEMBER THE NIGHT and the great classic EASY LIVING, while Billy Wilder and Charles Brackett wrote the scripts for HOLD BACK THE DAWN, ARISE MY LOVE, and, what is probably Leisen's best film, MIDNIGHT.  This seems unfair to me.  Wilder and Brackett also wrote NINOTCHKA for Ernst Lubitch, and absolutely no one would accuse Lubitsch of riding anyone else's coattails (indeed, the claim would more probably be that he made their screenplay look better than it would have otherwise).  Also, while Leisen's best films were indeed from screenplays by either Sturges or Wilder and Brackett, he nevertheless managed to make several other excellent films, including HANDS ACROSS THE TABLE, DEATH TAKES A HOLIDAY, and the film noir classic NO MAN OF HER OWN (another killer Barbara Stanwyck film, based on the novel I MARRIED A DEAD MAN). Fred MacMurray is as fine as always.  It would really be wonderful if more people thought of him as a charming leading man of a string of first rate thirties and forties comedies and dramas (HANDS ACROSS THE TABLE, DOUBLE INDEMNITY, TAKE A LETTER, DARLING, and this film), who later transformed into a versatile character actor (THE CAINE MUTINY, THE APARTMENT) than as the star of MY THREE SONS and some kooky Disney films. The supporting cast is great.  Beulah Bondi is great as Fred's mother and Elizabeth Patterson, who is one of those character actors who seems to be in every other film made in the thirties and forties, is the Aunt we all wish we had.  Sterling Holloway, the actor who did the voice for Winnie the Pooh, is great as the farm hand (it is fun to ask someone to close their eyes when Holloway begins talking, and identify the voice--almost everyone I have tried this with was eventually able to identify him as the voice of Winnie). I want to agree with the reviewer who lamented the presence of Fred "Snowflake" Toones in this flick.  At his best, Toones only managed to portray dimwitted, depressingly subservient porters, red caps, bartenders, shoe shine boys, and house servants.  He appeared in hundreds of films in the thirties and forties, rarely getting any billing, and never playing a character embued with any dignity.  You can contrast him with Rex Ingram, who despite being a black actor at precisely the same time, never portrayed a character lacking in dignity and pride (his best know roles are perhaps the genie in the 1940 version of THE THIEF OF BAGDAD, God in GREEN PASTURES, the black soldier in Humphrey Bogart's SAHARA, and Jim in the Mickey Rooney version of HUCK FINN).  On the other hand, Toones made a couple of hundred films and Ingram around twenty-five, so obviously, there was money to be made in being an idiotic servant.  My 14 year old daughter watched this movie with me, and became intensely angry during the scenes in which "Snowflake" appeared.  She found it painful to think that anyone ever found him at all funny.  That he was playing an all-too-familiar stereotype is brought home by a line in the movie, when bondsman "Big Mike" (whose name Toones reports, predictably, as "Big Ike"), shuts Toones up by quipping, "Save it for your radio show."  Unfortunately, he put in an appearance in most of Preston Sturges's films, so I encounter him a bit more often than I would like. I was a tad perplexed by the title.  Remember what night?  There are several nights in this film, but none that really seem to stand out more than another.  I could have understood REMEMBER THE NIGHTS.  "The Night" intimates that there was a crucial event in Lee's transformation or in the progression of their love, but in fact the entire thing was a gradual transformation that took place over the whole week of the trip.  I suspect that Preston Sturges original had a different title for the screenply, but for some reason the studio changed it.  Just a hunch, but I would be willing to place a bet on it. If you are a fan of romantic comedies, old Hollywood flicks, Barbara Stanwyck, Preston Sturges, or just good films in general, please do yourself a favor and see this movie.     