 If someone were to rush up to me and hold a gun to my hand and insist that I recommend one and only one Jesus & Mary Chain album to someone completely unfamiliar with their music with the proviso that it be THE album that would bring that person the most enjoyment, I would be in a complete quandary (though why some insane person would be wielding a pistol in such a nutty undertaking I won't speculate about).  On the one hand, PSYCHOCANDY is unquestionably their masterpiece, not merely a great album, but one of the great precursors of the emergence of alternative music in the nineties.  Yeah, alternative went pop when Nirvana hit it big with NEVERMIND in 1991, but the Jesus & Mary Chain had already copped all the right attitudes and struck all the right chords with PSYCHOCANDY in 1985.  With that album they go down with the Velvet Underground, Television, and Big Star as bands that wield an influence vastly in excess of their collective record sales.    But as great as PSYCHOCANDY is, I'm not sure that 21 SINGLES:  1984-1998 doesn't have better songs.  The collection of singles pulls together not merely the very best songs off PSYCHOCANDY, but a host of great songs off other albums that either weren't as good or weren't very good at all, but nonetheless had a couple of great individual cuts.  For instance, back when I was collecting Jesus & Mary Chain discs, I stopped with PSYCHOCANDY, DARKLANDS, and BARBED WIRE KISSES, two albums and an anthology.  This means that I missed out on some really great cuts that are collected here.  For instance, I was completely blown away by "Head On" the first second I heard it, but because I didn't get AUTOMATIC, it was completely new to me.  Same thing is true of "Blues from a Gun," the very scary "Reverence," "Sometimes Always" (with guest lead vocal by Hope Sandoval of Mazzy Star), and the wonderful pair of cuts from MUNKI, "I Love Rock N Roll" and "I Hate Rock N Roll."  These are just great songs, and they really make me regret that I stopped my collecting of their music when I did.    So, I truly hope gun-toting maniacs stay away from me, but if saner, more everyday folk want who are unacquainted with one of the great bands of the eighties and nineties want to dive into their music, I would strongly recommend both PSYCHOCANDY and 21 SINGLES: 1984-1998.  This music is as crucial as anything that arose during the period.     