 The subtitle reads "An Essential Lexicon," but it isn't.  "Essential" connotes a comprehensiveness that this lacks, which indicates that this book was not meant for education so much as fun and humor, and in this it succeeds admirably.  So, what is a rock snob?  Evidently, somewhat to my surprise, I am not.  I'm a music fanatic, and I would have imagined that sufficient to gain rock snob status, but apparently not, since the book defines "rock snob" as:  "reference term for the sort of pop connoisseur for whom the actual enjoyment of music is but a side dish to the accumulation of arcane knowledge."  For me the actual enjoyment of the music has been paramount, so I am imagining that anyone who truly loves the music first is exempt, on technical grounds, from rock snobbishness.    The joy of the book comes from the way they simultaneously elevate and then deflate various figures and artifacts from the world of rock.  Many of their characterizations are dead on.  I've never understood the esteem in which many hold Burt Bacharach.  Folks, it really is just elevator music, and I don't care how much Elvis Costello tries to pump his reputation.  The authors write about such figures with wit and derisive humor.  The lists that litter the book are marvelous, and usually dead on.  Plus, the book is fun to argue with.  If you are a serious fan of music, you will spend a lot of time flipping through to see if your own candidates were included in the book, and a surprising number of the more arcane folks I searched for were to be found.  For instance, I was amazed to see that Jim Dickinson, Dan Penn, The Fugs, and the Louvin Brothers showed up.  I was somewhat disappointed that several of the folks I would have nominated were not, including:  Can, Greg Sage and the Wipers (a monumental oversight), the Shoes, Moby Grape (though Skip Spence gets a nod), Robert Quine, Jack Logan (a shocker), R. Stevie Moore, the Buzzcocks (with an especial mention of their EP SPIRAL SCRATCH), the Mekons, Les Paul, the album HAVE MOICY!, guitar pioneer John Fahey, the Flying Burrito Brothers (though Gram Parsons, of course, has an entry), Rory Gallagher, and Second Edition (Johnny Lydon's aka Rotten project after the Sex Pistols).  But like I said, this book isn't about completeness, but humor.  There also is a cut off point.  Few very recent bands receive a mention, even such crucial Rock Snob bands as Yo La Tengo (which inspired the wonderful ONION headline about a few dozen record store clerks dying at one of their concerts when the roof collapsed, crushing the crowd) fail to receive mention.  In the end, the book really isn't for aspiring rock snobs, but actual rock snobs who get all the references, know all the books and movies mentioned in the lists, and "get" the self-mocking nature of the whole affair.  My only real disappointment with the book is that if you have a pretty good knowledge of rock, you aren't going to learn much new.  But at least you can laugh about your own pretentiousness about imagining that to be the case.     