 I give this set five stars, but I completely understand those who give it one based on 1) the paltry number of special features and 2) the astonishing price.  I'll give one defense for the latter:  by pricing the first two seasons at the same price of later one's, they help even out the expense caused by the very expensive licensing of music.  NORTHERN EXPOSURE was one of the first series to feature large amounts of music by original artists and in retaining much of the music from the original run they have to pay extremely large amounts of fees.  The cost of the music is the reason why we have not yet seen ALLY MCBEAL on DVD.  So, I can be philosophical about the cost of the first two seasons, though I will agree that the cost is excessive.  On one level, NORTHERN EXPOSURE was incredibly unlucky in its debut.  Only a few weeks before its appearance TWIN PEAKS appeared, filmed only a few miles away from where NORTHERN EXPOSURE was made (both shows were made in Washington state, not far from Seattle, despite the supposed Alaska locale).  Because TWIN PEAKS was so much more extremely, it made NORTHERN EXPOSURE seem tamer than it was in reality.  In fact, NORTHERN EXPOSURE was conceived and developed separately from TWIN PEAKS, though the former quickly acknowledged the latter in its first season by visiting the waterfalls where TWIN PEAKS was filmed and making explicit reference to the log lady.  Still, if one wants precedents for NORTHERN EXPOSURE, one could better compare the show to GREEN ACRES filtered through the changes that had taken place in television narrative in the 1980s.  Like Oliver, Joel Fleischman finds himself in a rural setting surrounded by a group of eccentrics who take him as stranger than any of themselves, albeit Oliver goes to his farm willingly while Joel is forced to go to Alaska.  Although NORTHERN EXPOSURE would later win an Emmy as Best Drama, it was in reality a quirky comedy.  Its closest descendent might be THE GILMORE GIRLS (though Amy Sherman-Palladino credits BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER as her favorite show and the one that has most inspired her, her creation THE GILMORE GIRLS is much closer to NORTHERN EXPOSURE), another hour-long comedy.  Amazingly, both NORTHERN EXPOSURE and ST. ELSEWHERE were inspired by the experiences of the same doctor, who was co-creator Joshua Brand's college roommate.  Most shows that debut during spring or summer seasons fail, but there have been some astonishing exceptions, such as HILL STREET BLUES and BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER.  NORTHERN EXPOSURE has the very odd distinction of having been a summer or spring only series for two straight years.  It debuted with eight episodes in July 1990, returned with seven episodes in the spring of 1991, before its first full season beginning in the fall of 1991.  What I find amazing given the great irregularity of its early schedule was that they were able to hold together the original cast, and that their characters were so well defined so quickly.  Though they would develop and mature with the ensuing seasons, Joel, O'Connell, Holling, Ed, Maurice, Shelly, the ultra-laconic Marilyn, and Chris Stevens, the spiritual center of the show, were there from the very beginning.  The show would grow quirkier and the narrative became far more contextualized with ensuing seasons, but it was a great show from the very beginning.    I agree that the first two seasons of the show are way overpriced.  I would have personally have preferred to see the two seasons combined in a single set, but mainly I'm just glad that these are available.  Definitely one of the great television series of the nineties.     