 Following the release of SGT. PEPPER'S by the Beatles, it appears that almost every other band in the sixties and early seventies was inspired to do likewise.  The Kinks's Ray Davies response in 1968 was seemingly to take Paul McCartney's "When I'm 64" and build an entire album around that song's nostalgia.  Although the Kinks had been in one sense the first hard rock band due to the first use of distortion in any rock song in "You've Really Got Me" (whether the guitar was played by session guitarist Jimmy Page as many maintain or Dave Davies as Dave and Ray-not always Dave's most enthusiastic defender, which makes his insistence on this issue more believable-claim may never be definitively settled), but the truth is that they moved over the next few years more and more from the distortion and further and further towards a pop sound.  A decidedly pop album with nostalgia as the driving concept would hardly seem to be the recipe for success.  If one defines success exclusively in record sales, then THE KINKS ARE THE VILLAGE GREEN PRESERVATION SOCIETY was a decided failure, registering the poorest sales of any of their albums to date, but on critical grounds it is in the opinion of many the finest album they ever released.  The sales failure of VILLAGE GREEN partly lies in the fact that the Kinks could not for some undiscovered reason obtain visas to tour the United States during several years in the sixties.  As a result, they could release albums in the U.S., but they couldn't tour to support them.  VILLAGE GREEN was one of the last albums they released before the ban was lifted and the album's failure in the states definitely hurt.  But it is also the most English of all of their albums (with the possible exception of ARTHUR).  And with people singing songs about the dawning of the age of Aquarius, an album that sang of old fashioned steam engines and village greens and taking pictures at family outings did not feed into the political and social outrage in much contemporary music.    Today, one can't help but being struck how superb the set of songs on this album are.  Ray Davies is a brilliant pop song writer, but the truth is that the Kinks always functioned better as a singles band than an album band.  In fact, apart from SOMETHING ELSE, FACE TO FACE, and VILLAGE GREEN, I would recommend the people experience them as a whole through anthologies rather than original albums.  But that aside, these are great songs.  The title track, "Johnny Thunder," "Last of the Steam-Powered Trains," "Animal Farm," "Starstruck," and "Phenomenal Cat" are all pop masterpieces.    The problem is that apart from "Starstruck" they all need the context of the rest of the album to make much sense.  There are no ideal singles on the album.  But when you put the disc on and listen to it from first to last, you can't help but be struck at how splendid it is as a whole.  Furthermore, the album contains an amazingly wide range of instrumentation, Ray Davies, who also produced the album, employing strings and horns to great effect, throwing in the occasional harpsichord, tossing in a flute on "Phenomenal Cat."    This remains one of the great undiscovered rock masterpieces of the late sixties.  Ray Davies, one of the great songwriters in the history of rock, was at his absolute best on this album, not only writing a group of stunning songs but creating some of the most unique arrangements of the era.  Anyone who loves rock music has to have a few Kinks discs, and this definitely should be one of them.     