 My favorite films list is somewhat fluid, with various flicks moving in and out of the top ten, top twenty-five, or top fifty at any given moment in time.  But for several years, the top spot has been quite consistent, headed up by TOP HAT (14 viewings) and SEVEN SAMURAI (7 viewings).   If you can forgive the film its mildly silly story, and a couple of inane plot devices (it seems impossible that Ginger could believe her best friend's husband was Fred Astaire instead of Edward Everett Horton for well over half the film), this film can enchant like no other.  The magnificence of the movie lies not merely in the genius of Fred Astaire, but in a myriad of details that surrounds perfection with perfection. The cast is utterly beyond reproach.  In fact, remove any one of the main supporting actors and the movie would have been perceptibly lessened.  What a loss if Erik Rhodes had not been able to deliver such immortal lines as, "Never again will I let a woman wear my dresses" or "For the woman, the kiss; for the man, the sword."  Edward Everett Horton, Helen Broderick, and Eric Blore round out a perfect cast. But what really delights--in addition to the extraordinary dance numbers--on constant reviewing is all the marvelous details.  For instance, just before going onstage to perform his famous "Top Hat, White Tie, and Tails" number, Fred gets a telegram in which he learns that Dale Tremont (Ginger, whom he has been pursuing) will be in Venice.  He frantically and excitedly makes arrangements to fly to Venice the second the show is over.  He walks onstage, still holding the telegram in his hand, and begins singing, "I just got an invitation in the mail . . . " and taps the telegram with his cane before tossing it aside.  Not a deep moment, but the movie is filled with delightful details like that.   A piece of trivia #1:  In their famous "Cheek to Cheek" dance, Ginger wore one of her most famous dresses, made of hundreds of feathers.  Unfortunately, the dress constantly shed as she moved about.  This necessitated retake after retake after retake, as shot after shot was ruined by feathers flying all over the place.  This was especially problematic because Fred's trademark was always dance numbers filmmed in as few shots as possible, and preferably in only one.  Finally, them managed to get a take in which only a few feathers floated about.  But even now, if you watch carefully, you will see a few rogue feathers wafting around them as they dance. A piece of trivia #2:  I once read that Venetian blinds (which apparently were not invented in Venice) are so-called because they appeared in the eerily white Venice of TOP HAT.  (Ages ago, when I was trying to learn Danish, I learned that in Denmark, Danish Pastries are called Vienna Bread, so a lot of misinformation seems to swirl around Vienna.)     