 Although THE THIRTEEN GUN SALUTE was one of the least eventful books in the entire Aubrey-Maturin series, THE NUTMEG OF CONSOLATION is one of the most action filled.  The books in the series are not, in the end, really about action, but it nonetheless can be a lot of fun when it takes place.  The major incident in the previous novel had been the wrecking of the Diane on uncharted rocks near a remote island and the start of this one has the surviving crew members working hard to build a smaller vessel out of the remains of the Diane to sail to the nearest port.  Instead, they find themselves under attack by pirates, led by a memorable female who briefly and seemingly befriends Maturin.  Later, after being rescued by a Chinaman who comes to the island looking for the makings of birds nest soup, Jack and his crew take charge of the refitting of a Dutch vessel that had been sunk and salvaged that Jack renames The Nutmeg of Consolation.  After a long chase of a French privateer and the reuniting with the Surprise, the rest of the novel focuses on a trip to Botany Bay, the novel ending suddenly after a near fatal encounter by Stephen with a male duckbilled platypus.  All in all, it is an exceptionally satisfying novel, the only possible complaint that there is little time for the political or interpersonal interplay so fascinating in the other novels.  Also, O'Brian, who delights in being not only a first-rate storyteller but a teacher and instructor, gets to do less of the latter here.  Still, I can't imagine anyone failing to be thoroughly entertained by this fine novel.  Some reviewers complain that at this point in the series, it is beginning to get a little tired.  I do not experience that, though I can acknowledge that the series here begins to struggle against the limitations that were set for it by O'Brian's having set it so late in the Napoleonic wars.  O'Brian acknowledges in the preface to the series as a whole that he probably make an error by having Jack become a captain and commander at around the mid-point of the Napoleonic era.  As a result, when the series was doing so well and the demand for additional books so great, he was sometimes hard pressed to come up with new twists.  Also, the chronology ceases at some point to make much sense.  Voyages that would actually take two years must, so that more stories can take place before the end of the Napoleonic wars, effectively take up no more than a few months.  As a fan of the series, I am more than willing to suspend my disbelief in order to have a few more stories than ought to be possible squeezed it.  It is, in the end, one of the few concessions that any reader has to make to the series, but it is a concession in a good cause.     