 This is easily one of the most unusual albums of the past few years.  One can begin with the artist's name.  Iron and Wine is one person, singer-songwriter-guitarist-banjoist Sam Beam, and this, his first album, was recorded in his own home under his own direction.  I have read that Beam sent the tape to a record company as more or less a demo tape, but Sub Pop decided to bring it out as an album just as it was.  The lone criticism of the album is that it truly does sound like something recorded at home.  Though it is never less than utterly enchanting, the sound is just slightly muddy throughout.  If one compares the sound of THE CREEK DRANK THE CRADLE with Beam's follow up album, OUR ENDLESS NUMBERED DAYS, the contrast is sharp.  I can understand the record company's hesitancy to rerecord to improve the sonic quality of the cuts:  though sonically not as sharp as one would like, the songs are absolutely perfect as performed.  How could one improve on the wistful rhythm of the astonishing "Upward over the Mountain," in which the singer utters words meant to comfort his mother, a gorgeous slide guitar creating an arch between verses?    There are four things that I think makes Sam Beam one of the great artists working in the US today.  First, he is an absolutely masterful songwriter, crafting exquisitely delicate songs with marvelously poetic lyrics.  I'm undecided as to whether I prefer the lyrics or the melodies of his songs.  He is capable of great poetry.  For instance, in "Bird Stealing Bread," the singer laments the loss of an ex-girlfriend and in thinking of her new love asks her:  Do his hands in your hair Feel a lot like a thing You believe in? Or a bit like a bird Stealing bread Out from under your nose?  Second, Beam possesses a voice of great beauty characterized by a wonderful purity and softness.  He seems incapable of singing roughly.  Third, as an arranger of his own songs, he displays a perfect touch.  He has a great gift for keeping them as simple as possible, and there isn't a single one that I would like to see even slightly embellished.  Finally, he is a talented guitarist, but he constrains his playing to call as little attention to his skills and as much attention to the songs as possible.  He exercises restraint so that the songs are always at the forefront.  Based on THE CREEK DRANK THE CRADLE and OUR ENDLESS NUMBERED DAYS, there is no performer today I'd rather see a new album by.  Many will compare him with artists like Sebadoh or Nick Drake, but for me you do him a disservice by comparing him to anyone else, even very good performers.     