 One of the problems for someone who likes Willie Nelson is knowing which albums to get and which to avoid.  He has, over the years, issued an absolutely staggering number of albums, and although he is one of the seminal performers of his age, most of these are forgettable.  CRAZY: THE DEMO SESSIONS is, however, one of his very finest albums.  That these are demos hardly diminishes their value.  Interestingly, these were not demos recorded for the purpose of getting Willie a recording contract, as was the case with most demos.  Instead, they were recorded as part of Willie's stint as an inhouse songwriter for Ray Price and Hal Smith's publishing house.  The point was to allow prospective performers to hear rough versions of the songs.  One such performer, Patsy Cline, was able to hear Willie's new song "Crazy," and history, as they say, was made.  Demos work better with Willie Nelson better than many other performers, partly because he later would embrace a minimalist approach to performing.  On many of these songs we hear only Willie and his guitar, anticipating the sound of RED HEADED STRANGER in the seventies.  Even on the earliest of the recordings he sounds pretty much as he does today, already singing in his distinctive style, in which he tends to come in slightly behind each note, which is highly unusual in country music.  Many of these songs are familiar.  "I Gotta Get Drunk" and "Crazy" are, of course, classics.  But virtually all of the songs are superb.  I especially loved the stripped down version of "Are You Sure," which was used to such great effect at the end of one episode of LOST in its first season.  I heartily encourage the collecting of Willie Nelson albums, but I especially encourage selective collecting.  I would recommend this as a part of any collection of Willie's essential recordings.  My own such list would also include RED HEADED STRANGER, STARDUST, NITE LIFE, GREATEST HITS (AND SOME THAT WILL BE), THE ESSENTIAL WILLIE NELSON, PHASES AND STAGES, and YESTERDAY'S WINE.       