 The best movies are subtle affairs, with room and space to notice wonderful minutiae, such as marveling over the way John Ford frames John Wayne in the doorway as it closes at the end of THE SEARCHERS or Marcello Mastroianni straining unsuccessfully to hear what the young girl representing innocence is yelling at him on the beach at the end of LA DOLCE VITA.  But I don't know if SYRIANA contains such subtleties or not.  The plot narrative was so convoluted; so complex, and so inexpertly laid out that it took all my concentration to keep up with what was happening.  The movies have seen a host of profoundly complex films over the years.  Even Raymond Chandler was said not to quite understand what was happening in Howard Hawks's version of THE BIG SLEEP.  My guess with this film is that the script started off as a huge, incoherent mess, and in subsequent rewrites they only barely managed to make it intelligible.  If there is subtlety in the film, I was working too hard to notice it.  The movie's ultimate incoherence is a shame, because it contains many otherwise excellent things.  For instance, it is one of the rare films that has attempted to address some of the issues associated with globalization and one of the few that tries to show how astonishingly interrelated the world has become.  Decisions undertaken in Houston or Washington or London or Beijing can work to fuel much of the anger and alienation that has fueled what we in the West call terrorism but which in other parts of the world are viewed as acts of self-defense.  The film is to be commended for resisting the stupidity inherent in the assumptions that the Arab world "hates us because of our love of freedom" or other mindless platitudes.  The film tries to explain that what seems to us to be irrational acts are to those committing terrorist acts completely rational.  Furthermore, the film also tries to explain why a very large number of nations around the world regard the United States consider the United States engaged in terrorism, seen in the smart bomb killing of a reformist sheik.  For most Americans the story of the United States intervening to keep a unqualified and unpopular but pro-Western ruler in charge of a Middle Eastern country instead of a far more popular, competent, but anti-Western ruler will be completely unfamiliar.  But this plot element has deep overtones in the Gulf Region.  The first deep intrusion by the CIA into foreign affairs was the coup they orchestrated in 1953 to remove Mohammed Mossadegh from power in Iran and insert the Shah in his place.  The parallels to the story told in the film are palpable.  Mossadegh was far more democratically minded, far more progressive, and far more in favor of making life better for most Iranians, but he was also intent on keeping Iran's oil wealth from flowing almost exclusively to Western corporate entities.  In this film, our reformer wants to align himself more closely to the Chinese, an arrangement that benefits his fictional country far more than one with the United States.  I have not read Baer's original book nor have I heard details, but I would be willing to bet that the Mossadegh incident was a prime inspiration for the story.  As I said, I commend the intellectual seriousness of the film and its attempt to lay out the current global situation and to try to explain some of the issues at the heart of Middle Eastern politics, but at no point in this film can I say that I enjoyed it.  It is more a film that you respect than like.  It was lacking the human element found in all good films.  It was more like watching a Middle Eastern textbook in film version.  The cast was exceptionally solid, but because of the limitations of the script, no one really stood out.  George Clooney was enjoyable, playing a completely burned out CIA spy.  I think most of the attention, however, that his role is receiving is related more to his playing against type and having gained so much weight for the role.  There are a large number of competent performances, but given the complexity of the narrative and the huge number of performers, no one really stands out.  It was interesting to see Alexander Siddig in his role of the reform-minded prince.  The only other thing I have seen him in was STAR TREK:  DEEP SPACE NINE, so it was fascinating to see him in a completely different role.  I left the theater mildly impressed but definitely not entertained.  It is not impossible to have a very good yet political film; Costa-Gavras's Z proved that.  SYRIANA does not.     