 In the history of Hollywood there are few greater mysteries than: what happened to Preston Sturges's talent.  From the 1930s, when he emerged as one of the sharpest screenwriters at Paramount to his short but brilliant career as a director, Sturges could do almost no wrong.  After crafting such outstanding scripts for films like EASY LIVING and REMEMBER THE NIGHT, Sturges was allowed to direct his own scripts, and the result was a string of brilliant comedies that were noted for their frenetic pace, frantic multi-layered dialogue, and brilliant slapstick.  Between 1940 and 1944 he managed to turn out THE GREAT MCGINTY, CHRISTMAS IN JULY, THE LADY EVE, SULLIVAN'S TRAVELS, THE PALM BEACH STORY, THE MIRACLE OF MORGAN'S CREEK, and HAIL THE CONQUERING HERO.  No other director in history ever enjoyed a finer five years directing comedy than that.  Then, suddenly, his gifts were gone, never to be fully regained.  What is astonishing is how completely his gifts deserted him.  Sturges did, however, manage to regain form to turn out one final good comedy.  UNFAITHFULLY YOURS is not among his finest films, but in the post-1944 period, it is clearly his last good one.  If one turns from THE PALM BEACH STORY to UNFAITHFULLY YOURS, one notices how much has been lost.  In the latter there is no rapid-fire dialogue, no brilliant witticisms, few touches of inspired anarchy.  There is in the final part of the film some wonderfully slapstick, but by the standards that Sturges had set for himself, it has to stand as something of a disappointment.  Still, if one can put THE LADY EVE and SULLIVAN'S TRAVELS out of mind for a bit, and view UNFAITHFULLY YOURS strictly on its own merits, it is a highly entertaining film graced by a splendid star performance by the always fascinating Rex Harrison.  It is also made with enormous competence and style.  Just watch the way the camera gradually flows from behind the orchestra all the way to an extreme close up on Sir Alfred's eye.  For the most part, this is not a funny film nor is it meant to be.  The first two thirds of the film are, in fact, barely humorous at all.  It is all set up for the hilarity at the end.  Sir Alfred has learned that detectives have reason to suspect that his wife might be unfaith to him with his personal secretary.  The chief detective is played by Edgar Kennedy, who is famous for his slow burns in a host of films from the silent era through the advent of sound, perhaps most famously as the lemonade vendor in DUCK SOUP.  He died shortly after appearing in this film.  At first Sir Alfred refuses to believe the rumors, but by the time the concert begins he is convinced of her duplicity, and during the concert he allows the music to seduce him into fantasies of revenge and murder and suicide.  The humor comes only at the end when he sneaks off to put his fantasies into action.  But instead of the suave, competent murder of his imagination, he becomes an oafish, bungling fool, almost demolishing his apartment searching for all the items he needs to implement his plans.  It is a brilliant sequence, and while it doesn't cause a Sturges fan from lamenting the loss of verbal brilliance found in the earlier films, it is nonetheless a delightful sequence.  The ending is a bit abrupt and a tad too pat, but all in all it is a highly entertaining film.  Rex Harrison has been better in film, but only rarely.  Sir Alfred de Carter is, by the way, a subtle parody of the brilliant English conductor Sir Thomas Beecham, one of my favorite conductors (I have around ten CDs featuring him as conductor).  The resemblance is referential rather than visual, since Harrison bears little resemblance to Sir Thomas.  One reference to Beecham stems from Edgar Kennedy's mention of Sir Alfred's mastery of Delius.  The one conductor who is inevitably associated with Delius is Sir Thomas Beecham, who is the definitive interpreter of his work.  The Delius reference alone would be sufficient to reference Beecham, but the names are also a giveaway.  Harrison's Carter alludes indirectly to the Carter Liver Pills and their role in keeping "England regular."  Sir Thomas Beecham's family owned the Beecham's Liver Pills and hopefully also did their share in keep England regular.  Anyone wanting to explore Beecham's work should look either at his recordings of Delius, his marvelous recording of LA BOHEME (with the brilliant Jussi Bjoerling), or the disc that collects his recordings of Sibelius's 4th and 6th Symphonies.  After UNFAITHFULLY YOURS, the quality of Sturges's work plummeted.  Although he is widely regarded as one of the great comic directors in film history, he actually made an astonishingly small number of films.  His reputation rests on the brilliance of those films of 1940-1944, though this one certainly very nearly stands comparison with those.     