 This is going to be (for me) a brief review for the simple reason that without delving into the content of the film I find it hard to write about except in the most glittering of generalities.  And this really is a film that would be more enjoyable the less one knows about it.  So let me cut to the chase if you haven't seen this but are tempted:  it will be worth your time.  This is not at all your typical Spike Lee film.  In almost all of his films, Lee has been concerned to make a social statement of sorts, and while I am completely in sympathy with his social and political beliefs, they have sometimes lessened the films as vehicles for telling stories (though DO THE RIGHT THING was made even better by the message, being one of the best political films ever made in America).  The point here is to tell a great yarn and there is little question the film succeeds wonderfully.  All I'll say about the content of the film is that it involves a bank robbery and hostage situation.  Comparisons to DOG DAY AFTERNOON utterly miss the point of the film.  If you are thinking, "DOG DAY AFTERNOON" you are in the wrong frame of mind.  It is a film in which nothing is what it seems.  And even in saying that I've said too much, so let me just usher another encouragement to see the film and hand out some kudos.  Denzel Washington is, well, Denzel Washington.  He is one of the finest actors of his generation and while this is not one of his best performances, it is one of his typical ones.  Clive Owen is spectacular as the head of the group taking over the bank.  He is an enormously gifted performer and ever since seeing him in THE CROUPIER I have been waiting to see his career explode.  He has one of the great gazes in the movies, and one of those performers who seems to glide between being congenial to utterly threatening in a matter of seconds.  Jodie Foster is a great actress, but though she is enormously competent in her part, it really isn't one designed to let her shine.  Likewise, Willem Dafoe is a frequently compelling actor, but he is largely on the sidelines in this one.  Ditto the amazing Chiwetel Ejiofor, a handsome and extremely talented English actor of Nigerian parentage who I believe is only a role or two away from stardom.  He is appealing here as Washington's partner, but he isn't given any opportunity to show what he can doe.  For a better sense of his talent, check out his work in DIRTY PRETTY THINGS or his turn as a true believing assassin in the Sci-fi gem SERENITY.  The real star of the film, however, is not Spike Lee or any of his actors.  It is writer Russell Gewirtz, who with this script makes his screen debut.  This is a wonderfully constructed, deliciously complex script.  It results in one of those movies you love to pry apart and dissect afterwards, to see if it makes as much sense afterwards as it did when you were watching it.  The rumor is that Ron Howard was going to direct this originally, but pulled out in favor of directing CINDERELLA MAN.  With no disrespect to either Howard or Lee, my guess is that the original script was so good that it would have been difficult to make a bad movie out of it.    So far 2006 has looked like another slow movie year, though there is plenty of time for that to turn around.  Although for most of my adult life I have seen roughly 300-450 movies a year (one year I saw 600, with nearly daily double headers on the VCR), in recent years I have shifted my attention more and more towards TV, the best TV shows being better, in my opinion, than the vast majority of films.  This is not a film that will win any awards, but it a thoroughly entertaining film that I hope will be a prelude to better things to come out of Hollywood this year.     