 For some time now I have been of the opinion that we have in the past fifteen years entered a new Golden Age in television, with the quality and richness and depth of the best series approaching a level that was not previously seen.  A number of series are responsible for this, but one of the most important was THE X-FILES.  It was one of the first shows to bring a near cinematic quality to each episode, the first to develop a story arc that stretched over several seasons (as opposed to episode-to-episode consistency that you saw with other pioneering shows like HILL STREET BLUES, which despite the memory and consistency, didn't really have a story with a beginning, middle, and an end), and just in general tried to up the standards of what could be done on broadcast television.  The seasons-long story arc was not always perfect.  By the creators own admission they were often making things up as they went along, and the result was some internal tension in the mythology.  For instance, though they wrap it up neatly at the end, during the course of the series they clearly are themselves (key X-FILES people like Kim Manners have confessed that they weren't sure who Mulder's father was, until they wrapped that up near the end, and they kept changing what had happened with Mulder's sister Samantha until they wrapped that up with an incredibly powerful two-part story in Season Seven).  But even if the story arc was sometimes a tad inconsistent in Seasons 1-7, it was never, ever bad.  Unfortunately, if there is one thing that virtually every X-FILE fan agrees on, the Super Soldiers plot of Seasons 8 and 9 was just awful.  In Season Six of show, they had wrapped up the alien colonization arc that dominated the mythology of the first six seasons, and with that much of the structure of the show had vanished.  Then at the end of Season Six there were attempts to reintroduce alien themes, but so much of the infrastructure had disappeared.  The Super Soldiers were introduced as super aliens who seemed to be close to invulnerable (unless you could get them near certain minerals that act more or less as their form of kryptonite).  But that was about all the show's creators did to make them interesting.  They were defined pretty much exclusively in terms of certain extreme qualities--invulnerability, undetectability (unless you could check out the base of their neck), and tremendous physical skills.  And there was a certain sense that they were everywhere.  But there was never a compelling backstory like the one that was developed so marvelously in the first seasons of the show with the colonization arc.  To be honest, the entire Super Soldier arc just felt tacked on.  This is not to say that there weren't some great things in Seasons 8 and 9.  Many fans of the show either hate or dismiss those two seasons.  I personally loved Season 8, and felt that the appearance of John Doggett did a lot to revitalize the show.  Many resented him because he was not Mulder, but I think Robert Patrick accomplished the near impossible in replacing half of what is arguably the most successful pair of characters in the history of TV.  THE X-FILES simply IS Mulder and Scully, and Scully and Doggett (yes, creator Chris Carter is a diehard L.A. Dodgers fan).  But the truth is that there were some absolutely outstanding episodes from those two years, many of them in large part because of what Doggett brought to the show.  Even some of the Super Soldiers episodes were excellent.  But none of them were excellent because they furthered the Super Soldier story arc; they were excellent despite it.  This set is the inevitable weak point of executing the interesting plan to release all the episodes in the overall story arc on DVD.  The truth is that the mythology ended with the end of the colonization arc, and the super soldiers was a painful reminder that that had come to a close.  I will add that it did provide an opportunity for Adam Baldwin, a character actor I like a great deal (Jayne, in FIREFLY, for instance).  For those who have watched THE O.C. and wondered where they had seen Alan Dale, who played Caleb Nichol, one answer is as Toothpick Man in Season Nine of THE X-FILES (though probably more known him from 24).  In other words, this part of the mythology doesn't have nothing to offer, but neither is it part of what made THE X-FILES one of the great series in the history of TV.  This set features many good episodes, but overall it diminishes rather than embellishes the mythology as a whole.     