 I'm sorry.  Those who see a fall off in this album are simply out of their gourd.  This is an absolutely fabulous album by one of rock's more unusual groups and one of the finest releases of 2005.  The group is unusual in being more or less an assembled supergroup of people from established bands.  One of the main members, Neko Case, has a highly successful solo career on her own.  Rarely do bands formed in this manner result in the group staying together for very long, yet the Pornographers have managed three excellent albums in five years, quite an achievement.  One is tempted to say that this album is so superb simply because everyone in it is so talented and the songs are all great, and while that is certainly true the history of rock has shown that great talent hasn't always resulted in great music.  For whatever reason, these guys have managed to assemble talent that meshes marvelously, with each member willing to step aside a bit for the good of the group.  The level of musicianship on this album is exceptional and it is truly a delight listening to people who are all so very good at what they do playing such a great set of songs.  If I had a complaint with the album it is that Neko Case doesn't just take over fulltime as lead vocalist.  Mind you, Carl Newman, the band's main songwriter, is a very decent vocalist, but Neko Case is a great vocalist.  Though he does every song he sings a service, he rarely stands out; Ms. Case does.  Though the band possesses a world of talent, this would count for little if you didn't have great songs to work with.  Luckily, these are first rate songs.  I can honestly say that there isn't a weak cut on the album, while there are several cuts that are simply outstanding.  The title cut is especially compelling, with a marvelous upbeat drive interrupted with some wonderfully dissonate guitars propelled by a strong rhythm section.  It moves immediately into the more delicate "The Bones of an Idol," with a typically strong vocal by Neko Case.  The next cut, "Use It," might be my favorite on the disc.  Though the New Porgraphers rarely remind me of specific bands in their songs, "Use It" reminds me a lot of the Plimsouls, though that might just be the result of sleep deprivation.  Another outstanding cut is "Jackie, Dressed in Cobras," one of the few cuts not written by Newman.  I also really liked another song sung by Neko Case, "These are the Fables."  I could go on, but I'll merely reiterate that I don't dislike a single cut on the album, while I was blown away by several.  Again, I don't know what makes some people complain about a new album by a celebrated band.  Is there some inner need to diss some new release?  Is there disappointment that it doesn't sound like a clone of previous albums?  I really am not sure, but I can adamantly assert that his is a brilliant and immensely enjoyable album.  I can't imagine anyone whose principle concern in acquiring an album the enjoyment of great music not being blown away by this.  And for those complaining about it, listen to it again!  If you aren't stunned by this album, the fault isn't the music.     