 While in graduate school at Yale, I actually went to the Beinecke Rare Book Library and read several special issues of BLACK MASK MAGAZINE published in the late 1940s that collected all of the Continental Op  stories not included in THE CONTINENTAL OP or THE BIG KNOCKOVER.  Most  readers of Hammett are unaware that over the course of his career he wrote  a vast number of stories featuring the overweight, verging on middle age  detective who stars in this collection.  One of the great tragedies in  American literary history has been the failure to publish all of these  stories.  Having read all of them, I can attest that while on the whole not  all of the out-of-print stories are as good as the ones in THE CONTINENTAL  OP and THE BIG KNOCKOVER, several of them are quite excellent.  My  understanding is that after Hammett's death, Lilian Hellman, who had a low  opinion of Hammett's detective fiction (jealousy?  spite?) and held the  copyright to his works, would not allow any of the works not already  well-established in publishing to be published.  I am not certain who holds  the copyright now, but fairly soon it should be all in the public domain,  and hopefully then these important stories will all be reprinted. The  Continental Op is Hammett's main detective, not the more famous Sam Spade  (who appears in only one novel and a couple of short stories, as opposed to  the two novels and seventy some odd short stories of the Continental OP).   The stories in THE CONTINENTAL OP are the best featuring his main  characters.  It is impossible to stress precisely how good these stories  are.  The finest stories in this collection are the best things that  Hammett ever wrote.  Better than the two novels that Hammett wrote  featuring to Op--RED HARVEST (which inspired Akira Kurosawa's YOJIMBO,  which in turn inspired A FISTFUL OF DOLLARS; the wretched LAST MAN STANDING  was a more straightforward remake) and THE DAIN CURSE, better than THE  GLASS KEY and THE THIN MAN, and perhaps even better than THE MALTESE  FALCON. I would urge anyone interested in 20th century American  Literature to read this book.  Anyone who is genuinely interested in  hardboiled detective fiction already has.     