 This album confirms that Neil Diamond is a major talent and Rick Rubin is a genius.  This is easily Neil Diamond's best album in over thirty years. I've always believed that Neil Diamond was an immensely talented songwriter and superb singer whose abilities had been crushed under over production. I have no problem with theatricality in music, but all too often Diamond's frequently marvelous songs have been submerged in hideous over orchestration. The word that springs to mind in listening to recordings of some of his songs is: bombast. What Neil and his producers seem to have forgotten is: less is more.   Enter Rick Rubin, who understands better than anyone that less is more. Rubin performed miracles with Johnny Cash by getting him out of the clutches of the tasteless producers that have destroyed the talents of so many superb performers. Cash had never really done a great album, but instead had been a singles artist who was best experienced through collections and anthologies. But Rubin miraculously created some superb albums by taking away just about everything other than Johnny's voice and guitar. It was like separating the gold from the dross. Here Rubin performs much of the same magic. The songs here are as far removed from the gaudiness of "Brother Love's Traveling Salvation Show" as can be imagined. The drama isn't entirely lacking, mainly because Diamond possesses an innately dramatic voice. But the overall effort is towards a minimalism that calls attention to the songs and Diamond's voice, much like his original recording of "Solitary Man."  This is a fine set of songs, which is somewhat surprising since its been a quarter of a century since Diamond heyday as writer of compelling pop hits. I personally loved the songs on this album the first time I heard them, but this in part was because I always preferred Diamond's less over-the-top compositions. I adore songs like "Solitary Man" and "Girl, You'll Be a Woman Soon," but have always been put off by the increasing overproduction that afflicted his work as he moved into the 1970s. This album seems to correct everything that went wrong with his work after his initial burst of stardom.   Another pleasantly surprising thing is how superb Diamond's voice remains. At 64-years-old his voice is as strong and vital as ever. It has perhaps darkened very slightly (though he was always more of a baritone than a true tenor), but despite all the decades it retains a remarkable freshness. The strength of his voice makes one conscious of how very, very few strong singers are active today. It is hard to think of any singer today under 35 who can match Diamond or such contemporaries of his such as Tim Buckley.  Fans of Neil Diamond are going to rejoice over this album. Those for whom he is only a name from a previous generation are going to be delighted by what they find. Definitely the comeback album of the year.     