 No feature of American political life astonishes me more than the almost complete silence of politicians and journalists and the media concerning the most pressing problem is contemporary American life:  the dramatically increasing inequality between the haves and have nots in the United States.  According to Federal Reserve figures the share of the national wealth held by the top 1% of the population has risen from 20$ in 1979 to 37% by 1997.  I have not seen figures since that date, but after Clinton continued the deregulation started by Reagan and continued by Bush 41 and then Bush 43 engaged on an inconceivably lavish give-back program in the nation's history, it would be impossible to imagine that the figures have improved since then.  What is the figure now?  40%?  45%?  48%?  Here is what frightens me:  Edward Wolff published the revised version of his novel in 2002, submitting the manuscript to the publishers before Bush's incredible largesse to the rich took place in 2002.  The problem was, in Wolff's view (and in the view of most responsible economists), pressing and dire in 2001.  How much worse has it gotten since a string of tax cuts and policy changes that have unquestionably have made a serious problem vastly worse?  Wolff's concern in this well-documented work are twofold:  first, he wants to delineate the nature of the economic inequality that currently pervades the United States to a degree found in no other developed country; second, he wants to suggest one way partially to rectify the problem:  for the United States to adopt a wealth tax similar to one that exists in several other nations.    Most people, when they think of economic inequality, think in terms of income inequality.  Such inequality does indeed exist, but Wolff shows that the most damaging inequality is wealth inequality.  The point, once stated, is obvious.  Two families with the same income could nonetheless have very significant differences in economic well-being if one has far more wealth than the other, i.e., property and durable goods and other holdings.  The problem in the United States, as demonstrated by the Fed statistics I noted above, is that virtually all the wealth is held by the top 20% of the populace, with the top 1% holding a disproportionate amount of that.  Wolff proposes one way to close the growing and vast gap between the wealthy and the mass of Americans:  taxing wealth.  Even the most conservative of taxes on aggregate wealth would, based on 1998 figures, generate approximately $52 billion dollars in tax revenue.  The goal in Wolff's conception is to shift the tax burden more fairly toward the ones who possess the greatest wealth.  He notes that in 2001 the United States had only two forms of wealth tax in place, both of which Bush has assaulted with impassioned intensity:  estate taxes and capital gains taxes.  Eliminating both of these are regressive taxes in that they ease the tax burden on the wealth while doing nothing to aid the poor or middle class.  In other words, instead of the Bush administration doing something about economic inequality, they have intensified it.  I found Wolff's proposals to be highly persuasive.  Unfortunately, we are still nationally in the throes of all kinds of mythology about taxes.  We imagine that taxes are harmful to the economy, that it is unfair to expect the wealthy to pay a significantly higher tax rate, and that cutting taxes somehow stimulates the economy.  In fact, as Wolff points out, a wealth tax would actually be highly stimulative by forcing the very wealthy to shift their wealth into more productive forms of investment.  But quite apart from whatever is economically productive, there are a host of moral and political questions.  Is a society that allows wealth to accumulate among those who already have an inordinate amount conducive to the greater good?  Is a society that persistently fails to aide those who have the least just?  I will confess that my heart never bleeds for the very wealthy when they are asked to pay a bit more.  Nor do I buy the rather absurdist arguments that tax cuts for the wealthy promotes economic growth.  Historically, shifting wealth to the middle class has always been vastly more stimulative to the economy than shifting it to the rich.  And shifting wealth to the rich has never generated any benefits to the middle class or the poor.  As Will Rogers pointed out in the 1920s, another era where people thought giving more to the rich would benefit all, some people think that gold is like water:  put it at the top and it runs down and nourishes everyone down below.  But, Rogers pointed, out, gold isn't like water at all.  You put it at the top and it just stays there.  Until we as a nation start addressing the problem of our nation's severe economic inequality, the gold is just going to stay there.     