 "DR. STRANGELOVE" (SPECIAL EDITION) When the late Stanley Kubrick finished directing "Lolita" he said he read about 50 books on thermonuclear war and with his producing partner James Harris paid $3,500 dollars for the rights to Peter George's novel "Red Alert." Immediately, Harris and Kubrick began developing a screenplay for their next production they called "The Edge of Doom."   In late night creative sessions, Kubrick and Harris got silly, wondering what kind of food the President and his advisors would order while dealing with an accidental nuclear attack on Russia. Harris went off to be a director and Kubrick worked with the late Terry Southern.  The new title announced was "Two Hours To Doom."  After two months with Southern, Kubrick found the tone and story he felt best expressed his very serious concerns for an eminent nuclear holocaust. This brilliant, dark farce with its numerous haunting images has become a part of our collective experience.  Although released in 1964 at the height of Cold War fears, the madness of nuclear war for whatever cause has never been better portrayed.  Nor more relevant.  Peter Sellers inhabits three distinct characters in a performance that is unmatched anywhere.  Incredibly, some of his most memorable lines, like the fey phone apology to the Soviet Premiere for the accidental nuclear strike, were improvised.   George C. Scott, Sterling Hayden, Keenan Wyn and the extraordinary Slim Pickens (in a part that was originally to have been played by Sellers until he fell 15 feet out of the B-52 set and hurt himself!) are all operating at the peak of their remarkable powers and under the direction of a perfectly focused Kubrick.   "Dr. Strangelove" has been available before, individually and as part of a Kubrick DVD collection.   This new digitally mastered audio and video transfer seems even sharper and the incredibly black and white cinematography is pristine.  Superior bonus material includes a terrific new documentary on Kubrick as well as an "Inside The making of Dr. Strangelove" and more. (UK, Columbia Pictures, Black & White, Full Theatrical Print, 104  Minutes, Rated PG, 1964)     