 David Pogue's long-awaited iMovie manual is a terrific intro to digital movie making using the incredibly popular and now FREE iMovie for Mac. Now there's no excuse for not making that little movie that's been  rattling around in your head.  Pogue's guide is logically laid out with  numerous easy to understand graphics that take you step by baby step  through painless editing of your video footage. This is the finest of the  iMovie guides and equal to Pogue's best past efforts. He's a master of  technical explanations and has a deservedly large and devoutly grateful  following. If you are considering buying an iMac or have ever thought  about making a simple movie, this stimulating book would be an smart,  inexspensive first step -- even before forking over a dime on any software,  hardware or a DV cam. The digital revolution has begun and this is the  manual that is entry level. The initiation rites happen when you first plug  in that firewire, batch capture and string some selected scenes in a new  creative order.   For someone with a strong visual sense and some basic  story skills and with careful pre-planning and this manual, it is possible  for a first time filmmaker to make a high quality mini masterpiece. Or  better yet, a product to enter in one of the red hot film competitions like  the Palm Springs Short Film Festival. Pogue even promises a (free?)  download or revision for the inevitable iMovie version 2. This book  covers all bases and FAQ's regarding iMovie and iMac configurations. Now  stop reading this review, buy Pogue's book and commit to making that  life-altering little film that's still screening in your head.  Isn't that  why you're reading this? Now you can be empowered to  create that film that  comes out of nowhere and charms the world (to say nothing of making  millions).  Step aside BLAIR WITCH.  I know what you're thinking!   Every  man, woman and now child can be a studio unto him and her self.  No  middleman.  Peasants, raise your no longer missing manuals.  Share the  vision.  In other words, I am saying David Pogue's iMOVIE THE MISSING  MANUAL is highly recommended.   And, hey, don't be ashamed if all you  want to do is edit some vacation video or the kid's recital or some hanky  panky with the spouse.  But the potential for something far more creative  is definitely available to anyone now.  My guess is THAT is the drawing  power of iMAC, iMOVIE and the terrific MISSING MANUAL. A suggestion for  future editions:  include a simple appendix of film language and story  structure basics.  Maybe a CD-ROM for an on screen guide that includes  filmmaking and digital film internet links. And then, Mr Pogue, a clear  guide to Final Cut Pro.   Quiet on the set. Action!     