 This is the 3rd installment of the soundbombing series... Soundbombing started off as all the vinyl singles released by Rawkus's earliest artists when the label first came out.  Let's take a quick history lesson..... SB 1 was quoted as 'the official guide to underground hiphop' and the project was a hiphop head's wet dream... it had a very nice mixture between songs and had some of the most intelligent lyricists out in hiphop at the time.  It contained some of the earliest material from Mos and Kweli, it helped start out Company Flow, and Shabaam Sahdeeq was butter all over this and was a major highlight.  Following the first Soundbombing was SB 2 and that actually OUT-SHONE its ancestor...  having DJ Babu and J-Rocc mix it was a good move and the production was even better.  There were a couple great performances especially by Eminem, Talib Kweli, Mos Def, Common, Pharoahe Monch (his best material up to date), and Shabaam was still hungry...  This was RAWKUS truly at its best time... Unfortunately after Reflection Eternal's "Train Of Thought" (2001's Best CD NO QUESTIONS ASKED) dropped, Rawkus slowed down with putting out butter material.  Smut Peddlers were alright but nothing special, Beatminerz was weak, and Hi-Tek's CD was a breath of fresh air....  HOWEVER lyricist lounge 2 was the pinnacle of Rawkus's attempt at gaining commercial appeal and it failed terribly, and the CD left Rawkus heads wondering what to think of Rawkus now... When SB 3 came out I was skeptical to whether or not to check out the CD.  So I bought it and fortunately it turned out to be another breath of fresh air (like Hiteknology)... however, this CD could also be a turn off for the die-hard Rawkus fans If you compare this CD with it's predecessors, you'll be greatly disappointed and will hate this CD.  If you compare it with post-train of thought Rawkus projects you'll enjoy it.  If you compare it with the garbage out there on radio land, you'll think this is a rather dope project......  After I looked at those three stipulations I must say this is a somewhat solid effort of a mixtape (but it doesn't live up to the previous Soundbombings) .... GOOD TRACKS - "The Life" (dope sh** from stylez and monch) , "MY Life" (C-N-N doesn't ruin the track and G. Rap is nice), "Round & Round remix" (nice appearances by Meth, Monch, and G. Rap), "Yelling Away" (Kweli and Com are nice on this, nice beat, Zap Mama is alot like Badu), "What Lies Beneath" (nice ATCQ style beat and Tip is coming back to normal... but the chorus is awful), "Put It In The Air" (SMOOTH BUTTER BEAT and Kweli is nice on it), "Rhymes and Ammo" (Roots and Kweli hype it up), "On The Block" (R.A. comes with that underground appeal... another R.A. classic)... BAD THINGS ON THIS CD - Mos Def "Freak Daddy" was surprisingly GARBAGE, Skillz seemed a little lazy on this, too many R&B hooks and wack hooks, cypha sounds and mr. choc's scratching is terrible (it sounds like the CD is skipping rather than the turntables at work)... OVERALL its a decent CD during Rawkus's worst musical time period, and the positives outweigh the negatives.... buy it on SALE!!!  unless you're a die hard fan I'm Out... Mind Power!!!     