 'You might as well you little fake Chino XL' quoted by Evidence of Dilated Peoples on the track dissing Eminem entitled "Search 4 Bobby Fisher"... and the quote illustrates similarities between Eminem and Chino XL lyrically.  Both artists have disgusting humor and shocking lyrics that are discriminating ...and CHINO WAS FIRST TO DO IT (1996, eminem came out in 1997-98).  So you can see some Chino XL influence on Eminem.  Plus when you hear Chino say the sickening lyrics it's more believable and you're mentally able to visualize what he's saying... Personally I slept on Chino XL and I'm regreting it.  He's only known by the underground hiphop audience and if you'd mention his name to a commercial rap listener their reply would be "WHO?"  This very CD dropped and I never noticed, the first time I got a taste of Chino XL was on Sway & King Tech's "This Or That" compilation.  And Chino was one of the highlights of the CD so I decided to explore into him more... "Here To Save You All" is definately a head nodder and after you hear some of the punchlines dropped by this guy, you're reaction will be 'damn!!!!' ... This CD was unnoticed in the commercial rap world even though there was one commercialized track on it "It's All Bad" and it was still dope.  Plus, other than Kutmasta Kurt and DJ Homicide, it had no-name producers on it: Bird, B Wiz, Dan Charnas.  But no tracks really hurt the LP musically, just "Waiting To Exhale" had a rather sloppy beat but it was listenable because of the verbal usage all over it... Most of the tracks on this CD are just verses with incredibly clever metaphors.  He throws some at OJ Simpson, Pee Wee Herman, explorers Luis and Clark, even the muppet babies nanny...be warned, you're gonna break out laughing...  While other tracks have some meaning to them, which is something different to expect from Chino, but the result comes out very well: "Kreep" is almost a love song where Chino's mad that he's not perfect and considers himself a loser and how he visionizes a relationship with a girl and that he's really watching a relationship with her and another guy.  "What Am I?" is a clever track where he's questioning his heritage and how he doesn't fit in with anyone else.  "Ghetto Vampire" he's mad at GOD and becomes a zombie and talks about his outcast past.  And "Rise" where he's really dead in the song and question's about his life... Overall this CD is definately worth the $20 I paid for it... and "The King Of Punchlines" is definately satisfying with his metaphoric rhymes and even his storying telling capabilities... Any Canibus fan should buy this CD... and those 'fake' Eminem fans need to wake up and realize their favorite artist is a gimmick that copied miserably off Chino XL... I'm Out... Mind Power!!!     