 Before listening to this album, keep in mind of these important facts:  1. This album was recorded between the releases of "2000 B.C." and "C True Hollywood Stories"  2. Much of the material on this album was leaked YEARS before 2005 either through Canibus's old [...] site and in his mixtape 'my name is nobody'  3.  This album was released due to a contractual agreement and the material was hardly altered since 2000/2001...  To the extremely zealous Canibus fan, somebody who collects everything the man ever lays his vocals on, only THREE songs are in fact 'NEW'!!!  So that's why this album is receiving such fluctuating reviews (although some are out of differing tastes, but most negative reviews are out of fury).  So without further interuption, here's my unbiased review of Mind Control...  Things start off nicely with Canibus's continuation of Jay-Z's classic "22 2s" by creating "33 3s".  Although '2' is easier to flip around using different meanings, Bis is somewhat able to pull it off by using '3' for different words.  The production is very similar to Large Professor's on the Stillmatic track 'Backwards' by Nas.  The 2000 BC Canibus is present in 'Canibus Man' where Bis spits what he's famous for -- innovative battle rhymes.  Production is very bass driven and is good for blasting out loud in your ride.    Mind Control stumbles a little bit with two southern influenced tracks which are both somewhat surprising and may be difficult for Canibus fans to digest.  'Atlanta' has a pretty hot beat, but the lyrics are pretty boring.  And 'GYBAOTC' has a very lackluster production, but the lyrical content is comical, yet very dismissive.    Luckilly, things pick up entirely with 'In The Rain', a very introspective look at Canibus's career through his own eyes.  The chorus is an extended metaphorical look at his career and he's very good at expressing his pain with his delivery in this track.  The title track, 'Mind Control' is next and continues the creative streak.  The production is very laid back with some female vocals on the chorus, but the overall vibe of the track is very relaxed.  Canibus spits a little narrative tale on the track about leaving Universal Records and becoming reborn musically.   More battle rhymes return as 'Last Laugh' comes up next.  The beat is a bit repetative and the 'hahahaha' sample may become annoying to some listeners, but the second verse alone in this song is probably the best verse on the album (although the second verse is recycled in another song 'Da Shock' with Malarchi --- which is a much better track)  Things take an unexpected plundge in quality as 2 very lackluster tracks come up to the plate.  'Not 4 Play' with Kurupt has a pretty hot beat, but the lyric-content is horrific as Bis and Kurupt trade verses about strippers, being G-ed up, and other garbage --- NEXT --- 'Stupid Producers' although innovative with its beat and subject matter, is almost impossible to listen through due to the chipmunk-voiced 'producer' whos garaunteed to grate a nerve or two.    Next comes up 'Talk The Talk' which is very likely to hype up listeners.  The production is very bass driven, but the chorus is a bunch of unnecessary R&B singing.  Canibus's delivery is very intense, but his lyrics are a bit too simplistic.  I have mixed feelings about this track, its almost as if Canibus was running for a touchdown and fumbled at the last second.  The album closes out with some very intelligent statements by Canibus about his reception to hiphop listeners and his contributions to hiphop...  His fame due to obscurity...  ------  So my initial reaction to this album was that it was nice to see this material commercially released, but the fact that only 'In The Rain', 'Mind Control', and 'Talk The Talk' were the only actual new songs in an album that should've been released 4 years ago...  I'm kinda on the fence, but falling more towards a positive review due to the albums diversity...  Production:  3 Lyrics:  4 Innovation: 5  Overall: 3.5     