 We all know that Canibus is a verbal demon known for his stomach turning battle lyrics, but the music industry does not give props to good artists ever.  So in a retaliation an angered underground emcee dedicates an entire CD making the commercialized mainstream rap world a huge joke....which it already is... Canibus got some guts to purposely put out a piece of garbage CD for himself.  But no matter how hard he tries to not battle, Canibus rhymes some very well constructed lyrics.  He attacks some sell-out rappers, played out song topics, using video game music on 2 tracks with awful choruses that hurt, and even the idea of rappers promoting unknown rhymers... (C-4 is the equivalent of D12 and Pakman is the unknown)... Canibus knows that his 'old' style of music was very dope and there would be NO WAY IN HELL he would crossover to mainstream rap.  This is a CD by him that makes you appreciate him for his first 2 CDs that some people labeled garbage, which were FAR from garbage..... he's a mis-understood musician... Canibus cleverly makes up a concept of 'Stan' surviving his suicide attempt and he becomes a dope rhymer that was ignored by his X-idol.  "You Didn't Care" is Canibus imitating Eminem's song Stan where Canibus boasts that he can tell a story also and he disses Eminem with the lyrics and the production.  "I Gotta Story To Tell" Canibus disses Jay-Z and Roc-a-fella I'm not sure as to why but he ripped Jay-Z.  On "Draft Me" probably the most hardcore song Canibus actually does some battle rhymes where he takes out some anger on the Taliban, but the song could also be a diss to the ignorance of artists who purposely make songs at the spur of the moment just to attract more fans <cough Dr. Dre>... Some 'what to expect' Canibus songs are "The Rip Off", "Box Cutter", "Draft Me", and maybe "I Gotta Story to Tell"... Even with the VERY VERY RUSHED release of this CD (i'm guessing 1-2 months because some lyrics are obviously made after the terrorist attack) he executes a wack CD that still sounds decent... He promises for a release next spring and I'm expecting that long waited gem from Canibus... and look forward for the Horsemen CD... C True Hollywood Stories is not supposed to be taken seriously... expect a 64 minute joke on the commercial rap world... I'm Out... Mind Power!!!     