 This album contains the usual celebrity bashing, battle rapping, anger filled style songs... but it also contains a different side of Eminem. There are emotional songs, music / political songs, and Em even experiments by using different production methods for songs (more instrument filled tracks)...  This could be an Eminem album either loved or hated by Eminem's long-time fans... some fans may be turned off by these songs because they sound less hiphop orientated, but for fans who are not afraid to hear something different this could be the perfect album for you... On an MTV2 interview Eminem stated that guitars are not used alot in hiphop and on this album he takes advantage of the instrument, and a good number of the tracks on this contain some guitar playing.... AND HE DID A GOOD JOB!!! It helped give the instrumentals more life and made them more tolerable to listen to as Em flowed over them... Lyrically Eminem's flow has improved VERY WELL and he still contains that emotion behind the words, but it seems his vocab has gotten simpler... but then again as long as he proves his point, big words don't' matter.... Eminem addresses musical / political issues on "White America" where he talks about how racism in music benefited him. He talks about his downfall relationship with his mother on "Cleaning Out My Closet". In "Square Dance" Eminem replies to Canibus with a couple jabs, this may become one of hiphop's greatest feuds ever (i got my money on canibus though).  On "Sing For The Moment" Eminem talks about how musical influence on children may be nightmares for parents because they refuse to accept it. "Superman" is how Eminem brags he is the super-man that's SINGLE and brags about his lovelife. "Hailie's Song" is an ode to his daughter where he actually SINGS, which may have mixed reviews for some fans, but I enjoyed it... Along with his 'serious' songs Eminem also has the playful / battle tracks. "Without Me", "Square Dance", "Drips", "When The Music Stops", and a VERY VERY HOT TRACK "Say What You Say" where Dre and Em talk about how they handle their opponents... But some songs do fail to capture me such as "Soldier", "Say Goodbye Hollywood", and even "'Till I Collapse" (the drumline is IRRITATING in it and hurt the track alot)...  Overall it's definitely a good album by Eminem... It may satisfy some, but it may turn off others... It matters how open people are to different material... There's still plenty shiners on here.... Only reason it doesn't get a 5-star rating is because it seems that in areas it could've been better, but its above average all over.... The bonus DVD is a nice add on to the CD (maybe cuz i got it for free)... there's bonus freestyles in it, interviews of eminem, 8 Mile trailer, and the bonus 'Slim Shady Cartoon' (the cartoon is really the only highlight of the DVD)...  the live freestyles were NICE on the ears but the camera man looked like he had Parkison's disease.  I sat through 2 interviews then after that i skipped through the rest cuz it was too repetitive.  When I first saw the 8 Mile trailer as a preview for "How High" it looked really well, but after watching eminem interviews i realized his acting is exactly how he sounds 'indifferent and mindless' almost looking like he has no acting skills...  however the Slim Shady cartoon was hysterical which made the DVD all worth it...   but overall the DVD was entirely the price i got it for FREE...  i think i'll just stick to buying Em's albums If u like Eminem, check out Chino XL... Chino, the King of Punchlines, was hiphop's first celebrity basher and he may have influenced Eminem to diss everyone too... give Chino his well deserved props and pick up "I Told You So" and "Here To Save You All"...     