 This album contains the usual celebrity bashing, battle rapping, anger filled style songs... but it also contains a different side of Eminem.  There are emotional songs, music / political songs, and Em even experiments by using different production methods for songs (more instrument filled tracks)...  This could be an Eminem album either loved or hated by Eminem's long-time fans... some fans may be turned off by these songs because they sound less hiphop orientated, but for fans who are not afraid to hear something different this could be the perfect album for you...  On an MTV2 interview Eminem stated that guitars are not used alot in hiphop and on this album he takes advantage of the instrument, and a good number of the tracks on this contain some guitar playing....  AND HE DID A GOOD JOB!!!  It helped give the instruments more life and made them more tolerable to listen to as Em flowed over them... Lyrically Eminem's flow has improved VERY WELL and he still contains that emotion behind the words, but it seems his vocab has gotten simpler... but then again as long as he proves his point, big words don't' matter.... Eminem addresses musical / political issues on "White America" where he talks about how racism in music benefited him.  He talks about his downfall relationship with his mother on "Cleaning Out My Closet".  On "Sing For The Moment" Eminem talks about how musical influence on children may be nightmares for parents because they refuse to accept it.  "Superman" is how Eminem brags he is the super-man that's SINGLE and brags about his lovelife.  "Hailie's Song" is an ode to his daughter where he actually SINGS, which may have mixed reviews for some fans, but I enjoyed it... Along with his 'serious' songs Eminem also has the playful / battle tracks.  "Without Me", "Square Dance", "Drips", "When The Music Stops", and a VERY VERY HOT TRACK "Say What You Say" where Dre and Em talk about how they handle their opponents... But some songs do fail to capture me such as "Soldier", "Say Goodbye Hollywood", and even "'Till I Collapse" (the drumline is IRRITATING in it and hurt the track alot)...  Overall it's definitely a good album by Eminem... It may satisfy some, but it may turn off others... It matters how open people are to different material...  There's still plenty shiners on here.... Only reason it doesn't get a 5-star rating is because it seems that in areas it could've been better, but its above average all over.... If u like Eminem, check out Chino XL...  Chino, the King of Punchlines, was hiphop's first celebrity basher and he may have influenced Eminem to diss everyone too...  give Chino his well deserved props and pick up "I Told You So" and "Here To Save You All"... I'm Out... Mind Power!!!     