 'The Soul Purpose' was an exceptionally good release from 7L & Eso that was really unfairly hated upon.  It was a 20 track CD filled with a lot of good songs ("Speaking Real Words" "Jealous Over Nothing", accompanied by some average tracks ("You Know The Concept" "Mic Mastery"), and a few that didn't come all that well ("Guestlist")...  It probably was hated upon because of Eso's previous cyborg-android scientific type of material switched over to a cocky arrogant battler with simpler rhyming schemes. Where ever there were mistakes on 'The Soul Purpose', 'Dangerous Connection' not only corrects them, but PERFECTS everything on the album!  Every single track is banging on this album!!  7L's mediocre production has improved exponentially and Esoteric's flow just compliments the beats even more.  Plus if you felt that there was too much battle type of material on the last album, 'Dangerous Connection' comes with a bunch of good conceptual songs... "Terrorist's Cell" - first off ANYTHING produced by Stoupe (jedi mind tricks) will have an off the wall type of beat.  Esoteric's lyrics explain the mind of a 9/11 terrorist going through with his crusade... but after finally seeing his wrongdoing it's too late... This is not only a controversial song, but it is executed INCREDIBLY well (the re-play button will be on this for a few times)... "Word Association" - another creative track where Esoteric raps about being a psychotic patient rapping 'word association' with a doctor.  A very humorous track... "Stalker" - a hilarious tale about a guy who stalks teenage girls that he has fantasies of... this runs along the same type of humor "Jealous over Nothing" had... "Herb" - along with teenyboppers and Nelly fans, herbs are something else I detest.  Esoteric arrogantly defines the term herb all throughout the track ... "Rest In Peace" - a clever concept song where Eso rhymes about himself passing on and how his music ALL OF A SUDDEN is known, and how there are album profit problems among his family and friends... And the rest of the tracks are the usual Esoteric battle/android type of material... NOTHING on this material is WEAK by any means (there are no blunders like Guestlist)...  The ONLY thing that annoyed me about this CD is that it was kinda short in comparison with Soul Purpose.  But the REALLY hot beats and rhymes make up for the length... remember its QUALITY folks not QUANTITY support underground hiphop I'm out... Mind power!!!     