 First and foremost, do not be frightened by the slightly bling-like nature the album cover depicts.  As the saying goes "don't judge a book by its cover", do the same for this CD.  Nowhere on here is Canibus acting jiggy or throwing us life-less garbage on the microphone like most mainstream artists do.  This CD is sorta like Canibus's crack at going mainstream again, but keeping it grimey enough to not alienate his long-time fans.  Production is handled nicely by Nottz and the other producers, but not every beat is blazing, some fall in the 'average' pile that do not stand out.  The majority of the negative reviews this album has received is because they are unfairly comparing it to a bootleg that wasn't supposed to be released.  They are just upset that not every song is 'new material'.  This is another album that was spoiled by early bootlegging in the beginning of 2005.  The album was originally supposed to be released in May, but 14 tracks (6 of which appear in altered formats on this album) were leaked as the through the unreleased 'Virtruvian Man' mixtape...  Honestly, the Virtruvian Man is slightly better than this album (probably because it was supposed to be pressed as HIPHOP FOR SALE - with the exception of the freestyled tracks)...  Rather, some tracks from Virtruvian Man were released on HH4S along with some newer unheard tracks...  Tracks with *'s appeared on Virtruvian Man (I will be as unbiased as possible with song reviews)  Its No Other Than * (5 out of 5) --- This is the album's first single and this joint is a banger.  Nottz produced a really funky track and Bis is triumphantly screaming over it.  This version is remastered from Virtruvian Man and has extra vocals added into it.  Back Wit Heat * --- (4.5 out of 5) Another Nottz track, but with a much grimier feel than Its No Other Than.  Here Bis is showcasing his ability to craft some menacing rhymes over darker production.  This version is remastered from its original one.  Benny Riley --- (4 out of 5) The beat is real funky and grimey, although Bis's vocals are way too raspy over this.  Still a good track though.  Show Em How * --- (4 out of 5) This is a really funky beat from Nottz.  Bis is spitting comical lethal rhymes at the listener.    Dear Academy *  (3.5 out of 5) --- This is the track that everyone loves to hate.  Personally it's not AS crazy as the other tracks, but it provides a cool introspective on Canibus as he's talking about all the people he's worked with in the past who've blown up since then...  I Gotcha * (3.5 out 5) --- This track's original version from Virtruvian Man was better.  DMP is on this version though, but their vocals are too quiet.  The mixing on this track ruined what was otherwise a hot song.  So Into You (2.5 out of 5) --- Interesting, pretty much sums up the review here.  Canibus is spittin a love ballad, oddly enough its still pretty decent although very unorthodox.  He gets points for the versatility...  Da Facelift * (10 out of 5) --- This track did appear on Virtuvian Man but with a different beat.  The production on this version is godly.  The Canibus of old is 100% present here.  ABSOLUTE BANGER OF A TRACK!!!  Hip Hop Body Rock (5 out of 5) --- Like 'So Into You' this is another side from Canibus I didn't see coming, however, this representation is shown MUCH better.  A very funky and crazy track!  Take Dat (3.5 out of 5) --- Two very lackluster tracks close off the album.  The production on this track is very lacking for Bis's vocals although its not a bad beat.  The main problem is after the first minute of the track Bis is done spittin and you get 2 no-names after that.  Punchlines (3 out of 5) --- I want to like this song but I cannot.  Lyrically its hot, but the beat is just eeeeehhhhh depressing...    All in all this is still a decent album, but the overall hotness on it comes at random times.  Another complaint is that its only 42 minutes long.  I WANT TO HEAR MORE!!!  I just wish the Virtuvian Man was never leaked because I garauntee that HipHop 4 $ale would've been much hotter!!!  I'd still cop it though!     