 "Canib---h don't want to beef with Slim, NOOOOOOO" - Eminem (from Square Dance)  It's really funny how Eminem is concentrating only on Benzino right now and totally avoiding Canibus.  Sure shows the b---- in Slim... It's about time that hiphop's best-kept secret, Canibus, started making noise again.  After last year's controversial, misunderstood, blunder 'C True Hollywood Stories', Bis put out something truly great both lyrically and production-wise... 'Mic Club: The Cirriculum' is intended for hardcore Bis fans or underground fans abroad.  The complex highly intelligent rhyming on this will be over any Nelly fan's head!  This is just straight hardcore LYRICS LYRICS LYRICS....  there are basically NO choruses to be found on this CD!!  (who needs a chorus anyway)  This'll satisfy anybody's lyrical appetite...  Bis goes well beyond 100 bars almost on each song... (he has the ability to make 100 bars look like an easy task now!) The best thing Canibus has ever done in his career was to form an alliance with Jedi Mind Tricks!  Even though there's only one track with them, having Bis rhyme over a Stoupe beat was the perfect ingredient to a bangin' CD!  (Canibus & Stoupe - will be releasing a CD next spring--- be ready to cream your pants)... Stand out tracks:  "Poet Laurette" - has a 100 bars feel to it... Bis going all out on an old-school style beat "Allied Meta-Forces" - Bis & G Rap are a dangerous tag-team "Cenior Studies" - WOW! "Drama A/T" - see review for Cenior Studies "Dr. C PHD" - completely craps all over Eminem "Bis vs. Rip" - Canibus battles his own alter ego...  this sounds like a schizophrenic track "Liberal Arts" - Canibus and JMT --- HISTORY IN THE MAKING "Cirriculum 101" - JUST STRAIGHT ILL... takes more stabs at Eminem... * notice how basically the stand out tracks I mentioned make up about 80% of the album...  This CD is like '2000 BC' and all of the 'Pre-Can-I-Bus' multiplied by 10!  This CD is worth the $$$ you pay for it...  Don't sleep, support Canibus, support underground hiphop.... Hiphop is dying... I'm Out... Mind Power!!     