 Hi-tek is one of hiphop's best DJs out there (along with DJ Premiere and Pete Rock). He's brought us a first taste of his genius on the "Blackstar LP" , a couple jams with ex-member from A Tribe Called Quest Phife Dawg , and the absolute beautiful harmonies all over the Reflection Eternal LP "Train Of Thought" along side with partner Talib Kweli.... Just like how Talib Kweli has made his appearances with Hi-Tek absent, we see the Cincinatti native have his own time to shine with help of course... First off musically I would rate this cd about a 4.75 out of 5. Every track has its own originallity. Some happen to have weaker lyricists on it and some tracks by artists you normally would see Tek work with, but that showcases Hi-Tek's ability to be able to piece together beats for other types of artists. And the result comes out very well.... favorite tracks musically: "Sun God" , "Breakin Bread" , "All I Need Is You" , "Round and Round" , "Get Ta Steppin" , "There From Hi-Tek" , and "Illest It Gets"... however sinse Lyricist Lounge 2 we've seen Tek show a bad beat and unfortunately "LTAH" was ... Lyrically this CD was good and bad, a 3.5 out of 5... Common leaves his brillance all over "Sun God" , usual comrade Talib Kweli rips the mic on "Get Back" and "There from Hitek" , "Breakin Bread" is best lyrical track , Cormega does a some what decent job , and Mos Def is a gifted vocalist but when he's on a CD i gotta hear his rap and get vocal so he shines both ways and your not left wondering... Jinx Da Juvy was just plain awful ..., Jonell is too boring, Slum Village didn't capture me at all on this, and Buckshot turned me off... This is a decent CD that could've had better artists on it, but maybe Hi-Tek decided to show his abilities by working with all types of rappers. He can make a beat for anyone BOTTOM LINE! And for the real hiphop heads, this is the type of CD to maybe borrow off a friend or buy on sale... but unless u gotta programed glitch to buy any REAL hiphop cats material "go for it" I'm Out...Mind Power     