 What do you get when you place 3 of the most unique hiphopers together?  You get one of the most unique albums to come out in a while.  Co-Flow is the originators of this 'new' style of hiphop.  I truthfully don't know how to explain it.  Only Mr. Len could take blackboard nail scratching beats and add a bassline and make it sound like a beautiful harmony... And only El-Producto and Bigg Jus could flow some equally stomach twisting rhymes triggering off nerve endings in your brain... Other than later Co-Flow offshoots like Cannibal OX, Aesop Rock, etc, Outkast is the only other rap group to come out with a abnormally unique hiphop style...anyway about Funcrusher Plus overall its bananas.  Its something truly different and the end result will leave you happy.  The only thing bad about Co-Flow's 'independent as f**k' style is that I kinda had to force myself to get into it, which is usually a bad sign, but fortunately I gave into it and later cherished this product... This album gets kicked off with "Bad Touch" which starts off with a hilarious skit about 'how touching people is sometimes wrong' and Bigg Jus and El-P cracked me up with some funny lyrics.  I had high expectations for the rest of the album and they were met.  Especially with "8 Steps to Perfection", "Collude Intrude", "Blind", "Vital Nerve", "The Fire In Which You Burn", "Last Good Sleep", "Info Kill II", and others... "Patriotism" is Co-Flow's best joint, however that track is only available on Soundbombing II. All 3 members get to highlight their abilities.  El-P and Bigg Jus got their solo tracks (El-P had "Last Good Sleep" which was great. Bigg Jus had "Lune TNS" which had a great beat that he, himself, produced but his lyrics made NO sense what so ever).  And Mr. Len got to close out the album with a 3 minute long instrumental that he scratched all over... There's really barely any let-downs on this CD.  Even the unexplainable tracks on the CD where enjoyable.  Co-Flow later released an instrumental only CD which I haven't heard yet.  But Co-Flow then broke up and Bigg Jus went his separate way.  El-P and Mr. Len now have their own label Def Jux which put out a dope a hell mini compilation out introducing Aesop Rock and Cannibal Ox to me, which had me with all smiles... If your looking for something different this CD is for you. I'm Out... Mind Power!!!     