 Here's a disclaimer about this album:  Canibus spit his rhymes acapella and sent them to Stoupe to lace beats his vocals (and had only a month to do so).  Stoupe did such a majestic job that any flaws are incredibly hard to notice.  Canibus spit some pretty complex rhymes, but the vibe created from the finished product only complimented Canibus even more... With that said here's my review.  Stoupe opens things up with a mysteriously spooky introduction letting the listener be aware of the violent actions of 'the ripper'.  Immediately we're hit with the god-like opener "Genabis", which samples Phillip Glass's composition from Candyman.  Canibus explains how he created rap and how he's one of the most important figures of hiphop.  "Levitibus" is another banger by Stoupe filled with an array of different instruments.  Meanwhile Canibus spits with the feriousity of a warrior and even shows moments of struggle "i'm above average with verbal cemantics / the arora borealis in the form of a rap ballad / they look at me like poor bastard / why can't u manipulate BillBoard with all your metaphor magic? / I went through a long period of morning and sadness when I wrote that Stan sh**".  Next is the Jewish-sounding "M Sea Cresy" where Bis is just spitting some intelligent metaphors.  The reggae-inspired "No Return" follows up and Canibus gets into story mode.  Bis tells 3 separate tales where the narrator dies in 3 different ways (in the hands of ignorant people, the wrong place at the wrong time, while trying to save another person's life).  RTJ's first single, the middle-eastern sounding 'Spartibus' has Bis spitting 2000BC-like battle rhymes.  2 Spanish sounding tracks follow next "Indibisible" and "Showtime At The Gallows".  Then we're hit with 2 mysteriously dark tracks "Pysch Evaluation" and "Cemantics"...    The album closes off with what could quite be 'one of the most lyrically intense tracks ever recorded in hiphop' -- The God-Like POET LAUREATE II.  Canibus's alter-ego, Rip The Jacker, is paying homage to his commercial appealing personality 'Canibus' while Stoupe changes the beat 4 TIMES.  The track clocks in at a little over 7 minutes but its so intense that it just flies on by.  "I followed his career from the first day / it seemed the lack of support contributed to his inert ways / i've seem him put in 24 hour work days with differed pay undetered by the word pain / public humiliation was the worst pain / he was spinning out of control like a class-five hurricane / he said he wouldn't want another emcee to suffer the same especially when there was nothing to gain / he was the illest alive but nobody would face it / he spit til his tongue was too torched to taste it".  After RTJ lets out his homage to Canibus he goes on to read one of "Canibus's" rhymes in the 2nd part of the song.  This section of the song gets a little bit complex but its a more creative form of ventilation, plus it includes a couple blazing hot lines: "a wise man sees failure as progress / a fool divorces his logic and misses the logic / and loses his soul in the process / obsessed with nonsense with a caricature that has no content / my style is masterful, multilateral / i can battle a fool and be naturally cruel...  then the beat changes 2 times again where Canibus finished off by saying hiphop hasn't been the same since 1988 and  closes off by responding to all the backlash he's been receiving 'you need to replace the hate with respect'...  The album clocks in at 45 minutes (some would say that's too short), but guess what 'Illmatic' is 40 minutes.  Another fun fact is that some people look at this album as 2003's version of Illmatic.  Now I'm a major Canibus fan, but that's a really tall order, but this album comes damn near close!  I'm Out, Mind Power!!!     