 Rashid hits us with his long awaited 4th album "Like Water For Chocolate" after a 3 year break, but he makes appearances elsewhere:  Roots - "Love Of My Life", "1-9-9-9", Pharoahe Monch - "The Truth", etc...  Where as of now he's even more mentally evolved, constantly searching through his mind for innovative ideas.  Sinse "Can I Borrow A Dollar?" Com's been slowly maturing and first introduced us to his non-humorous side on "One Day It'll All Make Sense" so I kinda knew what to expect from Com when I first about "Like Water..." I was right partially of what to expect, but Common's surprised me in a good way... He ressurects "Retrospect For Life" (my favorite all-time song) with "A Song For Asatta"...  and he leaves his marks with other well crafted tracks "The Sixth Sense", "The Light", and "Dooinit" ... But what really impressed me with this CD was how well produced it was, it came out smooth as hell and each track flowed into one another making the CD seem like a journey of music rather than a bunch of tracks placed together in random order (another good example Talib Kweli - "Reflection Eternal")... Every track is good in itself, some better than others...  Com puts his entire soul into this and uses all parts of his personality: "A Film Called (Pimp)" he actually makes the career of pimping a mockery, "The Light" he openly expresses a love-letter, "Dooinit" he takes stabs at "jiggy" fake-emcees, "Payback Is A Grandmother" he tells us a story about some thugs robbing his grandmother, and "A Song For Assata" he tells about the mistreatment of assata shakur during her fight for freedom...   Common is one of the best hiphop artists to ever surface and this is probably one of hiphop's CDs best ever released, but some parts on this CD get boring after listening a 1000 times... "Funky For You" is drawn out, "Questions" is a little slow, and some other parts are a bit lengthy, but the badness gets cancelled out by the surplus of dopeness on this release... Do yourself a favor and drop that Bling Bling nonsense and pick up a CD by an artist who makes rap look good... I'm Out...mind power!     