 I've always had respect for Eminem and I appreciate that he still works with less popular artists to give them a chance to shine.  I'm not that crazy for his current stance in hiphop, but I still hold respect for him... We really get a first taste of D12 off "Under The Influence" on the 'Marshall Mathers LP' where they were off the wall and outshined Eminem without a doubt.  They also had a track off 'The Peace Maker' compilation from Tony Touch called "Get Back" that was also a good appearance from them...  Then finally they got the world's attention on "Purple Pills".  Which was the sole purpose to why I bought 'Devils Night', which ended up being a mistake because I should've listened to a few more songs off the CD before buying it... First the positive sides of the CD: "Sh*t Can Happen" (verbal), "Pistol Pistol", "Ain't Nothing But Music" (verbal), "Purple Pills", "Instigator", and "Pimp Like Me" (verbal)... plus members : Proof, Kuniva, Kon Artis, and Swifty all have the potential to be good lyricists... Now the negative sides of the CD: "Sh*t Can Happen" (awful chorus, toilet beat), "Nasty Mind", "Ain't Nothing But Music" (lack of creativity hurt this cuz the beat was very similar to 'Real Slim Shady'), "Pimp Like Me" (awful chorus and Bizarre ruins what could've been one of the highlight tracks)... I don't care about offensive lyrics because usually I laugh at them, but lyrics on this were empty humor and empty perversions.  No variety! Overall I would've given this CD a 2.5 star rating, but its not worth a 3 star rating.  As I said before Swifty, Proof, Kon Artis, and Kuniva all have excellent lyrical ability and have potential to be good artists, but Bizarre is an awful awful rapper...  Eminem doesn't hurt this group nor bring them up, but Bizarre brings them down miserably.  I like Bizarre's sadistic unmoral ideas but he cannot rap if his life depended on it.  Plus the production on this CD also hurt the album, at times Eminem is capable of great production "Instigator", "Pistol Pistol", "Purple Pills"... but he's also capable of bad production "Sh*t Can Happen", "Ain't Nothing But Music" and alot of tracks on this CD sounded very alike to those on the 'Marshall Mathers LP'... Eminem should've allowed D12 to hire their own producers rather than allowing Dre to add his bad influence to it, cuz this CD could've been 1000 times better...and unfortunately D12 went the wrong direction in hiphop!     