 Let me state this before I say anything else --- "THIS OR THAT" is much much much much much better than this album.  I mean its awesome to see that Sway & Tech still care about hiphop and lyricism as much as I do, but you can't even compare this album to This or That...  infact even the album SAMPLER released on Sway & Tech's website was better than this album!  This or That was a mixtape that was a continuous flow of tracks, that blended so well together --- even the old school break in This Or That was showcasing how there were still rappers holding on to old school heritage.  'Back to Basics' continues the old school trend, but only in small dosages.  Most of the R&B sung tracks tried to make lyrical heavyweights look commericalized and it didn't exactly mix well together.  Chino XL & Tracy Lane did not mix well at all...  Anyway before I start complaining anymore, let me say why this album is also very good at times.  Dirty Birdy was incredibly entertaining to listen to.  Chino XL & Canibus FINALLY made a track together along with a hot appearance by Royce da 5'9.  In fact, ALL the lyrics were very on point.  Chino XL finally released some new material (OH I WISH HE WOULD GET SOME BETTER MANAGEMENT!!!)... although I REALLY FROWNED AT the 2000 live freestyle by him because it was released 4-5 years ago!!!  Crooked Eye got some shine and his tracks were all fire (even though I heard the outro's verse before).  RZA's intro was pretty hot.  Dirty Birdy was fun as hell to listen to.  Juice's track was really heart-felt!  Even the rappers who popped up just for ONE verse all spit something hot (especially Canibus)...  I'm just a little upset that some tracks on here were just some previously released material, rather than all the tracks being exclusively made for this compilation...  Either way, the album is stil 4.5 stars and the addition of the DVD to watch all the rappers in the booth helped to elevate this to a 5 star album...  Curiousity killed the cat, but if u come across this album for the first time.  Your curiousity will be awarded --- in fact you'll definately be at least somewhat satisfied!     