 Even back in the Funcrusher Plus days El-P claimed that he thought himself as insane, but technically every musician has his or her own degree of insanity.  Musicians sometimes get so involved with their music that it drags them into their own world.  El-P is insane enough to drag himself and others into his own "UNIVERSE" altering physics.  'Fantastic Damage' is pure insanity accompanied by clashing noises, organs, and record scratching, that is organized into a beautiful harmony.  This whole album I would consider as organized chaos... each song has its own uniqueness and will trigger sensors in your brain.... El-P lyrically seems to have stepped up a notch and his production is still bonkers.  (however production on Funcrusher Plus was better, but this is just as good almost)...  Some definite highlights on this album "that I'm able to explain" are "Stepfather Factory" which is a continuation of "Last Good Sleep".  The music of the song sounds like you're actually in a factory while El-P talks about a heartless organization that makes a heartless product.  "T.O.J." (which is definitely one of the best songs I've ever heard in my life) El-P talks about how he was so overdemanding in a relationship that his own psychotic priorities caused his relationship to end and for him to have a nervous breakdown.  The true gem in that song is when the music changes and he's thanking the girl for teaching him a lesson.  "Constellation Funk" El-p talks about his family and what they had to go through and hopes the best for everyone.... highlights on this cd : Deep Space 9MM, Tuned Mass Damper, Delorian, The Nang..., Stepfather Factory, TOJ, Innocent Leader, Constellation Funk, and Blood however there are a few minor downsides to this cd...  it may sound SO abstract at times that some moments may be unbearable to listen to for the first time...  Some of the songs may be too chaotic and sound too unorganized (example Lazerface Warning... i cannot listen to that track cuz its too irritating) but ignore the downsides and check out this CD... if your really open to something different this is for you... if there were more TOJ type of songs this would've been an essential CD to own... I'm Out... Mind Power!     