 YING -- insane lyrical content & delivery YANG -- the occasional recycled verse  YING -- really dark 'omnipotent' production YANG -- Agallah's inconsistent production, NO STOUPE  YING -- some golden obscure material YANG -- that same material was released dating 4 years ago...  YING -- an above average album YANG -- yet has some obvious problems  'Violent By Design' was like listening to 36 Chambers for the first time again.  Jedi Mind Tricks introduced us to violent, menacing, atmospheric, islamic philosophy accompanied by probably one of the greatest producers ever, Stoupe....  Violent By Design also introduced us to New Jersey-born rapper, Jus Allah...  Jus Allah became infamous shortly after departing Jedi Mind Tricks by becoming the male-equivalent of Lauren Hill.  His biased five-percenter influenced attitude hurt his career more than it helped.  'White Nightmare', 'Reign of the Lord', and 'Divide & Conquer' were released during the height of anti-Jus Allahism and as a WHITE person who loves hiphop, I enjoyed all three of those tracks.  Musically his 5%er viewpoints are harmless, in fact playful at times...  Later on it was revealed to be a little bit of a gimmick to help him sell, and Jus Allah apologized in an interview...  All Fates Have Changed is a clashing combination of new (BABYGRANDE) material with older & slightly doper (OMNIPOTENT) material.  Jus Allah was with Omnipotent Records for 3 years and his album kept getting pushed back.  All the non-Agallah tracks are from this era.  Agallah's tracks range from being crazy hype to incredibly annoying repetative synthesized crap...  Some of the newer tracks on this album seemed to look like Jus and Agallah rushed through them in order to finish on time...  Even the guest spots fluctuated from being great and refreshing to slightly annoying...  OVERALL --- i'm happy to see that Jus Allah finally got his material to be released, but he also had 4 YEARS to create 'mostly' BRAND NEW material...  I'm looking forward towards his contributions on 'TORTURE PAPERS' and JMT's next album...     