 Before the Slim Shady LP, a no-name emcee named Eminem was probably ripping the mic at the Lyricist Lounge or other underground hiphop spots...back when he was an ill lyricist hungry for attention by scaring you ... with raw punchlines and excellent verbal battling ability. Back when he was able to step into a rhyme cypher with Canibus, Mos Def, Last Emperor, and Chino XL and dominate... To a hiphop standpoint, by focusing on his lyrics and comparing with his earlier efforts, this CD is the beginning of his downfall... But with the variety of ideas it saves the CD. And by being so creative brings it up to 5 stars... Highlights of the CD: My Name Is (verbal part), Guilty Conscience (highly creative track), Brain Damage (clever storytelling), Bonnie & Clyde (very creative yet disturbing song), Role Model, As The World Turns, Bad Meets Evil (dope lyrics on this), and Still Don't Give A **** Some negative sides of the CD: My Name Is (chorus and music), My Fault (OK story but annoying harmony)... plus if he had a more dependable producer we'd hear better beats... Unfortunately, because he's not on a dependable label he's forced to rap to garbage beats (which is Dre's specialty, but this release are some of his better ones), he's forced to do exactly what the higher level employees he works with say. He's not able to make his own decisions and the contoversy that has become of him has forced him to listen to Dre and others and rap about that instead of making his own ideas... ARTIST - one that can use their imaginative ability to create something... But, none the less, an excellent debut CD by a good artist who's stuck with a bad label... Hopefully one day Slim will wake up and leave DRE in his footprints and join a true HIPHOP label 'RAWKUS' ... but the Slim Shady LP is no where near as horrific as the Marshall Mathers LP plus he's not the only white rapper out there today: Evidence (Dilated Peoples), The High and Mighty, Smut Peddlers, Everlast/Whitey Ford, El-P (Company Flow), and RA Rugged Man... I'm Out ... Mind Power!     