 Even before finishing this book, I began recommending to all my friends at least to read it, even if they are not inclined to buy it. Now, after I finished it, I became even more convinced that everybody who is interested in economics, current affairs or just in reading some thought provoking book, should read  "the Flight of creative class ". In this book, Florida continues to develop the idea that the growth of national, regional or city's economy is defined by its ability to attract and retain the members of creative class. His "Three T" theory (Talant, Technology, Tolerance) includes one component that does not exist in classic works on economic growth -  tolerance. According to Florida, this component is the absolute prerequisite for everything else.  All those ideas, together with supporting research, you can also find in his previous book "The rise of creative class". But while the first book made me to nod in agreement, the second one made me gasp. What's the difference? In this book, Florida adds an international dimension and explains the reasons behind US economics losing its competitive advantage - which for years was based on America's ability to attract and retain the most talented people in the world.  Even though most of us would agree - on the common sense level - that this ability is degrading, the amount of supporting evidence provided in the book is amazing. It includes both statistical data and some real life stories (which make the book more readable for the average reader like myself). In addition, Florida analyzes many related issues and provides very actionable plan ... not sure if it is realistic, provided that for its implementation the politicians will have to check their egos at the door! And this is another point, which makes this book really unique in the modern times: Florida does not take political sides; he objectively analyses both parties' programs and point of view... but honestly, I was not even able to guess where his vote went on the last election. One of the best and most interesting for me chapters is the one, where Florida analyzes the role of immigrants in the economic growth. I did not know, for example, that 5 out of ten richest people in the history of America were immigrants... and this is just top of the top of the iceberg. Obviously, there are some points where I don't buy Florida's arguments. To begin with, you have to be really careful with his definitions before you become totally impressed by the stats. For example, if the definition of creative class includes managers , and the contribution of each class is measured by their salary...well, isn't it obvious that the "contribution" of creative class is higher than their relative percentage? This is, however, minor. The bigger issue for me is... well, I live in Toronto, one of these international creative centres phraised by Florida. While I agree with him in respect to the level of tolerance in Toronto as compared to US, I still wish to see Toronto becoming more important, more creative, more vibrating and high-tech... I am almost tempted to add the fourth "T" of Taxes to FLorida's model, but that's just being cynical. On more serious note, Florida's theory is interesting and looks more viable than most of modern economic theories, but is still does miss some elements - may be, we will see them in his next book?     