 The South Park kids are back yet again with what I think is, one of the finer seasons.  So many great plots with so many classic moments and so much crude humor, just about every episode is classic and you should just not be without it.  Scott Tenorman Must Die: Cartman gets ripped off by the teenage Scott Tenorman which makes Cartman want to get back at him, and like most things with Cartman, it becomes one hilarious obsession.  Radiohead guest stars.  It Hits the Fan: The famous episode where s**t was said 162 times.  After hearing the word on T.V., everybody in South Park starts saying it which brings back an old curse.  Cripple Fight: We see the introduction of the other crippled kid Jimmy and also the return of Big Gay Al when the kids join scouts.  After being thrown out for being gay, the kids try to get Al back in as leader, while the hate between Jimmy and Timmy culminates in a "CRIPPLE FIGHT".  Super Best Friends: David Blaine starts his own cult and everyone except Stan joins, realizing that the Blainians are not what they appear as.  In trying to save his friends, Stan gets the help of the Super Best Friends, which consists of some of the most famous Religous heroes.  Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow: Terrence and Phillip break up over creative differences and the boys have to unite them for Earth Day.  Cartmanland: Cartman inherits $1 million and builds his own theme park, when Kyle develpos a hemorrhoid and begins to question whether it is worth to go on living when Cartman is happy.  Proper Condom Use: The children are subjected to sex education, thanks to Stan, by Mr. Mackey and Ms. Choksondik, in what becomes one of the most disgusting relationships ever.  Towelie: Another classic character is introduced, Towelie.  A stoner towel who was developed in a secret government project and is responsible for the theft of the boys new video game system, which they will stop at nothing to get back.  Osama Bin Laden Has Farty Pants: The boys are accidentally sent to Afghanistan and must fight Osama and the Taliban in a mock looney tunes type of thing.  How to Eat With Your Butt:  Kenny's "better side finds" its way onto a milk carton and a new butt-faced couple show up in South Park to find their missing child.  The Entity: Kyle's cousin Kyle shows up and is repeatedly being ditched by the boys who just can't get rid of him.  Mr. Garrison creates a "different" mode of transportation.  Here Comes The Neighborhood: Token succeeds in luring other rich kids to South Park, while the other residents will do anything to get them to leave.  Kenny Dies: In one very touching episode, especially from Cartman (till the end at least)sees Kenny dying of a disease while Cartman fights for stem cell research and Stan finds trouble dealing with the loss.  Butters' Very Own Episode: Butter's comes back in his own episode, which sees him getting in all kinds of trouble, and shows the true side of his family.     