 I was actually able to get my hands on the Jam's greatest hits collection Gold. It's a two-disc set with disc one being the UK version of Sound of the Jam.  The only difference with the US and UK versions is that the UK has six more songs.  So basically, I own Sound of the Jam, and it is hard to say I am not pleased with.  It serves as perhaps the perfect start and introduction to this very under appreciated band.  It's in a nice chronological order, so it's easy to see how far the band progressed in their short career.  In America the Jam is a very underrated band and this CD shows how underrated they truly are.   Unlike most greatest hits compilations, this one is dominated by album cuts.  This is both good and bad.  The good is that songs that only big fans who own the albums hear, can now be heard by a wider audience.  Great songs such as "Thick as Thieves "and" Ghosts, which are not usually put on other compilations, are now thrown with songs worth of their company.  The bad part about the album track domination is that many great singles, some which helped define the band, are not present.  "Strange Town" and "When You're Young" were some of the Jam's greatest singles and just flat out good songs, yet they are nowhere to be found.  Neither is "Dreams of Children", which was the other half of their 1980 UK number 1 single.  Even standout album tracks like `"A' Bomb on Wardour Street"', are not here.   While Sound of the Jam serves as probably the greatest introduction for this amazing band, there is a lot to be desired.  Key tracks in the bands catalog are missing when they should definitely be on here.  However, it is good and should be bought by anyone interested in the Jam, or late seventies-early eighties music for that matter.  While not the biggest band in the US, they are of much historical importance in music of the last 30 years.  Standout tracks: In the City, Down in the Tube Station at Midnight, Eton Rifles, Thick as Thieves, Going Underground, Start, That's Entertainment, Town Called Malice.     