 Although the original still firmly stands superior, CSI Miami is nevertheless, a good show that is easy to just sit, watch, and get pulled into.  It's "tense, gripping, exciting drama" as I like to jikingly call, but it's not that far from the truth.  Although the characters can sometimes be a little annoying, it really depends on what you like.  If you like Caruso's cheesy maneurisms, or Emily Proctor's constant cheerfulness, it probably won't bother you and will keep you watching.  These more positive and sunny characters (probably influenced by the city itself) are responsible for making Miami more enjoyable than New York, but also puts it behind Vegas.  These are the season two episodes.  Blood Brothers: A model is the fatal victim of a hit and run, Horatio and Yelina examine their feelings for eachother.  Dead Zone: A man is discovered harpooned while searching for sunken treasure, and the death could be financially motivated.  Hard Time: A woman lured to a condo is found beaten to death, which leads Horatio to a Georgia prison.  Death Grip: A teen tennis star is kidnapped from her bedroom.  Jeff Corwin guest stars  The Best Defense: Owners of a bar are shot dead by a masked gunman.  Also, Calleigh's dad asks for her help with a murder case.  Hurricane Anthony: Trying to escape the fury of a hurricane, a man hits and kills another after being blinded by the storm.  Other deaths are also investigated after the hurricane hits.  Grand Prix: Pit crewman is burned to death in a Miami race, which brings the team into the strange world of racing.  Big Brother: Horatio becomes driven to find his brother Ray's killer, and discovers a niece he never he had.  Bait: After a woman is attacked and killed by a shark, the case becomes strange after it is discovered she was shot first.  Extreme: A young woman is found thrown over the railing of a parking garage, but it is discovered she was already dead.  Complications: A man is discovered hanging in his two-story condo, but the evidence points to murder, and that the killer had a motive.  Witness to Murder: A man carrying $2 million is murdered after he confronts a man who hit his car.  Delko and Speedle investigate the death of a girl killed at a rest stop  Slow Burn: A fire traps Delko and Alexx who are investigating a murder and find another body while trapped.  Stalkerazzi: A photographer is found murdered in his car which leads to 2 movie stars.  Invasion: A surf champion is found murdered which unveils a very troubled family and a person with a good motive for the death  Money for Nothing: An armored truck is robbed which leads to two deaths and an investigation of what happened to the real money.  Wannabe: A wannabe CSI is murdered when he is supposed to testify for the murder of a man stabbed with a butter knife  Deadline: Two young reporters are murdered which leads the CSI team to believe that a survivor's original story was false.  The Oath: A police officer's death proves to be murder and that it wasn't a random crime.  Not Landing: A small plane crashes and kills the pilot.  After an investigation however, evidence shows the pilot died before the crash, which puts Horatio on dangerous ground.  Rap Sheet: A security guard is killed at a rap concert, while a supposedly dead woman wakes up in the morgue.  Mia/Nyc: A young girl finds both her parents murdered which leads Horatio to New York, where he meets the CSI New York team.   Innocent: An adult film actress is murdered and the investigation goes arwy with the loss of a crucial piece of evidence.      