 1965 Rubber Soul was the album that started it all.  It was the album that marked the Beatles going from pop stars, to true music geniuses, beginning the revolutionizing of rock music.  1965 was a busy year for the Beatles; they had tours, T.V. shows, songs to record, and also, the movie Help.  But not even all this would stop the fab four (who would soon be growing out of their "fab" image) from creating one of the greatest albums ever.    Even the untrained ear can tell that Rubber Soul is different that Beatles' albums that came before it (that is, if their ear has been trained enough to listen to those).  The album is much darker and not nearly as upbeat as the 5 previous ones.  The drugs were influencing this change along with, maybe even more so, Bob Dylan.  Around this time Dylan began having a large effect on the Beatles, especially after they met him, when he introduced them to marijuana.  But Dylan was more than just about drugs to the Beatles.  His songwriting made a long-lasting and important impression on them.  The other famous thing about Rubber Soul is the sitar played by George Harrison, on "Norwegian Wood".  Although Harrison would have so many other great accomplishments after Rubber Soul, the sitar has become one of his most famous contributions to rock music.  This began the Beatles exploration of new sounds to apply to their already masterful works.    However, nobody would care about any of these things if the music wasn't great, which it definitely is.  When I'm listening to this album, I tend to see John as the standout songwriter.  After listening to Rubber Soul, it's pretty easy to see why, as he pens "Nowhere Man" and "In My Life".  The sophisticated melodies and more introspective lyrics mark a turning point and a great development in Lennon's songwriting, to accompany the Beatles changing style.  Paul is sure to make an impact as well.  Many people consider "Michelle", a romantic ballad that he has become famous for, to be his best track on the album.  It even won one of the Beatles few Grammy awards.  McCartney also writes the opening rocker "Drive My Car", and "You Won't So Me", a song reminiscent of the Beatles earlier pop songs, but still fits in nicely on Rubber Soul.  George also comes along with his songwriting on "If I Needed Someone"; probably his best work up to this point.  He also writes, "Think For Yourself", which is very similar to his earlier songs, and it is by no means bad.  Ringo gets his first songwriting credit on the country-ish "What Goes On".  Another famous song is John's "Girl": a very simplistic song that's still very good (one of my favorites on the album).    Rubber Soul deserves its place in rock history.  It is held in such high esteem for a reason and I highly recommend it, to anyone interested in or likes classic rock.  It is also one of the most important albums ever, as it marks the Beatles transition into becoming the greatest band of rock n' roll.     