 1968 The Rolling Stones Rock and Roll Circus takes an interesting look back at the music scene of the late 60's.  In doing so, it creates some of the finer and classic performances one may ever see, and some just worth skipping.  The show takes you back to a time where some of these bands were just starting and others were looking for that hit and success to put them in the same league as the Stones for example.  The show begins with Jagger's circus-like introduction where he is the ringmaster.  These little circus bits continue throughout the show and one can expect to find many things that are in real circuses.  These include trapeze type people, and those who enjoy lighting themselves on fire.  But they are enjoyable and worth a watch or two.  Although some people may have wanted them out, it's a CIRCUS people.  The first performance comes from "Jethrooo Tull" who attempt to delight us with "A Song for Jeffery".  It's no spectacular performance and its really more fun to just LOOK at the guys instead of listen (they're funny looking).  Although the flute is an interesting little gimmick, it doesn't really fit in and it becomes quite obvious as to why Tull's performance is considered just a decent rendition of "Jeffery".  But that's all right, it's early in their career and nobody really wanted to see them.  After this, comes one of the greatest performances ever put to film.  Those cameras were barely worthy in putting their lenses on The Who performing "A Quick One (While He's Away).  Let me be yet another person to confirm that The Who do indeed, steal the show.  The Stones weren't expecting this at all and it shows later.  Townshend windmills himself half to death, Daltrey sings and shrieks wildly yet well, Entwistle plays some of the most insane bass riffs of the time, while Moon is, dare I say it, a loon, proving why he is one of the most exciting drummers of all time.  Following a tough act, Taj Mahal doesn't fail to deliver.  Although I didn't know much about them at the time, and I still don't, I must say that they do give a most enjoyable performance that even someone who doesn't really like them can still sit through.  Marianne Faithful's performance is forgettable though.  Nothing outstanding from a hardly outstanding performer and singer.  The Dirty Mac however, give a mix of an incredible performance, and an absolutely annoying performance.  The good part is "Yer Blues", which sadly, is better than the Beatles, mainly because of Clapton (the guy can PLAY).  The second is maybe worth watching once, just to feel complete.  This is caused by Yoko, who after her yelling, destroys a possibly nice jam.   Next is the Rolling Stones.  Their performance is decent, but nothing to The Who.  Yes, it is true that Jagger goes over the top, especially on "Sympathy for the Devil", but there are some particularly nice gems, like "No Expectations", and "You Can't Always Get What You Want".  So, to sum it all up for those who did not feel like reading this long review, this film is definitely worth checking out, and I do highly recommend just getting, as it captures some of the magic that was the 60's.     