 Since the release of their debut album in 1977, The Clash has become one of the most important and influential bands in rock history.  They are the greatest punk band of all time.  They may not have been the most punk.  There is a big difference between being the most punk and the greatest punk band (I just wanted to point that out), and The Clash is the greatest punk band.  No band from 1977-1983, with the possible exception of The Ramones, has had such an impact on rock music as The Clash.  Here's the part where I justify this claim: The Police and U2 (many people would consider these two bands as the greatest of 1977-1983) are a couple of the greatest bands ever; we all know that.  They were more commercially successful, but how many people decided to start a band after hearing either of those guys.  How many successful bands had a direct influence from either the Police or U2, or tried to create a sound much like theirs.  The numbers don't even compare to The Clash.  The Clash did so much for music and were one of the most important and popular bands of one of the most important movements in rock.  The point of the above paragraph is to give a good idea of the impact and importance of The Clash.  Not only that, they were talented musicians, probably the most talented of all the famous bands of the original Punk movement.  Their music, combined with the political edge they gave, is shown throughout the entire "Clash On Broadway". This box set shows better than all other greatest hits cds, that The Clash deserve the spot in rock history.  In the "Clash On Broadway", there is the snarling early punk they started out playing, to the more artistic and masterful works they created later on in their incredible career.  All the greatest songs from all the albums are here, including the great Eps.  Just about every song from the debut album is here, and so is most of "London Calling".  Eleven out of the nineteen songs are on this set, but it's enough to give anyone the idea of what the album is like and about.  "Clash On Broadway" gives an incredibly detailed look at all the different musical styles The Clash played: from straight-up punk rock (just about all of CD 1), to the more experimental and studio demanding songs that are on "London Calling", "Sandinsta", and "Combat Rock".    The other great thing about this set is that along with the three Cds, there are two big booklets.  One is of all the lyrics, and the other has all kinds of great information, including quotes from the band members and others about each song.  I would highly recommend "Clash On Broadway".  Even for people who don't like punk, this is just great music, and I think anybody could really enjoy and appreciate this.  Stand Out Songs: The list is just too long           