 This is by far the greatest documentary on any band, that I've ever seen, and for ten plus hours it better be.  Most people may think that this is too long, however, when watching this the time just flies by.  Although there is a seemingly endless amount of information, The Beatles Anthology is very enjoyable.  It gives the most detailed look at the greatest band in the history of rock n' roll, from their perspective.  Nobody could tell the story better than the Beatles themselves, and finally the world gets to see them.  For those who saw this when it was on T.V., the DVD's have over 4 more hours of extra footage.  Much of this stuff is great clips of Beatle performances and extension of topics that were already mentioned on the T.V. version.  Some of the new footage is an entirely new topic altogether, which makes the DVD's all that much better.    The Beatles Anthology has everything a fan could ask for.  From Ringo's birth in 1940, to the end in 1970, the remaining Beatles (along with George Martin and others) talk about pretty much everything they could remember from those turbulent years.  And lets not forget the music.  Not only does the band talk about the songs we also get to hear them, isn't that UNBELIEVABLE.  Well not really, but it is cool, and we get to see them perform many of their most famous ones along with countless others.  For me, episode five does the best job of this, and it's also what I believe to be the best episode.  It takes place during the height of Beatlemania, and starts off with the famous She Stadium performance in 1965.  From here, the performances just keep on coming.  Throughout the entire episode there are great performances of classic songs, along with detailed of accounts events and the making of their albums.  My only real big gripe about the whole set actually happens to be in episode five, and it is about Revolver.  Lately this has been considered one of the greatest albums of all time, and all that is really mentioned about it is just two or three of the songs.  Otherwise, everything's good.  The other episode I found to be very good, was the first one.  I didn't expect to really like this one too much, but it is very good.  In the other episodes the Beatles were stars, but in this one, they are just beginning and it is interesting to see the types of things they went through in trying to make it.   The Beatles Anthology is perfect for a big fan of the Beatles.  For the casual fan that would like to know their story, I would probably think about getting the Complete Beatles first, if you can find it.  However, for the person who thinks it is time to really get into this remarkable band, this is definitely needed.  Once you get this, you shouldn't be surprised if you spend all day watching it.  The Beatles are classic in just about everyway; from the way they worked their way to the top, to the music they made, this is their story.       