 As I read the book, I was shocked by Zacharias's inflammatory and patronizing tone. Zacharias describes atheistic critiques of theistic arguments as "linguistic trickery and distortion of truth" (p.  xiii) and "emotionally charged outburst[s] against the existence of God ... garbed in intellectual terminology." According to Zacharias, atheist philosophers "hide behind philosophical arguments, heavily footnoted for effect," rather than "admit our hurts, our confusions, our loves, and our passions in the marketplace of life's heartfelt transactions." Zacharias also describes atheist philosophers this way: "every now and then there arises on the educational landscape some new antitheistic voice, arrogantly sounding forth with an air of omniscience, mocking religion and debunking the sacred" (p. 6).  He even calls atheists "God-killers" (p. 31)!   Zacharias' attack on atheism contains many errors and distortions:   * Atheism is NOT synonymous with materialism (p. 17).  * Zacharias engages in name-calling when he calls atheists 'antitheists.' (Given that Zacharias's first two consecutive books attack atheism, one wonders if Zacharias is "better described" as an anti-atheist.)  * Atheism is NOT a worldview.  * Atheism does not entail nihilism (pp. 18-19).  As a matter of fact, atheism does not logically entail *any* theory of ethics!   Moreover, despite Zacharias's protests to the contrary, the problem of evil is still an excellent reason for rejecting theism (p. 45). Zacharias argues that the problem of evil cannot be used as evidence for atheism since if atheism is true there is no such thing as evil. However, even if that were true--it isn't--that is irrelevant to whether the problem of evil provides good evidence for the nonexistence of God. *Theists* believe certain things are evil. *Theists* believe God is good. *Theists* believe that good persons are opposed to evil. So *theists* need to explain why a good who is good (in their sense of 'good') would allow so much apparently pointless evil (in their sense of 'evil'). If theists can't explain it, then that is a problem for the internal coherence of a *theistic* worldview.   Furthermore, Zacharias is simply mistaken when he asserts that atheists cannot consistently accept objective moral values.  Richard Swinburne, arguably the most influential Christian philosopher in the world, says that if there are objective moral values, the *naturalistic* account of them is probably correct.  If Zacharias wants to disagree with Swinburne, he needs to provide objections to Swinburne's view.   Finally, Zacharias's defense of theism is totally inadequate. Although Zacharias recognizes that he must establish the existence of God before he can defend Christianity (p. 189), he relegates his "case" for theism to a mere 6 pages--0.02% of the book--in an appendix! (A much more logical structure would have been to first refute atheism, then defend theism, and then defend Christian theism.) With such little space devoted to arguing for theism, Zacharias is forced to summarize theistic arguments without adequately explicating and defending key premises in his arguments. ...     