 David Noebel is the President of Summit Ministries, an organization which  offers courses in comparative worldviews for young Christians.  UNDERSTANDING THE TIMES represents Noebel's assessment of a comparison of  three worldviews: secular humanism, marxism/leninism, and biblical  Christianity. (A fourth worldview, the so-called "new age  movement," is briefly discussed in an appendix.) Immediately, one  wonders why Noebel chose these worldviews, but not others. After all, there  is an Islamic worldview, a Hindu worldview, a Mormon worldview, etc. And  why relegate the New Age movement to an appendix?  It seems to me that the  New Age movement is far more influential in North America than  Marxism/Leninism.   According to Noebel, a worldview contains a  particular perspective in each of the following ten areas: theology,  philosophy, ethics, biology, psychology, sociology, law, politics,  economics, and history. Again, just as Noebel's choice of worldviews seems  arbitrary, so does his definition of what constitutes a worldview. For  example, why *must* a worldview contain a particular perspective regarding,  say, sociology? Granted, different approaches to sociology may have  metaphysical presuppositions, implications, or both. But it seems far from  obvious that a complete worldview *must* include a specific view of, say,  sociology. Moreover, even if the Christian worldview implies a certain  perspective on sociology, it is far from obvious that other worldviews must  also imply their own perspective on sociology.    As an atheist (but not  a secular humanist), I was especially interested in what Noebel had to say  concerning the secular humanist worldview, specifically secular humanism's  "theology" (atheism) and "biology" (evolution).  Unfortunately, Noebel's discussion of both matters is substantially  weakened by two flaws. First, he makes things easy for himself by refusing  to actually interact with any of the evidence and arguments advanced by  atheists and evolutionists in favor of their views. Second, Noebel simply  repeats many of the same old objections to atheism and biological evolution  that have answered repeatedly by atheists and evolutionists, without giving  any indication of their answers.   Incredibly, in his discussion of  atheism, Noebel only spends a single paragraph on the problem of evil and  even then he only considers the weakest version of the problem, the  so-called "logical" argument from evil. Furthermore, Noebel's  discussion of atheism is now outdated because it neglects a major new  argument for atheism: the argument from divine hiddenness. (See my webpage  for more information about this argument.) Noebel also repeats the familiar  argument that life is meaningless without God, but he misses the obvious  atheistic rejoinder that individuals can still have *personal* (or  non-ultimate) meaning without God, even if there is no *cosmic* (or  ultimate) meaning without God.    Turning to Noebel's attacks on  biological evolution, not only are his objections fallacious, but several  of his objections are based upon serious misunderstandings of modern  science.  For example, he confuses modern theories of abiogenesis (how life  *gradually* evolved from non-life) with the 19th-century theory of  spontaneous generation (the belief that life *instantly* and  *spontaneously* arises from non-life)! By treating these two views as  equivalent, Noebel attacks a straw man. Other errors present in his attack  on evolution include the bogus claim that natural selection is a tautology  (even Phillip Johnson rejects this objection), the idea that mutations  cannot provide the new genetic material for natural selection (Noebel  completely ignores the scientific literature on this point), and the idea  that punctuated equilibrium (a theory about *how* evolution occurs, not  *whether* it occurs) somehow discredits evolution.  What disturbs me is  that the scientific community has repeatedly answered all of these  objections (see my web page for  details); yet Noebel does not even  indicate that to his readers. For this very reason, it seems to me that  Noebel has done his readers a disservice: they will be ill-equipped to  answer the detailed replies that evolutionists have to these and other  objections.   In short, I think Noebel's objections to atheism and  biological evolution are mistaken on virtually every point. Nevertheless, I  truly enjoyed his very interesting book. I think the chief accomplishment  of UNDERSTANDING THE TIMES is Noebel's systematic, comprehensive comparison  of competing worldviews. For that reason, I gave his book two stars instead  of only one. Perhaps some day a nontheist will write a similar analysis of  worldviews from a naturalistic perspective. (For a detailed review of  Noebel's book, visit infidels.org.)     