 WILL THE REAL JESUS PLEASE STAND UP? (Grand Rapids: Baker Books, 1998) is a transcript of the debate between William Lane Craig and John Dominic Crossan. The book contains responses to the debate by two conservatives  (Craig L. Blomberg and Ben Witherington III) and two liberals (Robert J.  Miller and Marcus Borg). Finally, Craig and Crossan each offer some  concluding reflections on the debate. Given that Craig and Crossan hold  diametrically opposed views of Christian origins, this debate could have  been an excellent opportunity to learn why each camp rejects the empirical  claims of the other. Whereas the conservatives presented arguments for  their positions (and point-by-point objections to Crossan's position), the  liberals simply did not take the debate very seriously. Not only did  Crossan fail to engage Craig on the specifics of his case, Crossan refused  to engage in any historical argumentation. Instead, Crossan argued that the  New Testament documents--including their accounts of resurrection--should  be taken as metaphor. Now, even if that is true--and conservatives will  obviously disagree--it was simply poor argumentative strategy on Crossan's  part to neglect the empirical claims advanced by Craig. Given that Crossan  denies the truth of each of Craig's four historical claims--burial by  Joseph of Arimathea, empty tomb, post-resurrection appearances, and the  origin of the Christian faith--I think Crossan did a disservice to his  audience by failing to defend his objections to each of Craig's four  historical claims.  To make matters worse, the two liberal commentators  on the debate (Miller and Borg) *also* refused to interact with Craig's  arguments for the historicity of the resurrection. Miller, in the  introduction to his commentary, mysteriously declares, "[I]nstead of  responding directly to Craig's argument, I will step back from it and  analyze its format, message, and audience" (p. 77). Say what?  Borg's  commentary is slightly better; Borg argues that the original understanding  of resurrection--represented by 1 Corinthians 15--"does not depend  upon something having happened to Jesus' corpse" (p. 123). Yet Borg,  like Miller and Crossan himself, declares as irrelevant whether the  resurrection is literally, historically true. Given their understanding  of "resurrection," the liberals simply could not bring themselves  to take Craig's apologetic arguments seriously. While that is certainly  their prerogative, they never should have agreed to participate in this  project if they were not fully committed to exploring the *full scope* of  the topic. Someone needs to tell Crossan, Miller, and Borg that the concept  of debate is based upon a *clash of ideas*; if they are not willing to  directly clash with the arguments of their opponents; they should not agree  to participate! If Crossan was only interested in debating whether Jesus'  resurrection was a physical resurrection which depended upon an empty tomb,  he should have refused to participate in a debate format where the truth of  certain historical claims would be an issue. By participating in a debate  but never really debating, Crossan has now managed to give the impression  that he did not refute Craig's arguments because he can't refute Craig's  arguments. This is, of course, false; there are excellent reasons for  rejecting Craig's historical arguments. (See my forthcoming reply to  Craig's arguments for the historicity of the empty tomb.) But the vast  majority of Crossan's Evangelical audience will never hear those reasons  because Crossan couldn't be bothered to state them, either in the debate  itself or in his concluding comments. Turning to the debater's concluding  reflections, I was not impressed by the fact that Craig got to give his  opening statement first *and* that his concluding reflections appeared  last.  Of course, Craig's and Crossan's concluding reflections were  presumably written simultaneously and independent of one another, but in a  debate where no one side had the sole burden of proof, Crossan's concluding  reflections should have appeared last in the volume. In conclusion, given  the liberals' refusal to fully participate in this debate, I can't  recommend this book to anyone, even as an  introductory text.  There are  better introductory books available on the views of both Craig and Crossan.     