 As a nontheist who thinks there was a historical Jesus, I often find myself caught between two extremes.  On the one hand, I don't believe that Jesus rose from the dead, was the son of God, etc.  But on the other hand, I simply am not convinced by mythicist arguments that there was no historical Jesus.  Central to the debate between these two competing positions is the issue of alleged extra-biblical references to the historicity of Jesus. That issue is the subject of Van Voorst's book, which he deals with in great detail.  Van Voorst discusses alleged references to Jesus in virtually all of the non-Christian sources, as well as various Christian sources about Jesus outside of the New Testament.  All of this combined makes the book the most comprehensive English lenguage review of alleged extra-Biblical references to Jesus written in recent memory. With that said, I was frankly disappointed with the first chapter of the book, in which Van Voorst spends ten pages refuting the Christ-myth hypothesis.  To his credit, Van Voorst is very familiar with the various books and essays which deny the existence of Jesus.  He writes, "Some readers may be surprised or shocked that many books and essays--by my count, over one hundred--in the past two hundred years have fervently denied the very existence of Jesus" (p. 6). Nevertheless, he says, the Christ-myth hypothesis is not only rejected by virtually all New Testament scholars, but that the hypothesis has been almost completely ignored within the guild of New Testament scholarship since the 1940s.  However, Van Voorst acknowledges that there is tremendous interest in the historicity of Jesus.  He has a very interesting and educational history of the Christ-myth movement.  However, he apparently does not know that G.A. Wells, in his latest book THE JESUS MYTH, in which Wells *accepts* the historicity of Jesus based on the arguments of Burton Mack concerning Q. Van Voorst then, briefly, has occasion to criticize Michael Martin's defense of the mythicist hypothesis, given Martin's reliance on Wells. Van Voorst then summarizes seven objections against Wells's (former) position that Jesus never existed.  Many of these objections are downright comical. 1.  "Wells misinterprets Paul's relative silence about some details in the life of Jesus: the exact time of his life; the exact places of his ministry, that Pontius Pilate condemned him, and so forth.  As every good student of history knows, it is wrong to suppose that what is unmentioned or undetailed did not exist.  Arguments from silence about ancient times, here about the supposed lack of biblical or extrabiblical references to Jesus, are especially perilous."   Lowder's comment: it seems to me there is a double-standard on the part of conservative Christians.  When discussing the historicity of Jesus, Christians will tell us that no historian takes arguments from silence seriously.  But when defending the empty tomb, Christians will conveniently engage in arguments from silence (e.g., "The tomb was empty because there is no evidence of the Jewish authorities denying it.")  Yet the same facts appealed to by Christians in their arguments from silence for the empty tomb--like the lame argument that the Jews never denied the empty tomb--can itself be dismissed on the grounds that 'first-century Jews typically viewed the empty tomb story as so weak or bizarre that they ignored it completely." What's sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander. 2.  Wells dates the gospels around 100, which is too late.  Mark was written around 70 while Matthew and Luke were probably written in the 80s.  Van Voorst may well be right about his dating.  But so, too, might Wells.  What I find objectionable about Van Voorst's objection is that he gives no argument for it. *Why* should we accept Van Voorst's dating scheme for the gospels?  Van Voorst never says. 3.  The development of the Gospel traditions and the historical difficulties within them "do not necessarily mean wholesale invention, and difficulties do not prove nonexistence."  But, to the best of my knowledge, Wells never argues that development of traditions and historical difficulties *necessarily proves* the mythicist hypothesis.   4.  This one is a real howler: "Wells cannot explain to the satisfaction of historians why, if Christians invented the historical Jesus around the year 100, no pagans and Jews who opposed Christianity denied Jesus' historicity or even questioned it."  This is an argument from silence!  I agree that there is no evidence that the historicity of Jesus was questioned in the first century.  But that fact does not, by itself, make it probable that Jesus existed.  Even on the assumption that Jesus never existed, Christianity was a minority religion viewed as a cult by outsiders.  Had Jesus never existed, there is no reason to suppose that anyone would have made an effort to show that.  Indeed, I think it is even doubtful that it would have occurred to anyone to question the historicity of Jesus! 5.  Despite Wells' objections to the contrary, non-Christian witnesses to Jesus, especially Tacitus and Josephus, are basically trustworthy because there is a "strong consensus" saying so.  Does this mean that from now on that evolutionists can argue that evolution is true simply because a "strong consensus" of biologists says it's true?  This is a really lame argument.   6.  Another howler: "Wells and others seem to have advanced the nonhistoricity hypothesis not for objective reasons, but for highly tendentious, antireligious purposes." 7.  "Wells and his predecessors have failed to advance other, credible hypotheses to account for the birth of Christianity and the fashioning of a historical Christ."  I think this objection has some force.   In conclusion, while I think Van Voorst's book is useful as a comprehensive overview of extra-Biblical references to Jesus, his direct attacks on the mythicist hypothesis are mainly ineffective.  His best objection to the mythicist hypothesis is that some of the extra-Biblical sources *do* provide independent confirmation of Jesus, an issue which he deals with ably in the remainder of the book.     