 This books is a useful and interesting introduction to what contemporary NT scholarship has to say about Jesus' resurrection, including its importance in Christian theology, its historicity, and the perspectives of other faiths.  Here is the table of contents: Preface  Chapter 1.  The Resurrection in Contemporary New Testament Scholarship by John M.G. Barclay  Chapter 2.  The Resurrection in Contemporary Systematic Theology by Gareth Jones  Chapter 3.  The Baseless Fabric of a Vision by Michael Goulder  Chapter 4.  History and the Reality of the Resurrection by Wolfhart Pannenberg  Chapter 5.  The Resurrection of Christ: Hope for the World by Jurgen Moltmann  Chapter 6.  Between the Cherubim: The Empty Tomb and the Empty Throne by Rowan Williams  Chapter 7.  Christ's Body in its Fullness: Resurrection and the Lives of Saints by David McCarthy Matzko  Chapter 8.  Living in Christ: Story, Resurrection, and Salvation by Gerard Loughlin  Chapter 9.  Sexuality and the Resurrection of the Body: Reflections in a Hall of Mirrors by Tina Beattie  Chapter 10.  The Resurrection, the Holy Spirit and the World Religions by Gavin D'Costa  Chapter 11.  The Resurrection of Jesus and the Qur'an by David Marshall  Chapter 12.  The Resurrection of Jesus: A Jewish View by Dan Cohn-Sherbok  Chapter 13.  The Resurrection and Buddhism by Rupert Gethin List of Contributors  Index As a non-Christian who is primarily interested in the arguments for and against the historicity of a literal, bodily resurrection, I found some chapters of much more interest than others.  The first chapter, by John Barclay, was probably the most useful to me in the entire book.  Barclay summarizes the major arguments for and against the empty tomb.  As Barclay makes clear, some of the arguments on each side are clearly stronger than others.  For example, as an argument *against* the story, Barclay points out that the fact that Mark ends with the silence of the women is not unassailable.  Conversely, as an argument *for* the story, the fact that there is no known tomb veneration is weak, for that fact is just as probable on the assumption that the location of the tomb was unknown to the disciples as it is on the assumption that the tomb was empty. Also especially relevant to the historicity debate were the articles by Christian-turned-atheist NT scholar Michael Goulder and theologian Wolfhart Pannenberg.  Goulder argues against the empty tomb story and for the hypothesis that the original post-mortem 'appearances' of Jesus were nothing more than subjective visions.  In contrast, Pannenberg argues for the reality of a historical, literal resurrection from the dead.     