 This great CD is actually two classic albums in one, both masterfully arranged by Pete Rugolo.  The first album, The Song is June (1958), is actually a song-cycle.  The songs are "of love and youth and  spring," but of nights dreaming of lost love, wishing on the moon, of  one's love "belonging to someone else."  The storyteller here is  Christy, with her beautiful voice and knowing interpretations. The songs'  poignant imagery is not the only connecting factor in this album, but  Rugolo leads us from song to song harmonically and motivically as well.   Listen how Saturday's Children, the last song of this album, loops  effortlessly back to Spring Can Really Hang You Up the Most, the first  song, in harmony and mood.  Night Time is My Mother is a haunting, gorgeous  song, and leads into the more upbeat song of the night, I Wished On the  Moon. In their last album together, Offbeat (1960), Christy and Rugolo  pull out all the stops.  As she sings in the title song, "I'm swinging  above the storm," Christy weathers the meter shifts and syncopations  with ease. Out of This World changes tempo at least four or five times, but  seems the natural and musical thing to do.  Rugolo is also not afraid to  change the instrumentation phrase by phrase to serve the lyrics.  Rugolo's  orchestrations have the effect of a chamber ensemble, where each instrument  can be heard, often soloing.  The key connecting factor of this album is  Rugolo's play with motives.  Solo instruments, sometimes a couple of  clarinets, flutes, or a harp, introduce each chorus with a descending  arabesque taken from the motives of the song (Remind Me, You Wear Love So  Well, Who Cares About April).  The Bad and the Beautiful and Somewhere  share the same opening motive, only inverted.  These ballads show us  "the misty Miss Christy" side of June, while the delightful  Sleepin' Bee shows us her playful side. These two albums follow the  tradition of the other great Christy/Rugolo collaborations Something Cool,  The Misty Miss Christy, Fair and Warmer, and Gone for the Day.  Also one is  reminded of Ballads for Night People and The Intimate Miss Christy.  If you  love these albums like I do, then you must get The Song is June and  Offbeat, both containing some of their best work.  I'm now waiting for June  Christy Recalls Those Kenton Days to be released.     