 Before I go off on a rant, I have to say that if you've never seen the Tenchi Muyo OVA or the Tenchi Universe tv series- DON'T GO NEAR THIS. One has to be well immersed in the Tenchi universe to truly undrstand this  movie. Having said let's get on with the review. First off, I noted that  the animation was "different". Nothing truley drastic, but all  the charachters had a rather distinct look to them, and that in itself  wasn't a bad thing, since the particular style complimented the serious  plotline. But the story itself is where the problem lay. Now, don't get me  wrong, I'm a Tenchi fan, but ANYBODY who gives this movie FIVE STARS has a  real objectivity problem. The first movie was extraordinary, the second a  good effort, but this, *THIS* is pointless meandering; nothing truley  develops and the whole movie drags ( and to those who accuse me of having  Ninja Scroll-itis, i.e. Dragon Ball Syndrome, let it be known I liked both  PATLABOR movies, which are very long and dry indeed ). The story revolves  around Tenchi being searched for by his friends and family which basically  take up the majority of the movie. Nothing REALLY happens during this time;  Sasami goes of to Jurai, Washu is on her computer ( of course ), and Kiyone  and Mihoshi head to the Science Academy to steal vital parts &  information for Tenchi's search . All these tasks seems to be more of a  gesture for the fans than anything, for all they really are is an excuse to  show off the series' many charchters. The real action ( if one can call it  that ) is with Ryoko and Akane's search in Tokyo, where they, inevitably,  become very emotional over Tenchi's dissapearance. In the meanwhile, Tenchi  is with Haruna, and nothing is really happening there either. I wouldn't  mind the lack of action and lack of comedy, but nothing EVER truley  develops. On the plus side the ending with Yosho is very cool ( "don't  be jealous" ) and the movie hints where Tenchi's heart might lay.  Unfortunatley, this little tidbit is marred by the movie's static plot and  equally sluggish pacing.     