 I've heard of Jazzanova through various comps and single releases and when I learned that they dropped a new album, I copped it immediately. Upon hearing the first track, "L.O.V.E, You and I", I was just completely awe-struck by the beautiful music pouring forth from my stereo. I was expecting more of the same, but the highs achieved on the first composition do not match up to the rest of the album. Admittedly the production is tight, but hey, good productions alone don't mean I'm going to listen to it-- if that were the case, I'd have the new Justine Timberlake album by now. And besides, with six cats behind the boards, you *better* have some quality production. MC'ing tracks with Capitol A are forgettable at best, since the lyrics are so-so, and the beats backing him fail to excite as compared to other jazz influenced raps of say, J.Rawls or Fat Jon ( of Five Deez ). "Hanazono" has an amazing pianist on-board, but the over-all track leaves something to be desired. Ursula Rucker appears on "Keep Falling", and one can't deny the subtle forcefulness within that amazing voice of hers, with the bass line and accompanying sounds being dead on point. Another highlight is the breakbeat sounds of "Another Day", which almost makes me want to do some lazy footwork. Some tracks that represent sonic affronts are "Sub-Atlantic", which have a mish-mash of synthesized sound that grates on the nerves, and I haven't even decided on "Soon" yet, since the voice is so silky smooth that it might just save that track. Or not. And I guess that's my dilemma when judging this album; whether to enjoy it wholly and ignore the shortcomings of this album or totally dismiss the project in spite of a few strong tracks. Or maybe, just maybe, admit to the fact that this isn't mediocre, nor is it all that spectacular, but somewhere, precariously, in between. BTW, thanks to Ms. Kacy Wilson for dropping O.C.'s name in the review; I was going crazy trying to figure out where that little tidbit in L.O.V.E. came from.     