 Being the first dissenting voice around here, I am sure to get ZERO helpful points, but hey, I ain't reviewing this for popularity, so let me forge on ahead:     I guess I just don't get it. Maybe I missed the punch line. No, that couldn't be it; I have a pretty good sense of humor. And an open mind. I listen to everything from The Pixies to Pizzicato 5, from The Smiths to St. Germain, but first and foremost I am a follower and devotee of  Hip-Hop and its Elements. And C64 falls VERY short in its outsiders < i.e. SUBURBAN > take on Hip-Hop. They're rhyme schemes are laughable, and they're delivery is wack. One supposes that it might be intentional; that they're style is supposed to be ironic and highbrow. But for all its apparent cleverness, it falls short, and flat on its face. And speaking of flat, even their beats, which I hoped would be as good as the reviews say, are weak and tepid. Minimalism has its place, but when wasted on uninspired ciphers ( and yes, I do realize that these guys know that they aren't the best lyricists in the world ), it makes for a very faulty product. And for those looking for an alternative to the stale world of gangsta/bling/alize commercial rap of today, there is a myriad selection of music in the thriving Underground to choose from. Want some abstract delivery with fresh jazzy beats? There's Quasimoto. Want unique and creative samples with incredible ciphers? Pick up some Mudkids. Clever lyrics with fresh sounds? Try some Foreign Legion (  funny, Prozac from FL does a cameo in Putney Swipe, or at least I think that's him ). Good musicianship? What about The Roots or England's The Herbalizer. Consciousness? Mos Def, Talib Kweli, Gangstarr, De La Soul etc. With all this music to listen to, one wonders if those that are down with C64 actually listen to Hip-Hop music ( and not just The Beastie Boys and Beck ).  To paraphrase Lauryn Hill, alternative rap in ghetto terms means no skill, and that pretty much summarizes  C64; obscurity disguised as "underground", novelty instead of talent. If anyone should disagree with any of the above, I welcome any and all intelligent rebuttals. Just E-mail me. Oh yeah, first look up William "Upski" Wimsatt's article  "WE USE THE WORDS MACKADOCIOUS" first.  Thanks for hearing me out .     