 In this "Other Side of the Story" of the Bible, God, Lucifer, the angels, cherubim and seraphim are all incorporeal beings from another universe, who come to Earth's universe when their space-time collapses. Got that so far? Ok, so these beings are the combined spirits of their former races, God in particular is the combination of spirits of three species, thus his trinity. They like Earth's potential, but are dissatisfied with its inhabitants and cause a cataclysm to destroy the dinosaurs, thus allowing the rise of the mammals. They manipulate the evolution of man, discarding one imperfect model after another, until they come up with a version that will best serve their purposes. And what is this purpose? Well, apparently God and the heavenly host are some sort of galactic vampires who live off the psychic energy of their charges. The more fearful and frantic the prayers, the more psychic energy expended, and therefore all the more satisfying the savor for the heavenly hosts. Especially savory are righteous bloodbaths and crazy violence - more psychic energy than fearful prayers.   So Lucifer, aka Satan, is against using people as sheep, and rebels against God to save man. He has been trying to help man all along, and shows how through the retold stories of Cain, Abel, Seth, Moses, Lazarus and Jesus. (I kept hoping he would cover the story of Job) Satan and his cronies discover a way to use tachyons to bend time and receive nourishing energy from their former universe - knowledge he shares with God. God scornfully replies something along the lines of "Why, when I've got it so good here?" After the age of miracles, God and the heavenly host depart to four other planets to raise creatures who will be the perfect sheep without that pesky free will. The coming Armageddon will be when the other creatures come to Earth to kill off mankind in a cataclysmic bloodbath (very savory).  While an interesting concept, this book is hard to take seriously, especially as it lapses back and forth between biblical phrasing and modern prose. The science-fictiony aspects are not that well done, either. I would venture to guess that the author is an ex-Catholic.  Protestantism simply does not engender this level of hatred. I would recommend this to teenagers who want to make their parents' hair stand on end.       