 Kelson Haldane is the fourteen-year-old heir to the kingdom of Gwynedd. His father Brion has kept peace in the kingdom for fifteen years, but people still talk about the Deryni insurrection two hundred years ago, which centered around Saint Camber of Culdi.   Years ago, King Brion killed Marluk, some sort of Deryni bad-guy-sorcerer. Now his daughter Charissa, also a powerful sorcerer, wants revenge and to claim the throne of Gywnedd. Through nefarious means, she kills Brion, leaving young Kelson the unprepared heir to assume the throne. Can Morgan, the half-Deryni Duke of  Corwyn, prepare his young ward to defend himself against Charissa in time?  What are Deryni? They are never formally explained, but Deryni are magical people, not technically human, who can evidently breed with humans, because there are numerous half-Deryni characters in this novel.   The Church, which I assume to be the Catholic Church of Rome in the 1100s, hates the Deryni and wants to stamp out their magic and influence in England. (I also assume that this is set in England - an alternate history - because Gywnedd is the name of Wales in this time period.)  I had a friend in junior high school who was a devoted Deryni fan and urged me repeatedly to read this series. I wish I had, because now that I'm older and more skeptical, I was less than captivated by this book - which I'm sure I would have been when I was younger. This is truly a teenager's book, because all the characters are so black-and-white; either all good or all bad. The plot seemed slow, but mainly because the POV shifted between multiple characters and sub-plots. I wish it had been written from the POV of young prince Kelson, and his angst and personality explored more in depth; i.e. - a typical hero quest novel. I felt as if I did not know Kelson, whereas a book with a similarly slow plot, DRAGONSONG by Anne McCaffrey, haunts me to this day because of the deep character development of the heroine Menolly.   For a good hero quest series, you can't go wrong with David Edding's BELGARIAD.        