 First of all, whether you're homophobic or gay or accepting of gays, I really don't care.  (I fall in the last category.)  I will not presume to judge this book's effectiveness in helping gays understand themselves, or  comment on the *modern* social issues it raises.  Yes, these are important.   But for my purposes in reading this book, they're irrelevant. Why?   Whatever sociopolitical agendas are on the table *today,* scholarship is  scholarship.  I am *not* a scholar of the time periods and cultures that  Boswell surveyed.  I can't really judge the book on that front, either;  I'll leave that to other historians who are knowledgable about the time  period and sources. What does interest me is: is this book an accurate or  plausible interpretation?  Forget the modern debates.  People in A.D. 1200  didn't care about *our* viewpoints in the modern era; they had their own.   I picked up this book because I wanted to know what was going on  historically, not because I wanted to learn about today's politics.  I  would have looked elsewhere for *that.* History is about interpretation.   Throughout the existence of history as a discipline, there have been  different interpretations.  This is good and proper; without debate there  is little progress.  If you don't agree with Boswell's interpretation of  the evidence, fine.  Refute him.  In detail.  Give your own account.  Of  *course* not everyone's going to agree, especially on such a charged  subject. What is also important to me is: with what biases did he come to  the subject?  If you write on the same subject but are pre-convinced that  the Church never condoned homosexuality, I will be wary of your  conclusions.  Likewise for the opposite belief.  True objectivity is a  difficult ideal, especially in something as subjective as history (come  look at math if you want objectivity--and even then, mathematicians have  their disagreements). Did Boswell attempt to meet that ideal?  I don't  know.  I never had the time to finish the book.  But what I did see, I  respected.  Maybe others do know better how to interpret the evidence.  I  sure don't; I don't read ancient Hebrew, Latin, Greek, the several other  languages from which he drew his sources.  But he made a heroic effort in  *using* those sources, whether or not you or I or anyone else agrees with  the conclusions reached. In the end: read it if you're interested.  It's  certainly not an "easy" read, and I think reading it for  "affirmation of values" is probably not the intent Boswell had  when he wrote it, though I could be wrong.  If I were a scholar in this  area it wouldn't be mine; mine would be to find out, as much as I could as  a mortal and fallible human being, what was true (whatever "true"  means, a debatable subject in itself).  At the least, it's a place to start  a debate.     