 First off, I'd advise the reader to beware of any review that states something like, "There is no doubt that this season is the ______ season of all," or similar.  Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.  This season--and every season, really--elicits a range of emotions from viewers.  If you haven't seen it, I advise you to keep an open mind and form your own opinion.  I don't want to spoil too much, and I don't want to tell people what to think, but I will say that if you're a fan of "BtVS," this season is a must to watch.  Season seven is the last one for Buffy; this seems fairly clear from the first episode, which features a surprise ending (I won't spoil it) that offers a payoff for longtime viewers.  With this being the last season, fans naturally held extremely high expectations, hoping that Joss and Co. could deliver 22 knockout episodes to cap the series off perfectly.  Of course, the tricky thing is that, to keep the show edgy and unpredictable, the writers have to come up with twists and gut-wrenchers, like the deaths of popular characters, and this naturally is going to rub some fans the wrong way.  This season is arguably the most violent of all, with probably more characters' deaths than any other.  One of your favorite characters might not be alive by the end of "Chosen," the series finale.  But before you hurl your remote at the TV in protest, remember that it's scenes like that that reach out and grab at our heartstrings.  We don't remember the battles where everything goes right; we remember the soulless Angel brutally killing Jenny Calendar, Buffy being forced to stab Angel, Oz telling Willow he has to leave town, and so on. If every character were to have things fare perfectly well for him/her, it would be boring.  Similarly, there are those who wanted a lighthearted season after the fairly dark Season 6, those who wanted it to get darker still, those who wanted more horror, etc.  The show's writers faced the difficult task of coming up with a season that had to satisfy a very diverse range of opinion. In the end, they came up with a season that I feel resists categorization; it covers a lot of stylistic bases.  A good amount of attention is given to maintaining continuity from prior seasons; there are unexpected references to events that occurred as far back as the first season.  One new character turns out to have a connection to a person we saw earlier in the series; this leads to some particularly dramatic moments down the line.  This season promises to go "back to the beginning," and indeed, we are revisited by many characters and themes we enjoyed earlier in the run of the series.  We learn more about the Slayer line -- who they are, where they come from, how it all began.  Meanwhile, we see a host of new characters enter the mix, on both sides of the fight, to freshen things up and cause the traditional Scoobies to take on new roles.  With more characters than ever, at times an old favorite may seem to get less screen time than before -- that was probably inevitable.  But the writers work pretty hard to give everyone his or her moment in the sun before it's over.  On the whole, I feel that it is a season well worth watching for any fan of the series.       