 Let me preface this by saying that I largely agree with the book's overall premise, that French political elites have an irrational fear of American political hegemony.  That said, I am extremely disappointed in the book's opening chapter.  The authors' treatment of the wars between the British and French North American colonies is extremely one-sided and misleading.  They would have you believe that the British colonists were a passive bunch who acted in self-defense against French aggressors and their vicious Indian allies.  This is laughable in light of the facts that 1) the British colonies had literally 20 times the population of the French ones; 2) the British made it their explicit goal to conquer the French territories, as they had done to New Netherland and 3) the British made good on their claim, invading and conquering New France in 1759.    The authors mention the Deerfield massacre of 1704 while conveniently overlooking similar slaughters that occurred in Quebec, Port Royal and Montreal at the hands of the British.  They also gloss over the expulsion of 10,000 Acadians from their colony (now Nova Scotia), something the French never did in territories they captured.    The authors acknowledge that the French made far more native allies than the British, but never pause to examine why this was the case.  Whereas the British effectively wanted to create a reconstituted European state and push the natives out of the way, the predominantly fur-trading French colonists attempted to assimilate themselves into Native culture as much as the opposite.  When the British attempted to expand their colonies, they met the fierce opposition of Native tribes, who did not want to see their French allies evicted.  The authors ignore these details and instead treat the Native Americans as almost sub-human, even comparing them to weapons of mass destruction.  And to top it off, they chide the French colonial rulers for "exploiting" the natives!  This is ridiculous.    There is no reason for such a lopsided account of these events.  I'm afraid that the authors' personal biases have clouded their judgment when it comes to covering the colonial wars.          