 Oni is an excellent game in terms of storyline and action.  The game takes place in the future as a renegade cop by the name of Konoko.  As the story unfolds Konoko begins to learn haunting secrets of her past such as the situation with her family, her past life, and her true identity.  This is where she goes berserk and renegade.  Konoko possesses a variety of martial arts moves/skills and learns new techniques as she progresses throughout her quest.  Such skills she learns such as Weapon Disarm, and Rising Fury Punch are certain to come in handy in the latter parts of the game.  So where do Oni's flaws lie?   GLITCHES- When I heard of the glitches Oni contained, I had no idea (for most games contain glitches regardless of how beautiful they may appear)they were this bad. Fallen characters can be seen throughout other sides of walls.  I noticed at times when I'd punch a character near a wall that they'd sometimes get stuck in between the walls and wouldn't be able to come out. There is also a bad glitch to when Konoko presses a generator (to access a locked room) at a certain angle, she'd sometimes get stuck and continue to keep walking into generator uncontrollably.  Because of this glitch, I was forced to reset the game and start over from a previous save data.   SLOWDOWN- While some parts of the game run at lightning-fast speed, others don't.  With more than four characters on screen at once, the game moves at a horribly slow pace.  This is an exception pain in the @$$ when trying to escape from the clutches of three or more enemies surrounding the player all at one time.   No platform grab implemented-  Often at times, when forced to jump from one platform to another I would miss by mere centimeters and die, forcing me start over due to the not being able to grab onto a platform when close to it.  This got so bad at one point, that I was forced to use a cheat code to play as a characters that could at farther ranges than Konoko such as the ninjas. No multiplayer mode-  The game was promised to contain one and never did. While these flaws are tolerable, I still enjoyed playing Oni, due to it's excellent plot.  I finished the entire game and was left wanting more.  I'd advise anyone who is a fan of Japanese anime to give Oni a try.     