 The Sickness, Pt.1  Runningtime: Approximately 52minutes  Planet Asia is revered as one of the dopest MC's to have come out of Cali.  He's displayed his lyrical prowess on such masterpieces as his selftitled EP and The Last Stand.  Making his way deeper into the scene, he dropped a couple of underground lps before tackling with his first bigname full-length album "The Grand Opening." After dropping a couple of underground lps (along with gaining mainstream recognition in the process), Asia's finally back with another. The Sickness, Pt.1 is supposedly the first of three other lps to be released consecutively by Asia throughout the year.    For starters, gone is the mellow smooth-flowing melodic Asia that most were used to hearing on such ep's as The Last Stand (or PA EP).  This time around, listeners are introduced to a more "hardcore" Cali Agent #2.  The Sickness is labled as a mixtap & it shows.  A majority of the tracks on the album are skits while others feature a host of guest artists.  There really isn't much Asia on the album, and what little we DO get from his isn't anywhere near on par with what we've already heard from him the past.  The only tracks which seem to remotely grasp Asia at his full potential are: I Do This, Gangsta Gangsta (that moreso comes off as Asia's attempt at a Dead Prez impersonation), & Moonlight Melodic Pt.2 (which has very little relevance to the original).  Even the production seems to lacking in some areas. A majority of the beats sound generic, commercial & repetitive.  It would have been great to have seen a wider foray of production by Amp Live, Architech, Walt "421" Liquor, or even Peanut Butter Wolf for that matter.    Make no mistake. By no means is this album a failure. However, Asia has done better.  This is just the first of the trilogy, as the Diagnosis & The Medicine are expected to follow up shortly after this.  So perhaps this mixtape is simply a teaser. Don't count Asia out just yet, but for now both The Grand Opening & Jewelry Box Sessions Pt.1 will remain more in circuit in my cd player than The Sickness, Part 1. King Medallion (aka Asia) is still one of the hottest MC's to have risen from out of the West in years.  However, diehard Asia fans may find themselves a tad disappointed with this lp.  Then again, those simply fascinated with generic beats & average lyrics will dig it regardless.  Here's to both The Diagnosis and The Medicine.      