 Raw 2 looks wonderful, but it plays like dog poo.  Those giving this title 4 stars and over must not have played the THQ N64 WWE games, or are simply giving this game high stats for the characters and SOME decent models.  This game is loaded with horrible glitches.  It's almost hard to believe that THQ allowed this sloppy, choppy game out the door!   When the computer has a player down, they'll repeatedly proceed to do a routine number of stomps and pins (the player's character is left stunned for a few moments after being pinned, so they're basically left lifeless to the computer).  Also, on tag matches, when the player has an opponent pinned, their partner will often at times leap into the ring and stomp the opponent down on the mat pinned, breaking up the pinfall.  Seasonal mode was a good idea, but was executed very poorly.  The player is given choices to make during matches, but very few of them are carried out (with the exception of resting during matches) and end up  unsuccessful.  With no dialogue or voice-overs (with the exception of the chanting from the crowd and the ref's) the game just doesn't make the player feel like they're in total control of the action.  I often at times spotted my enemies intefering in my matches only to later find them helping me along to win the match.  Also, when the referee's count for the pin, they take an eternity.  Creating character's is pretty fun (there are some wonderful outfits, and designing arena lighting for character's is a blast along with custom soundtracks for theme songs) the player can create a ton. As of to date, Raw 2 may very well be the best wrestling game on xbox, however that's not saying much.  The game feels very rushed and when all is said and done, Raw 2 is simply a disappointing game that had high hopes.  Best if settled for a rental.  However, if desperate to own a WWE game on your xbox, it's probalby best to own a used copy of this game or wait impatiently for a better installment to arrive in the future on the xbox.  The game's just not worth fifty bucks.     