 Blood Rayne is indeed an excellent action/adventure game.  The game features a dunpeal (half-human/half-vampire) by the name of Rayne.  Don't let Rayne's flashy looks deceive you.  She is by no means a fading flower, she's one heck of a tough customer!  She moves at a lightning fast pace, is superhumanly powerful (you'd expect no less from a vampire) and is extremely agile and acrobatic.  So agile in fact, that she can pass for a ninja.  The storyline is well done, you're an agent assigned to take out (...) dictators, roughly taking place around the WW2 era.  The graphics are superb with a high frame rate (not the best ever seen in a game, still however great).  The music is mindboggling and will thus tempt your thirst for blood (still waiting on a BloodRayne soundtrack to be released).  The game's length and difficulty level are intermediate.  Blood Rayne's most respectable aspect has to be it's feeding factor.  You must feed when you're low on health (no health elixers here) preying on human flesh to satisfy your thirst.  There is also a blood rage meter to which (when charged up completely) allows Rayne to perform a number of acrobatic moves slicing her enemies to shreds.  Rayne also has a special ability to which she can dispatch enemies hoard throughout dark areas (night vision) and from far distances (she can snipe with bird's eye accuracy).  Blood Rayne is indeed a very gorey and violent action/adventure game.  If you're offended by mass amounts of blood and swearing, then Blood Rayne isn't for you.  It contains very much of those elements (dawning it the M-rating).  However, if you can look past those minor roadbumps, then you'll have a blast with BR.  Imagine playing a vampire game which lets you do technically anything a vampire can do (it's all in BloodRayne) while snatching up firearms to blast through enemies on the way.  With Blood Rayne 2 hot in the works (expected to hit shelves in the fall of this year) and a Blood Rayne movie in the line-up, the series' future is indeed looking bright!     