 This game's a pile garbage!  The developers claimed that they wanted to create a game that lived up to the true innovation of real-life backyard wrestling.  Well if this game's any indication of what backyard wrestling's really like, forget it.  I rented this game the other day from my local video store.  After playing about 5 minutes horrendous gameplay, I soon felt that I was ripped off out of the money I paid to rent this garbage (thank goodness for rentals).  Here are some major downfalls of BW:   The character models are poor. When characters talk, the mouths don't even move.   Computer AI is extremely cheap. Computer has almost 99% perfect accuracy when picking up & throwing weapons from a distance at you, they almost never miss. Create-Character-Mode is cheap beyond cheapness. Replay value isn't great (after unlocking all the characters after one sitting, what's the point?).   Especially creating characters.  The worst part of the game.  Fans of WWE Create-a-character modes will be woefully disappointed.  The player can't even create a character from scratch, all they can do is select a pre-made character and mobilize their stats and fighting style.  You can't even develope the character's costume.  All you do is choose a costume that has already been made (imagine playing a fighting game as your favorite character and choosing a different costume for them to fight in, that's technically all you can do).  There aren't even many move to choose from for your character.  Yes the game does have it's strong points such as taking full advantage of the X-box's custom soundtracks system, and there are some nice videos to watch in the media room (some of which have to be unlocked).  However, is it really worth playing through, just for videos?  What's worst is that the game doesn't even play like a wrestling game.  It plays more so of that as a button-mashing fightng game.  Take it from me, there are plenty of better wrestling games out there (I really feel for those who poured out their fifty bucks of hard earned cash on this title).  And to those considering buying BW, avoid this title at all costs.  Even WWF RAW is better!     