 Black is one of the very few new fps' to be released this year. The game places you in the shoes of an assassin who's assigned to kill without mercy or looking back.  The game consists of approximately seven stages with multiple side missions & secondary objectives.  Alot of that time will be spent destroying enemy documents as well as resources.  After having completed a mission, you can choose to replay it on a harder difficulty level to unlock extra weapons.  So if you're the type of gamer who likes to blaze through an entire game in one sitting (on numerous occasions), this will fit well for you.     PROS:  Astonishing Graphics- Black truly pushes the current gens to their limit, proving that there's still enough juice to last them for throughout the year.  However, there is the notice of dotted lines spotted thoughout stages (noticeably on walls & the ground).   Excellent Physics-  The physics rival even that of some next gen titles.  Explosions & smoke are nicely crafted/executed.  I'm anticipating that the engine used in Black will be used by others in the near future.  Great Musical Score-  The score in which the game harnesses makes you feel as if you're in a Hollywood action flick.  Truly does manage to convey the feel & emotion of that in battle.   CONS:  Short Campaign Mode-  While this can either be a plus or neg for some gamers (given that the game can be replayed through in a sitting), the ending leaves the gamer wanting more.  The lack of multiplayer or online play leaves much to be desired.   Lack of a lean mechanic-  There are several times in Black in which a "lean" action would have come in handy. Therefor, making it less of a hassle/risk attempting to maneuver when sorrounded by a flood of enemies shooting in your direction.  No jump or sprint mechanics-  Being able to run or jump (or even roll) would have helped out greatly in Black.  Especially when attempting to evade a grenade or explosive device.     With that said, Black's a great fps that (with a few minor tweaks & features) could have been phenomenal if it wasn't for the lack of multiplayer & online play.  Those looking to Black for longterm play may want to simply stick with a rental.  However, those who enjoy playing through games over & over on higher difficulties won't be disappointed with Black.  I'm anticipating many great aspecs in store for the newly crafted franchise.  Definitely worth checking out. In the meantime, lets keep our fingers crossed for Black 2.               