 If you are the owner of an SNK neo-geo system, then chances are you've either owned, played, or spotted some of the earlier installments of Metal Slug in some shape or form (if not this one). To those who haven't, just look at it as being SNK's answer to Konami's "Contra."  SNK has finally decided to port one of their 2d classics over to the xbox gaming console. The player is given the option of choosing one of four characters (two males and two females) to drag along into battle through five immense stages.  Five immense solid 2d stages.  No 3D (2.5D) influences whatsoever.  This is classic 2d shooting at it's finest. The player can choose to go into battle alone (one player game) or can also have a friend tag along (two player game with shared continues) for an even greater challenge.  During gameplay, the player/s will collect several crucial weapons (firearms) to help them through battle.  Rescue fellow hostages and be rewarded with vital items (rescuing hostages also adds to bonus points once having finished completing a stage). The game's difficulty is tough (I must admit) it's no cake-walk.  Player's may find themselves constantly replaying certain stages in order to complete.  Since the game does force the player/s to restart the stage he/she die on all over again from scratch when they've lost all their lives (no checkpoints) even if the player/s have continues left.  This may come as an annoyance to some, given the fact that continues are limited.  However, there is a save feature which lets players replay stages over (stages they've completed in general) so if all continues are lost, they can replay the stage they were just on from the title screen. Metal Slug 3 offer replay value in the sense that when having finished completing a game mode, others will soon be accessable.  Why only four stars?  It all comes down to the simple fact that Metal Slug 3 isn't a game for everyone.  Fans of high polygon-count titles, tremendous graphics, etc., may not find themselves at home.  Metal Slug is a game that's mainly aimed towards the oldschool 2d veterans of fast-actioned arcade platformers.  Classic 2d shooter at it's best.  Just don't expect to be too blown away.     