 Well Sega has finally decided to add a kunoichi to the Shinobi line-up roster.  The sequel to the PS2 Shinobi, stars a female ninja by the name of Hibana who is practically assigned to rid the streets of Japan from corruption (majority of the game's plot takes place in Tokyo).  Later on in the adventure, the heroine is faced with the luggage of the entire fate of the world resting in her hands.  Like the ps2 Shinobi, a majority of skill relies heavily on derailing from building to building hacking and slashing practically whatever moves at you (actually the player is also able to destroy non-moving objects such as tables and boxes for SPECIAL items). PS2 Shinobi was criticized for having bad camera angles and super frustrating battle sequences.  Though Sega managed to tone down the level of confusion within battle, the sequel still has the stiff feeling of it's counter-part as if it's unfinished in some areas.  Here are list of major Pro's and Neg's Nightshade contains: PRO'S -Nonstop moving ninja action. Fans of sidescrollers will be pleased to know that Nightshade is a face-paced moving action game all the way. -Splendid Dialogue.  The voice acting in Nightshade is excellent to say the least impressive.  Hibana's voice is especially well acted. -Excellent Soundtrack. The uptempo music helps maintain the fast-paced action of the game and keep the player moving. -Unlockable Secrets.  Nightshade has a ton of unlockables to obatin by completing stages and collecting coins to use to purchase hidden characters, pictures to add to the game gallery, etc., adding replay value.  In fact, the player is allowed to replay a stage if they choose in order to try and retrace their footsteps to some coins to which they may have missed prior to completing that stage. -Combo Chain Animations.  The addition Sega implemented with the way Hibana stands and taunts after juggling a handfull of enemies as they spew to shreds is amazing.  This feature is especially neat when executed in the air.    NEG'S -Superfrustrating boss encounters.  Instead of standard one on one battles when fighting bosses,  the player is not only forced to focus on that boss, but is also forced to handle off a indefinite amount of regular enemies as well.  This especially gets frustrating when encountered by a tough boss. -Low Enemy Variety.  Most of the game is spent fighting off the same flying machine gunners and rocket launcer shooters. Making the latter parts of the game feel very repetitive and tedious.  If only a larger variety of different types of enemies were implemented....    -Poor Target System.  The target system isn't very effective since it mainly focuses on one enemy at a time rather than several, unless being used to throw a shuriken from a distance at an enemy.  This feature is mainly useful on boss encounters. -Annoying Camera Angles.  Though the player can rotate the camera when and how they choose, at some times it seems as though the camera just doesn't want to stay put in the area/angle to which the player triggers it, wandering to an angle to which the player doesn't desire it to be.  Especially frustrating in boss encounters, resulting in numerous deaths. -Mediocre Graphics.  While not necessarily bad, the graphics are nowhere near PS2 standards, and could and should be MUCH better.  The shadowings are also sub-bar as well, with just a simple dark circle remaining under characters and objects.  Nightshade is a great action game.  A needed breath of fresh air to the elusive variety of ninja action games for the ps2.  It's just not as polished and hyped up to what it was said and expected to be.  By no means a failure.  Worth giving a try.     