 I'm not so sure what's with these recent sequels hardly surpassing their original predessesors (DMC2, BR2, Max Payne 2 etc.), but GG:O can also be listed as one of those disappointing sequels that had the potential of becoming a phenomenal title, but was instead rushed.  GG2 supposedly takes place after the first GG game, but hardly feels like a sequel (in terms of gameplay).  The game does offer more ingenuity aside from the first GG, however ingenuity alone is not what makes a title, it's how it's acquired/accessed which makes it sufficient.  Features such as being able to repel cannons, taking better advantage of the "jump" command, coffin swing (when playing as Grave), and finally, the ability to switch demolition shot styles without having to pause the game and choose if from a separate menu, are a step ahead of the original GG and prove to be useful.   At the same token, GG2 has also lost some of it's aspects from it's original GG which made the first a more enjoyable gaming experience.  For starters, your ability to regenerate your shield after receiving damage has supposedly been eliminated (possibly to make the gameplay more challenging) and is now regenerable only after having completed an area or battle, it will be regenerated by a small tad (not constantly like it did in the original, after having finished receiving damage).  Also your ability to heal (life) from the demolition shot option has also been eliminated for immediate use.  It almost seems as though the developers tried to make the game more challenging and in the process made it more frustrating and not enjoyable.  The voice acting in GG2 is done fairly well (dubbed this time and not subtitled like the original) though at times the dialogue can be very slow and repetitive.  There also seems to be too much dialogue in between battles (GG is supposed to be a fast-paced action shooter, not an anime soap opera) and really seems to slow down the action.  Mika and Spike (Mika in particular) are very annoying.  They'll constantly interrup you while you're in the thick of battle, only to try and give you some advice that you could have figured out on your own.  Sure, Mika's advice for the tutorial (very beginning of the game) may have proved useful, but that doesn't mean interrup every thirty seconds of a stage to tell me something that I already know.  They tell you absolutely NOTHING that you couldn't have figured out on your own! Stating comments suchs as "Look out!! He's got a Cannon Gun/Rocket Launcher!" Yeah, we see that!!!  Since when did the unshakable killing machine Grave need advice in the thick of battle?  I guess the developers figured that since Grave doesn't talk, they'd just have some friends entertain him, doing all the talking for him.  Bad move.  The music is decent.  It borrows heavily from the anime series. The same jazzy sound of GG1 as well.  Not much to compain about there.  The camera angles are pretty bad, and trying to adjust the camera so that all can be seen is nearly impossible since it goes into this horrid inverted view that focuses only on the player whenever trying to adjust it.  Also, whenever your character gets knocked down, the camera goes into a terrible inverted angle that completely throws you off as to where you were.  Boss battles are very tedious, just your average/typical running around in circles shooting and repelling object thrown or shot at you.  Not much debt to it.  Very unimagitive and repetitive.  The game does have replay value in the sense that after completing the game, it will give the player access to unlockable hidden features (that's if you're willing to ignore the frustrating gameplay and level design to play through). To be quite honest, GG2 isn't much fun at all compared to the first title.  So, by me giving it three stars, I'm being very merciful. Even for a game that retails for about $15 bucks.  I could have easily deducted stars for the poor level design, bad frame rate, and very poor unimagitive bosses, but I'll leave that all to the players to decide.  If you like games to which are frustrating enough to make you send your controller across your room in a raging flash, then this will probably suit you well.  You play and be the judge.         