 Well gamers can rejoice now. No longer will gamers need consider "Mace Griffin: Bounty Hunter," the largest upset from a game that was in development for over three years. Now that a title has come and take that crown.    The name of the game is "Malice." Sure, we first saw clips of the title back in 2001 when it was introduced as an entirely new and innovative platformer. Then suddenly, the title was put on tentative hold. Three years to be exact (not in development as some speculate). Argonaunt moved onto other projects, thus placing the "Malice Project" on internal hold.    Then, around early 2004 after Argonaunts finally finished promoting their current projects, they glance over at the dust-filled "Malice Project." They figure "Hey ya' know, this game doesn't look so outdated, let's just rush up some last minute game elements, not update the graphics, and toss it on the shelves. Yeah, we'll for sure make a quick buck."    I'll admit that Malice isn't all that great. I'll take that back, it's horrible. Graphics are horrendous, sound is cheesy, missions are plain to the core (just your standard find & return the key type missions). Now, lets just be conservative for a moment. Let's pretend that Malice was released in late 01'. With titles like Blinx, Rayman, Jak & Daxter etc compared to it, they easily blow Malice out of the water.    Gameplaywise, Malice is unforgivably sluggish. The movements are lackluster (your character cannot move and attack at the same time), numerous glitches, terrible character models, etc. Just seems as though if Malice would have made a for a good 32bit title.    Playing Malice will make some gamers feelas though their time's being wasted. In a game era where we're surrounded by action-platformers such as Voodo Vince, Kya: Dark Lineage, Beyond Good & Evil, and a new Jak title in the works (Jak 3 to be exact), Malice just approaches gamers as an alternative. Perhaps a buy for about ten bucks, nothing more. If you're considering investing in Malice for an innovating gaming experience, you WILL be left woefully disappointed.     