 Well, let me first start off by stating that DOA1 is straight up garbage.  There is nothing unique or splendid about the game, just your average 3d button mashing fighter.  Why anyone would spend their majority playing DOAI over the newly revamped and updated DOA2 is beyond me.  That's not to say that I don't appreciate Tecmo for including it with DOA2, because I do (but seriously, DOAI with online play?!!).   Now, onto the DOA2 review.  Sure, DOA2 does have some astonishing graphics, and the character models are well developed.  It's however obvious that Team Ninja didn't take the time to implement much motion capture though, because every character moves with this sluggish proportion as if they haven't used the restroom in weeks.  Also, the Japanese voiceovers can be quite  annoying from time to time (Ninja Gaiden has a dubbed/subtitled language option, so why doesn't DOA:U?).  There are thirteen characters (with two hidden characters taken straight from DOA3) for a total of fifteen in all.  Why Team Ninja just didn't go ahead and add the other remaining characters from DOA3, boggles me.  Now, lets talk about the online department.  This is where DOA:U totally flops.  Not only is DOAU one of the most overrated online fighters to have graced the xbox, but is also by far the worst!!   Instead of standard randomized one-on-one matches, Tecmo has whipped together this hideous Arcade-live engine in which online play has now become a lag-full mess!  You'll enter the game's "Search Session" and then be handed a bustle of matches to choose from.  From there, you'll be forced to wait in line, watching other players fight until your turn comes around (it's like waiting in line at the grocery store, only with more frustration).  Sounds simple, right?  You pick your character, costume, and stage, then the match is on.  As you're into the match, players drastically enter and exit in between rounds.  This causes major traffic jams, resulting in horrendous lag and glitches during matches.    I admire Team Ninja's attempt at trying to resurrect the ill-faded arcade-fighter style of gameplay.  However, I was always convinced that a match at the arcade had more energy than this. There have just been too many incidents as to when during or after a match, players will be left glancing at a black screen for numerous minutes (the game freezes up drastically online) forcing players to go for the final alternative, which is to reset their xbox system, load it back up, and attempt to find a match which doesn't contain as much lag and slowdown (it's virtually impossible to find matches 100% lag free in DOAU. Any sincere gamer, who's played the game online for more than fifteen minutes can tell you that).  Sure, players are given the option to create matches and reduce the room size/player slot, that's considering anyone comes to their game.  Practically, it all boils down to a player's connection speed.  A single player with a bad connection can ruin it all for a match with eight players.  Personally, I was quite baffled to see this much lag in DOAU, despite the game's numerous delays and setbacks.   Finally, lets tackle the subject as to DOAU's price tag.  Tecmo charges full price for this game ($49.99) that's waaay too expensive for two games that have been out for over four years!!  You could probably find both of these games for cheaper on both the Saturn and PS2 (DOA1 on Saturn or ps1, and DOA2 on PS2 or Dreamcast).  It's an understatement, if DOAU contained all of the characters from DOA3, but this game doesn't even have all of the character's moves from DOA3, much less the characters themselves (when the game's supposedly a vast improvement over DOA3). Online play, updated graphics, and extra costumes, simply does not justify the huge price tag (especially when games like Streetfighter: Anniversary Collection, which comes with two games with online play and an entire movie, retail for about $29.99).    DOAU will still be a must-buy for it's superb graphics and character models (along with crisp costumes) considering that it's price drops soon.  However, if the online play is any indication of what future DOA installments will be like (and why would Team Ninja included it if it wasn't?) I'm not in the slightest bit happy with the direction the series is headed.              