 I must confess that I am a die-hard fan of the BR series (I absolutely enjoyed the first BR).  So when BR2 was confirmed, I was ecstatic, and seeing the screenshots of the title sent me to my game retailer to pre-order the title.  Now that I finally own the title, I must confess that I'm left with a result that leaves me with a sour taste in my mouth.  As we last remembered, BR1 left off with Rayne discovering that her father is still alive, so she thus seeks out found him.  BR2 practically pick ups from that spot after years of Rayne's premeditation, but doesn't seen harness that magic that was of the BR1.  As I went through BR1 I felt compelled to play on, to learn more about the story, and about Rayne.  BR2's story just appears watered down and doesn't truly give any incentive as to why to continue playing the game.  In BR2, Rayne just works as an agent that's assigned to do this and that instead of working upon her own free will (as to that of BR1 in the second half of the game).   Another complaint is the combat system.  What on earth happened to being able to pick up firearms?!!  One thing I truly adored about BR1 was your freedom to pick up practically any weapon the enemy dropped (shotguns, rocket launchers, etc.).  BR2, Rayne can only use her blades and blood gun (which runs out way to fast, and takes too long to recharge) which supposedly eliminates/takes the place of using or picking up firearms.  The computer AI also, seems very dumb at times (characters running into ways etc)or occasionally stating comments such "Gotta Go!" or "Se Ya Later!" In this aspect, the game feels waaay too sanitary.    Throughout the game, Rayne learns several different skills (as did with BR1) and combination attacks, though several of them are pretty useless and probably won't ever need to be used.  Battles seem pretty repetitive (though the developers eliminated the "find a key" type missions of BR1) it's now replace with tedious "destroy all enemies to progress" ones now, and boss battles are either too easy or too tough.  The graphics in the game don't seem to surprass BR1's very much (in fact, I'd go as far to say that BR1 looked better in every aspect, with the exception of BR2 using motion capture).  BR2 does have some advantages tough, the game contains unlockables such as movie sequences, and cheats password (from BR1) is still kept intact.     BR2 is alright game, gamers new to the series may love it.  However, to the die-hard BR fans, don't expect to be too impressed.  One thing I noticed when playing BR2 is that Rayne didn't appear to be the hardcore-bad@$$ she was in BR1.  Well perhaps she's just upset that she's in this mediocre sequel. An average game.      