 Now, I don't have a problem with the characters all being animated in low-res, nor do have a big gripe with the completely bland & generic background music.  What I DO have a quarrel with, is the completely broken gameplay & unbalanced character roster.    The character roster is one of the most marred to date for any vs series (no Zangief, Morrigan, Blanka, Yuri, no Rival School characters, no Last Blade characters, etc.) & having two different types of Ken, Mr. Karate, Akuma, & Iori don't really count as variety within the character roster.  Shin Akuma & Shin Mr. Karate (of all characters) have infinite supers.  This results in these types of characters being heavily abused online by noobs.  Also, there is no rematch option online, & the ranking system is broken (at times if you defeat an opponent online, that opponent can acquire your win/points).     Don't think for a minute, that by placing the difficulty level on the hardest setting will give you a challenge against the computer in arcade mode.  All the computer does is turtle you, shooting projectiles & spamming the same moves over & over. The hit collision is very poorly executed, with punches & kicks going right through characters (supers as well).  There is even some lag-input inbetween supers at times.  Also, grapples/throws which miss, result in one's power/super meter slightly decreasing (for each throw missed).       What really kills this game is how obsolete the Capcom characters feel.  Characters such as Guile & Bison have had their charged-based moves/proportions adjusted drastically,  making them practically useless to play as.    It's pretty neat how the characters have dialogue throughout the arcade mode.  The gallery section's also a nice touch (though, unlocking each character pic via survivor mode, can be quite tedious) as well as the replay mode (which appears to have been completely stripped from CVS2 EO) which allows one to save an indefinite amount of replays to the xbox's hard drive.   All in all, this game would have been alright it were to have been released back in the mid 90s', but with it's unbalanced roster (& limited modes of play) this game's not guaranteed to hold one's interest for very long.  Best wishes on seeing this one make it to a tourney.     