 Up until now I have been a strong advocate of Panda Antivirus.  It has outstanding detection rates, daily updates and even catches spyware (the 2005 version).  Now they are advertising antispyware in the 2006 version, even though some protection was there in the 2005 version.  The 2005 version runs smoothly and updates flawlessly.  Installation has always been a bit dicey and I had a lot of problems installing 2005 version on one system and a few problems on another.  Now comes the 2006 version.  Unfortunately this version wants to be the only antivirus program on your system.  While it's not a good idea to try and run more than one antivirus program at the same time, you certainly should be able to install more than one  and switch between them when you wish.  Apparently not with Panda 2006; it won't let you install if there is any other antivirus program installed, even if it is not actively running.  I removed all my prior antivirus programs and Panda 2006 still won't install; it thinks I have eTrust EZ Antivirus (Computer Associates), even though it isn't on my system and never has been.  I have used the EZ Antivirus web based scanner, which may have left something on my system that Panda is seeing, but I can't find it and Panda 2006 refuses to install, continuing to insist that I have EZ Antivirus installed.  I suspect that Panda 2006 is a fantastic program especially if it is improved over prior versions, but until I can use it, I can't say.  Maybe in a short while I'll be singing the praises of this version, but for now I would be cautious of it, especially if you want to run other virus scanners and especially if you have ever used EZ antivirus.  I'll post an updated review if and when Panda resolves the issues with the new version.  Given my past experiences with Panda, I would say you might want to give it a try if you have a new system with no other antivirus software ever installed. My guess is that it would work great.  Update: Finally got this installed and working.  It is very comprehensive and includes a firewall as well as anti-spyware.  Unfortunately the firewall is not configurable.  Also the product doesn't play well with some other products.  I wanted to use the Kerio firewall, but Panda's may be conflicting with it, even when it is disabled.  My rating is up a little to 2 stars; maybe 3.  It's a good product if you don't need to configure your firewall and you want something comprehensive.  Can't recall ever getting a virus using Panda and the daily updates are a real plus.  Unfortunately if you are running Windows early in the day before the updates come through for the day, Windows tells you that your antivirus software may be out of date.     