 This is my second IZ album.  The first was "Facing Future".  Since Facing Future was so good, I was afraid I would be disappointed in this album, but it is fully as good, if not better.  I think I like it better.  More of the songs on Facing Future were in English; more are in native Hawaiian on this album.  I believe 4 are in English, 7 or 8 are in Hawaiian and one or two is a mix of both.  Although I don't understand the words of the non-English songs, the singing is "angelic".  IZ has such a beautiful, crystal clear voice that he could sing about anything and it would sound good.  The words don't even really matter, as it is such a joy to listen to.  Those new to IZ would do better to start with Facing Future.  The first track (Mona Lisa) on "Alone in IZ World" sounds a little strange (like a rehersal or like he is just fooling around in the studio).  It probably is not the best intro to a musician so revered in his native Hawaii that he was only the third person to have ever been in a pubic lying-in-state in the capitol courtyard (previously used only for a governor and a senator).  What IZ does with a simple song like Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star is amazing.  You wouldn't know it was the same song, if you had not heard it before.  IZ was not a perfect singer (as some of his strongest admirers may want you to believe).  The way he pronounced some words in English was not quite correct.  That probably adds something to his charm; that he had some imperfections.  As far as his voice and delivery, it was as close to perfect as you can get.  There have been quite a few better singers, but almost none with a better, smoother voice or who can put more feeling into a song.  Even Nat King Cole whose voice was described as crushed velvet is second to IZ.  It's a shame that the greatest popularity came after IZ died, but sometimes that's just the way it 'IZ'. I do have one big complaint about this album and almost knocked off a star in the rating for this problem.  When you first insert the CD on a computer, if you have autorun set on, it wants to install Quicktime to play the multimedia "extras" that are included.  After Quicktime installs (it overwrote my Quicktime that was already installed), every time you insert the CD, the music doesn't start playing; instead you get the multimedia menu.  There is also no selection on the menu to play the songs or any mention of how to play them, until you exit from the menu.  Then it tells you to start up Windows Media Player to play the songs.  This is very irritating and a poor implementation.  The "extras" should be there if you want them, but not force you into the menu and then require an exit to play the music.  Of course one can turn off autorun, but I happen to like it on.  Either way, you have to manually start the CD to play the music.  I don't know if any of this is explained on the jewel case insert or not, as I don't have the insert.     