 I just started using my camera yesterday and my first impression is that this thing seems very fragile.  Hope I don't drop it, as it might not survive the fall.  It is extremely small, light and compact.  Think of two packs of cigarettes or two packs of playing cards.  It is that small.  Great for travel due to the light weight and compactness.  Got it for about $90 on sale; would hate to pay more than that for it. Very easy to operate, but if you have big hands, this will be too small for you.  Be warned that it won't take more than a couple minutes of video without a memory card, so you'll have to put a little more money into it if you really want to do video or really much of anything.  The first video I took came out pretty decent, but it was in good light.  I tried some still shots inside at night and they came out very dark in spite of the flash.  The flash doesn't seem adequate, so this is probably a camera best used outdoors or in the daytime.  Great camera for a kid.  This is a good camera for small hands and a great size for kids.  If they break it or lose it, you aren't out a bundle.  As another reviewer pointed out, it does only take video in the ASF format; not MPEG, as the advertising suggests.  I think MPEG might be just music files.  I didn't need to install the software to capture the pictures or movies on my computer (Windows XP).  Another great thing is that this is a complete package.  It has the camera, a carrying strap, a carrying case, USB cable, TV cables, headphones, battery, battery charger and software.  It does not come with a lens cap and the cap is not available either.  You can buy an optional tripod for it and with the small size, I think that could be useful in some situations to help hold and stabilize the camera.  I am not sure how you store music on it; I probably won't use that feature, but it seems like it would be a nice compact music player; again you'll need a memory card to save much of anything on it.  One problem I had so far.  The memory card (which you have to buy separately--a standard SD card) slips in the bottom under a little rubber membrane.  The first time I held the camera I accidentally popped out the card and lost the shots I was trying to take.  This might be a problem and I am thinking I may have to put a piece of heavy tape over the bottom to hold the membrane and memory chip in place and prevent ejecting the memory again.  Another downside that I see is the battery.  You can't just pick up some spare batteries at the corner store and pop them in.  You have to use the special rechargeable battery.  If you don't have a spare one charged up, your camera will go dead and you'll have to wait until you can plug in the charger and recharge the battery.  That's another $20 for a spare battery.  My digital camera uses standard AA batteries, so I can use either rechargeables or regular batteries.  If this camera used regular batteries, it would make it larger and heavier, so the small rechargeable does help on the weight and size.  Don't buy this if you are a serious photographer.  Buy it for occasional use, for easy portability and as a first camera to learn on.  Controls are easy and straightforward.  Nice camera for the money, but not for serious photographers.  It does a lot for a tiny little thing; sure doesn't make me want to go back to the days of huge video cameras that you had to hold on your shoulder, due to the weight.  Minaturization can go too far and this is about as small as I would ever want to go; might be easier to use if it was just a tiny bit bigger.     