 I wanted to install XP without losing Windows 2000, so I followed the instructions with Partition Magic very carefully and everything worked extremely well.  There were a couple of minor glitches, but overall things went much better than I expected.  This is a good product, but it is not for the novice. You need to understand the types of partitions and all the issues involved.  There is an antimated tutorial that comes with the product and it is very well done and explains some of what you need to know before you proceed.  You also MUST create the recovery disks that are recommended.  At one point, without the diskettes, I would have been unable to get to one of my partitions and would have had a difficult time getting that partition back.  Also backup is recommended, as is checking your disk for errors.  If you don't follow the instructions very carefully and understand what you are doing, I can easily see where you could end up with a big mess on your hands.  You may need to know how to change your BIOS settings too, in order to boot from a CD, if the OS you are trying to install is on a CD.  While a novice might get through it all, this tool is definately better used by those who understand how to install operating systems and how disks are structured and partitioned.  I suspect that some exotic configurations with odd disks or operating systems could easily be trashed by this product.  It's very powerful and I am extremely pleased that it did what it claimed to be able to do, on my system.  Again, if you decide to buy this, it is very important that you read the documentation, view the tutorial and understand what the product is doing and what you are doing.  One downside that I encountered is that my USB2 drive is apparently not supported, as PM shows it as BAD, even though the documentation says it supports USB2.  Don't buy it with expectations that it will work on a USB drive.  I have to say that Symantec has a way of dumbing-down some of their products to the point that they aren't as good anymore as when they were owned by other companies.  Although I don't have experience with prior versions of Partition Magic, I do have experience with a couple other products that they bought from other companies.  Their versions just don't measure up to the originals.  Symantec often gets beat up for poor products, but I think it is partly because thier products are in such wide use. You can't cover every quirky system out there and the more widely your product is used, the more potential problems.  For me, it is a love/hate relationship; I can't live with them and I can't live without them.     