  In the prologue, the author states: "The agenda for this book is ambitious. It describes a comprehensive theory of how the brain works. It describes what intelligence is and how your brain creates it.". That second sentence is misleading. This book does not actually cover emotions, consciousness, or Self, among other things I'm possibly missing. The author does present a thesis and exposition of how the brain manages to be 'intelligent' which basically amounts to the capacity for problem-solving, where problem refers to a very broad category, covering most day-to-day mundane as well as challenging activities.   The writing is lucid and the ideas concerning the brain's implementation of 'problem-solving' are well-explained without recourse to much actual neurobiology, despite some of the reviews suggesting otherwise. As far as the exposition is concerned, I found the writing somewhat redundant with various examples all illustrating the same point, but it's not too much of a drag. The book is aimed at a wide audience.  Criticism of this book's content could fall into 3 categories,  ---- 1)problems with the theory of neocortical operation i.e. memory-prediction framework - I'm not well versed with neural architecture to find any. My intuition had led to the single cortical algorithm principle before I had heard of this book and naturally I agree with it. Hawkins touts Vernon Mountcastle's Organizing Principle of Cerebral Function as revolutionary, but that's from a neurobiological analysis. Rational introspection may lead to the same conclusion. The details of this theory are subject to verification of the testable predictions he makes at the end of the book. ---- 2)problems of integrating other brain functions especially emotions - Hawkins, more or less, says that emotions are covered by more ancient brain structures, and not the neocortex. In the final chapter, he dispels fears of intelligent robots revolting against their organic masters on the basis that their designed hardware won't give rise to human emotions (fear, greed..etc)  On what basis? My neurobiology is rustic, but isn't virtually all grey matter implemented on a similar biological substrate (neurons). So why can't the cortex support emergence of emotional quale? This isn't explained beyond saying that emotion centers are elsewhere other than the cortex. You could argue that the specific wiring is a constraint, but Hawkins doesn't even have a convincing answer to how distinct sensory modalities emerge from homogenuous neural processing of data within the neocortex itself. ---- 3)problems of a philosophical nature - why does the neural activity give rise to qualia? How do distinct modalities of qualia arise from essentially homogenuous neural activity? On page 63, he brings up the obvious point - since all perception/cognition is via the mind, how does one ascribe 'real' existence to other minds? i.e. falsify solipsism. His answer: "They are really there.". Nothing further. On pg 75, talking about auto-associative recall: "Inputs to the brain auto-associatively link to themselves, filling in the present, and auto-associatively link to what normally follows next. We call this chain of memories thought, and although its path is not deterministic, we are not fully in control of it either.". He apparently bows to free will, but doesn't actually try to support it. He also doesn't explore the sense of self and how the brain/cortex creates/binds to it. ----  Overall though, this book is engaging and thought-provoking. I suppose the author has succeeded in his central goal i.e. to present his theory of how the neocortex operates.     