 Forever by Pete Hamill  As a New Yorker exiled in California, I can  never get enough of New York news, accents, jokes or food. Now add history to the list: Pete Hamill's novel Forever  tells the history of Manhattan island from pre-Revolutionary times to the post-9/11 world.  Forever is illustrative of the old saw, "Newspapers give the facts, but novels tell the truth." We care more about events when we care about one or more characters, and in Forever we follow  Cormac O'Connor, a likeable and sympathetic Irishman, through three decades of life in the ever changing city of New York.  Because Pete Hamill's been grinding out journalism for some forty years, he can be trusted where the historical data is concerned. As one might expect, he did some pretty intense research for this book. How ironic then that, while the events in Forever ring true, readers first have to suspend disbelief to accept that Cormac lives forever. Once accepted, though, Cormac's story is totally compelling. And a good thing, too-if the plot itself weren't so interesting, I'm not sure I would  have gotten through the whole book: just as Hamill's long career as a journalist has honed and refined his research skills, it tends to interfere with the quality of his fiction; he could definitely use some lessons on craft. Some of his writing habits are merely annoying, others, such as a displaced love for parentheses, are downright maddening, There may be a place in literature for parentheses, but I'll be damned if I know why Hamill uses as many as he does.  Opening the book at random I find, on one page: 	"On this hill (Cormac was told) the hangman plied his trade." 	"He heard (from a raving preacher) that many succeeded."  These remarks aren't mere asides or afterthoughts, but an integral part of the narrative and, as such, deserve the dignity of incorporation into the prose.(In the interests of full disclosure, I confess that, as an editor, I'm ridiculously picayune about bumpy prose.) I hope these comments won't turn readers away from Forever, as it's well worth reading.   An interesting aside: Hamill completed and mailed the manuscript of Forever to his publisher on September 10, 2001. The next day he knew he had to revise the book to reflect the events of September 11th. It took Hamill another year to write about the attack on the World Trade Center and its effect on his characters. He did an admirable job of it.           