 This is a sequel to Mara and Dann, Doris Lessing's adventure story about a brother and sister trying to survive in a world where weather rules--and there's plenty of it. As is said of so many sequels, you don't need to have read the first book to get the second--to simply follow and understand the story, that is. On a more meaningful level, the reader who hasn't read Mara and Dann won't get much more from the sequel than that: a story. I'll go even further and say that, to those who haven't read at least some of Lessing's previous books, it's possible that The Story of General Dann and Mara's Daughter, Griot and the Snow Dog will seem mighty thin. Themes that Lessing has been exploring almost obsessively for fifty years are merely touched on here, and I suspect that the virgin Lessing reader won't even catch them as they whiz past.   I'm referring to Lessing's preoccupation with consciousness: individual versus collective consciousness; the evolution of human consciousness (past, present and future); animal and even alien consciousness. She's also still fretting, with good reason of course, about  the waste and destruction of "what we've been landed with" (see Four Gated City). These days she seems particularly aggrieved--even disgusted--by what we've done to this planet with which we've been landed.  Compared to the nonstop perils that Mara and Dann constantly fought to overcome in the first book, not much happens in this one, other than the interactions between the characters. The most interesting of these is the relationship between Dann and Ruff, the snow dog he rescues from drowning as a pup. Lessing has written a lot about cats, but this is her first foray into  dog consciousness. Rarely sentimental, she makes no exception here--yet I defy any reader to remain dry-eyed during certain passages involving Ruff.  Little did I know when I picked up A Proper Marriage nearly 35 years ago that I was being introduced to an author whose work would stimulate and nourish me for a lifetime. I hope nothing I've said here will dissuade anyone from reading this book; my mission is to "spread the gospel" of Lessing, and I recommend not only this but her entire oeuvre. She's 87 now, and I don't know how much more to reasonably expect from her in the future. Fortunately, she's produced an enormous body of work already.     