 Tekken 4 is almost here. Some people will say it is the same old Tekken, just a prettier Tekken 3. This is simply not the case. Tekken 4 has evolved more than any Tekken to date. Perhaps only us Tekken veterans will notice, but the fact remains, Tekken 4 brings some major changes and enhancements over previous games in the series. Tekken 4 is the result of a lot of years of tweaking into something quite polished.    First, the visuals.  Tekken 4 looks extremely good. If you played PS2's VF4, you'd notice the rough visuals as far as textures and jaggies.  Tekken4's visuals puts PS2's VF4 to shame with no jaggies of shimmering and detailed textures with very expansive backgrounds.  The characters arent quite as detailed as VF4 but the animation seems a bit better.  Easily the best looking fighter on the PS2. Tekken 4 is also the first progressive scan compatible game for PS2.  Lets hope this trend continues.  There is also an option to flick on/off the flicker filter of the game.  Put it on and the game has no jaggies or shimmering and everything has a smooth look.  Turn it off& everything will be really sharp but there will be some shimmer.  Either way, the game is beautiful if not a little barren in a couple stages.  But the reflections and water in the mall arena, from the glass in the windows, or the floor, or the gold lining in the shops, I've been heartily impressed.  The smoothness and detail of the statues, its surprising how much it imitates the real sculpture's attention to human skin.  The little details like the hatch being open to airplane, or "Geken" playing at the movie theater in Shinjuku...the game just looks amazingly clear and sharp.    O.k, the gameplay; Christie is a great improvement over the odiously cheap Eddy, and the game benefits greatly from a much improved attention to balance.  Ling Xiaoyu has been improved into one of my favorite fighters now, I was surprised how much I had in learning her.  Meanwhile, Steve Fox is a bright edition to the line-up, his evasion moves and inability to kick bring back memories of playing Street Fighter Turbo...and I think he's managed to be a very interesting and fresh character.  Hwoarang is definitely my favorite of the bunch, though, great design, excellent attention to his moves, it feels like he was drafted from Soul Calibur into Tekken!  While, yes, the game still has repeat characters, that's a Namco fighter for you.  Plus, the different heights, 3D movement, breakable elements, wall hits and position/turn-partner moves really do add a lot to the gameplay and has evolved the Tekken series immensely.  Its really advanced over what I was used too and the character line-up may be the best yet.  (It just needs Kunimitsu!)    I've had a lot of fun playing through Story Mode and Tekken Force through the past two weeks and I think I'm going to end liking this one as much as Tekken 2, which was something of a favorite back in the PSX era.  Too bad there's no Kunimitsu though and Marduk needs to crawl back into the womb of whatever cockroach conceived him.  The endings, despite their acting and the narrator sounding like gentle psychiatrist, rock in a way Tekken endings haven't for quite a while now.  I'll often just watch them a few times over, I especially like Law and Xiaoyu's endings.  Also, Steve's ending was kind of Shokku!  I didn't expect that, but I guess should have.  Its cool, because the Tekken storyline is actually pretty noteable compared to the weak stuff you see in most fighters, the characters and story are what attracted me to the series in the first place.  Of course, Tekken still isn't as deep a game as VF, but with 4 it finally has the goods to be comparable.  Oh and the music!  Currently, as I type the Airport music is stuck in my head.  The ending song is also top rate, as is the impossibly cool edition of the Tekken 2 remixes.  Namco Sound Team are very talented with electronica/techno/whatever Americans call it, I like their Pac Man club remixes, they're hilarious!      Another cool thing about PS2's Tekken 4 is that Namco also included some Tekken 1 and Tekken 2 music for nostalgia's sake.  Lei's, Jack's, Heihachi's, Kazuya's, Nina's, Paul's, and Law's TK2 BGMs are all in there.  Then there's a bunch of tracks from TK1, probably more than what's there from TK2.  The 'statue' stage plays a number of Tekken 2 arcade music (not arranged).  The ones I've heard so far are Lei's, Jack-2's (I think) and the sub-boss music. The training mode is actually pretty good. I like how you can record moves, there are some recommended combos to show beginners possible linking techniques, and the playback demonstration is there (though not in training, wonder why).  For some reason, I've gotten madly addicted to getting as fast a time as I can going through the 20 moves on training mode, its just gets me in zen mode.  So far, my fastest time is 28 seconds with Steve Fox. All in all, Tekken 4 sports enough gameplay improvments and additions that the series desperately needed and has come together wonderfully. If you're a Tekken fan, you'll need this game.     