 Most platformers today are more or less the same. Same ideas, same objectives with the same old cliche's. Sly Cooper is about to break that trend. Make no mistake, it does share similarities with various platformers, but it adds enough depth and play mechanics to seperate itself from the pack while still remainng quite fun. The game revolves alot around stealth, ala MGS, but fuses it together with platformer elements. Instead of jumping around mindlessly as in most platformers, Sly makes you think just what is the best route to get to a certain objective, as there will often be diffrent traps and other enemies or the like but there is always different routes to take rather than a set path for every objective. Each path will vary on difficulty and strategy. It might me to jump into a barrel and tip toe around an enemy or radar, or perhaps scurry up a high wire, or maybe swing from rope to rope. There are plenty of various situations where different skills or tactics will be needed, so everything does not become monotonous. Thankfully, the game itself handles wondefully, with very fluid and responsive control. Sly himself has diffrent abilities such as jumping, rolling, running, and and uses his odd-shaped cane as his primary 'weapon'. There are also your typical coin collecting for extra lives and you can also collect a few bottles in each level, to unlock a secret move for Sly to have at his desposure. So the little collecting there is in the game is quite rewarding. Another great aspect is the mini games. You will find mini games such as auto racing, where you drive Sly's beefed up dirt truck and there's other like sniping, submarine shooting and many others. The game's graphics are impressive as it looks much like a modern animated cartoon, and a good one at that. Animation flows seamingly and gives the illusion of a fantasy cartoon world. Enivorments and color schemes are also varied to keep from getting too repetetive. There is also voice acting dialogue through-out the entire game. All in all Sly Cooper is a great platforming game, that mixes platform action with stealth gameplay and yet manages to keep these two concepts quite enjoyable. Add to that endless mini-games and amusing dialogue. It's a game that can be enjoyed by both young children and adults alike.     