 My goodness! This has to best of the series edging out TM2 in my opinion. Very fast, handles great and has a *really* fun 4 man multiplayer. There are about 15 characters(including Sweet Tooth!) and about 11 levels for single player and 18 different ones for multiplayer, so theres alot variety. Some levels are compact and some aremassive, like the Suburbia level for example. Dont ask me how they did it, but they made this game run at an almost perfect 60fps at all times. Thats unbelievable considering all the particle explosion effects, including weather effects such as pouring rain and heavy snow in some courses, all the players and landscape this title shows all on screen at once, with no noticeable fog in the background......amazing. Soundtrack is also top notch. Its very dyanamic as well. For example, when there is alot of action on screen, the music will get louder and play more riffs, but for those couple quiet moments, the music will dim down a bit and make things peaceful. It adds so much to the game, espescially if you have a Dolby Surround sound system. The destruction and speed of this game compliments this series really well, taken to the next level with the better technology obviously. The particle effects are CG like and the maneuvers, handling and physics are extremely polished, unlike TM3 and TM4. The A.I is a little difficult but not enough to get frustrated, but definitely challenging. Thankfully there are cheats you can use if its gets too hard. The multiplayer is also a blast. 4 player splitscreen and stil runs at 60 fps most of the time! I mean it, this is the most enjoyable multiplayer game I've played in a while. Lot of unlockables, CG stories for each character. There's really nothing I can gripe about. Superb handling, slick menus, plenty of playable chracters and levels,  2 and 4 player splitscreen, all with a smooth framerate and short load times, literally the best car combat game on the market. Again, welcome back Incognito, you made the TM series great once again. Buy it!     