 I've never been a large fan of The Sims on PC, it's hard not to respect what Maxis acomplished with the original game, both in terms of a life simulation and in terms of universal appeal. But I always had some issues, that and the game had a chain of very slick, very logical expansions. However, for me, the game moved way too quickly and often because an act of tedium rather than a fun experience. I purchased the PS2 game for a number of reasons, the tweaked progression scales, a mixture of items from all of the expansions (I never got any of the expansions myself), a host of neat original PS2 items, a fun mission mode, competitive mini-games, and open ended co-op.  Plus I had bought way too many PC games as of late, and needed something for the ol' consoles to play into the wee hours if I became entranced...again. I had some worries and doubts, and while I disagree with some things Maxis and EoR did with the conversion, I have to say this is a ...good game, is faithful to the PC version, adds a ton of [stuff], the game isn't nearly as tedious to play, oddly enough controls like a dream and most importantly: The co-op is INCREDIBLY well pulled off. Simply great co-op, since I grabbed the game, I've sunk about 10-12 hours with a pal into it in crazy night long plays. Establishing house by house a dual-neighborhood full of neat characters is too much fun and offers so much play time it's scary, and I've just scratched the surface. The co-op neghborhood set-up takes from the insanely miniscule ammount of things that Animal Crossing did right (I'm not comparing the two titles, however, it can't be done) it allowing the importing and exporting of characters and even houses. But really, the co-op in The Sims is just hard to explain why it's so damn fun, you'd sit there and figure it would really [stink], I assumed it would at least, but no, it's like miniscule Sims online without the massive lameness OF the Sims Online, or even the original PC game faults. It just clicks, working together to accomplish goals, dividing out tasks, establishing relationships and throwing parties, great fun. The Get a Life mode is pretty darn slick as well, hosting 8 missions (the later ones being QUITE long and offering good challenge) and offers a nice levy of unlockable features (mini-games, items, the neighborhood mode itself) it's been pulled off a lot better than I expected. The classic free play is just as good. Building houses with the PS2 controller also works really well (I cannot stress how sweet the controls are on this compared to the PC, they just work so damn well) The 3D visuals are pretty damn good, it's fun to see all the old 2D PC game objects in 3D. The game is decently detailed, can fit a lot of characters on screen and has a good sense of charm to it. It runs smooth and the camera panning is SUCH a nice feature comparied to the [junk] fixed rotations of the PC title. The music...well, The Sims never really relied on music, The Sims probably has by far the greatest sound effects and voice acting ever, but if you snag a stereo there is some entertaining stuff, all sung in Simish of course. Nothing beats Sim rap, hilarious stuff. In the end, a lot may like it more than the PC edition, others may not, I love it myself, and to say the least it's a fun value packed version of The Sims that erases a lot of the tedium and flaws presented in the original. I love my co-op.     