 Well it's been awhile, but MP is finally here. Did it live up tot he name? Almost. First the good. Graphics are sweet. Unreal atmoshere and smooth framerate. The textures are blurry for a GC game, but they're decent. The lighting and particles are a sight to see. Sound is really well done as well. No voice acting at all but the sfx and music is top notch with pII support. But essentially, some fundamental gameplay flaws make the game needlessly frustrating. One of the flaws is the controls. I disagree about the current perspective being "ideal" - even when jumping, it'd be nice to look down at my feet before I leap and gauge how close to the platform's edge I am, but that is not possible. Jumping from and to platforms is almost always harder than it should be, not to mention the pot you're in when an enemy manages to get behind you when you're fighting a pack in front of you. Dual-analog would've made this perfection. Even after finishing the game just under 14 hours, I still find the controls unecessarily prohibitive. I know that a few weaksauce types fear and abhor the free look style controls of Halo/TS2, but there really should have been an option. Funny how the two aspects I *don't* like - the dull-as-dirt scanning and the limited prespective controls - came from Miyamoto. Again, that's what's symptomatic about the "new" Nintendo - dumbing their games down just a little too much with overthink and overdesign. The morphing ball is also a nice touch though, although nothing that evolves the game.  I can say, that I would enjoy Metroid quite a bit more if it had the option for a non-fixed free look, and there is NO situation I've encountered in over 14 hours of play that would've been compromised by it. It's missing for one reason, and that reason is that console-style FPS controls are very daunting to novice gamers as well as many "hardcore" gamers, since they've only been around for a short time. I know a couple people who breathed a sigh of relief when they heard the controls "were like Goldeneye and not Halo," just because they couldn't really adjust to the free-look style. This doesn't excuse the lack of an OPTION to change the controls, though. I would also enjoy better visor controls, since the D-pad requires me to take my hand off the analog stick in order to scan in the heat of battle (to find boss weak points), although some of the blame could be leveled at the Gamecube controller and it's relative paucity of buttons. There's also a real lack of Zelda-style context sensitivity which makes these various buttons/pad presses necessary. Also, the game is a single player game, with no multiplayer whatsoever, whch really brings dow the replay value and the game is pretty short as is. But all in all, it is a decent game. Just don't expect it's gameplay to match it's visual and sound presentation.     