 Well, I finally got to play Getaway(U.K version) and for the most part, am quite pleased. I only played it for about 1 hour, and then took it 'round a friend's house, where we induldged in some serious playing tme with the game. General census after a few hours was that at first it's a bit hard to like, but it does start to grow on you eventually (we played into the very early hours, which is kind of testament to the game's charm). It's neither a GTA clone and doesn't try to be, but it mixes aspects of GTA and SC with driving and stealth. In the game, you're Mark. Mark's wife goes outside their house with son intact and out of nowhere some Landan (which is how it's pronounced in Cockney rhyming-slang) gang try to kidnap the kid. Wife interferes - gets shot). Mark hears the shot and out he goes. The kid's kidnapped and the cars burning off. He stupidly handles the gun used to shoot his wife and hence he is the number one suspect and accused of kidnapping his own kid. Mark tends to his wife, and then jumps in a car and the chace begins. The whole game then revolves around you getting your kid back by working for this gang and doing everything they tell you. The cars actually control quite nice. Framerate's pretty good, but studders in spots. It runs 60fps mostly but dips to 30fps on occasion. Especially when there's too much on screen/or you crash into someone and multiple cars catch fire. The streets are much more populated than the barren streets of GTA Vice for instance, there is alot of traffic, just as there always is in London. There's also a nice little touch where your indicators blink when you need to turn (in relation to your mission) and both flash when you've got to your destination. The city is also rendered very well. If you live in London, you'd be amazed that a game could be designed so cloesly to it's real life structure. The cars are modeled extremely well, with enviroment mapping and impressive physics. All the cars are licensed from real manufactures, unlike GTA. Draw distance is also quite good. In comparison to GTA3/Vice, the Getaway looks ten times better, it really does. Controlling Mark on foot is gonna be where the game gets its criticism by some. Aiming is a bit ropey, along with controlling the camera. Control of Mark on foot is akward at first, but get's a bit easier as you play. For example, the shooting sections of the game, I discovered I'd been using the wrong button to enter shooting mode - I'd been using manual aim rather than auto-aim. With that minor correction, I was silently flitting through the warehouse MGS style, popping up over benches with a shotgun, or firing two guns round doorways. You can only carry one [set of] weapons, and walking over another one will automatically result in Mark picking it up. Whether or not you intented for him to is another matter. Though it must be said there is a nice variety of weapons in the game. The basics of what Mark can do is back up to a wall (peer around). You can point your gun around the corner and take random blasts in hope of hitting someone with the benefit of them not being able to hit you. This usually leads to mass ammo being wasted. You can crouch under small walls (waist height) and strafe around them. Also a nice little tactic is to line yourself up with someone behind the wall and press shoot to point your gun over and fire off a few rounds. Like GTA, you can take any car you want, stealing or otherwise. You can also hold people hostage at gunpoint, if the cops get too close for your liking. Also, you get to play as two different characters in the game, one is Mark, I'll keep the other as a secret. The AI is standard stuff. The cops (when in a vehicle) are lethal in trying to run you off the road when you're wanted, and makes for some pretty exiting police chases, espescially in the crowded London streets. The vehicles do take damage so if you bang up your ride too much, you'll need to ditch it and steal another one. All in all, the missions are fun and are quite varied. They take place both outdoors and indoors. You're probably asking if there is a non linear free rome mode, ala GTA, and the answer is yes, and it's a blast to play. It will definitely take you awhile to completely finish the game, and offers fairly good replay value. The cinematics/voice acting is superb. Some real nice cinematics, and some of the dialogue is L-O-L funny. Some nice product placement going on. Cans of Stella, XXXX, Sony mobile phones and most high-street stores (Burger King, McDonalds, Odeon Cinemas, etc, etc). These is some adult words used here as well, actually alot. All in all, Sony delivered on a very ambitious game and I am quite plesaed with the results. I'd give the game a 9/10 score overall and definitely recommend fans of the genre to pick this game up when it hits the States.     