 Purchased a PS2 a little over a year ago for the family and I, and it is without a doubt, a lovely little system. It's really a system that both young and old can enjoy, there's really something for everybody. My two kids love it, it has many games that are geared toward their age group (7 & 14 years old) and it also has older oriented games that I often enjoy and even my wife enjoys on occasion. An endless selection of software to choose from in every genre, such as platformers, RPG's, Racers, Shooters, Puzzles, Fighters, Sports, etc.. Just to name off some software we've enjoyed on the system, includes Gran Turismo 3, Final Fantasy 10, Metalgear Solid 2, Jak and Daxter, Ico, Hot Shot's Golf 3, Kingdom Hearts, Tekken tag, Sly Cooper, Need for Speed, Ratchet and Clank, Contra SS, Suikoden III, Madden 2003(online as well), SOCOM(also online) Tony Hawk 4(online) Grand Theft Auto Vice(do not let young ones play this one) Medal of Honor, NBA Street and many others. The graphics and sound in many of these games are quite stunning, amazing what technology can do these days. Some games even have 5.1 and DTS as well as Pro-Logic 2 support, making these game sound stunning on a good setup. Another clever thing it does is play DVD movies as well as music CD's. It plays movies right out of the package, no need for any perphrials. Unless you want to buy the Sony remote seperately for a few bucks more. Connected via component, PS2 outputs a beautiful picture, suprising considering the relatively low price. The console has an optical out for all your 5.1, 6.1, and DTS needs, and like the picture quality, everything sounds superb. So far out of maybe 100 DVD movies I've watched on the system to date, I had maybe 1 or 2 skip in a certain chapter, so it seems to handle most movies well most of the time. And I've seen one or two reveiws posted here that machine makes noise, but it must be special to them since I and some of the people whom I know that own the system do not have that problem, just thought I'd mention that... What else is clever is that the system also plays all of the original Playstation games as well. It's compatible with all PSX/PS1 games so if you still have your selection of PSX games sitting around and want to enjoy those from time to time, the PS2 plays all of those and also enhances PSX titles graphics by smoothing out the image. There is also an option to speed up load times for PSX games but I'm not privy to what a difference this really makes. The control pad is also nice. It fits very comfortably into young hands, as well as adults. It's not too small but not oversized either so it works well. The buttons I've noticed are pressure sensitive as well. For instance, if playing a racer, if you pres the button slightly, the car will move slow, but press it hard and the car will burn rubber. Thought that was a nice touch. But whats better, and didn't know until my son informed me, is that the console also has USB ports to connect accessories such as modems, printers, scanners and even a steering wheel that's compatible with  almost all the racing games available for the machine. It'also has an i.LINK input but haven't used this feature as of yet. As for memory cards, it has to slots that hold 8mb each, whch is quite a bit for game saves. You can also use your memory card save and bring it to a fiends house and use it in their machine, something my older son often does.  For online play, the console currently has a network adaptor available to play games online, sold seperately, so if online gaming is your thing, then you'll be happy with this feature. You connect the modem back of the system, and the adaptor includes both a 56k and Cable input. my son convinced me in buying the adaptor and we're enjoying alot actually. I was suprised to see that playing games online for PS2 is free, for some reason I figured there would be a monthly fee or something but there is not. Overall, this is the system to own in my view. I've been doing some research on the other consoles online and at few local stores but the software available as compared to PS2 is simply miniscule. I would suppose they're good systems to own but they simply lack the software to appeal to all audiences whch is clear when observing it's software selection online or in the store. There isn't much I can gripe about, it has great games for all age groups, plays DVD movies better than average, comfortable gamepad, online play option, and quality built. Me recommendation is do your research as I did for what game console is right for you and your family as I did, but as I found out, PS2 is the smartest investment. It has something for everyone.     