 This console is pretty good. It has a decent selection of games but most of them lean toward younger children, that is the way Nintedo has always been and will always be, but that's great for the kids. They often have 3rd party's censor their games to not include themes that may be to mature for the younger audience. This is a great move to protect children, but if you're older, it does get annoying. If you're a bit older, and looking for some mature games that aren't geared torward the pre-10-12 year old crowd, the system has a few but very little in that category, maybe a handful or more. GC lacks heavy 3rd party support and the little it does have, make a few mature titles but are usually quick cash ins with little substance, such as Capcom's recent announcements. But there are a couple good ones to be found, just very miniscule compared to the other consoles on the market. The system itself is very small, and that's great for fitting it in tight spaces. Very durable as well. The system doesn't play DVD movies or music CD's though, just a special mini disc that play the games for the system. And because the disc are smaller, it has less storage space, so some GC games often include less content that the versions of the same game on other consoles. If you want a great game console that plays games, DVD's and CD's, then this isn't what you're looking for, you'd be better with a PS 2 in that case. The gamepad is great though. Very comfortable but the button layout is a bit akward for certain games, but overall it's good. It also has 4 gamepad ports so 4 player games are definitely fun. But it does not include a modem, harddrive and the memory cards have very little save space that get filled up quickley with certain games, so expect to buy many memory cards down the road.  The graphics and sound are also impressive, and most games have very fast load times. The system does not have an optical(toslink) output like the PS 2 does, but it is capable of prologicII whch sounds great, although not quite as nice as DTS/5.1. Overall, a nice system, but limited in terms of features such as DVD, CD, and 5.1 playback and also very limited in variety of games, and mostly geared toward children. It also does not have an online structure, so you will not be playing games online for quite awhile if at all. But it is perfect for a child that just wants a bare bones console that has some excellent and fun games for their age.     