 Well so far the network adaptor is a great investment. I've already been playing Madden, THPS4 and SOCOM online for about a month and everything has worked practically flawlessly. There have been some server issues with SOCOM(great game btw) initially, but they have since been ironed out for the most part. With Madden, I've tested both BB and 56k(my cousin has 56k only)and BB seems to be lag free for the most part in my area, but 56k chugged a bit in Madden at my cousin's house using his network adaptor, but remained playable. THPS4 was smooth throughout. Setting up the Adaptor itself was pretty easy...probably took me no more than 5 minutes to install it and get up and running online. I'm sure it won't be that easy for everyone out there, but it was for me. The step by step interface was quite clean and easy to navigate and pretty helpful. There is also a little video to help you in case you're having difficulty. You'll also need just 137kb of free space on your memory card to save all your network settings. You also get a coupon to receive Twisted Metal Black: Online for FREE. All in all, I'm quite happy with my experience so far. The adaptor was easy to setup, you get a free game and comes with two playable demos, Madden2003 online and Frequency online and also a few video only demos of THPS4, Automodelista and a couple others. And all these games are free to play online. No subscription fee's or the like, whch is the best part about it. The most fun games online for PS 2 are, SOCOM, Tony Hawk Pro Skater 4, Madden 2003, NFL2k3, NBA2k3, Tribes, ATV Offroad Fury 2, Twisted Metal Black, Frequency. Also, some upcoming online games include GT4, Final FantasyXI, Automodellista, HSG online, ResidentEvil Online, WSB2k3, ASB2003, and V&B to name a few. Anyway, if you can find one, I recommend picking one up, espscially broadband users. PS: You might see something that looks like an orange spark in the front of the console near the vents when putting on the console. Don't worry, that is just an Orange LED that lights up when the adaptor is accessed. I never knew there was an orange LED in the front, so I was taken a back at first)     