 There are many enhancements over GTA3. Here is what is confirmed so far: 9 hours of music (GTA3 was 3.5 hours) - The music is licensed,  90 songs. 10 radio stations, including authentic period slang for the DJ's and Callers  very small examples of confirmed tracks include:  "You've got another thing coming" by Judas Priest  "The Message" by Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five  "Self Control" by Laura Branigan  "Summer Madness" by Kool and the Gang  "I Ran" by Flock of Seagulls  "Out of Touch" by Hall and Oates  "I just died in your arms" by Cutting Crew  Main character speaks,  by voice of Ray Liotta (from the legendary movie goodfellas)  Over 8000 voice overs (2000 for GTA3)  Double the size (city size wise) then GTA3's city  Also, there will be Interior action Multi Tiered enviorments (Casino, Discos, Hotels)  -AI is dramaticlly improved  -a new routing system for pedestrians including a ton of more variety and actions.  -Gangs are now inteligent, and now steal cars and get into chases with police among other new actions.  -New Renderware Engine with modifactions, Texture Streaming, Framerate IMPROVED. Special lighting work  -New auto-targeting system  40 weapons, (GTA3 had 15)  Use of cover from objects in rooms and on street.. also pedestrians  Camera is locked behind the user when in targeting mode. New targeting system to make finding and shooting enemies even easier. It will highlight targets based on "priority and not on proximity". The new system also includes a new crosshair system that shows you both the exact target and the bullet spray radius. The crosshair will also change color to indicate the enemies threat level  New maneuvers like crouching will help you make use of cover.  Work has been made to avoid motion sickness from the rabid camera.  Missions are greatly varied  Many extra side missions, including Pizza Delivery  120 Cars (50 in GTA3)  Motorcycles confirmed  Jetskis, boats  More reflective surfaces on vehicles. Real time shadowing from passing scenery. Tires can blow or be shot out, effects physics  Over 100 missions and will include more complex missions that include a greater variety of objectives. These new missions will ask more of you by melding vehicle, outdoor and indoor combat all into one mission.  Can fly helicpters, land on buildings  Many new side missions like Pizza delivery man, etc...     