 Well I finally had a chance to have some good playtime with Madden 2003. The thing I immediatly noticed once I got into my game is that the stadiums are much improved in this years game.  The crowd stands up during the intros and during dramatic times during the game- Everything feels more alive on the whole.  The player introductions are awesome...You just gotta see them.  (The home team's defense will get in a little huddle and the team leader will pump them up.) And thankfully the load imes have been reduced alot thanks to it being on DVD rather than CD as it has in the past, so thats good news.   Visually, the player models this year seem even skinnier than last year.  In fact, from what I've seen so far I think I like the "thicker" player models from 2002 better.  However, you'll notice right off the bat that some of the player faces look fantastic.  McNabb, for instance, looks eerily similar to his real life counterpart but some are also dull.  Presentation is cool too.  The same color schemes are their but everything looks neat and there's a screen on the front.  Like a small screen that game clips which looks really cool and better than a guy doing animations to nothing.  And as I mentioned earlier, there's the pre-game which looks really cool.  Overall there's just better screens here and there, the crowd looks great and seeing Urlacher pumped up and jumping in a circle as the whole team surrounds him and gets pumped is fun to see.      Gameplay-wise, the game is a notch slower than NCAA Football 2003.  The momentum of running I liked a lot more.  The fall on your back is gone I think and I saw A-train really working for yards.  Like when I got gang tackled a real smooth animation of him lunging forward came up.  Gang tackles work great too and make it so if you got 2 guys there you won't have one tackle and one slide off and the runner breaks the one guy and escapes 2 tackles when he really should be down.  Also, fumbles can be caused by the ground and you can challenge that and you'll see how it gets knocked out of their hands.  Then there's the special moves.  Power running is back.  You have momentum you could run through a smaller guy and if you have some space between you and a tackler beside you, you can throw out a stiff arm and he'll crumble.      The passing game feels like last years except, now, ...  it isnt exactly the same.  I played a lot of 2002 and know the feel exactly and everything seems smoother now with 2003.  Also, in Madden 2002, you could drop back 10 yards and find the open reciever.  2003 really rewards you for stepping up in the pocket and making the accurate throw.  Dropping back too far causes you to float the ball too much to your reciever, giving the DB time to step up and swat it down, or pick it off.  You have to be start about passing.  If you step up in the pocket and make a well timed throw, you'll be a lot more successful, and won't be turning the ball over nearly as much.  These DBs are smart...Really smart.  In order for your WR to break free you're going to have to run fake, pump fake, and mix up your passes.  Not only that, but this year's game makes you control your passes a lot more.  If you press too far forward on the analoge stick, you'll lead your reciever way too much and the ball will be overthrown by 5 yards.      You catch and get hit it doesnt feel clunky and akward to where your receiver slows like that.  And when you miss a catch you can't have the ball fly up and connect back to your hands, you get hit hard and go down.  CB's also change it in the closing speed isnt crazy like last time and they'll get burned sometimes and you got the guy open.  Like my guy tried to block the WR but he got by it and was open and caught a TD pass while staying in bounds.  Really seems they try to stay in bounds more too.  I also heard screens are a big part of the game now and work well tho I havent tried them yet.  Meanwhile I have seen guys go out, block and then run a route.  Something new and definetly welcome.  Right away I noticed hom much better it is controling lb's.  Urlacher, Colvin and Holdman are real fun to control too.  But anyway, hit R1 and they face the qb and run diagnol always facing that way, worked great.  As I eluded to earlier, was cb's.  Again, the R1 helped a lot.  There was a short pass by Mcnabb into coverage and I picked up a CB and hit R1 to face forward.  Then with total control I figured where it was and intercepted it.  I also got myself picked off twice.  It just felt perfect.  They dont always get the pick but most of the time they'll make you pay if you throw it by a CB and you can do the same.  Overall, the A.I is improved from last year's version and quite a bit more options.      Options seems great- There's a ton of classic uniforms (they have the powder blue chargers uni!  Whoo!).  The Create-A-Play rocks!!!    I created my custom "Diamond" formation that has 4 wide receivers positioned like this    ----X--------------OO0OOT  ----------------------Q  X------X     ----X    With a TE on the right side of the o-line.  (Just to test it out, I tried putting him on the left side, but alas, the cpu informed that it was an illegal formation ) The ability to "draw" your own WR routes is really cool.  The possibilities of this formation are endless.     Also, I checked out the Football 101 tutorial.  Wow- EA did a great job with this.  I'm a huge football fan and a Madden veteran, but this mode does a great job of explaining the different formations and situations that you will face.  Madden narrates the demo shown of the play you pick, laying out how it should be run.      The mini games are also fun. An hour or so flew by with me just trying to best my previous score (personal favorite= DB swat).  I went in a little skeptical about the fun factor of this mode, but came out pleasantly surprised.  I simmed a season in Franchise mode and had the Eagles vs.  Steelers in the Super Bowl.  Needless to say, Kordell must have been rocked on several occasions as the Eagles won 19-6.  The rookie scouting was surprising as well, and rookie ratings are much more realistic.  The best player in the draft was about a 75 (w/ most players averaging a 60-70).  Doesn't sound like much? Factor in pre-season progression and end-of-year progression and that same player could be about a 80-85 for the start of the second year.  Just like NCAA 2003, defense is much more fun to play.  Pressing R1 on defense will have your defender turn to face the line of scrimmage, so moments where your DB/LB had a ball hit him in the back of the head have been reduced greatly.    Sound.  Big Al might not be perfect, but he's at least alot more enthusiastic than Pat Summerall ever was.  The commentary is pretty good.  It's just nice not to hear Summerall.  It isnt as good as 2k's but it's decent now.  The crowd like said earlier looks lively now and there's a authentic nfl atmosphere.  You really have to hear it.    As for online, well I bought the PS 2 version of Madden 2003 since it is the only version of Madden that's online this year and playing online is a blast. You can also update your rosters online to cover recent trades or rookies. This game is just fantastic all around.  And I didn't even really get into the deep franchise mode yet.  I can see why some people would think it's the same game as last year just from reading previews, but once you sink your teeth into it, you see the little details that make the game what it is- an incredible football simulation and literally the best and deepest version of Madden yet.     