 THIS is what I call a platformer. Picked this game up yesterday, this is what a next generation platformer should play like, it even makes MarioSunshine look weak by comparison in my view. Every level so far has had something completely different. You'll find yourself doing something different all the time.  It's also not a short game, easily more than 20 hours of playtime your first time thru. Every planet I have been to so far has been larger than the one before. They are also getting more difficult in that I am much more likely to get bopped than in the first few levels. It's not too easy, and it's not too hard - just perfect. I'm also very surprised at the quality of the music. I can't remember which, but one of the planets has a techno track playing and there's a guy at one point that's yelling something. I thought it was cool because game music generally doesn't have anyone singing in it (unless it's intro/outro stuff, if your name happens to be GTA3/GTA: VC, or a few other games. Not ot mention the voice acting is superb and the dialogue is hilarious! And unlike SMS, R&C has an intelligent camera, you can control it, however if your jumping off walls to get up on to another area, it inteligently moves to a easily viewable location and does not magically change angles and tick you off as SMS does. Not to mention Ratchet and Clank completly owns MarioSunshine in the respects of  -Graphics -Sound -Animation -Control -Camera -Presentation -Story/Cutscenes So, while mario may have a little bit better overall jumping experience, R and C is an overall much better game. And certainly isn't as 'gimicky' as SMS. I like the direction the R and C is taking the platform genre and am in highhopes for a sequal. It's nice to have so many different varitey in worlds, weapons and objectives. You even get to play as a different character rather than just one all the time. Just surprised ho much more FUN I'm having with R and C compared to when I played Mario. Keep in mind I am Nintendo fan, and I still have a place in my heart for Mario, but Ratchet and Clank has set the bar so high. I still find it strange when I say R and C is better then SMS. But it's the real deal folks. If you enjoy platformers, you NEED to check this one out.     