 This is a smart, well written, and satisfying story with interesting leads, a good romance and a compelling mystery.  Ewan McLean, carefree lover and man-about-town, promises his uncle the earl, on his deathbed, that he will help the family of a man whom the uncle ruined years before. This takes Ewan, now the new earl, to a remote part of Scotland where he learns that the man has died and left behind four daughters.  Ewan and the eldest daughter Bride, a passionate and self-reliant Scottish beauty, are immediately and intensely attracted to one another.  They have several intimate encounters, but Ewan does not allow things to go too far because he feels responsible for Bride - responsibility being a rather new concept for Ewan.  The sisters are barely making ends meet, so Ewan offers to move them to a comfortable home in Glasgow, but they stubbornly refuse.  They insist they can get by on the money they earn from engraving prints from templates, a trade learned from their father.  Ewan nonetheless arranges for generous trusts for the three younger sisters (Bride refuses one for herself), and reluctantly returns to London, afraid that he will compromise Bride if he stays.   Weeks pass and Ewan cannot get Bride out of his mind.  Then suddenly she appears on his doorstep, sisters in tow, having been evicted from their home.  What Ewan does not know is that Bride has another reason for coming to London.  She is trying to find out who stole her late father's templates for forged banknotes, before she and her sisters can be implicated.  What Bride does not know is that Ewan, an expert on engravings, is investigating reports of forged banknotes on behalf of the government. With deception and intrigue swirling around them, can true love prevail for this passionate pair?   This appealing story is well-paced and held my interest from start to finish.  Ewan and Bride are an unusual and refreshing couple, for each has a background that is somewhat imperfect, and yet they are clearly perfect for one another.  Ewan is a collector of erotic art and has a liking for all things sensual; Bride does not reject out of hand his rather unconventional hobby, but instead has a healthy curiosity about it.  Both have great appreciation for the other's qualities, and they truly connect as soul mates on a physical, emotional and intellectual level.  The story has many funny moments as Ewan tries to hide his irregular activities from the prying eyes of Bride's sisters and chaperone, all while they are living under his roof.  The dialogue is thoughtful and intelligent, and the romance sensual and satisfying.  Highly recommended.     