 As someone who has greatly enjoyed the three earlier books in this series, it is very satisfying to see wallflower Penelope Featherington finally get her chance to shine.  Penelope, best friend to Eloise Bridgerton, has been secretly in love with Eloise' brother Colin since she was sixteen.  It is now twelve years later, and Colin has never shown any romantic interest in Penelope and she has never married.  She is considered by her mother and the rest of society as unlikely to ever marry, least of all to someone as desirable as Colin Bridgerton.  Penelope is very reticent when she is in public, although she is forthright, clever and much-loved when she is among friends. Colin is her public opposite, always charming and confident and extremely popular.  He has just returned from yet another trip abroad and appears his usual happy self.   Privately, however, Colin is in a bit of a funk because he feels that his life has no purpose.  During his mother's birthday party, he has a surprisingly fun and thought-provoking encounter with Penelope and begins to see her in a new light.  Perhaps it is that Penelope finally had the courage to reveal a bit more of her wonderful self to Colin.  Colin is definitely intrigued, but does Penelope dare to hope?   I found the pace of this novel a little too easygoing and felt that there were too few love scenes - really only one.  However, the relationship between Penelope and Colin, and their many heartfelt and humorous scenes together, was terrific and more than compensated for it.  Both characters have secrets and parts of themselves that they do not show the outside world but, by accident or design, reveal to one another.  It is without a doubt that this couple is better and stronger together than apart.  I very much enjoyed this story due to the potency of its two likeable leads.  "Romancing Mr. Bridgerton" is positively not a stand-alone novel.  To truly appreciate the remarkable Penelope Featherington, one has to first read the earlier books in this series.  Then you can savor her well-deserved happiness and success.     