 Beset by illness, danger and death, a socially disparate couple finds unexpected love in this sweet and captivating romance.  An easy pace and an abundance of interesting historical details add to the charm of the story, the latest entry in the "Company of Rogues" series.  Rogues' member Simon St. Bride, oldest son of a wealthy aristocratic family, has been in Canada for four years investigating corruption for the British government.  He is about to return home to England with his findings, when he becomes involved in a duel with the very man who is his principal suspect.  The duel is over Simon's suggestion that the man is an embezzler, but it really started when the man questioned the virtue of Jane Otterburn.  Jane is a reserved young woman who recently came from England to live with her Uncle Isaiah following the deaths of her mother and cousin.  Simon also lives with Isaiah, who is his close friend and mentor.  Before the duel is completed, Simon is called away because Isaiah accidentally shot himself and is dying.  He had been preparing his dueling pistol so that he could take Simon's place in defending Jane's honor.    With his dying breath, Isaiah asks Simon to marry Jane because she is now all alone in the world.  Simon agrees, partly out of guilt and partly out of respect, and they are wed immediately.  Simon is soon quite taken with the enigmatic Jane, who is no long so reserved and is at times quite assertive.  What Simon does not know is that Jane is really her cousin Jancy, known as Nan.  Jancy switched identities when her cousin died aboard ship, because she feared being on her own in a new country.  She thought Isaiah might not welcome her, or feel it improper for her to live with him, since she was not a blood relative.  Now Jancy does not know what to do.  She has been secretly in love with Simon for months, but feels like an impostor as well as a social inferior.  Moreover, she is not really Jane's "cousin," but her illegitimate sister.  Her true identity has always been hidden but could surface at any moment, and Simon is a bit of a social snob.  It could ruin their marriage and Simon's reputation, at a time when Simon is planning a political career.  On top of this is an unfinished duel, a hazardous journey to England, danger surrounding Simon's investigation, and unforeseen illness and death.  The newlyweds clearly have their work cut out for them.  This story has the easy, comfortable pace of a Jane Austen book or a British mystery. It is captivating in an often quiet, everyday, slice-of-life way, and there are somber moments along with the hopeful ones.  The Canadian and shipboard scenes contain many interesting historical touches, and the comings and goings of the passengers and crew provide good intrigue.  The story does not hit you over the head with action, but instead relies on the characters' conversations, thoughts and behaviors to charm the reader and move the story along.  The effect is very satisfying.  The romance is sweetly done and seems genuine, but could have been more sensual.  There is a nice secondary performance by Simon's old friend Hal Beaumont.  Hal lost an arm in the war and loves a woman who is far less socially acceptable than Jancy.  This adds much-needed perspective to the problems of the lead couple.  Overall, this is a worthy addition to the Rogues' series, and a good read on its own.     