 This is the second book in the "Lost Princesses" series about three royal sisters who must flee their homeland in the Pyrenees during wartime, and now - ten years later - are still in hiding for fear of assassination by their country's enemies.   This is the story of the youngest princess, 19-year-old Amy, who is currently living with the elderly spinster Miss Victorine on a small English island off the coast of Devon.  The islanders are near starvation because of profound neglect by their wealthy liege lord, Jermyn, Marquess of Northcliff.  Jermyn has been living a life of leisure in London since inheriting the title from his late father thirteen years earlier. He has left the running of his properties to his uncle. Unknown to Jermyn, his uncle has been stealing from him and ignoring his tenants' needs.  Princess Amy decides to take drastic measures and, with the help of several islanders, she drugs and kidnaps Jermyn and imprisons him in Miss Victorine's cellar with his ankle shackled (but otherwise treated and fed very nicely, thank you).  A ransom demand is sent to Jermyn's uncle, but he refuses to pay it because he wants the kidnappers to kill his nephew so that he can inherit. Meanwhile, captor and captive are spending a lot of time in each other's company and, although often sniping and snarling, are starting to look rather longingly at one another. Amy seems to be the only person who has ever spoken honestly with Jermyn, which both infuriates and fascinates him. Because of Amy, Jermyn begins to wonder whether he has neglected his duties.  And Amy begins to wonder whether Jermyn is the devil she first thought, or rather is he her destiny?  I found this book to be a fast and fun read.  I really liked the chemistry between Amy and Jermyn, and his shackled leg definitely added to the humor and sexual tension.  There was also an interesting cast of secondary characters, including Ms. Victorine and Jermyn's valet.  And the heroine did not make herself needlessly difficult, but was refreshingly obliging.  Towards the end, however, the plot became a little weak with respect to the problem of Jermyn's uncle, whose resolution was pat and uninspired.  Although this deflated the story a little at the end, I felt the majority of the story was good, particularly the couple's spirited relationship.     