 Liz Carlyle is a remarkable writer.  Her singular talent is showcased in this emotion-filled finale to the "Sins, Lies and Secrets" trilogy.  Merrick MacLachlan and Lady Madeleine Howard - young and madly in love - are ruthlessly torn apart after only one day of marriage.  They eloped to Scotland because her father, the powerful Earl of Jessup, would never give his consent.  The Earl wants Madeleine to wed a man who will gain him political influence, whereas Merrick is poor and untitled and, though a promising architect, the Earl views him as a nobody.  The morning following their wedding, when Merrick goes out to check on his horses, the Earl arrives and abducts Madeleine from her sleep.  He tells her that Merrick is a fortune hunter who has agreed to annul their marriage in return for 30,000 pounds.  In reality, the Earl and his henchmen viciously attacked Merrick in the stables, then ran him over with a horse and carriage and left him for dead.  Several months pass before the badly broken Merrick recovers enough to pursue his wife, but by then she has married an earl and has moved with him to the continent.  Merrick is left to believe that Madeleine abandoned him for greener pastures.  Thirteen years pass with no contact between them, but neither has ever forgotten or forgiven the other.  Merrick has become a cynical and bitter man for whom work is everything.  Although hugely successful in his business enterprises, his life is joyless.  He has never married, believing himself still bound to Madeleine.  Madeleine has been widowed for four years, following an indifferent marriage.  She has a son, Geoff, who is twelve years old (raising the obvious question of his true paternity).  She has returned to England and has contracted to buy a new home in a London suburb, not realizing that Merrick's company is the builder.  They meet accidentally one day at the building sight, and soon all hell breaks lose with their lives and emotions, as years of pent up anger and frustration - as well as longing - come rushing to the fore.   This emotionally charged story grabs the reader from the very first page and never lets go.  Every thought and word and deed of the characters only further draws one in.  The depth of the couple's loss, and the weight of their memories, skillfully sets the stage for their passionate reunion.  The chemistry and sexual tension between Merrick and Madeleine is tangible.  They clearly care more for each other than they are willing to admit, even to themselves.  The author makes fine use in vital roles of characters from her previous novels.  These include Helene from "Beauty Like the Night" and Alasdair and Quin from the two previous books in this series.  Geoff is also a delight - intelligent and thoughtful the way adolescents so often are - with an intriguing touch of the mystical.  This book completes one of the best romance series I have read.  It is passionate, well-written and very satisfying.  Highly recommended.     