 I'm always a pushover for a good Cinderella story, and this one is in a class by itself.  Sophie and Benedict captured my heart from the first pages of this totally compelling read. Sophie Beckett is the illegitimate daughter of the late Earl of Penwood, who raised her as his ward.  Since the Earl's untimely death six years earlier, when she was fourteen, Sophie has been reduced to working as an unpaid lady's maid in the household of the Earl's vile widow, Lady Penwood.  She hates Sophie and has not told her that the Earl provided her with a dowry, so Sophie assumes that she is penniless.  One night Sophie sneaks in, Cinderella-style, to a masquerade ball in London and meets Benedict Bridgerton.  It is love at first sight for the magical couple, although Benedict cannot fully see Sophie's face behind her demi-mask. Sophie must abruptly depart at midnight before Benedict is able to learn of her identity. The next day, the spiteful and jealous Lady Penwood learns of Sophie's adventure and throws her out of the house.  Sophie must sustain herself and eventually finds employment in the countryside as an upstairs maid.  Despite exhaustive efforts, Benedict is unable to uncover Sophie's name or whereabouts, and it is as if she has disappeared into thin air.  Both characters spend the next two years pining over the loss of their soul mate, for that is how they view each other, even after so short an acquaintance.  Then a chance meeting brings them together, but Benedict does not recognize the much-changed Sophie and she does not tell him. The attraction between them is again immediate, but there appear to be insurmountable obstacles in the way of any lasting happiness. Sophie is too far beneath Benedict socially for him ever to consider marriage with her, and as the child of an illegitimate union, Sophie has no desire to be anyone's mistress. Yet they clearly love one another. And so begins an emotional journey of longing and discovery that will draw you into its path and wring out plenty of tears - both in joy and sorrow- along the way.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  Sophie and Benedict's story and relationship and love scenes are what romance is all about.  "An Offer From a Gentleman" has the added appeal of the always-endearing Bridgerton family, with an indispensable performance in this instance by Benedict's mother, Violet.  This book is a satisfying read and is definitely one to keep and read again.     