 Liz Carlyle is one of my favorite authors and I have read and enjoyed all of her books.  This book is very good as well. It is the story of Sir Alasdair MacLachlan, a charming rogue with a history of one-night stands and casual affairs. One day, a two-year old named Sorcha appears at his London townhouse.  She apparently is his daughter, conceived with a Scottish noblewoman who recently died and whose husband has rejected the child. Alasdair has no recollection of having met the mother, but Sorcha looks like him, and he was in Scotland at the right time, so the event seems plausible. Along with Sorcha comes her beautiful and spirited 22-year old half-sister, Esmee. Alasdair accepts Sorcha into his household, but realizes that he has no experience in dealing with a child.  He convinces Esmee to stay and help him for a while as Sorcha's governess.  Soon both sisters are firmly established in Alasdair's bachelor residence, in his life and, of course, in his heart.  Unfortunately, before Alasdair can formally declare for Esmee, her very proper aunt returns from abroad.  She quickly whisks Esmee away to find a more worthy and respectable suitor.  Alasdair does not try to stop Esmee, because he thinks she deserves someone better than him.  Esmee is wounded by the rejection and wonders how she could have been so wrong about him.  And Alasdair wonders if he has made a terrible mistake...  This story is well written and very moving.  The couple were clearly drawn to each from their first meeting, and their forced separation really tugs at the heartstrings.  One feels Alisdair's agony as he watches Esmee with other men, and shares Esmee's hurt and frustration as she yearns for him to declare his love.  So too, the jaded Alasdair's growing relationship with Sorcha made for many touching scenes.  I also enjoyed the story's subtle humor, which this author does so well, but perhaps would have liked another love scene.   All in all, I found this story a pleasure to read and strongly recommend it.  This book is the first in the "Sins, Lies and Secrets" trilogy, involving men who must face up to mistakes in their respective pasts.  The leads in the other two are introduced nicely here and I look forward to reading their stories.     