 This is a reissue of a book originally published in 1991. I mention this because the style of the book seems a bit tamer than some of the historical romances being written today.  It is a good story that is gently persuasive but seems to lack a certain pizzazz or intensity that would make it a great story.  The heroine, Fleur Hamilton Bradshaw, flees to London after accidentally killing her cousin Matthew's valet.  The valet had been attempting to restrain her so that Matthew, her guardian, could rape her. Weeks pass, Fleur has no money and has not eaten for days, but she does not ask for help because she is afraid of being found by Matthew and tried for murder. Finally, she decides that rather than starve to death, she will prostitute herself.  She reluctantly has sex in a hotel room with Adam Kent, Duke of Ridgeway, and the experience is a disaster for them both.  He is angry, detached, and a little rough and Fleur finds it extremely painful and horrifying, though she remains stoic throughout.  Afterwards, Adam feels badly for her and also guilty because she was clearly a virgin and well-bred.  Before Fleur leaves, he feeds her and pays her triple what she asks.   Still, he cannot get Fleur off of his mind and eventually discovers her whereabouts and arranges for her to be his daughter's governess on his country estate. It is several weeks before the duke shows up at the estate, and then Fleur's peaceful existence is shattered when she discovers that the nameless man of her nightmares, her only customer in her brief life as a prostitute, is none other than her employer, the Duke of Ridgeway.  Complicating matters is that Adam is a married man, albeit a very unhappy one, and Fleur fears that the reason he has hired her is that he wants to make her his mistress.  I quickly became caught up in this story and wanted to see how the relationship between Adam and Fleur played out.  Unfortunately, Fleur seemed to take forever to stop fearing Adam and to appreciate him and all that he was doing for her.  Her attitude was at times quite irritating. Their relationship, as well as the entire tone of the novel, was a bit too somber and slow for me.  However, the story did keep me engaged throughout and I really liked and sympathized with Adam's character.  Ms. Balogh always does a good job of getting this reader emotionally involved in her stories, and this was no exception.  So although this was not an earth-shattering read, on balance it was a pleasurable one.     