 Ms. Jeffries saved the best for last in this final installment of the Royal Brotherhood series.  It is definitely a page-turner, with a wonderful hero and heroine and a very compelling storyline.   The story's hero is Gavin Byrne, bastard son of the Prince of Wales ("Prinny").  For his entire life, Gavin has hated his father, whom he has never met.  The prince publicly denied his paternity and reneged on a promised annuity to Gavin's mother, forcing them to live in poverty until his mother's death when he was twelve.  Gavin survived by sheer determination and ruthlessness and now, in his thirties, he is the wealthy, if somewhat aloof, owner of a very successful gentleman's club.  He has had many mistresses and is considered an expert lover.  However, they have always been married women and always kept at a safe emotional distance, because Gavin has no interest in a permanent relationship.  In fact, if any of his mistresses say they love him, he ends the affair immediately.  Into his solitary, cynical and somewhat shallow life walks a breath of fresh air in the form of the intrepid and adorable Christabel, the widowed Lady Haversham.   Christabel has been sent to Gavin by Prinny to help her recover a secret item that her late husband sold to Lord Stokely in order to pay off a gambling debt.  In return for recovering the item, Prinny will make Gavin a baron and finally grant him an audience.  Gavin is to attend an exclusive card competition at Stokely's estate, and Christabel wants to attend also to try and locate the mysterious item.  The only way Gavin can procure an invitation for Christabel is to pretend that she is his mistress.  To be convincing in the role, she needs much different attire than her black widow's weeds, but unfortunately she was left very little money by her late husband.  Naturally, Gavin charges to the rescue with a lavish new wardrobe, and soon the pretty but provincial Christabel is transformed into a sophisticated beauty.  Christabel views Gavin as a bit of a scoundrel because of his reputation for gambling and womanizing.  Nevertheless, she finds him fascinating and is not impervious to his charm, wit and generosity.  Even more tempting, in light of her unfulfilled marriage, are Gavin's seductive caresses and his undisguised yearning for her.  Is it only a matter of time before the pretense becomes a reality, and is a passing affair what Gavin really wants from the delightful, tenderhearted Christabel?  I loved this couple and their amusing banter and flirting, all the while denying the strength of their feelings.  Gavin is ridiculously territorial about his "supposed" paramour, and Christabel has overwhelming pangs of jealousy whenever she his around his former lady loves.  Of course we know where this story is going, but it's so much fun getting there.  The dynamic couple is immensely appealing, and I found myself so often smiling as I was reading.  Gavin milks the mistress angle for all it's worth, taking excessive liberties with her, but Christabel is a good sport and refuses to be flustered.  Their romance is sweet and tender and well-written, with very moving dialogue.  Highly recommended.     