 Drayton Mackenzie recently became the new Duke of Ryland following the unexpected deaths of two distant cousins.  In order to collect a substantial monetary inheritance, which he desperately needs to maintain and repair the estates that come with the title, he needs to fulfill a very unusual clause in the will.  He must find and become guardian for the three illegitimate daughters of the former Duke, and then turn them into proper ladies.  He gets a portion of his inheritance upon the suitable marriage of each.  The oldest daughter, Caroline, is twenty-three and the owner of a dressmaking shop.  She is beautiful and strong-willed, and at first she resists going with Drayton because of his arrogance and her ill feelings toward her late father.  Drayton becomes much more human as they travel to collect her two impoverished younger half-sisters, who are eleven and fourteen.  Before long - and I mean less than twenty-four hours - the cozy couple has warmed to one another and wind up sharing a passionate night at a roadside inn.  Drayton gallantly proposes the next day, but Caroline declines, insisting that it will be more practical for them to find wealthy spouses who can supplement their inheritance.   As they arrive at Drayton's dilapidated country estate, he wonders why he isn't happier about being let off the hook by Caroline.  He resolves then and there to pursue her, unclear what that means or how it all will end.   This is my first novel by Leslie LaFoy, although I greatly enjoyed her novella in the "My Scandalous Bride" anthology.  I therefore had high expectations for this book, but am rather disappointed.  I like the general premise of rescuing the illegitimate daughters, and the two younger girls are delightful and add much to the story.  I also like how Caroline uses her seamstress skills to make so many wonderful changes to the house.  And Drayton has many appealing qualities.  However, the romance part of storyline is very unsatisfactory, and the love scenes are too raw, and lack charm and tenderness.  I am fine with the love/lust at first sight scenario, but where the story takes us from here is not logical.  Caroline's refusal to consider marriage to Drayton, and his feeble acceptance of it, are annoying and inexplicable.  Neither lead is a mercenary type, so it is confounding that they would go after a bit more money rather than marry each other when there is such an amazing attraction between them.  This would also enable Caroline to remain with her sisters.  Moreover, Caroline's behavior does not seem like that of a nineteenth century heroine.  She is very sexually forward and her vocabulary seems very modern, at times even a bit crude.    So although there are a number of good story elements here, and the ending is fine, they are overshadowed by some less pleasing facets.  I will probable read the next book in the series, because Caroline's sisters seem interesting, but I will hope for a better follow-through.     