 As he lay dying, the heir-less Earl of Rochester arranged for his two bastard sons, now in their thirties, to be made legitimate by fabricating evidence of his marriage to their late mother.  The eldest son, Tristan Llevanth, formerly a pirate and a British war hero, has now inherited the title - but little else.  In order to inherit the fortune left by the Earl, Tristan must prove to his father's trustees that he is a gentleman and worthy of the Rochester name.  If he fails, then his younger twin brother, Christian - whom he has not heard from since they were ten-years-old - will get all the money, assuming that he meets with the trustees' approval.  Tristan no longer sails due to a battle injury to his leg, but his cottage is filled to the brim with former crewmen.  He is in essence running a home for wounded sailors, but he is rapidly running out of funds, so the Earl's inheritance is a necessity.  Since Tristan is a little rough around the edges, and the trustee's evaluation is one month hence, he arranges for his pretty new neighbor, the widow Prudence Thistlewaite, to tutor him in comportment.  The roving Tristan has up until now led an unfettered bachelor's life, free of any romantic commitment, so he is surprised at how much he enjoys spending time with the fetching widow.  Before long he is quite attached to Prudence, as are his staff and crew.  The problem is that Prudence is detested by several of the trustees, who lost a great deal of money investing with her late husband.  If Tristan shows any attachment to her, the trustees will surely deny him their approval. But if he hides her from the trustees, it will look like he is ashamed of her, which will surely not win him her love.  This book is light-hearted and has a pleasant cast of characters, including the butler Reeves, the first-mate Stevens, and Prudence's mother, all of whom are committed matchmakers for Prudence and Tristan.  The concept of Tristan's continuing to care for his men, even on land, is a very sweet one.  The book does not have a strong romantic feel, however, and the style of prose is a little less fluid than I prefer.  Prudence and Tristan are a cute couple, though, and his brother Christian has lots of charisma, which bodes well for the next novel in the series.     