 This is the first book in the "Royal Brotherhood" series about three half-brothers who are the bastard sons of the Prince of Whales.  This story is about Alec Black, Earl of Iversley.  He was claimed as the legitimate son of the previous earl, but was despised by him for not being his true offspring.  Before his death, the earl depleted the ancestral estate in order to spite his so-called son.  Alec has now inherited the title and  must immediately find a wealthy bride in order to save the estate and its tenants.  To create the image that he is financially secure, Alec borrows a carriage, a tailor and other necessary items from his secret half-brothers.  One of them, Byrne, suggests that Alec pursue Kat Merivale.  Kat appears to be of modest means but, unknown to virtually anyone, will inherit a fortune from her deceased grandfather when she marries.  Byrne knows this because Kat's late spendthrift father owed him a large sum, which he is due to collect upon Kat's marriage. Kat does not make her inheritance public because she detests fortune hunters.  Kat has been unofficially engaged to her good friend, the wealthy Lord Sydney, for many years, but the reserved Lord Sydney keeps putting off their marriage and refuses to so much as kiss her.  In steps Alec with his charm and wit and physicality - he's certainly not afraid to kiss Kat and to try for much more - and soon she is hardly thinking of Lord Sydney.  She is no gullible miss, however, and remains suspicious of Alec's aggressive pursuit.  After all, he is titled and very handsome, while she is seemingly poor and of average beauty.  Alec does not tell Kat of his financial motivation because he is afraid of being rejected as a fortune hunter.  The deception is not easy to maintain, however.  It leads to all sorts of misery and misunderstandings, as Alec struggles to win the women whom, of course, he loves far more than her fortune.  This story is a well-done and refreshingly straightforward romance, with an unconventional and thinking heroine and a dashing and sympathetic hero.  The book is very quick to get through, with no annoying plot contrivances.  There are a lot of humorous elements, such as the droll quotations from "A Rake's Rhetorick (Memoir)" preceding each chapter, and Kat's misguided use of it as her bible on what to avoid when courting.  In fact, the amusing and anguished thoughts of Kat and Alec and Lord Sydney are what drive the story and make it so enjoyable.  Alec's half-brothers are intriguing, also, and I look forward to reading the next books in the series.     