 This is the second in the Essex sisters series about four beautiful orphaned young women who are sent to England and placed under the guardianship of Rafe Jourdain, the Duke of Holbrook, after the untimely death of their father, a Scottish viscount. Each sister was left a prize racehorse as her only dowry.  This book focuses the second sister, Annabel.  She is determined to marry a wealthy and titled Englishman, stemming from her impoverished upbringing in Scotland where her reckless father spent all the family's money on horse breeding and racing.  She is just at the point of being proposed to by a wealthy but stuffy English lord when Ewan Poley, the very manly Scottish Earl of Ardmore, shows up in London in search of a bride.  They are instantly drawn to one another, and Ewan proposes immediately, but Annabel turns him down.  She explains that she simply cannot live in Scotland, which holds too many bad memories for her, and that she will marry only a titled Englishman.  Annabel neglects to tell Ewan that the main reason she will not marry him is that he is poor.  Soon after, however, Annabel and Ewan's lives take an unexpected turn.  As the result of a misunderstanding involving her troublesome younger sister Imogen, Annabel is put in a compromising position with Ewan.  She must face the prospect of either public disgrace, or of marrying Ewan and giving up her dream of a comfortable life in England.  I enjoyed this story and the humor and drama involving the supporting cast, including Annabel's two younger sisters.  Ewan and Annabel's road trip was fun and romantic, and had a nice buildup of sexual tension.  Ewan was at times a little clueless, but this did not make him any less charming.  However, Annabel's completely unjustified assumption about Ewan towards the end was very annoying.  It detracted from the romance and made Annabel's character less attractive. Although the book had a nice ending, it might have been so much better without this unnecessary obstacle.  I liked the book's assortment of interesting characters well enough to read the next installments, and will hope for a satisfying road to wedded bliss for Imogen and Josie.     