 This third entry in the Royal Four series, about four powerful secret lifetime advisors to the king, focuses on the one code-named the "Fox."  The previous Fox, the elderly Lord Barrowby, has just died, seemingly without having trained a successor.  The other three rush to his country estate, where they are surprised to learn that Lord Barrowby trained his beautiful young widow, Julia, to succeed him as the Fox.  She informs them that she has, in fact, been performing that role for the past three years while Lord Barrowby was incapacitated.  The three men are taken aback by the idea of a woman in their group, and besides they do not trust Julia, so they ask for a few weeks to consider the matter, promising to return.  They head straight to Marcus Ramsay, Lord Dryden, who is apprenticing to a youthful member of the Four, so he has a long wait.  They tell the ambitious Marcus that he can instead take over the Fox's spot, if he can find some way to discredit Julia or prove her ineligible for the post.  Marcus arrives at Barrowby under an assumed name, pretending to be a suitor looking for a wealthy bride.  There is already a healthy competition underway for Julia's hand.  Julia believes that, as the all-powerful Fox, she would do best to find a weak and compliant husband, so she does not at first view the virile and opinionated Marcus as marriage material.  However, as time passes and she sees and experiences more of him - he even invades her dreams - the sexually starved Julia, who had an almost platonic relationship with her late husband, begins to reconsider her criteria in a mate.  Also, someone has begun to ruthlessly sabotage her estate, putting lives at risk.  This brings into stark relief Julia's need for a strong man like Marcus whom she can confide in.  Marcus, who set out to gain her confidence in order to destroy her, is now within sight of achieving his goal, but he has grown quite attached to Julia.  Will he obliterate his competition, or will he surrender to her?  This story is a little slow to get going, with humorous elements such as the privy calamity tending to overwhelm the first half of the story.  The action picks up in the second half when Marcus becomes conflicted about his objectives.  It is nice to see the fiercely competitive, cocksure, and somewhat chauvinistic Marcus humbled by kind-hearted and capable Julia.  The love scenes could use more warmth, though, and seem mostly physical, without a strong emotional connection.  Also, the inclusion of so many passages from Julia's diary is a little distracting.  However, Julia is an appealing and sympathetic heroine who shows admirable strength in adversity, and I enjoyed her and Marcus' funny asides.  The conclusion was exciting and gratifying.     