 Against the volatile backdrop of a somewhat jaded London gambling club, Lisa Kleypas has created a vibrant, compelling and very satisfying love story in this third installment in the "Wallflower" series.  Shy, stuttering and insecure Evie Jenner is desperate to marry in order to escape her life of virtual imprisonment with her late mother's abusive relatives.  She is frantic to be with her dying father Ivo, the wealthy owner of a popular London gambling club, who is near death from consumption.  Her hateful relatives will not permit her to visit Ivo, whom they view as beneath them.  They are now trying to force Evie to marry her grotesque cousin, so that they may gain control over the fortune she will inherit when Ivo dies.  Evie manages to sneak away, and goes to the home of the dazzling but dissolute Sebastian, Lord St. Vincent.  Evie knows that the womanizing Sebastian has run out of money, and for mercenary reasons may be willing to marry her, although he would never have looked at her under other circumstances.  What Evie does not realize is that Sebastian is taking a very good look at her now, and he definitely likes what he sees - intelligence, toughness, and acute desirability.  Evie finds the courage to propose, Sebastian indeed accepts, and before long they are wed in a quick ceremony in Scotland.  However, Evie insists that once the marriage is consummated, they no longer share a bed.  She believes that Sebastian is incapable of fidelity, and she does not want to get hurt.  Although Sebastian agrees, he does not mean it.  He is determined to prove himself and to win her over.  Evie does not realize how much she has underestimated her new husband, and not just in his loyalty to their marriage.  As they return to London and the precarious state of affairs at her father's club, Sebastian is faced with an onslaught of demands, challenges and crucial business decisions.  He surprises Evie - and himself - at every turn, as the formerly indolent and selfish Sebastian is at last given the chance to prove his worth.   What a wonderful read!  Sebastian is a deliciously splendid hero - intense and passionate with a delightfully dry wit.  And underneath his arrogant and uncaring exterior, he of course has an innate decency and kindness that is lovingly revealed as the story unfolds.  Evie is equally appealing, as this shyest of all the wallflowers finally comes into her own, with a growing confidence and quiet strength that fascinate her increasingly smitten husband.  There is an undeniable attraction between this couple from their very first moments together, two lost souls perhaps sensing a kindred spirit.  The wedding scene is wonderfully written, with both parties clearly wanting more than a sterile marriage, but afraid to admit it even to themselves.  The role played throughout the story by Evie's gold wedding band is pure genius, and creates some of the book's most memorable and tender moments.  Kudos to the sterling supporting cast, including the inimitable Lord Westcliff from "It Happened One Autumn," and the enigmatic half-gypsy Cam Rohan, who will hopefully someday get his own Kleypas story.  This book is smartly written and very satisfying and I highly recommend it.     