 An exciting start, likeable leads, and lots of fascinating historical details quickly involved me in this adventure-filled romance.  It is the seventh book in Foley's "Knights Miscellany" series, and focuses on black sheep Jack Knight.  Jack is the product of an extramarital affair between the promiscuous Duchess of Hawkscliffe and an Irish prizefighter.  The Duke claimed him as his son, but his true parentage was widely known.  Jack had a loveless childhood, treated as an outcast by his parents and society alike and, at seventeen, left home angry and disillusioned when the girl he loved refused him due to his inferior pedigree.  Now twenty years later, the mysterious Jack is a wealthy, world-hardened and powerful shipping merchant based in Jamaica.  He has never married, preferring to keep his liaisons temporary and procurable.    Jack is visiting Venezuela, where he secretly meets with Bolivar's rebels and agrees to sail to England to obtain needed assistance for them.  He has not set foot in England all these years, and lives in dread of it.  On his way to his ship, he stumbles upon Eden Farraday in the Venezuelan jungle.  The red-haired beauty has been toiling in the wilds with her scientist father for twelve lonely years and is desperate to return to England, but her father refuses.  Eden and Jack are immediately attracted to one another - Jack is more captivated by this sweet, smart and resourceful angel than he can ever remember being.  She pleads with him to take her with him, but Jack reluctantly leaves her behind.  The cynical and solitary Jack does not want any woman on his ship, and his mission must be kept a secret from outsiders.  Eden sees her only chance at freedom, so she runs away and eventually sneaks aboard Jack's ship.  When it's too late to turn back, Jack discovers his tempting stowaway. Compelled to protect her in his own cabin, how long can he keep his distance, when maybe this angel is just what he needs?   I very much like this novel for about two-thirds of the way.  The leads are charming, and the villains are less dark and pervasive than some earlier books in this series - which is a good thing.  The shipboard yearning and passion between the love-struck couple is quite enjoyable.  I appreciate that the inexperienced Eden is no goodie-two-shoes and can hold her own with the worldly Jack.  The love scenes are a little hard-edged, but not overly so.  The many historical details add heft and interest to the story, and Jack's troubled past and the promise of a reunion with his family keep the reader involved.  However, Eden's unjustified resistance and thoughtless behavior once they arrive is annoying, and is inconsistent with her fine character up until this point.  It is used to lengthen the story and the romance, detracting from both.  Although I feel this book is worth reading, and all turns out well in the end, less could have been so much more.     