 This book is classic Cynster - a little campy, libidos on overdrive, passion-filled love scenes, a dynamic storyline and high entertainment value.  The hero of this thirteenth (!) installment in the series is the much sought after but aloof Dillon Caxton, cousin of Demon Cynster's wife Flick.  Wild and reckless as a young man, including a brief time when he illegally fixed races, Dillon has matured into a respected member of the equine community and holds the prestigious position of Keeper of the Breeding Register and Stud Book.  The Register contains information on all racehorses in England, and it is used to qualify a horse for a particular race.  The exact content of the Register is a closely guarded secret, and it is kept under lock and key at the Newmarket Jockey Club near Dillon's estate.  Dillon is looking into rumors of race-fixing when, suspiciously, the Jockey Club is broken into.  Then into town pops Miss Priscilla (Pris) Dalling, a breathtaking Irish beauty who insists, without success, that she be allowed the view the Register. Supposedly, she is trying to satisfy the curiosity of her quirky aunt who is a horse fanatic, but Dillon doesn't believe her for a minute.  He is right to be suspicious, for Pris is really Lady Priscilla Dalloway, an earl's daughter from Kilkenny, secretly in search of her twin brother Rus.    Rus is in hiding - and in fear for his life - after stumbling upon an illegal racing scheme at the stable where he trains horses.  According to a letter he sent to Pris, the scheme involves the Register and an upcoming race at Newmarket.  Pris thinks that seeing the Register may help her to locate Rus and figure out what is going on, but she is afraid to trust Dillon with the truth.  Pris is so desperate to help her brother, that she is willing to seduce Dillon to gain access to the Register.  Dillon is just as eager to persuade Pris to reveal her motives.  Of course, there's a bit more going on here than pure information gathering, and with the combustible pair determined to make headway, it's inevitable that sparks will fly and flames ignite.   I thought Dillon was an appealing hero and the storyline was a good one.  I was particularly intrigued with how the racehorse quandary would be resolved and its ringleader exposed.  I felt that the story stretched out a bit following the all-important Newmarket race, and I was a little troubled by the brothel incident at the end.  The love scenes were many and explicit, which is fine, but needed a little more warmth.  I often smiled, though, because as a regular reader of the series, I have a certain fondness for Lauren's over-the-top prose in her love scenes.  There was lots of seizing and conquering, reining in of needs, and leashing and unleashing of impulses - but this is Laurens' signature style and all part of the enjoyment.  It was fun to see Demon and Flick again (from "A Rogue's Proposal"), as well as trademark Cynster touches such as the matchmaking matrons, the over-possessive males, and Dillon staking his claim to Pris with a curricle ride through the park for all to see.  Though not quite as strong as some earlier works, it is a worthwhile addition to the series.      