 This is the first book in Sabrina Jeffries' new "School for Heiresses" series, and it is fast-paced and engaging, but less sophisticated than her previous series.  The book's heiress is Lady Amelia Plume.  The daughter of an earl, she has lived the majority of her 21 years very frugally, since her father had little money.  Then two years ago, the earl married a wealthy American widow, Dolly, and Amelia's circumstances changed drastically.  With Dolly's money, Amelia was sent to finishing school and gifted with a large dowry, and she is now considered a very desirable marriage prospect.  Amelia has yet to find a suitor who appeals to her intellectual and adventurous nature, but that changes one night when she attends a London society party.  On a dare, Amelia goes upstairs to sneak a love letter from her girlfriend into the host's bedchamber.  She winds up in his American cousin's room, where she stumbles upon some very disturbing documents.  This cousin, Major Lucas Winter, is apparently secretly investigating some criminals on behalf of the American government, and his primary suspect is none other than her beloved stepmother, Dolly.  Adventure-loving Amelia immediately goes into espionage mode and begins a flirtation with Lucas in order to gain information and help protect Dolly.  Lucas, who does not realize that Amelia is on to him, employs the same strategy, trying to wheedle or seduce as much information as he can from Amelia in hopes of incriminating Dolly.  Of course, there is a remarkably strong attraction between two people "feigning" interest in each other.  Soon the conflicted Lucas has become quite the jealous suitor, and Amelia is torn by her contradictory feelings towards him.  How can this impossible situation ever be resolved?    I have always enjoyed Sabrina Jeffries fun style of writing, and this book is no exception.  That said, this story is a little less romantic than some I have read by her, although certainly not short on erotic encounters.  The romance seemed to lack a certain tenderness and maturity, and seemed more raw and purely physical.  I did like Amelia as a heroine, however, and thought she behaved admirably and with a cool head under difficult circumstances.  Lucas was more difficult to empathize with, for his sometimes overbearing military ways were a little hard to warm up to.  The intrigue aspect was probably the strongest part of the story, as I remained curious throughout as to how the Dolly dilemma would be resolved. Overall, this was a good and a pleasant read, just not a momentous one.  I look forward to reading the next installment, featuring Amelia's friend Louisa North, Marcus' sister from "To Pleasure a Prince."     