 Loretta Chase's wonderfully dry sense of humor is clearly at work in this sweet and funny tale of a second chance at happiness.  Benedict Carsington, Viscount Rathbourne, has been a widower for two years, following a rather indifferent marriage.  He is an outstanding member of society, polite, responsible, philanthropic, self-controlled, and the heir to an earldom.  In other words, he has a life that is perfect by society's standards - only it is rather joyless.  This orderly if somewhat oppressive existence is turned on its ear when he meets the beguiling widow Bathsheba Wingate and her wily 12-year-old daughter, Olivia.  Bathsheba recently arrived in London after many years of impoverished exile in Ireland with her late husband, Jack Wingate.  Jack, an earl's son, was disinherited by his family and became a social outcast following his marriage to Bathsheba fifteen years earlier.  This was because Bathsheba's family, the "dreadful" DeLuceys, were social pariahs who had a reputation for fraud, scandal, and even piracy.  Although an honorable young woman, the beautiful Bathsheba was tainted by her family's reputation, and was labeled an evil temptress for causing her husband's ruin.  Jack was labeled a fool.  In reality, their marriage was a love match and, though poor, they were happy until Jack's death three years earlier.   Bathsheba, a talented artist, is barely making ends meet giving drawing lessons, when she happens upon Benedict and his 13-year-old nephew Peregrine at a London museum.   Benedict and Bathsheba are immediately attracted to one another - although they do not act upon it  - and soon Benedict has arranged for Peregrine to take drawing lessons from the beautiful widow.  Benedict knows that his family would not approve of a connection to the infamous Bathsheba, so the lessons are done secretly, and against his better judgment, though for the life of him Benedict cannot explain why he doing this.  He also thinks constantly about the Bathsheba while ignoring his regular duties, and keeps finding reasons to accidentally bump into her.  This is completely out of character for Benedict, who is such a model of moderation and social correctness.  Things come to a head when Olivia and Peregrine run away to the country on a quest to find buried treasure supposedly left by a pirate ancestor of the DeLuceys.  Benedict and Bathsheba embark on a frantic road trip in search of their wayward relatives, but soon the conflicted couple are themselves acting in a wayward fashion, though an amorous one. Benedict knows it is social suicide for him to be entangled with Bathsheba, and kind-hearted Bathsheba does not want to be the cause of his ruin, but the attraction is acute and undeniable.  How is this impossible romance ever to work out and, by the way, where are the children?   I greatly enjoyed the clever and tender banter between this quick-witted and well-matched couple. Benedict and Bathsheba have such a clear understanding of and affection for each other, almost from the start, that it is easy to believe in their destiny. This type of storyline is one of my favorites - where the couple realizes early on that they're perfect for one another, but there is an outside force - in this case, their utter rejection by polite society - that prevents them from remaining together.  There were many well-written teary moments when this reader dreaded their breakup as much as the couple did.   As always, Ms. Chase's humor is delightful.  Her character's outrageous musings, their deadpan reaction to alarming situations, their frequent use of self-effacing humor, the hilarious letters written by Olivia - all add to the enjoyment of the story.  I definitely recommend this book, and also the previous one in the series, "Mr.Impossible."     