 An intriguing mystery involving a boy's parentage fuels this intelligently written romance of two long-standing adversaries who are suddenly very attracted to one another.  Lady Charlotte Mardenford, a baron's widow for six years, has begun to feel lifeless and alone despite a very full life.  She decides on a whim to attend a decadent masquerade party at the home a friend, purely to watch and not to participate.  Charlotte soon becomes uncomfortable and is offered a quiet corner in which to withdraw by Nathaniel Knightridge.  Nathaniel is a family friend with whom she endures a very contentious relationship.  She knows who he is because his face is not hidden behind a mask; hers is, however, so he does not recognize her. Nathaniel is a prominent defense counselor and he just lost his first murder case.  He is deeply depressed, but he is also gentler and more vulnerable than she has ever seen him.  Charlotte shows a different side of herself as well - softer, warmer and more needy.  Of course, before long they are in each other's arms.  They share a night of passion like nothing they have ever experienced, yet they leave the party with her identity still a secret.    Weeks pass, and Charlotte shows up at Nathaniel's door on the day of his murder client's execution, ostensibly to discuss a women's rights bill.  She has really come to comfort Nathaniel in his time of need, fearing correctly that he is grief-stricken. Charlotte winds up doing some fairly intimate consoling of Daniel before they are interrupted.  Daniel is amazed and quite touched by her compassionate gesture, particularly in light of their past adversarial relationship.  He also has some moments of dj vu, but cannot fathom that the thorny Charlotte could be the pliant and lovely woman that haunts his memories.  Charlotte has piqued Daniel's interest, however, and he begins a deliberate pursuit of her.  At the same time, he starts to investigate a blackmail case involving a young street boy who may be related to the family of Charlotte's late husband.  The case could have a devastating impact on the Mardenfords, including Charlotte.  Daniel is torn between his search for the truth, and his desire to protect the woman he is growing to love.   The mystery component of this story definitely captured my interest, pulling me through right to the end.  The romance was also appealing, particularly how it captured the heady feeling and obsessive nature of newfound love.  My one dissatisfaction is that the writing was at times a little wordy, and both lead characters tended to over-analyze things.  Nonetheless, there is good dialogue and humor in the story, and I liked the quiet passion that the couple had for one another, contrasted with their sometimes noisy exchanges in the past.  Their road trip together was romantic and fun and one of the highlights of the story.  I have not read the previous books in this series, but look forward to doing so now.  Well done.     