 This is obviously the first book of a series, for much time is spent introducing not only the heroine Tess Essex, but also her three younger sisters, aged 15 to 22, and other supporting characters. The untimely death of the sisters' father, a viscount, has placed them under the guardianship of Rafe Jourdain, Duke of Holbrook.  The thirty-something duke is someone the sisters have never before met, and whom their somewhat reckless father knew only slightly.  Nonetheless, they leave their home in Scotland and are welcomed by Rafe at his estate in the English countryside.  Tess feels guilty that the duke is burdened with four young women who are not his relations. In order to lessen Rafe's burden, Tess decides to marry quickly so that she can then take over responsibility for her sisters.  She is almost instantly wooed by the Earl of Mayne, a friend of Rafe's who she likes but does not have strong romantic feelings for and vice versa.  Tess does have strong feelings when around Lucias Felton, a wealthy businessman, and he seems to be interested in her as well.  However, Lucias strangely acquiesces to his friend Mayne's suit and does not declare for Tess.  Tess feels that she cannot afford to hold out for Lucias when there is so willing and desirable a candidate as Mayne is in the offing. How this dilemma is resolved, as well as miscellaneous flirtations, engagements and weddings, is at the heart of the novel.  The first half of this story was slow moving with too many things going on with too many different characters.  Also, Tess' sisters were a little difficult to like or feel much sympathy for.  The book took off in the second half and was much better.  I enjoyed how Tess and Lucian related to each other in such an all-consuming way, and I liked Tess' enthusiasm and Lucias' sweetness.  My one dissatisfaction is that there were many loose ends remaining around the secondary characters in the story.  I do not need the presence of so many open issues to want to read subsequent books in a series.     