 The disappearance of a woman a generation ago is at the heart of this well-written romance and mystery that kept me thoroughly engaged.  Brand Hamilton is a respected owner of a string of newspapers and the illegitimate son of a duke. Now thirty-three years old, he is a workaholic who has spent his life proving his worth and has never taken the time for a serious romantic relationship.  This changes when Lady Marion Dane arrives in London with her two younger sisters.  Marion is the niece of Edwina Gunn, who was a mother figure to Brand in his youth.  Brand recently received a letter from Edwina, which arrived shortly after her death, in which she asked Brand to look into the disappearance of her sister twenty years ago.  Edwina always thought her sister ran away and eloped, but lately came to believe that she was murdered.  Edwina thinks that Marion, who was seven at the time, may have inadvertently seen the murderer.  Brand is at first skeptical of the claim, but when Marion is twice attacked and injured, he begins to reconsider the matter and suspects that she may be in danger.  Marion is a private person who, although smart, attractive and the daughter of an earl, discourages suitors and seems inexplicably set on spinsterhood.  Brad believes - rightly - that there is something in her past that is preventing her from getting too close to any man and fully realizing her life.  With a newsman's dogged determination, and his own personal charms, Brad sets out to break down her defenses.  Little does he see that his own emotional defenses are in danger of tumbling, for Marion may be the soul mate whom he never thought he'd find.  And Brand may be the knight in shining armor who can finally set her free.  I like the sweet, thoughtful and steadily evolving romance between this most charming couple.  Their "pretend" engagement to further their investigation is delightful, for it sets up all sorts of interesting scenarios.  And of course Brand and Marion are crazy about each other and welcome any excuse to spend time together.  Brand is a particularly admirable and likable hero; Marion is very appealing as well, if occasionally too cautious.  The love scenes are fairly tame - their intimacy comes more by way of potent dialogue - but nonetheless pleasing.  The secondary characters also are a delight, particularly Marion's sister and Brand's brother, who have a budding friendship all their own.  The mystery is a main component of the story and is well done and keeps the reader involved.  I think this book is stronger than the previous one in the series. (I only wish this one had been given a more relevant title, as another reviewer mentioned.)  The ending is very heart-warming and satisfying, and I will be sure to look for future books by Ms. Thornton.     