 I am a long time fan of Ms. Hamilton and go here on record saying she is one of the most creative writers I've ever read.  But I have never in all my reading history watched a writer more thoroughly and contemptuously destroy a loyal fan base.  There is no doubt that the Anitaverse is hers to do with as she pleases but the changes she forced on Anita from NIC onwards are unbelievable.  No wonder Anita fought so hard to stay free of JC, once that line was crossed the slope became slippery indeed!  And we won't even go into what is now lubricating said slope.  I'm not one of the fans that is screaming about the addition of sex to the monster hunting and the mystery.  I never thought Anita should settle down with just one guy and raise kiddies.  Her powers made her extraordinary and I wouldn't have had a problem with her being in the triumverate and loving both her men in all kinds of kinky ways.  I figured Richard would putz around for a while and then come on board.  He's not going to get a picket fence life either, so deal Richard!  There had been a lot of wonderful sexual tension building for many books and it had to come out sometime.  I was looking forward to Anita loosening up and exploring the possibilities of the TRI.  But then we have the ARDEUR.  It it supposed to be blamed for our chaste, modest, uncomfortable-with-nudity Anita being OK with not only sex with everyone she knows (while her friends watch), but stunt sex with JC's new vamps (while her friends watch), and then finally sex on stage at his strip club (while strangers watch).  Come on, this character would never go for it.  THAT'S why the fans are screaming.  Not because of the addition of sex, but so much sex and in so many ways that Anita couldn't live with on her best day. All I could think of while reading this book was what would Edward think if he could see the Anita he loves and respects being passed around like this?   I love the books and watching this progression is painful.  With ID coming out I spent the week prior to its debut re-reading all my old books, so I tore into INCUBUS DREAMS with much anticipation.  By the time I finished I had that clean white space in my head that Anita visits when she kills someone.    This is one book in the series that I won't be re-reading over and over.  It's just too exhausting.   The book does address lots of relationship issues.  It's wonderful that Richard and Anita both grew and came to realize that signing into the TRI had to be faced and accepted in all it's glorious power.  Unfortunately that scene was a bit of an anti-climax since Anita accidently formed a new TRI with Nat and Damian.  Why, Laurell?  Why add that mess when Anita can't even cope with the TRI she already has?  ID will go down as the book that is just too much of everything.  (Except a mystery)  Fine, we needed to have a bunch of different character heart to hearts.  That done and done well, can this series be saved?  Yes, it can.  Just stick a cork in ...ahem, the ardeur.  Anita is the big tough vampire slayer, she can get control of it and severely reduce the queue waiting to sample her favors.  Then she, JC, and Richard can use all that wonderful power they've summoned up to go fight evil in all its forms.  Please.  Please.  Please.       