 Anytime you read Mr. Child you really have to work overtime to keep your disbelief under wraps.  In his last novel he had the FBI breaking laws right and left and treating Reacher like he was a puppet at their mercy.  This time it's the Secret Service but they treat Jack like he's the Second Coming and can't seem to come up with an idea or a move unless he suggests it.  I mean they are hanging onto his every word.  It's well known that neither of these organizations would happily work with civilians anyway but that's where that willing suspension of disbelief comes in.  We want Jack to be appreciated by these people so we'll go along with them using his great talents.    But then there are such CLUNKERS that you get knocked right out of storyland and start shaking your head in wonder that Mr. Child makes such lame mistakes or that his editor doesn't catch them.  For instance:  Reacher is quite pleased that he wanders around the country with neither driver's license nor I.D.  Yet he picks up a wad of cash at Western Union.  Sorry folks, no I.D., no getting the moolah.  Elementary.   And then we have the assassination attempt.  The Secret Service boss calls one of their researchers to come in immediately.  Anyone doubt that the researcher would be heading in immediately?  Nope, he whines that he needs at least two more hours at his Thanksgiving dinner. Excuse me?  Our V.P. has been shot at and two agents are dead, but this guy is going to continue eating turkey?  Yeah, that was a turkey all right.  Then the boss also says agents will be thin around there because he has given them 24 hours off and he's not calling them back in because the V.P. can't sleep.  CLUNK!  Can we suspend our disbelief that any agent would be taking off the day an assassination is foiled?  I think not.  I can't list any of the other clunkers without giving away too much of the action but there are far too many from such a talented writer.   Nevertheless, I keep reading his books because I really like Reacher.  The business of him throwing away good clothes is getting a little old though but at least he wore clean clothes every day in this one.  And his new sidekick was quite interesting and here's hoping we see her again in the future.       