 This actually could have been a three star review, but I have to give credit to the thuroughness of the scholarship, the excellent photographs and the superb 200+ end notes, which are a mini-book in themselves.  Orsi's book is "revisionist" if it is proper to call a thesis that glorifies a massive American corporation "revisionist".  I suppose that it qualifies if one is taking the scholarship of major American and French universities from the sixties onward as the standard.  Simply put, Orsi's goal is to set the record straight about the Southern Pacific.  No "Octopus" in his eyes, the Southern Pacific was an important innovator in the area of agriculture, conservation and scientific forestry.  Indeed, without the Southern Pacific, California and the west as we know it would not have been possible.  Aside from rewriting bits of history from the railroad's perspective, Orsi's main scholarly contribution is his access to the Southern Pacific's own corporate records.  Certainly this is an approach that gives a more complicated picture of the corporations motives and morals then the simplistic "Octopus" portrait of Frank Norris.  Orsi also has access to better statistics then scholars operating in the past had (i.e. the railroad's internal statistics), so that allows him to fairly castigate those who have painted an unrealistic portrait of, say, the size of the Southern Pacific's land grants.  Although I am sympathetic to his attempt to rehabilitate the image of the Southern Pacific, I found some of the assertions regarding the tremendous difficulties the S & P had in carrying out its good intentions hard to take.  If one was to rely on Orsi's book as one's only source, you might believe that the Southern Pacific was a money losing venture, operated out of sheer philanthropy of the "Big Four".  I'm serious about that comment: There is no mention about the tremendous personal fortunes of Stanford, Huntington and Co., let alone any discussion of the profit of the railroad as a whole.  On the other hand, Orsi goes out of his way to demonstrate expenditures the railroad made in support of the common good.  Of course, I can hear the authorial response: Everyone already knows about the money that was made, I'm trying to fill in the stuff that everyone doesn't know.  Still, one example: The S & P operated the Pacific Land Company, which operated at the behest of the Big Four by subdividing land for sale.  Orsi says that there wasn't any record of how much money that Land Company made and says it's impossible to even determine how the land and profit was accounted for within the S & P.  Is that so? I find it curious, as I found the curious the almost complete lack of (positive) financial data.  On the whole, I thought Orsi does a great job. However, I would have liked more balance, even if he is writing this book to even the score.     