 This book is an easy to read collection of essays and stories about the people and places in "Mormon Country".  Stegner has one section of the book that deals exclusively with the Mormons and a second section that focuses in on the "Gentiles", which the name the Mormons give to non-Mormons. This is the fourth book I've read in recent months dealing with Mormonism (others: Jon Krakauer's "Under the Banner of Heaven", Jack Earley's "Prophet of Death", and Fawn Brodie's excellent biography of Joseph Smith, "No Man Knows My History").  I decided to read this book because it was written by Wallace Stegner and because it seemed to me to be a less sensaionalistic and lurid account of Mormon life (both Banner of Heaven and Prophet of Death  dealt with Mormonism and violent crime). I was not dissapointed, although I can't say that I was particularly impressed, either. This book takes the form of 28 little stories.  As you would expect, some are great and some are merely so-so.  I felt like the book served as a good survey of "Mormon Country".  Stories like "Arcadian Village", which describes the last gasp of Mormon collectivism and "Chief of the Islands of the Scene", which describes the conversion efforts of Walter Gibson in Hawaii, illuminate aspects of Mormon history that had heretofore escaped me. Because the book itself was written in the 40's, many of the interviews Stegner conducted consisted of "old timers" talking about events from the late 1800's and early 1900's.  This gives the book a "living history" quality that is, in my opinion, it's most outstanding attribute. Stegner is certainly sympathetic to Mormon society.  His story "the Fossil Remains of an Idea", which is a genial account of polygamy in Short Creek (now Colorado City), was shocking in its good natured attitude towards polygamy.  That is about the ONLY thing which can be said to be "shocking" about this book. This is a good background resource for readers interested in pursuing self-study of Mormon society.     