 I read this book after Amazon suggested it to me, and because it could be had for cheap.  Amazon suggested I might like this book because I had recently purchased Leo Marx's "The Machine in the Garden" and Henry Nash Smith's "Virgin Land".  I had to read no further then the author's preface to see reference to those two authors, and the book often cited to their work in those two books. Undoubtably, Chapter Two, called "The Factory as Republican Community" is a must-read. Using Goffman's concept of the "Total Insitituion", Kasson uses primary and secondary source material to discuss how the establishment of the Lowell-model factories in New England represented the culmination of a certain kind of american ideology.  Kasson situates the discussion in terms of American reaction to English factory life (see Dickens, Hard Times) and how American factory owners wanted their factories to be "different". For me, the most illuminating part of this book came when Kasson explained how the reaction to English factory life was primarily  shock and horror at the lack of social control exercised by the British over their factory workers.  The Lowell owners were just as concerned with the social control of their workers as they were with making economic profit (Kasson points out that their was a substantial issue as to whether the factories would, in fact, be profitable).  For me, the point was to illustrate the profoundly undemocratic roots of American Republicanism.  Although Kasson is far from an ideologue, I can see why this chapter is often required reading in college history courses. As for the rest of the book.  Meh.  Chapter one sets up the background for Chapter two, so you have to read that.  I thought his chapter on Emerson ("Technology and Imaginative Freedom") was a bit derivative of his influences.  His chapter on "The Aesthetics of Machinery" is mildly interesting (Did you know that Americans used to paint their machines with flowers?). His final chapter on "Technology and Utopia" is, in my opinion, the weakest, although I was engaged by his exegesis of Twain's "A Conneticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court". I'd recommend this book for students of early america history, american studies types and people interested in the the subject of social control.     