 I got this book because I work as a criminal defense attorney.  I have my own thoughts about "snitch culture" so I got the book, basically because of the title.  The book is useful in so much as Redden, a newspaper, gathers anecdotal evidence into a single volume .  His source material is mostly from newspapers and free weeklies, and that is both a strength and a flaw.  Over all, the book reads like an article from a free weekly.  I don't mind that per se, but I was hoping for a more rigorous treatment of a most interesting subject. For example, it would have been useful to cover the transformation of attitudes towards the use of snitches from England to America.  Disgust over use of snitches was characteristic of non-elites in America prior to the American revolution.  Similarly, both elites and non-elite groups in pre-Revoluntionary America shared this antipathy.  Given the current prevalence of snitches, this obviously has changed, but why?  This book gives us no answers. Also, I would have appreciated some coverage of the nexus between federal sentencing law and snitch culture.  For example, under recent federal guidelines (since amended) the only way under a mandatory minimum sentence was co-operation with the authorities.  Surely this is a chapter in and of itself. There is some indication that the tide is turning (at least in the non terrorism context), but I fear this book will not age well.I got this book because I work as a criminal defense attorney.  I have my own thoughts about "snitch culture" so I got the book, basically because of the title.  The book is useful in so much as Redden, a newspaper, gathers anecdotal evidence into a single volume .  His source material is mostly from newspapers and free weeklies, and that is both a strength and a flaw.  Over all, the book reads like an article from a free weekly.  I don't mind that per se, but I was hoping for a more rigorous treatment of a most interesting subject. For example, it would have been useful to cover the transformation of attitudes towards the use of snitches from England to America.  Disgust over use of snitches was characteristic of non-elites in America prior to the American revolution.  Similarly, both elites and non-elite groups in pre-Revoluntionary America shared this antipathy.  Given the current prevalence of snitches, this obviously has changed, but why?  This book gives us no answers. Also, I would have appreciated some coverage of the nexus between federal sentencing law and snitch culture.  For example, under recent federal guidelines (since amended) the only way under a mandatory minimum sentence was co-operation with the authorities.  Surely this is a chapter in and of itself. There is some indication that the tide is turning (at least in the non terrorism context), but I fear this book will not age well.     