 Ah, Theodore Dreiser... Even though I don't really enjoy reading him at times, I can't stay away.  This is the third Dreiser book I've read (The other two: The Titan, and Sister Carrie).  I would certainly recommend Sister Carrie over The Financier, but I would recommend this book over its succesor, The Titan. The Financier is the by now familiar tale of the rise/fall/rise of an aspiring financial tycoon.  The only difference between Frank Cowperwood (protagonist of The Financier) and the Gordon Gecko of 80's "Wall Street" fame, is that Cowperwood is working in the 1860's , not the 1980's and he lives in Philly, not NYC. Cowperwood is the son of a bank vice president.  He posseses a preternatural gift for finance and an, ahem, well developed, sense of self interest.  Cowperwood is the sort of Spencerian/ Darwinian/Nietchzian "super man" that is as common in early twentieth century American fiction as the self obsessed yuppie has become in early twenty first century American television. Cowperwood's catch phrase during this book is "I satisfy myself." Personally, I found that phrase a tad redolent of omanism, if you know what I mean, but I'm sure Dreiser had the purest of intentions at the time. The plot of the book concerns machinations involving Cowperwood and his handling of city bonds.  I know, it sounds dry.  Well, it is dry, and boring, especially for the first hundred and fifty pages, where Dresier seems intent on teaching the readers all about the operation of financial markets in Philly in the 1860's. The story picks up when a fire hits Chicago, and Cowperwood's shenanigans are detected.  Cowperwood is then tried, convicted and sent to prison.  It's a good time.  Makes for fun reading. Of almost equal importance is Cowperwood's penchant for the illicit affair.  His courtship of Aileen Butler, the daughter of one of his patrons, absorbs a good forty percent of the book.  In "The Titan", Butler becomes his wife when they move to Chicago. Overall, I'd say the book is worth checking out if only for Dreiser's reportage.  You can practically taste the 1860's.  Also notable is his expert discussion of financial markets in that period, and I might add, his lovely descrption of conditions at the Eastern Pentitentiary. Check it out. If you like this book, you might also want to check out the Titan, Sister Carrie, Frank Norris's "The Pit" and that same author's "The Octopus", for similarly themed work.     