 This is the third book in the four book (projected) that Fischer began with the seminal "Albion's Seed".  Liberty and Freedom is devoted to those two concepts, which Fischer holds are key to understanding the culture of America.  Fischer uses quilts, flags, photos, paintings, sculpture and pretty much anything else under the sun(toilet decorated with a bald eagle, anyone?) to illustrate this thesis.  Clearly, Fischer is concerned with the idea of America.  What is most novel about this book is the way that Fischer tries to assimilate some of the newer teachings of social history with the the method of traditional history(focus on military events/political leaders).    Never one to shy away from histiographical concerns, Fischer illustrates these varying approaches in a short appendix.  This book is of high quality, copiously illustrated and is published in conjunction with a touring museum exhibition that is travelling as far west as St. Louis (as a Californian, I am a little upset that it isn't coming out farther).  The chapters of the book are short to the point of being anecdotal: two pages on Emerson, four pages on Thoreau, three pages on Martin Luther King.  However, that is in line with Fischer's central concern which is to document the imagery of the ideas of liberty and freedom in American history.  The heavier intellectual lifting is towards the front of the book.  In the first hundred pages, Fischer produces a nifty chart that documents the differing origins of the concepts of liberty and freedom (Did you know that liberty derives from the Roman republic/empire whereas Freedom comes from Germanic/Anglo tribal roots?).  He then relates these concepts to the cultural groups that settled America (and to which Albion's seed is entirely devoted).  While it is possible to quibble with the result, I will save that for the real historians. Suffice it to say, this book is an awesome achievment, and Fischer is once again to be commended, not only for his attempts to bravely reconsile two competing schools of history, but also for his large spirited message, that groups which turn away from the concepts of liberty and freedom ultimately lose the battle in America's "marketplace of ideas."  A must for cynics and believers alike.     