 My wife bought me all three for Hannukah.  Huzzah!  I was super stoked to receive these as a gift, since they're in the category of "things I want but wouldn't buy for myself", i.e. perfect gifts. The three vary in quality (and, I might, add, quantity).   Spike's is the most well put together of the three.  You get many of his best videos, commentary by many of the artists, and a sort of running commentary by the Beastie Boys on several of the videos.  The B-boys commentary is not particularly insightful, but is funny (for ex. Mike D. spends two videos trying to remember the name of "Guided By Voices".)  The B-side has three documentaries: one on the Torrance Community Dance Group, one on some would be rodeo dudes from Texas and, my favorite, a half hour documentary on Fat Lip (ex-Pharycde).  The Fat Lip documentary borders on the brilliant, and I would recommend the DVD for it alone (and for the videos, which are cool as well.)  I was hoping there would be some skate board video footage, but there is only one short clip. Michel Gondry's disc takes a more whimsical approach.  He includes a seventy five minute documentary, which is cool.  There are also some older videos from French acts I've never heard of.  The inclusion of several Bjork videos is great, but since I already own her DVD collection, there is a touch of duplication (the same could be said for the other two DVD's.) The Chris Cunningham DVD is a disappointment and feels like a slap dash affair.  There are only eight videos and the "extras" include some commercials(!) and a couple of exhibits.  Bleah.  I know Cunningham has done some interesting work, but it doesn't really come across here.  Oh, except for his video to "Windowlicker", which I'd never seen before, and is rad.  Also, his video for Squarepusher is tight. It will be interesting to see who else gets a DVD in this series.  Another interesting aspect to the three set is how often certain artists show up on two or three of the CD's:  Bjork (duh), Chemical Brothers, Daft Punk.     