 Edited on 3/2/4 Yes, a spotlight review.  My first. I am honored.  I'll admit that when I first wrote this review I had nary a thought of so being rewarded, but rewarded I am! Well, I'm not a scholar on Mormonism, nor a Mormon, so I think my perspective is a little different then the detailed reviews below.  I read this book because after I read "Under the Banner of Heaven" by Krakauer, I was like, yeah, Mormonism is interesting.  This book is THE book to read if you want a clear picture of Joseph Smith.  Of course, people nit-pick, but I know an engaging, well-written book when I read one, and this is an engaging, well-written book. Some of the chapters I like best included her documentation of the "Great Revival" and how that influenced Smith as a child; her portrait of the young Joseph Smith is amazingly interesting; and her documentation between the establishment of the temple ritual and Smith's fascination and free masonry. I think the less interesting (and likely less historically accurate) information comes during her coverage of the Nauvoo fights over polygamy and exocommunication.  That doesn't detract from the excellence of the book. Writing history is a subjective experience, anybody looking for objective truth from historical biography might as well stick to reading his or her bible. If you're interested in the life of Smith in a non-relgious sense, you might also enjoy the Cremaster cycle by Matthew Barney.  Or that might totally freak you out. The story of the life of Joseph Smith is as interesting as that of any early American one would think to name.  I really would recommend this book to anybody looking to gain a better grasp of Mormonism. You might also want to check out Mormon Country by Wallace Stegner.  That book was commissioned by the WPA and is a fairly folksy and well written account of Mormon life in the early twentieth century.  It is also readily and available and cheap. Also, there's a whole sub-genre of Mormon true crime.  Check out "Salamander", "The Prophet of Death" or "THe Poet and the Murderer".  Not to mention the classic Norman Mailer book about Gary Gilmore "The Executioner's Song". This is a problem I've noticed with trying to pick up books on Mormonism: they're pretty scarce and expensive.  I guess that's a testament to the faith of the flock.     