 Well... I've always been a Chemical Brothers fan.  There aren't alot of electronic music acts that have endured for a decade, fewer still that have managed to maintain some sort of commercial/artistic relevance.  While the Chemical Brothers have never been the most ground breaking of artists, they have fashioned a distinct (and oft imitated) aesthetic (sp?) that has been identified as "big beat". As someone who was actually in London in 1997, I can personally attest to the fact that "big beat" never existed as anything other then a London music industry label.  Most artists who were tagged with that label almost instantly attempted to disassociate themselves from it. The effect of listening to this album from start to finish is akin to gorging oneself on Halloween candy.  It's lot of sweet fluff, but not very filling, and it's not an experience you'd want over and over again.  Still, I would think that it would be near essential listening for anyone who lived through the era and hasn't bothered to maintain their record collection.  It might also make a good party record (can anybody resist dancing to the Chemical Brothers?) or serve as a good source for a track or two on a mixed tape/CD. The first two tracks "Song to the Siren" and "Chemical Beats" are fine examples of early Chemical's non-vocal Chemical Beats.  "Setting Sun" is the one of the song with Noel Gallagher on vocals, Block Rockin' Beats has the Schooly D sample (my least favorite track),  "Hey Boy Hey Girl" emerges, in my mind, as one the best tracks they ever recorded.  This judgement surprised me.  "Let Forever Be" and "Out of Control", I believe, are the other two songs with Gallagher (from Oasis).  Star Guitar is another stand out track, "The Test" has Richard Ashcroft (ex-Verve singer).  I'd never heard "Get Yourself High" before, and I didn't like it.  The new song with the singer of the Flaming Lips is kind of lame ("The Golden Path"), but what are you going to do? One thing I was looking for but didn't get was a track with Beth Orton.  Oh well.     