 As many reviewers have noted, this book is very well written, but a little short on technical or scientific prowess. It is basically a history of the universe from the Big Bang to the appearance and development of modern humans. This broad overview of knowledge is discussed within the context of various historical and political developments and associated paradigm shifts which surround the progress of modern science. One could argue from the outset, that the social context of scientific developments within the book is probably more astutely expounded than the actual science itself, as Bill Bryson himself doesn't pretend to actually understand much of the science he discusses.   Discussions include the Big Bang theory, relativity, the formation of matter and energy, the life cycle of stars, the rise and evolution of life on earth, the periodic table, the geological record and the age of the earth, mass extinctions, snowball earth, panspermia, ice ages, plate tectonics, DNA, cells, genes, DNA, the evolution of hominids, species extinction, disease, and greenhouse. As mentioned, human politics and paradigm shifts feature prominently in the discussion. There is a quite on emphasis on geology and biology in general (and its various subdisciplines), with rather less on chemistry and physics (not to mention such fields as evolutionary psychology, sociobiology, neurology and the brain, etc etc), which probably reflects Bill Bryson's personal preference, and understanding.   The strength is the independant eye for detail and perspective, including weaknesses within scientific knowledge itself. For example, I've always wanted to know just how much hominid material specimens we actually have-well the answer is about 5000 specimens, categorised into about 20 species (controversially). Now I know. I've also wanted to know what are the main cruxs with regards to the origin of life, well apparently the unknowns include dehyrdration linkages, including, specifically, making proteins. Other (of the many) curiosities include the rejection by Einstein of early ideas regarding plate tectonics, and the endemic corruption within 19th century Victorian science.  Weaknesses in the book include various technical faults, which Bill Bryson himself suspects are in the text. It seems that no trained geologist, for example, has actually edited the book, with such mistakes as implying the Hawaiian islands are part of the mid oceanic ridge system (p226). There is also an annoyingly consistent theme that goes like this: 'no plausible idea/theory has been proposed for scientific conundrum A or B'; or 'nobody has any idea'. Actually, more often than not solutions or theories HAVE been proposed for such a such a conundrum, but which have not been generally proved, or accepted.  This is not quite the same thing. In historical discussions, the same common oversimplification occurs: "nobody had any idea", or "nobody believed him", when more often than not, a significant few actually did. (eg Alverez's bolide impact theory, and various others).  Also permeating throughout the text is a very conservative, and oftentimes, contradictory bias. He doesn't have, what you would call, a creative temperament. He is quite happy to accept knowledge by various leaps of faith (eg a universe arising from nothingness, which actually implies an eternal something), and in general, presents a very conservative scientific outlook, whilst at the same time repeatedly emphasising that science almost unanimously progresses through the overthrow of the very conservative bias which he himself often endorses. This is patently contradictory, but astute readers will notice an almost uncannily consistent, conservative bias towards the development of scientific knowledge, politics and progress. (An interesting example includes his statement that Arianism, an early christian movement/sect which rejected the idea of the Trinity, and of which Newtown was a secret believer, was a "dangerous and heretical sect". He doesn't seem to note the danger of actually telling, or enforcing on people, the idea that 3 equals 1).   In summary, the book is a useful and interesting read, (despite the above criticisms), strong on curious details, and particularly suited for the layperson  or average reader (which was in fact its main target audience). Hoewever readers of a more technical level might be just a little disappointed.        