 This is an outstanding movie. Firstly, I am an Australian, so maybe I'm biased, as it is about Australian soldiers treated poorly by their British commanders during the Boer War in South Africa (1899-1902). It is a military courtroom drama which deals with complex issues of guerilla warfare, off-the-record orders, political expediencies, honour, obedience, inconsistent treatment of allied soldiers from different countries, and a host of other complex military and civilian issues which examine just how messy and terrible war can be. The epitaph of Mr Morant, at least in the film, quotes Matthew 10:36: "And a mans foes shall be they of his own household".  At one point, Mr Morant and his 2 fellow Australian soldiers- who are on trial for executing Boer prisoners-even though they were ordered to do so-their defense attorney points out that Mr Morant, on trial for obeying these orders, disobeyed these same standing orders previously, but which was at the time accepted- and agreed by witnesses for the prosecution- but was now on trial for *obeying* those same orders. A veritable mess. Basically, the British denied such orders were ever given, so that they could use these Australians as political scapegoats, of how bad and irrelevant the war had become, and therefore have an excuse to get out of their war-the Australians were thus sacrificed as "scapegoats for the Empire". "A sideshow of the war", it is stated. Or was it the war that was a sideshow in the first place? If you don't understand, don't worry, neither do I-it was a sham of a war, but then war often is.  I have heard some reviwers mention that the film was not entirely accurate-that is one for the historians-although others who seem to be in the know are adamant that it is accurate-but it is clear that these issues are universal, and can't be far from what happened. People died terribly and needlessly, on both sides and from their own side-and that is ugly and messy enough. If the film does nothing else, it educates one on the messiness of war, and gives one respect for the soldiers and civilians who get caught up in them.  The film deals with the tragedy of war, but also on human tenderness, poetry, love, obedience, political expediency, and on a low budget and a great script, brings out some of the best and worst of the human spirit.  Highly recommended for anyone interested in complex military issues, Australian and British history, or just a very good, well acted, and well written legal drama. One for the collection.     