 Students and enthusiasts of the brain/mind should look no further. This is a very good overview of recent ideas, research and argument regarding that complex organ of ours-the brain-and what and why it does what it does. The brain is incredibly complicated, but neuroscience in particular, in the light of evolutionary theory, magnetic resonance imaging and powerful computer modelling, is beginning to unravel its secrets.  The text covers a wide range of topics including: epilepsy, memory, hyper-religiosity (very brief-I think the authors are leaving that touchy topic for the future), neurotransmitters and their relation to various mental disorders, left/right brain functions and relations, left handedness, the "alien hand" (ala Dr Strangelove), Tourette's syndrome, "blindsight", syndrome E, amnesia, obsessive compulsive disorder and its variants, schizophrenia, addiction, sex, hunger, autism, expression, emotion, fear, phobias and how they are unconsciously learned, synaethesia (crossover between the senses eg `hearing colours'), agnosia (lack of recognition-eg of faces, objects etc), illusions and prejudice (skeptics take note!), aspects of language, gossip, 'states' of mind, false memories, depression, attention deficit hyperactive disorder, and A.I. (briefly discussed). Many case examples are given of various disorders, and the spectrum of their expression. A number of altered brain `states' and mental disorders are described and analysed in the light of brain modularity and evolutionary theory, in particular. Evolutionary theory is indeed providing useful answers as to how and why many unusual behavioural states/malfunctions/mechanisms occur in the brain, some of which seem to be purely `malfunctions', whilst others seem to be side-effects of other evolved mental mechanisms, whilst still others are probably there for a specific reason. One of the most interesting apsects for me is the *spectrum* that exists in many of the brain's 'disorders', and where slightly unusual brain functioning, or a weak version of a particular disorder may occasionally give a benefit in another area, and may have evolved for that reason. This book is probably the most comprehensive, rounded and best in the genre of brain/mind science that I have read. It is complimented with impressive colour illustrations and a prose that is light and readable, for the enthusiastic, but non-brain specialist like myself. Excerpts and comments from related fields such as philosophy, psychiatry, evolutionary psychology, anthropology, and even archaeology etc have been inserted in highlighted boxes, which provide welcome and complimentary notes. For me, other books I have read which deal more specifically on philosophy and evolutionary psychology for example, whilst very useful, don't *for me* provide the same cutting and specific insights as neuropsychology itself is providing, and I have read a few.  Other books recommended in this general 'neuroscience' genre include "the Man Who Mistook his Wife for a Hat"-a readable short paperback of anecdotes, "Why God Won't Go Away-Brain Science and the Biology of Belief"-neuroscience-obviously focussing on religious predispositions, and "States of Mind"-focussing on altered brain states such as schizophrenia and depression.     