 This is an excellent up to date (2002), locally written guide to surf spots in Peru. It details the well known breaks, as well as some not-so-well-known, if you really want to get away from the crowds, which you certainly can in Peru.   There is some awesome surf in Peru, and the coast picks up heaps of swell, mainly in the months April-Sep, but it can also get the same northwest swells that Hawaii gets between about Nov-March. About 100 breaks are described, with colour photos, best swell sizes, tides, maps, season, various local surf tips, accomodation and transport/access issues. The maps could be a bit better, but they are passable as a guide.  World-class, well known breaks like Chicama, Pacasmayo, Pico Alto, Punta Rocas, Herradura, Panic Point, Cabo Blanco, and Organos are well detailed, and of course there are a few other lesser known gems listed, such as Centinela, Poemape, San Gallen, Ilo, Punta Tur (awesome), Nonura, Penescal, La Isla, Senoritas-the list goes on and on.   Peru is a magic place for surfing, and has been for many years, it just doesn't get the limelight of modern day competition and western promotion. But right now, world class points and reefs are reeling off with ofshore winds in the remote desert, with nobody surfing them.   Powerful southwest swells hit lined-up point breaks and isolated reefs, and in many places the desert environment ensures crowds are down and the wind blows hard offshore. Crowds are worst around Lima, but you dont have to go too far to get away from them, and find long, long relatively uncrowded point breaks. Surf tourism is a major drawcard to many remote points, some of which are probably the longest in the world (over 2km rides), although the best of these can sometimes be quite crowded. But there are also lesser known ones which rarely, if ever, show crowds, you just have to search, which is what this book is all about. It's also very cheap and the country has plenty to see, all in all a great place to go on a real surfing adventure.   I spent several months surfing up and down the Peru coast, meeting friendly locals and surf travellers from everywhere from Ireland to Brazil to Sweden, and this book was just perfect as a guide. Some places I had 6 foot, perfect point breaks all to myself, others it was crowded and 3 feet. Hard waves, soft waves, hollow waves, fat waves, big waves, this book will help you find what you are looking for. My favourite waves were Punta Rocas, La Isla, Chicama, Keys, and Centinela, but I didn't get to surf many other of the best waves.  The best thing about this guide is that it is written by locals, so it has a certain South American flavour about it, with local tips and other things to see and do. It's a real must if you are considering a surf adventure in this gem of a coastline. In short, Peruvian surf is mystical, wild, consistent and remote, and with low costs, well worth a surf adventure.   But be warned Peru can be a little dangerous and wild and remote too, so if you are picky about security or western luxuries, you better go somewhere else.      