 With the recent remake of this popular 1968 film, this might be one movie you may want to revisit. I did, and it was worth it. It's dated to be sure, but that is part of the charm. Whilst the special effects are not as profound, the storyline itself is probably better than the 2001 version. The recent 2001 remake in fact borrows many of the original lines, ideas and scenes, so interested viewers might like to get some background information by taking another look at the original film. Being a bit of a movie buff, an interest for me was the diffferences which have been brought into the story in the 2001 version. Some of these differences reflect our increased understanding of primate behaviour since the 1960s. For example, in the 2001 film, the time traveller crash lands in a JUNGLE, in the 1960s movie it was a desert. Primates such as apes and chimpanzees and orangutans are at home in the jungle, not the desert, which may sound obvious, but the value this adds to the special effects, primate calls, signals and general ambience have been incorporated into the 2001 film, will a telling improvement. Furthermore, the primal instincts, urges, feelings and fears of primates seem more diverse and appropriate.  The purpose of both films was, in part, to show that the differences between primates and humans is not as much as people formerly thought. This first film, with Charlton Heston as the lead, touches on a bit of science, anthropology, archaeology, primate behaviour, philosophy, the lure of the hunt, and also has a very good twist in the end. It probably has a touch more substance, and a more detailed storyline than the 2001 film, but both are entertaining films. The 2001 film also has an unusual twist in the end, (dont worry I wont give it away!) which I thought was an excellent idea, and in keeeping with the 1968 tradition.  A good film for your collection, and to compare the differences and similarities to the more colourful, snappy-special-effects 2001 version.     