 There has been alot said and written about Nostradamus over the years, but here is a slightly more scientific/psychological slant than some others, based primarily on the work of Jung and others.  Nostradamus' words eminated from dreams and dream states deep within his mind, but they are essentially no different to the dreams and thoughts of other people. The brain dreams, we all dream. Some people simply have more connection to their dreams and their dream states, and Nostradamus was probably one of these people. Most dreams are random, but a few relate to the outside world, ie the thoughts, anxieties, and culture one lives in, whilst some people probably tend to dream more common and universal symbolic themes. These dreams/dream states/visions, written down, will therefore tend over time to follow consistent patterns, and some dreams and words will at one point or another prove to be 'correct', or 'fulfilled', simply because we live in a world where history and historical processes tend to repeat themselves.  This book may have value for personal inspiration, such as personal understanding of own's own dreams. But it would be wrong to believe that the words of one man several centuries ago were directly connected or ACTUAL images of events of another age. It is more likely that he saw, in his dream-like trance states, the same universal images, the same warnings of his mind of his own time, which also occur in other ages. That is also why he left them vague and cryptic. The messages are symbols, they are dreams, they are not, as some people interpret them, supposed to be uniquely accurate, or some kind of magic.  Dreams are inspiring, they show us images from deep within the collective pscyhe, which the mind interprets and warns from the world around it, but they are not necassarily external reality.  As one wouldn't necasarily take ones own dreams in the night, as necassarily real or true, I wouldn't take other people dreams from trance-like states, as literally or necassarily real either.     