 The strong points in this book are these:  1) it is a thoroughly entertaining detailed account of the discovery of the causes for the mass extinction which occurred at the K-T boundary, and  2) it provides an  insightful anaylsis of the many pitfalls, lucky strikes, and false trails  which are characterstic of any process of true scientific discovery. As  such it reminds us of how careful and open-minded scientists need to be in  dealing with new insights and discoveries.  For those who are trained  scientists, the book is mainly written for the layperson, especially the  geological aspects, but that is fine, because as a geologist I am strongly  of the view that we need more geological education and understanding in the  general community. It is fine if science is written simplistically as long  as it is accurate. Walter Alvalrez, for the most part, with perhaps a few  exceptions, has managed to achieve this careful tension. The book is not an  overview of the various theories and developments concerning mass  extinction events, but rather a story of the search told by some who have  been deeply involved. Therefore the fact that it doesn't provide an  objective overview of the available theories, whilst true, is not really  relevant here; Walter Alvarez is telling a story of mostly his own  experiences, and those with whom he has worked. As long as this is  understood, the book is educational, entertaining, and a thoroughly  enjoyable read. I would like to add for those with some knowledge of  geological science, that we have some very good exposures of the  Permian-Triassic boundary in Australia, which Mr Alvarez notes is not so  common in the northern hemisphere. This boundary is recognised as the  biggest mass extinction of all, and some of these exposures have not been  studied in much detail,let alone from the point of view of mass  extinctions.  Perhaps, being thus far somewhat geographically isolated from  the scientific community of the northern hemisphere, Australia will provide  some exciting new developments in our understanding of mass extinctions.     