 This book is a very good overview of current debate and discovery concerning various aspects of the nature and origin of life. One of the best things about this book is the level of detail, sourced from a variety of disciplines. Another strength is Paul Davies' impassioned, clear, reasoned and objective writing style. He discusses all the various arguments, subjects them to critical analysis, and formulates conclusions based on the available evidence. It is delightful to read an overview of scientific debate which doesn't jump to sides, but critically examines alternative arguments, regardless of source. In other words, biology, physics, mathematics, history, poetry, geology, chemistry, biochemistry, theology, philosophy, etc etc (in no particular order) all have something to say about this topic. Moreover, Paul Davies doesn't seem to need to sell or convince anybody of his ideas. His job isn't on the line, he doesn't need the money, and he has enough experience to realise just how complicated processes in the universe can be. He is delightfully distant, and objectively impassioned. He simply reasons, and allows the reader to agree, or disagree. His knowledge of the various arguments are also pretty sound.  Paul Davies outlines the arguments both for and against intelligent life being common in the universe including Carter's Anthropic principle, Fermi's paradox, Darwinism, chaos theory, edge-of-chaos theory, Boolean algebra, and quantum indeterminism. There is an interesting discussion on Van Neumann Machines (intelligent space probes), and artificial intelligence. Keen advocates of these ideas, Mr Davies notes,  are reminded that there may be more to the technology required in sending these intelligent machines off into space than we might think. Chaos and complexity theory might have something to say about the Von Neumann machine, as it did with several other bungled scientific endeavours. Panspermia-the spreading of micro-organisms between star systems- is also discussed. It is a growing idea. For example, it was only recently reported (too recent for this book, unfortunately) that scientists have re-created conditions in space in the early formation of the solar system, and came up with more complex organic molecules than those previously found from early "Earth-soup" experiments. Maybe, life originated in the turbulent conditions of space-in which case it should be relatively common in the universe, developing further on planets where conditions are favourable. Furthermore, it was recently reported that microbes from a 300 million-year-old gas bubble were released, and promptly started to reproduce. Put these inside a large asteroid and send it off into space, and you could theoretically seed planets on the other side of the galaxy.  Mr Davies' thinks intelligent life is relatively common in the universe, based on the notion that it is the "natural outcome of the laws of physics"-but notes that perhaps the most compulsive argument against this is neo-Darwinism. (Although not all neo-Darwinists would agree). He is not a strict Darwinist, in the sense that he suspects something is incomplete-not wrong- about Darwinism. One recent notion for example to support intelligent being common, is that of the `edge of chaos', whereby some systems exist at a kind of boundary of `order', and are highly sensitive to very small changes-they can self-organise and/or rapidly jump in complexity, and/or revert to chaos rather easily. These systems have important implications to the nature and origin of life, in that they imply a directional component to the natural workings of the universe. Mr Davies does note however, that biologists are unhappy with any kind of `direction' in the `chaos' that is evolution, lest `Design' should slip in the back door. But the problem with this view is that `chaos' is not simple. The universe, Mr Davies suggests, tends towards complexity and organisation-it is fundamentally built-in to the physics of the universe. In which case, intelligence should arise as part of the normal processes of the laws of physics. These ideas are in stark contrast to the commonly held view that intelligence is so highly improbable even given abundant simple life, that it is unlikely to occur elsewhere.  This book is a very good overview of current knowledge and theory, only slightly dated as at May, 2001. Rare Earth is another book for keen readers of this field, which argues that intelligent life is very uncommon in the universe. In my view this book is more 'true to life', so to speak, with more varied ideas, and a greater understanding of humanity and science.     