 Don't get me wrong, as a scientist I enjoyed this book. It has numerous  up-to-date overviews of various ideas concerning the evolution of life on  earth, planetary and solar system evolution, star formation, mass  extinction events, evolutionary change etc etc, but I am of the view that  the basic thrust of this book-that these many things which have played a  role in the development of life on earth are by and large necassary for  complex life to form-that this idea is fundamentally flawed. Here are my  reasons. I won't go into the exact details of what the book discusses, as  there are some other very good reviews which do this admirably. But the  thesis is flawed. Just because life on earth has developed in a metal-rich  solar system, with  a Jupiter-like planet deflecting cometary and meteoric  debris, with the "right" temperature (supposedly), the right  amount of water, the "proper" (supposedly) distance from the sun  etc etc, doesn't mean that all these and other things are necassary for  complex life to form. In fact, there are indications that conditions on  earth in some ways are not conducive for complex life to form. The earths  crust is suprisingly rich in oxygen, oxygen is generally toxic to life. The  earth is very stable, (axis, distance from sun, etc etc) which may mean  that evolutionary change is considerably slower than on other planets. On  another planet, with a more diverse planetary environment, and periodic  instabilities, complex life might actually evolve considerably quicker.  Life on earth appears to go through long periods of relative stability-this  might be peculiar to life on earth and a relatively stable planet, and not  the best environment for the evoltution of complex life. The earth is  relatively poor in some elements which are apparently very important in  complex life forms, such as phosphorous, and others. There are many  peculiarities about the earth which are not necassarily necassay for life,  and may even hinder it. The book does not spend much time in discussing  thses ideas.   But apart form these arguments, there is a blatant  underlying flaw, that is, the idea that because life as we observe it has  indeed been profoundly influenced by a number of different factors we can  observe, that this therefore means that these processes are necasary for  all/most complex life forms to evolve. How do we even know, for example,  that water is necassary for life, let alone continental drift, large  gaseous planets, the moon and so on. Silicon has long been conjectured to  be able to provide a basis for the complex chemistry necassary for complex  life, and silicon reacts differently to carbon with water and various other  liquids. The many factors the book discusses are how life as we know it has  formed, yes, but this does in no way mean that life can't form in other  ways. If there is anything about life that seems obvious, is that is it  adaptable, and suprisingly so. Life finds a way. The earth is not a  blueprint, it is just one example of its course. Because it took 4 billion  years on earth for complex life to get going, may indicate that the earth  is not very good at getting life started, rather than complex life being  improbable in the first place.  I'm of the view that the obvious variety  of conditions present in the universe may well create numerous conditions  where life can flourish. True, this life might possibly be very different  form what we imagine, blobs of 'intelligent jelly', rather than 'little  green men'(primates). It is only simplemindedness which assumes that life  on earthly conditions is the only way.     