 This book presents a somewhat different approach to understanding human evolution in the last 4-6 million years, and in particular, attempts to explain why homo sapien has one particularly oversized organ compared to most other organisms-ie our large brain.  In a nutshell, the author purports that hominid evolution has proceeded along a path that selected those who were capable of "maximising their options" in any given environment. Those who could maximise options were selected over those who were more constrained. This of course 'snowballed' to an increased capacity for "free will", reason, more varied behaviour, and ultimately shifted behaviour itself "away from biology" and into what we call "culture". The overall discussion also implies that hominid evolution is somewhat different to what normally occurs in the biological realm, primarily because in most cases an increase in brain size has never been as dramatic. The theory's strength is that it attempts to incorporate a number of complex issues and concepts such as "free will", and "creativity" into human evolution. There are varied dicussions on the theorys relevance to such things as the development of religion, morals and ethics, (or rather a capacity to construct them), genes and behaviour, 'emergance', consciousness, the 'heuristic process', 'hardwiring', brain anatomy, learning, intuition and judgement, hominid evolution and modern culture. But it's general weakness for me is that it still doesn't appear to explain why this particular expansive brain evolution of ours did not occur in other organisms. If "maximising options" was benefical, why only such a significant expansion in the brain of one species or line in the last 4.6 billion years? The author introduces ideas such as species 'saturation', radiation, and 'concatonation' in primates 4-6 million years ago to explain aspects of this conundrum, but I'm not sure if the WHY is ever answered. The theory 'assumes', but does not 'explain', at least for me. In this respect the 'theory' appears to be circular, and observational rather than explanatory. The style and content is OK, and contains a number of pertinent summaries and quotes from various evolutionary theorists. Another weakness though is the lack of diversionary anecdotal material- the style is technical rather than inspirational, more like a Nature science article than a Stephen Jay Gould approach.  One could also argue that he has put the cart pefore the horse-did "maximising options" maximise behavioral capacities, or did behavioural capacities maximise options?. There is a fair amount of semantical confusion in the book, at least for me, which seems to be be because the writer assumes direction in natural selection, although I could be wrong, the theory, as explained is a little bit semantically circular, methinks.  Nevertheless, it is an interesting angle, especially for those interested in questions and conundrums concerning the human brain, biology and culture, nature versus nurture, 'free will', and recent human evolution. In summary, I think the author has taken a certain angle of this complex brain of ours and its evolution, amongst many that could be taken, and expanded it into a book. Whether or not you should buy it amongst the myriad of scientific texts out there, for me, is 50/50. It's DIFFERENT, it's ideas are OK, but it is not the most eloquently written book around, (as many other reviewers have noted), and there are better books on the subject around, which are also at the cutting edge of brain research. In this general genre of brain science and evolution I would rather recommend: Mapping the Mind by Rita Carter.     