 Konrad Spindler should know what he is talking about. After all, he was in charge of the high-profile, no expense spared, scientific investigation of the fantastically fortuituous find of "the Iceman," found beneath a receeding glacier in the Austrian Alps in 1991.   Imagine you are Konrad Spindler(the author). An accomplished archaeologist, you are settling down to normal duties on an otherwise uneventful morning in a modest academic institution, you receive a call to view an "unusual corpse" found recently in the mountains, and then, after viewing a smorgasboard of 4,000 year old implements on a table in near pristine (for archaeologists) condition, and a full, well-preserved body of a long-dead ancient European, and saying coyley, in front of a few sceptical onlookers, "at least 4,000 years old, maybe older." The media, quite rightly, hit the roof with excitement, as did the university administration, the police, journalists from all over the world, tourists and the like. And, just as amazing as any of the events that transpired, necessary equipment for your department was delivered promptly, security of site and items was attained promptly and without argument, funding for research was granted immediately, and well trained archaeologists, scientists and faithful historians embarked on a well-funded, well-orchestrated, (if not well prepared) investigation into the "man in the ice," and his secrets. The stuff science is made of.   This is that story, faithully told by that archeologist, Konrad Spindler. It is excitingly and humurously written, and thoughtfully analyzed. The iceman had (has!) many secrets to tell, there was indeed many items and implemements that were recovered on his person, or nearby, from a time in European history (pre-Roman, pre-Greek, pre just about everybody), in which we had very little information at all. One item for example, a copper axe, is the only item of its kind from this time which survives to this day. And there are many other implements he was carrying, perhaps undertaking a long journey over the mountains? -- (which you will have to read for yourself).  A fascinating and insightful story of modern science, adventure and archaeology at its best. Described as arguably the archaeological find of the century, a must read for the interested layperson and scientist alike.     