 This book is mixed. It has some useful critique, and also highlights the need for constructive criticism against ANY scientific idea or 'revolution' (eg Kuhn and others), but it also has some rather reactionary, predictable and unenlightening counterpoints. Tension, doubt, and critique is good, knee-jerk reactionary resistance and selective patronising of humanly mistakes is unhelpful to all concerned. I was impressed with parts of this book. The argument against a narrow-minded understanding of change (subsitute 'species-change' or 'evolution') is perennial, and has not been resolved either in biology or physics. Is evolution gradualist, or punctuated, and does it make a difference anyway? Is one simply a variation of the other?. Is time granular or a continuum?. Is time multidimensional?. If so, and by corrollary, are species multi-dimensional and/or can they inherit multi-dimensional and/or 'splitting' mechanisms to deal with different and/or stressful environments? These ideas and their associated problems are not just confined to evolutionary biology, but also physics, history, and mathematics, amongst other disciplines. One highlight for me in the book therefore, was the bringing to mind these sorts of problems and their relevance to evolutionary analysis of mind. Ohter examples include: can some aspects of mind be selected by 'default', and emerge as advantageous in a differnt enviroment?. Are various aspects of culture and mind merely side effects of other selected mental mechanisms, or do they represent specific advantageous predispositions for specific environments. In the way that the book highlights possible alternative notions regarding evoltionary theory and change, and their relevance to an evolutionary analysis of mind, I was impressed. In the way that the book seemed in some instances to revert to outmoded notions that we are instrinsically and by definition separate to the animal kingdom, I found uninspiring. It is plainly obvious that this paradigm has been dying a long and strangling death in the last several hundered years at least. The question is asked, does our behaviour, and by association, our 'minds', have anything to do with our evolutionary past. And if so, what kind of reasons are there that people resist this idea, or the associated paradigm shift which seeks to pursue this.  The disappointment in this book for me is this, its' reactionary attempt to diminish analysis of the mind as something which is partly, largely, or entirely something which can be explained by evolutionary processes. It counterpoints selfish gene theory (personally poking Richard Dawkins-what do personal remarks possibly achieve?), genes and their influence in general (something that will be further studied with continuing genomic investigations of various organisms), 'sociobiology', 'instinct' (it's ok if applied to animals) and other notions. It cites instances or "religious-like" mentalities in the new paradigm (what if "religion" itself, in its various manifestations, has evolved, and is the way we are programmed to behave?). "Arguments against Evolutionary psychology". Sad. They may argue against specific ideas applied to specific instances, and the way human nature understands and or selectively exploits this, but not a paradigm shift which has obvious scientific basis. Such a move is destined to fail, and rightly so. The progress of scientific understanding is a re-analsysis of 'who we are' in the light of evolutionary theory-physically AND mentally. Sure, with any paradigm shift there are going to be mistakes, fanatics, free-riders, vested interests, and so on, but this is true of ANY change-scientific or otherwise-it does not follow that the paradigm is at fault because of this. The book would be better off in confining itself to constructive criticism and caution, and not knee-jerk partronising remarks regarding those all too humanly mistakes and derivations.   The tensions which remain are not whether or not this mind of ours has evolved, but to what level various forms of behaviour have direct phenotype and/or genotpye influence, and how this relates to the 'self' and the brains various learning, monitoring, processing and constructive modules. To leave wider evolutionary theory out of this is both childish and outmoded. I laud the books focus on caution and doubt, not its general censoring and reactionary approach to new ideas. The title of my review derives from Pascal -"you would not search for me, if you had not already found me". This is true of the notion that our behaviour is influenced by evolutionary processes, (something science has already discovered), and indeed such is the progress of all science within the human condition. By corollary is the opposite "you would not contend with me if you had not already decided against me". The book seems to have 'already decided', before the 'human jury'-the search for truth and enlightenment, or understanding if you prefer-is out.     