 Firstly, this book is very controversial. *Mr Lomborg's basic assertion, is that the state of the world, as a whole, and human life in general, is getting better, not worse, and that the alarmist claims of some environmentalists are exaggerated*.  Mr Lomborg is an expert in statistics, with a background in political science. A very readable and up to date overview of the human and environmental state of the world is presented, and includes:  a) Human welfare-life expectancy, infant mortality, infectious disease rates, food availability, dietary habits.  b) future human prosperity based on measurable trends-forest cover, energy resources, non-energy resources, water availability and quality. c) pollution issues-air, acid rain, indoor pollution, allergies and asthma, water pollution (eg Exxon Valdez and other oil spills), waste issues. d) Future issues-chemical, pesticides, cancer rates and causes, GM foods, biodiversity, extinction, global warming-causes and consequences.  The first 2 chapters concern discussion of the more common doomsday reports, the underlying assumptions upon which some of these are based, and the problems of a sensationalist-driven media. It is obvious from these initial discussions, and what is just common sense, that selective reporting and human politics pervades environmentalism as much as any other human activity. What Mr Lomborg tries to show, is that we need to channel peoples concerns and energies, as much as possible, into real priorities concerning the environment, and not rely on the doomsday theorists to frighten us by selective use of statistics, and thus clouding issues of prioritisation.  He presents longer term trends to show how human welfare is in some ways getting much better (infant mortality, illness decline, technological advance, increased wealth, life expectancy), however some or much of this is undoubtedly due to 'environmental' achievements (such as lower pollution, regulation of food and drugs). Many environmentalists of course contend that human prosperity is occurring at the great expense of the environment in general, however Mr Lomborg's general assertion is that this effect itself is declining, not increasing, even as humans increase-(eg due to better technology, more efficient use of resources, recycling, research, alternative materials, environmental priorities, etc).  One major concern in the book is that there seems to be little express acknowledgement that the committment, energy, and scientific concern that people genuinely concerned about the environment, misguided in some instances or not, have had on the very statistics which he presents. It is implied, but not expressly discussed. His assertion that biodiversity decline is real but grossly exaggerted is one of his more questionable assertions. He challenges the specialist biologists on this matter directly, and I think here, as in a few other cases, he is mistaken, claiming that extinction rates over the next 50 years are likely to be 'only' about 0.7%. It even seems that he uses weaknesses in his detractors arguments to support some of his assertions, eg that because we can't measure species decline in many small species for example, this means it is exaggerated. What also is not discussed, is whether some of the effects of this decline are overstated. Ecosystems are interconnected and fragile, but if a more benign species increases at the expense of a less benign species, is this desirable? Are selective pressures partially manageable?  Whilst he has made some very good points, especially with regards to human welfare (the past was never a 'golden age'), he does appear to have overstated his case with regards to more direct environmental issues (eg extinction, biodiversity, forest cover). It is important to stress that Mr Lomborg does some very good work in exposing some blatant and serious mistakes about environmental data (eg the claim that 40% of deaths are caused by pollution, that we woud run out of oil by 1992). In covering a range of difficult scientific specialities, no doubt he has made some factual errors. (I can see one with regard to my field of geology-there is no mention of the problem of rate of extraction of oil shale/tar sands). But the point is not trivial mistakes, but broad themes, are things getting worse or better?-well it really depends on what you are referring to.  Some people have pointed out that the material in this book will be used by those in power to further their own exploitative ends and/or maintain the status quo. Of course, unfortunately, this is true. But what this book is trying to explain, is that *these sorts of things also go on amongst those who have an active concern for the world*. It simply isn't always as obvious. Mr Lomborg, I hope, is not about undermining the passion of those who are actively concerned about this beautiful planet. What he is about, is targetting and setting this good energy where it needs to be, in informed decision making. People like to see things in relative terms-the glass is "half full" or "half empty", but really without proper use of statistics and a good understanding of that great leveller-time-we often can't see what is 'relatively' going on. That is what this book is about-what we need to chose to do, what to prioritise, what to use and what to save-natures cup, not constraining human delusions.     