 This book concerns an exceptionally interesting and important topic-"island biogeography"-which can teach most of us continental types a thing or two. The nature, origin and distribution of island flora and fauna reveals scientific wonders and beauty that only those who've studied or actually been to remote and idyllic islands, can know and appreciate. If you don't have time to traverse wild remote islands and undertake a detailed study of their biota on your own to find scientific wonders that can scarcely be imagined, this book provides an easier alternative-a summary of the biological goings-on in these remote places, and the scientific discussions and arguments which surround them. And like many other aspects of things beautiful on the surface, there is another side- a side ancient, deep, and dark. Quamman's book details much of the natural history of island life, and the history of their study, including the various players such as Wallace, Darwin, Wilson, Macarthur and others. The Theory of Island Biogeography (1968), much quoted in the text, is an excellent work, published in the 1960s by Macarthur and Wilson, and which still has much relevance to discussions on evoltionary theory today. Interested readers might like to peruse it, as I have done. There are discussions on most of the remote islands of the world such as Madagascar, New Guinea, Bali, New Zealand (could have been more detailed -Mr Quamman!), Australia (again, not his most studied area I am afraid to say, being an Australian myself), Maurituis, Aldabra, and so on. The significance and discovery of the Wallace Line is discussed in detail, along with that poorly recognised and forgotten naturalist-Wallace himself. He didn't mention much about 'herbaceous woodinesss', (which is apoint I think is rather significant), but there is much about the so-called 'ecological unravelling' as related to habitat fragmentation, area-species relationships, dispersal, tameness (what he called naiviete), radiation, divergance and convergance, dwarfism, gigantism, founder effects, punctuated equilibrium (accept the broiling for now-it's good for science), and so on.  All the evolutionary theory you'd ever want goes on unmasked on remote isolated islands-if only people knew. One criticism is that the book is at times long winded, I found it easier to skip over some topics I wasn't all that interested in (eg Guam, and others)-I suggest readers pick for themselves which areas they want to read about. Another criticism is that there should be more pictures-biology is a visually profound science! Who knows what a thylacine or a spotted quoll really looks like?  When I was at university I had the pleasure of attending a course on island biogeography by a naturalist who had spent many years traversing and cavorting across most of the worlds most remote islands. It was the most invigorating course I ever attended. What goes on 'out there', is a window into what goes on here, on bigger land masses, as Darwin, Wallace and others discovered. Not only that, they are beautiful places to boot.  Read it and wonder for yourself.     