 Three things one should say about this book:  1) It is really only for the die-hard Tolkien fans. It's long, complicated, intricate, and written more like a historical/mythical geneology, than a novel. There are many people who manage to get through The Lord of the Rings, but not this book, which is written in a very different style.  2), However, if your are one of those diehards-like myself-you'll love it.  3) The illustrated edition by Tolkien artist Ted Nasmith, is probably the best edition to get.  It is divided into 4 sections.  1) The Creation of Arda-(ie the world)-being the time before the "First Age";  2) The "Quenta Silmarillion"- which is essesntially the "First Age" of "Middle Earth";  3) The "Second Age" including the "Alkallabeth"-whhich is the Downfall Of Numenor and  4) "Of the Rings of Power and The Third Age" (ie a background to the Lord of the Rings).  It is really a prequel to the Hobbit and the Lord of the Rings, upon which much of their material is based. Viewers of the recent "Lord of the Rings" movies will learn more about Balrogs, for example and their origins, wizards, orcs, the seeing stones, and Sauron's original master-Melkor of the Valar-the Ainu, or "Gods" to men. Elrond, and his ancestors, where Gandalf comes from, the origin of dwarves, elves, men and others, are all there. 4 of the main stories include: 1) the ancient elvish race of the Noldor, attempting to get back their Silmarils-beautiful light giving gems-from Melkor who stole them, 2)the tale of Beren and Luthien who fall in love and get back one of these Silmarils, and 3) the tale of Turin Turumbar who destroys the first and mightiest dragon, but is also caught in the corruption and doom of the Noldor, who become accursed in their greed to retain the Silmarils.  4) Another major story is the Alkallabeth which describes the origin of Aragorn's race in Middle Earth, coming from an Island Kingdom -Numenor-destroyed by the Valar (Gods) because of their ultimate corruption by Sauron.  J.R.R.Tolkien wrote these books well before he wrote the Lord of the Rings, mostly for his own benefit, since he saw little hope for their gaining popularity in general. After the "Lord of the Rings" was a success, The Silmarillion was published, (after his death), to which the Lord of the Rings looks back in time. It is highly mythic, with grandeur and romantic elegance, for those interested in the deeper and ancient things of Middle Earth. In many ways it is deeper and more mythic than even the Lord of the Rings, but it is not an easy book to read. It certainly has a romantic- poetic-even religious flavour to it, which gives solace to the spirit. Read it if you're keen on all things Tolkien, otherwise many try, but get lost half way through.  One point to note is that Mr Tolkien, being a classical linguistic scholar, borrowed much of his material from the ancient myths of ancient Europe-the Norse, the Celts, the Vikings, even the Greeks in part etc, so an alternative to these narratives of Tolkien is to read some of the ancient myths of these cultures themself, upon which many of his ideas are based. Some of these aren't too bad to reasearch-think of some of the ancient Greek myths made into some Hollywood movies- eg Jason and the Argonauts, the Golden Fleece, or the Rings Saga of the Vikings and Germanic tribes- which Wagner elucidated. What many of these ancient myths have in common is an understanding of deeper human nature, upon which much of our modern society(s) stems. "The Silmarillion" is no different. Good luck.     