 I am going to go against the grain with this one. There are many other reviews of the exact details of the plot, so I'll just make a few comments as to why I think the book is limited in its overall social value, particularly in its assumptions about human nature.  Whilst it may be true that the book serves as an educational warning against totalitarian thinking and so on, and while yes it is well written and widely regarded as a classic, I personally thought this book far too limited in its perspective of how human nature and society interact to justify its solid reputation.  It is, in a nutshell, a very absorbing but deeply fatalistic analysis of political totalitarianism. The trouble is, is that this fatalistic perpsective is such a limited a picture of how people actually think, and how society actually functions, as to become self defeating. A large assumption pervades the book- human nature and society is largely fluid and 'infinitely malleable'. This so- called malleability, of course can be co-opted by psychopaths/etc into various forms of totalitarianism. But this process, of couse, is not inevitable, nor is it as pervasive a social process as Mr Orwell seems to think. In a nutshell, the books assumes that human nature, and biological forces in general, do not play a large part in society and politics. The problem here is that Mr Orwell creates a world in this book that transcends the relationship between socio-politics and human nature, in much the same way political ideology and totalitarian thinking does. It serves little purpose, for example, in analysing totalitarianism by committing, in turn, the same mistake totalitarians make-exaggeration and over-simplification.  The books general negativity is rooted in the same political ideologies it is trying to expose and warn against. It fails to appreciate the nature of the underlying biological forces which shape, and are co-opted by political forces. For example, the moralisitic fallacy is wrong because what "ought", to be is not necasarilly what "is", which is a strong subtext in the views of both the resistance('brotherhood') and power brokers in this book.  To gain a different perpsective, to that generally assumed by Mr Orwell, and to show why 1984 could only ever be a passing socio-political fad, I would recommend The Blank Slate by Steven Pinker. Societies do undergo revolutionary cultural transitions, and yes, these often become co-opted by psychopaths and dictators as a social system (often under the notion of 'the Blank Slate', together with the 'moralistic fallacy'), but these social systems inevitably fail and subside-primarily because of the grounding of human nature.     