 Estimating unknown resources, particularly in sensitive political climates and in other cultures, is a very precarious exercise.  There are several main weaknesses in the contention by oil expert Mr Deffeyes that world oil production will peak around 2005, and decline somewhat quickly thereafter. 'Hubbert's Peak' refers to a prediction made by a Mr M.K Hubbert in 1956 that peak US oil production would occur in the early 1970s, which turned out to be correct, supposedly dismissed at the time by both government and industry (his historical analysis may be a little rose-coloured here). He has then applied this experience to estimate the timing of peak world oil production. However, the rest of the world is not the US, and the correlation may not be as simplistic as he suggests. For example, the US is the most drilled oil-producing country in the world, increasing both the chance of discovery and recovery of oil, and also both the maturity and reliability of resource figures. Both the timing and level of exploration is significant here, there were few cultural and environmental restrictions on oil exploration in the US in the first half of the 20 century, and alternative sources were not being investigated. (Some countries simply weren't looking for it). This is one reason I think he has under-estimated ultimately recoverable world oil reserves. It might seem a simple mistake for one quite experienced in the field, but I think such a mistake may be easier to see from one looking at the US experience from the outside.  Most importantly, this book candidly admits to ignoring nearly all large increases in official estimates of oil reserves from OPEC countries announced in the 1980s (p157), assuming they are politically motivated and therefore entirely spurious (eg Iraq's official reserves have sat at a constant 100 billion barrels since the the 1980s, although production has remained high). He dismisses the increases mostly on the basis that there has been little or no exploration to justify them. He doesn't seem to note of course that they were probably well under-estimated in the first place. One could also argue, that since there has been so little exploration, there is much more also to be found. Again, I think his mistake here is essentially cultural-he assumes too many parallels with the US experience.   He also dismisses USGS figures (ie US government estimates) on ultimate recoverable world oil, far too quickly. USGS ultimate recoverable world oil resources are about 1.5 times higher than his figures (p157). Why the discrepancy? One reason is technologically-improved recovery from known oil fields, which he doesn't seem to even mention. Secondly, I personally think that he allows too much personal prejudice of the USGS to colour his thinking. I have done resource analysis for government, (although not in oil, but in metals) and I have repeatedly been surprised at how quickly and easily some people dismiss government estimates, even when I know I had better access to resource figures than they did. Some people occasionally become selective in pointing out past government errors, whilst at the same failing to acknowledge industry errors.  He also has made virtually no concession at all on oil shale, or tar sands, based solely on 20th century experience. He states that oil shale is simply not competitive with the conventional oil price of $US25 barrel (p170), and that seems to be his entire argument. What he fails to even discuss is that with reduced competition from conventional oil, the economics of oil shales changes substantially. Oil shales contain far more oil than all the oil that has so far been produced (one estimate is 242 times conventional oil resources), although not nearly as economically recoverable, true, but his failure to address or properly discuss these resources is telling, especially as regards a potential slow decline after peak oil production.  Although I think there are a number of errors and also some cultural bias in his argument, at the end of the day world oil production WILL peak. In defence of the book, there are some quite interesting side-stories and anecdotes of the oil industry, making it easy to read, with plenty of geological discussion (eg how oil forms, how oil companies explore, major discoveries etc). However, in the light of the above and other similar weaknesses, I would push the peak of oil production out a bit further than his 2004-2008 (say, 2015 or later, but really this is still a guess), based largely on the unknown size of Middle East resources, which he has too easily dismissed. And, as pointed out by other reviewers, for various reasons (eg political, oil shales, undiscovered resources, social, cultural) the subsequent decline is not necessarily going to be as rapid as the rise in production during the 20th century, as even his crudest figures might suggest (eg his Figure on page 136 on coal production in Philadelphia- which shows a haphazard decline due to social reasons).  One final point, I think the book is mistitled- "Hubbert's peak, the impending world oil shortage". I prefer to think positively-"Hubbert's peak, an era of new opportunity for humankind". Bicycles, conservative use of both oil and cars, renewable energies- I'm personally looking forward to it. But I doubt, on even my crude analysis of his figures, that a major decline in world oil production will start to happen for a few decades or more yet. Of course there may well be some social instability in the interim, but this may also be reduced in various ways, *especially if the decline after peak world oil production is gradual*, as many people think. (eg Lomborg's very good book 'the Skeptical Environmentalist' provides a summary of the optimistic viewpoint, although I think he tends to over-estimate world oil reserves). At any rate, people will adapt, they always have.     