 Firstly, as someone with only a superficial knowledge of astrophysics, I don't feel qualified enough to comment on many of the details of this book. My nagging suspicions are based on comments like "it is impossible for the Big Bang theory to be wrong", and the 'theory of everything' mentality of some modern physicists. (People in 1,000 years may look back at these sorts of comments and laugh). There isn't even a theory and/or set of equations yet known which adequately explain non-locality, `instantaneous effects' and various other aspects of quantum physics, and until there is, it seems obvious to me (at least as an independent observer) that there is probably not going to be an adequate `theory of everything', either. Maybe the answer(s) is not anything like mathematics, (which only partially models reality), but in something else altogether. Unified, simple theories provide simple answers to the populace, but `simple answers' is not necessarily how the universe operates. In the presence of unexplained data (eg proven instantaneous effects between particles), politics can seep in, and politics can sometimes mean oversimplification. The `Big Bang' may just be an example of this, or alternatively, it may just be premature. It must also be remembered that the 'Big Bang' theory was very much in doubt in the first half of the twentieth century, including from Einstein himself, before it gradually gained more consensus. These are the kinds of issues which attracted me to this book.  Mr Lerner is a plasma physicist who discusses the historical development of the Big Bang theory with a skeptical eye. He argues that his particular field has been virtually ignored from various debates in astrophysics, and some of the findings within plasma physics which he details suggest other interpretations of the origin and nature of the universe than is currently the mainstream.   He provides some intriguing alternative ideas concerning the background radiation, the red shift, the chemical makeup of the universe, quasars and dark matter, to take just a few examples. He points out that the 'Big Bang' theory is based on several strings of evidence which do not appear to be the only possible explanations, in particular the microwave background radiation. He also places particular emphasis on issues concerning galaxy superclusters, and within galaxies themselves (including the assumption of `dark matter' to fill a hole in the Big Bang model), which were not predicted by the model of the Big Bang.   Mr Lerners' discussion does not contradict much of what we know in the universe-its great age, its enormous size, and so on. But he suggests that if anything, it may be very much older than the model of the Big Bang suggests-how old we just don't know. The book is by now dated, but I found it useful in highlighting alternative ideas and historical developments, from someone with knowledge and research to back up his assertions.   A book for the open minded, and if you here mainstream physicists saying some silly things.     