 This is a worthwhile read. It details the effect of European expansion on Pacific cultures, and the southern hemisphere in general. It is divided into three parts- 1) Tahiti, which chronicles the successive voyages of Captain Cook and later explorers, and their effects on the supposed 'Noble Savage' existance (not altogether noble when Captain Cook attended a human sacrifice, for example). A detailed discussion is made of the way of life of the Tahitians before the arrival of Europeans, which is revealing and refreshing. It wasn't altogether noble, but there were many aspects of societal and family arrangements, which was envied by the Europeans. 2) Australia, and the effect on the aborigines-especially the Tasmanians. A good discussion is made of aboriginal culture here also, and finally  3) the Antarctic, and the effect Cooks' search for the elusive southern continent had on the abundance of whales and wildlife which he saw, decimated from 1790 onwards.  The title sums it up-the effects of exploration and expansion was devastating. Introduced diseases, misguided missionaries, imposition of inappropriate culture, alcohol-without the attendant level of acquired tolerance, one-sided treaties, indiscriminate slaughter of wildlife such as whales and seals, and so on. Painters such as Ganguin try to capture the loss of spirit of the Tahitians for example, after having their life and culture withered away, and the arguments for and against the 'noble savage' existance are revealing. This was the time of Rouseau, Diderot, and the French Revolution, and there were many myths propagated in Europe about the southern seas. Island paradise, or voyage of the damned? It is *very well written*, balanced and refreshing-something often lacking in similar texts. (Never under-estimate what a good writer can do with a good story, and what a bad writer can do to a good story). Also, the best edition is definitely the illustrated version-with a number of paintings from Ganguin and others, and original sketches from those who travelled on the voyages of exploration themselves etc-these add much to the text, and it is recommended one search around to get the colour illustrated edition.  It is suprisingly and refreshingly good.     