 This is my all-time favourite CD. I'd like to rattle off a few thoughts on this music, as it has inspired me so much,  particularly during some travelling to some remote places.  It may be described as 'New Age', but that doesnt mean its all esoteric and 'way out there', Enigma do attempt to find a balance between the mystical, the unexplored, and the hoped-for, (all typical in New Age music), with stark realism and practical humanity. In some of their singles for example, stark realism (eg 'principles of lust') is, in fact, the thrust of the music. Another single is entitled 'Ill love you Ill kill you' (which I think many people, particularly in long term relationships, can relate to!.). In others you might get more of the purely creative and the mysterious. Really good music, like much good art, attempts to find a balance between the real and the imagined/possible. Good 'New Age music', so to speak, is no different.   My favourite singles are Landing, Gravity of Love, Ill love you Ill kill you, and Age of Loneliness, but all of them are good. I generally try to resist dissecting music, as it is like 'measuring poetry' (from the famous scene in the film 'the Dead Poets Society'), but this could be described as the type of music for the lonely traveller, the always-dreamer, and the lover of all the world's sheer variety, possibility and beauty.  I'll always remember listening to this haunting music whilst surfing remote beaches alone in Peru, or wandering lonely neighbourhoods in downtown Buenos Ares, or watching the Chilean desert go by from the bus window, or seeing young children play on the side of the road in Brazil, as these were the places I was travelling when I bought this music in South America, but it is not particularly South American. It's more exotic and mysterious, along with stark and confronting, which IS South America, along with alot of other places, (and people for that matter!).  And just one more passing reference to 'New age music', of which I suppose this is, and of which I am a fan, 'New Age', as defined generally, has ALWAYS been around, there is nothing really 'new' about it. It may be put simply as the belief that the world can become a better place, particularly through the hearts of those who believe, in the social conText at least, virtually anything is possible, and through those who have the imagination and creativity to achieve it.      