 I'll get straight to the point. As an animated (cartoon) rendition of the Lord of the Rings, it has its good points, and bad points. The good side is the artistic rendition of most of the scenes from the novel, albeit in animated form, including a faithful depiction of many of the characters. It's really something very much like "the Lion King"-animated, colourful, and fun. The bad is that it stopped about half-way through (at Helms Deep), and the makers never had the money or the will to finish it. Also, it has what is called 'rotoscoping'-combining real-life figures with the animated. Some people don't think much of this, as it creates a rather confusing mix of cartoon characters and human outlines, that can be destracting.  In its day it was a reasonable commercial success. There are many aspects that are charming and artistic, and some of the renditions of various places and characters really aren't too bad. The Black Riders for example, have deep red eyes, giving them a demonic-like appearance, which works quite well in cartoon form, and most of the leading characters are faithfully depicted. One of the better scenes is perhaps the Flight to the Ford which in this version, like in the book, Frodo is chased alone by the Black Riders. Frodo here borders on the ghostly wraith world, with alternative dream-like sequences, and voices in the ring world being harsh, echoing and clear, and vision and senses heightened.  In this version, Legolas replaces Arwen as the elf sent to help Frodo (who in turn replaces Glorfindel in the book), and, as in the 2001 version, there is no Tom Bombadil, Old Forest, or Barrow Wights. But the changes to the book are relatively few overall, most are just abbreviated. Gandalf is rather more lordly and perhaps more arrogant and aloof than in the 2001 film, Saruman is quite similar. Rivendell is short but charming, but Lothlorien is very truncated in the 1978 version, even more so than than in the 2001 film.  Compared to the 2001/2/3 films one just doesn't get the grandeur and majesty of such things as real mountains, canyons and human characters, and so it can never match it. But overall it is entertaining and fun, if you don't expect too much. Most Tolkien fans will probably have it in their collection.     