 My how things change from the 1960s to the 1990s! The boards are smaller, the fashions more elaborate, the girls-well they are still sexy- and seem to have reduced their clothing somewhat-and the waves have gotten bigger, meaner and hollower. Something else has also changed in surfing-money. There is plenty of it here-surf boats, surf camps, professional surfers (what are they?, -I hear the voices of the 1960s echo- Getting paid to surf?, surely not!), and charter planes. Well, the film was well financed, but the average surfers these days have more of these options as well. In Endless Summer 2, places visited in the original 1966 film include only a few: eg South Africa-Cape St Francis, and West Africa-except that its Elands Bay this time and Namibia, not the Ivory Coast area and Senegal(?), as in the 1966 film. Most of the places are, however, new ones, as the best surf spots in the world have mostly been discovered since the original film was made.  In this film we get to see good quality surf in: Fiji (Tavarua and Restaurants), Indonesia (Grajagan of course), Hawaii, Elands Bay and J-Bay (very good 6 foot surf), and Cape St Francis (all South Africa), (note: if you are ever in South Africa don't miss Kitchen Windows (in my experience its under-rated) and 'Jungenfentein' (or something like that)), several in Central America (I'm not familiar with these spots, but they are near Panama I think). They also go to France and Australia, but the surf doesn't oblige when they did the filming in these two places.  It is particularly a pity for the Australian segment, where they didn't get much surf, as they went to some of the best surf spots in Australia on the north coast of NSW (eg Lennox, Angourie, Cabarita, Broken Head), and southern Queensland (eg Snapper, Burleigh, Kirra). (The last 3 times I have been to these areas I have got 6 foot surf each time-must have been lucky).  Overall a fun and interesting expose of world surf culture in the 1990s, with some of the better-known world surf spots, and a bit of humour and some very good quality surf thrown in, especially at Grajagan (G-land), Tavarua, and my favourite-J-Bay.     