 For those who believe in orthodox evolutionary theory, this book is not as bad as might first appear. For those who reject evolutionary theory altogether, this isn't the manifesto you are looking for.  The book is  wrongly titled, it should be called-"Some serious objections to  current evolutionary thinking". Whether or not you agree with the  overall conclusions of Mr Denton, there is nothing wrong with questioning  established theories, dogma etc, especially if one feels they have evidence  enough to write a book. The very notion of the books attempted balance  between extremes gives the author, and the book, some credit.    The  author is well read, writes eloquently, intelligently, and with obviously  considerable background thought. The book has value in raising valid points  concerning "orthodox" evolutionary theory, science, human nature,  and the nature of objective thinking in general. It should be noted by  those confused with the title that he doesn't reject evolutionary theory  altogether, but he does reject much of what so-called "orthodox"  evolutionary theorists believe.  For those who a know a little about  evolutionary theory there are a few rather unorthodox ideas. Where Mr  Denton stands on many issues is not as easy to follow as one might think.   He is strong on the old idea of "forms" in biology, and in this  way he is distinctly non-"postmodern". But curiously enough, he  goes to great lengths to draw attention to the non-testability of aspects  of evolutionary theory, and the dangers and assumptions that are associated  with such non-testability, and in this regard he is indeed quite  "postmodern". He divides original Darwinian theory into 2  theories- what he calls "macro" and "micro" evolution.  His basic assertion is that while there is ample evidence to conclude that  species transmutation occurs at what he calls the "micro"  evolutionary level, (ie species emerge from previously existing species)  his fundamental thesis is that there is little or no evidence for evolution  at the "macro" level (in a nutshell-they can only change to a  certain 'degree', and have a tendency to 'types' or 'forms'-something  distinctly Platonic in approach). This approach is, in my view, useful in  bringing attention to the inference and deduction that is required in  understanding the very nature of the theory, and amply illustrates his  overall failure to do just these things. In a nutshell, he is not a  "big picture" thinker. At least that is how I interpret some of  his rather unorthodox ideas, which despite initial appearances are not  always easy to disentangle. For example, while he doesn't think there is  much evidence for appropriate mechanisms to explain species transmutation  at the present time (a rather unorthodox view), he does think it possible  that in the future mechanisms will be discovered which cast a far better  light on transmutation processes than is currently known (an orthodox and  rather obvious view). He rejects strict creationism, believes species  evolve, but doesn't understand all of how evolution occurs. (Join the  club). In conclusion, he is not at all sure whether we have in fact  evolved, at the very least not in the way current evolutionary theory  thinks we have. Despite all this, the book is actually well written and  researched.   Overall his conclusions, in my opinion, reveal an inability  to extrapolate, deduce, and infer. In his overall skepticism he  misinterprets the historical development of evolutionary theory, including  Darwins personal views, he fails to see the contribution of other  disciplines, but he does draw attention, in part unintentionally, to such  things as speculation, inference, deduction, dogma, and the role and place  of such things in both scientific theory and the human mind. For those  scientists who mostly understand but dislike philosophy, best to skip this  one, because although he doesn't discuss philosophy directly, that is what  this book is about. For those who don't understand much about philosophy  you won't learn much about it here.     