 This book is not an easy book to review. The subject matter- that of the perennial and arguable debate between religion and science-strikes deep within the human pysche. (Of course there are some who argue that there is no debate between the two, but that itself is what this book professes-that "religion" which sets itself againsts science is, in fact, not religion, but something else altogether). The book is essentially about one scientists (a geologist) experiences with some extremist religious groups. Peculiar yes, but nevertheless intriguing.  There exists in our society, whether good or ill, what is called "creation scientists"-those who argue for a change in educational policies and directions regarding science, and a return to "Biblical foundations", as provided by some forms of literal interpretations of some parts of the Bible. This book is basically about scientists, by accident almost, encountering the methods and lifestyles of such people. The book, if you might have gleaned thus far, is a little peculiar. "Rationalism ecnountering "religious extremism". Be prepared for some emotive arguments, and some rather peculiar thinking and debates-from both sides, about matters and historical processes that is plain, most people do not understand. In my view, the value in this book is that it attempts to take on an extremist form of thinking squarely;- there isn't too many examples of this in our "tolerant" world. "Tolerance" of course has two sides-it can invite deception and exploitation, especially of the young. This book seeks to warn readers of not only cultic mentalities and their agendas, but also subterannean battles within both society and the human psyche, much of course which has already been fought in western history. In some ways then, this book is about the past, and how some forms of "religion" became, and become, perverted.  To me the book is more inspiring in its anecdotal matter-great stories, but is perhaps a little weak on substance. Some have said that the book is written in a style that is itself extremist and emotive, but in fairness the author maintains that this is largely the point-to fight extremist thinking it is sometimes necassary to be extremist in opposition. I'll let readers be the judge. For those readers who know a little about geology and are interested in the field, it provides a good overview of general principles. The author is a geologist with many years field experience, and it is a useful text for those interested in this field, especially those interested in alternative arguments to "creation science", from a geological perspective. As an aside there is also some humour-those who organise expeditions to find Noahs Ark on Mount Ararat, for example. But this becomes less funny when they return home and claim, fraudulently or by simple self-deception, that they have in fact found the 'lost Ark'.  For those who wish to know a little about "religion", it provides less substance. It is not a book which seeks to explain religion. Nevertheless it does highlight what goes in some forms of religion, which most people simply aren't aware of. For those who want to learn more about human nature, this book does provide just a small window, albeit a rather unusual one.     