 One word: OUTSTANDING. I read this book over two nights, couldn't put it down, and afterwards was eagerly searching for more of the same. Science at it's best-accurate, timely, well-argued, emotionally and mentally  invigorating, spiritually uplifting; and filled with boundless enthusiasm  and hope. Like the author, Carl Sagan himself.  This book describes the  'scientific journey'. Alternately curious, cautious, inquiring, uplifting,  compassionate, humane, warning, discovering and fulfilling. Topics include  UFOs, alien abductions, witches, religion-both good and bad, Roswell,  frauds, scientific genuises, skeptical thinking, wishful thinking,  deceptive thinking, balanced thinking, belief, superstition, astrology,  ESP, myth, and the like; and the role and place of science and scientific  inquiry in all of this. For those who think science "destroys"  spirituality-does not scientific inquiry with its' abundant curiosity and  courageous endeavour accurately describe a spiritual journey to find the  truth? Sagan contends, with great clarity and enthusiasm, that it assuredly  does. It's just that this scientific journey is not an easy one, neither  for the individual, nor humanity, by any means. But when has the attempt to  find "truth" and "light" in this complex world of ours,  ever been easy? Sagan argues that science and the scientific method is a  noble and enlightening endeavour, an unquenchable candle, lit by the human  yearning for truth, and able to steer humanity towards truth and goodwill  in a world of mists, shadowy truths, and darkness.  For those who wish to  open their minds to science and what it has to say about much that goes in  this beautiful, yet sometimes dark world of ours, this is the book for you.   This great book (Sagan's last) is a fitting testament to a great man of  science. Sagan, who passed away recently, was one of the great   communicators of science, and this book is considered by many to be his  best.  Reading it was something I'll always cherish.     