 There is a type of stone which, when polished, refracts more light than other stones. All the world wonders about it.  This is an interesting overview of diamond history and business. It details the history of humankind's fascination with one of the rarest of gems-the carbon tetrahedron. From the jungles of South America, to Canada's arctic north, to the Siberian tundra, to South and Central Africa, to the west coast of Africa, the Australian outback and elsewhere humans have searched for the mother lode-the diamond kimberlite/lamproite pipe-one of the rarest of geological formations, but also one of the richest of treasures-many billions of dollars worth in the richest pipes. And of course, where there is money, there is every breed of deceit, vulgarity and excess. In Africa, (and elsewhere), many have died from civil wars or have been murdered from the lust which seems to spring from this crystal refraction. The major players are outlined-eg DeBeers, BHP, and a long list of wily rogues and speculators who make and break their fortune on the flippancy of billion year old crustal pressure distribution. The process of diamond formation is described- from the formation of kimberlitic/lamproitic magma deep within the earth, to their eruptive surface craters, which are, incidentally, quite rare in geological time.  Diamond indicators -purple 'G10' garnets, and green diopsides-indicate to geologists where diamonds may be found. Kids played with shiny bright stones, and diamonds could be picked out of the walls of brick farmhouses in 19th century South Africa, before the fantastically rich Kimberly and Premier pipes were found. Mine managers laughed when thousand-carat gems landed on their table, and threw them out the window in disbelief. Millions had also been washed down to the African Atlantic coast, where they are trawled today for considerable profit, the sea washing away the weaker gems and producing a high proportion of better gems. From the diamond mines of South Africa rose Cecil Rhodes, the 3,106 carat Cullinen gem, Ernest Oppenhemier, and De Beers, along with substantial wealth, slavery and a good deal of imperialist oppression. (J. Reader contends in "Africa-biography of a continent", that the strongly segregated capital-labour relations of the gold and gem mines of South Africa formed a precursor to Apartheid).  Grade, shape, size and impurities within diamonds determine their prices, but it is not clear whether the finders always benefit, the money passes up the chain from the worker's mud and slime to the corporate mud and slime, and finally into what most people see-sparkles in shiny glass shop-cases.  Some of the stories related to diamond stealing are worth a mention. In Namibia they would tie diamonds to pigeon feet and accomplaces would retrieve them from bird nests, high in the trees outside a diamond camp. Diamond-laden arrows would be shot over fences, until the time one hit a security truck patrolling the camp. Bodily orifices act like built-in security codes, unless you have the inclination for that kind of investigation. Re-sorted batches would be dispatched slightly lighter than the initial dispatch, since re-sorting is apparently not the same thing as initial sorting, at least not to some accountants, and to some dispatching managers (Australia). Decimal points and the significance of significant figures was lost in some London sorting houses, where mathematical finesse slumbered. Russian entrepenurial dealers enjoyed a game of re-distributing Russian diamond wealth after the breakup of Russian political wealth. Civil wars in recent years have been fought in Africa over shiny stones- where they are, who owns them, who finds them, who sells them and and who owns those who sell them. Coroporate business is fought elsewhere over the same pieces of stone.  It's not all exploitation and corruption of course. Legitimate finds have made people and nations wealthy, particularly in Botswana, Australia and elsewhere. Lustrous gems have long been a symbol for commitment, love, and financial, personal and emotional investment, and have facilitated 'tying the knot', (rightly or wrongly) for millions, since time immemorial.  In the book a quote is given that the entire diamond business rests on two supports-vanity and greed, in which the human race could be relied upon for a steady supply of both. This is not entirely true. There is also love, in which a steady supply, is also assured. And so the show goes on, but not without purpose or merit. She (or he) might love one more if only one could show her (or him) that refractory sparkle. A piece of glass might also do a similar thing, which too many, to their dismay, have paid good money for.     