 This 1963 version of Golding's Nobel prize winning novel has stood the test of time, and comes through with flying colours. It has been widely acknowledged as capturing the great depth and substance of the highly acclaimed book. Definitely one for your movie collection, to keep for years to come. The story is simple yet profound. An airplane with a group of schoolboys crash lands on a beautiful remote tropical island, with the only survivors not more than 10 or so years old, and some as young as 4 or 5. Nobody knows exactly where they are, so their chance of rescue whilst real, but not great. They have to find food, shelter, a level of organisation, and direction. Simple, or is it? What do young people really think about, away form their teachers and parents? How would they cope with such a situation? What kind of things can go wrong in such an environment? There are no TV viewer's voting system, no edited TV shows, just Nature and young, vibrant children. What do you think would happen in such a situation? Would they all behave, or would they fight each other? How would they cope with such simple things as feeding themselves, and organising their priorities? Would the older boys bully the younger, and what would they do to try to deal with this? You'll have to see the film for yourself to find out.  The film touches on notions of religion, fear, superstition, government, science, knowledge, and tribalism- to mention just a few. Chance and accident play a large part in the development of the story. Golding wrote the book on which this movie is based, in one sense as a parody of the book "the Coral Island", which describes a somewhat different set of outcomes as to what would transpire in such a situation. Interested viewers/readers might like to research the latter for alternative notions regarding human nature and co-operation.  The film is to say the least, very well done. The characters are very true to the book (and life), the images and scenery exquisite, the film's direction simple on the surface, but delicately contrived.     