 This is a difficult book to review, because the ideas expressed are difficult either to ingest, digest, or even excrete. We're dealing with the etheral world of consciousness here, and while a a scientific analysis of  this world is to be encouraged, one needs to be careful just what kind of  conclusions we come to.  Dawkins' idea that there exists a very real but  etheral entity called memes, which are basically ideas passed from one  person to another, and which exist as virus-like entities within human  minds is a good one. The inference therefore that they are subject to  forces of natural selection in the same way that physical traits are, and  that they play a significant role in cultural determination and brain/mind  evolution is also a very good idea, and one worthy of detailed  investigation. This book is a good and timely examination of these ideas.   BUT, and this is a big BUT. My one concern with this book is this. Ms  Blackmore seems on preliminiary inspection to have taken this idea of memes  too far to entirely account for cultural and/or human mind/brain evolution.  Time may prove this view otherwise, but it is a common indictement on  science and human nature, (with the notable exception of Mr Darwins theory  of evolution), that useful ideas are used to take a simplistic view of  human nature, they become bookend or pigeon-hole caterogorisations, which  are then used to explain just about everthing. What Ms Blackmore should  perhaps remember, as she is no doubt aware, is that human nature (for want  of a better word) is not easily pigeon-holed. I don't think everything  about culture and/or the mind, at this preliminiary stage of memetic  investigation, so to speak, is determined by this very useful idea of Mr  Dawkins. Just how much our minds, and our physical brains, both in their  present and developmental (or evolutionary) sense, are influenced and/or  controlled by etheral entities, and how much they are influenced by as yet  unknown mechanisms, instincts, in-born predispositions and tendancies, and  other selective forces within our conscious universe, is something to bear  in mind.   Overall a thoroughly worthwhile analysis of this very useful  stream called memetic science, but one which needs to be ingested mindful  of historical precincts to be able to appreciate its fulsome flavour, and  to not be taken with either too little, or too much, of that  flavour-inducing spice we call salt.     