 This book attempts to answer a question -why is it that the human population of Africa had risen to just 47 million by AD 1500, whilst the out of Africa population, (starting out as perhaps 100 from 100,000 years ago), had reached 300 million? (p3). What is it about Africa which makes things difficult for modern humans, even though we (very likely) originated there? The books starts, where it should, with geology. It is a very ancient and varied landmass, also containing some of the world's richest deposits of gold, platinum, palladium, chromium, gold and diamonds, which have driven many economies of modern Africa. It collided with Eurasia about 30 million years ago (Ma), and it is possible that primates entered Africa from Eurasia and North America, as no primates older than 35Ma have been found in Africa, but are abundant between 65-40Ma ago in North America and Europe (p31). Africa has had more of its land surface covered with tropical forest, for a longer period, than any other part of the globe (p35). The forests have also shifted markedly across lattitudinal zones over time. A string of primate species found in Africa are detailed- Aegyptopithecus (35Ma), Proconsul (17Ma), Kenyapithicus (15Ma), Australopithicus (4Ma). Unfortunately, there is a stratigraphical and corresponding fossil gap between 15-4Ma, meaning our deeper origins are obscured. Between 14-4 Ma only about 0.1% of the continent are rocks of this age, with the best example being the Tugen Hills in Kenya, with an almost complete succession. (For curiosity -there is a 20cm bone bed in this sequence at 15.4-15.6Ma, which almost defies geological explanation-p49). Importantly, this sequence shows that during the time of hominid evolution, "a mosaic of grassland, woodland, and patches of forest which exists today has charaterised the region for at least the last 15.5 million years" p52, "If homonids evolved in East Africa...they did so in an ecologically diverse setting"p53.  Mr Reader argues the rather controversial view that, in Africa, competition for resources is a more dominant factor in speciation than climate change, and in this he includes the hominid line (p41,ch4,5,6). The upright bipedal hominid line which evolved, he argues, were 'migratory nomads', taking advantage of an hitherto unexploited resource-the emergance of migrating herds on the savannah (p62-63). Homo habilis, Homo erectus (who left Africa), and finally Homo sapien are discussed-whom he argues came out of Africa around 0.1Ma. He skips a few species though along this line, and contends that the development of larger brains had alot to do with an elaborate whole-body cooling system for the naked upright ape on the hot savannah, which protects the brain from heat stress (p87-89). The !Khung hunter-gatherers are given detailed dicussion, in which he contends that their numbers and distribution are/were determined by the law of the minumum -"cycles of boom and bust" in Africa's generally poor soils and climate. Another interesting discussion concerns the discovery of significant hunting implements and culture from 75-90,000 years ago at Katanda in Central Africa, 'putting to shame' the idea that these evolved in non-African areas. The digging stick and projectile point found here, he contends, were precursors to the modern world (p142). Agriculture can be traced to 70,000 years ago in Southen Africa, and organised food production to 15,000 years ago on the Nile. Pottery and domestication came largely from the near East, where conditons seem to be more favouable (p157-160). Problems with the tsetse fly and a variety of other diseases- in domesticates and also humans-is significant in the inhibited development in Africa in general. He argues "by leaving the tropical environments of the cradle in which humanity evoled, the migrants also left behind the many parasites and disease organisms" p234 (trypanosomes, schistosomiasis, hookworms, plasmodium (malaria)), which mitigates against development in Africa for mankinds exclusive dominance of the environment (p242).  Copper and iron smelting were significant developments in food production (for tools) and trade. A chapter on the Island of Meroe is an interesting tale-in which he argues that its success was also its downfall-iron smelting demanded unsustainable hardwood timber supplies, which also occurred at Aksum. Other discussions include: elephants (which restrict farming p256), crops, cattle, the Gold Coast and Portuguese greed, the slave trade, (slavery had existed for ages in Africa), and how bananas thrive in Nigeria's climate. Modern independant states and the decline of imperilism and colonism is also quite detailed for those interested in more modern African history. In summary, "unpredictable ecology and the (concommitant) need to maintain voluntary and co-operative barter relationships militated against the emergance of groups powerful enough to rule others, whilst the age-set system ruled against the emergence of dominant lineages within groups". Result- little or no state formation in Africa until the modern age, and still there are problems (eg p258-259, p360).  Another very interesting chapter concerns diamonds, gold, and the development of the control of labour conditions in 19th century South African mines (ch45)-which was also a social precursor to 20th century apartheid (p503). Those who owned the capital (minerals) made the rules for the labour camps-who then also made the rules for greater society.  Overall a good summary, but technically questionable in many areas (as a geologist I can see quite a few errors-eg 'gold is formed exclusively in ancient cratons', or that Russia and Africa have the only diamond-pipe mines in the world-both entirely incorrect). This error rate partially reflects the fact that this is largely a western overview, lacking in sufficient critical editing over time from sources within the continent. Hopefully this will change.     