 This book is a very fun, enlightening, and interesting read for those interested in curious human stories, the way the brain functions (and malfunctions), general neurology, and those who simply like an interesting series of unusual human anecdotes of everyday life. It is the sort of general genre of the movie Rain Man, in which Tom Cruise plays a person who has an autistic brother (Dustin Hoffman) who, whilst poor in some mental functions, can also do amazing things with numbers and memory. In fact, some of the material in this book was directly incorporated into the above movie.  The book includes examples of brain disorders such as a man who couldn't tell the difference between his wife and a hat, people who think one of their limbs is not their own, people who can't remember what happened more than 5 minutes or so prior to the present, people who have amnesia, people who think it is 1945, people who are autistic, people who have difficulty recognising faces, people with epilepsy and its various forms, and why these things occur in the brain in the first place. Some of the sufferers are otherwise normal people, highly intelligent, and curiously enough, often musical. One particularly interesting piece concerns some who suffer from autism and have unusual ability in aspects of memory and mathematics. They can `see', for example 111 matches on a floor and know this number from a brief glance, but can't multiply 10 by 12. This phenomenon has been well documented, although how their brain does this, is not understood. They can calculate what day September 12 546 AD was in seconds but can't  add of multiply simple numbers. It is suggested that their minds exist in an array of infinite numbers, and so instead of seeing objects, they see numbers. `111' just comes into their head *automatically*, the same way `a lot of matches on the floor' comes into most people, or something like that. The stories are fun, peculiar, and entertaining. Good for dinner parties, or just those who are curious about this brain of ours.     