 The depth of this book is such that I certainly can't give justice to it in mere review, but I'm going to try. What a wonderful life this is. And what a wonderful book this is, capturing the essence of the ambition, lust,  love and gay abandonment, not only of the 1920s, but of the human spirit  itself. Widely regarded as a classic of modern literature, Fitzgerald  manages to capture something very American, very modern, very sublime and  truly timeless in this novel; from the relatively simple narrative of  romantic yearnings, to the greedy ambitions, the lost loves, the complex  enchantments, and the underlying despair; this is a journey of life, a  musical symphony, a grecian poem caught up in a few idle words of a  wondering writer in the early 20th century.  This book for me is just too  much. Take the exchange between Nick and Gatsby about the 'past', and  following 'lost dreams';- "You can't repeat the past" (Nick).  "Can't repeat the past? Why of course you can" (Gastby). Can you?  I still don't know. How about the early quote of "the foul dust that  floated in the wake of his dreams that temporarily closed out my interest  in the shortwinded elations and abortive sorrows of men". A dark  promise of things to come. And what about the exhileration and excitement  of the "returning trains of my youth", near the end, where Nick  decides to leave the 'big smoke' in New York, permanently tainted in his  mind, for the wide plains, the homely townships, and to escape from the  shallow, superficial and 'messy' lives of the Big Apple pretenders.  I  won't spoil you with intricate details of the story, if you haven't read it  and you want to understand modern literature and the modern western world,  you have to read it. It is as simple as that.   This book is a poem, a  unique expose of the human spirit, the western dream, the love and despair  of life; quintessentially 20th century and quintessentially beautiful.  I  wish I was seventeen and could read it again for the first time.  Oh  Daisy, my long lost and hoped for true love, the future is still ours......     