 In this excellent overview of current research (2003) into the brain, Rita Carter, a medical journalist, certainly has her finger on the pulse (or is that prefrontal cortex?). Although dealing with very difficult concepts, Ms Carter has done an admirable job in simplifying it for the non-brain specialist, like myself. Nevertheless it can still be a challenging read at times. The book begins by introducing the idea that our experience is not necessarily the same as the external world. The first chapter concerns discussion of "the stream of illusion". Like `constant vision', our experience of `constant consciousness' appears to be a merging of projected separate experiences -as in a film. (The quality thereof partly depending on the acting, one of which incidentally, is you). "The construction of our experience depends on merging the consciousness of one moment into the next" (p18). In both our experience of vision and consciousness therefore, some processing selection, by the brain, is implied. There is also a time gap. 1/5 of a second apparently passes between vision received by the brain, and our experience of it (p25). It is similar with our experience of consciousness, ie the 'illusion of immediacy' (p27). It is stated here that we apparently experience our lives (ie consciousness) 1/2 second out of sync with the external world (p29). (If you don't understand how tennis players return serves under this arrangement-don't worry-the brain just projects the real-time (but unconscious) return to us, and then backdates our experience of it, apparently (p29)).  Our tendency to miss things in our visionary field we are not 'primed' for is termed "inattentional blindness", whilst "change blindness", is when one fails to notice any change in their visual field, which can be surprisingly significant. (Sound like someone you know?). Similar `misses' also apply to consciousness, and therefore also to beliefs etc. At least 6 main ideas of consciousness are outlined-'property dualism' that mind is an aspect of matter, 'identity'-that mind=matter, 'agnostic'-that consciousness and matter are the one thing but not understood, 'emergence-that mind emerges from physical processes but is not identical to them, 'functionalism'-that mind is a process, and 'Cartesian dualism'-that mind and matter are two different things. Add to this 'panpsychism-everything has a 'spark' of life' or 'mind', elimativism, identity theory (eg Searle), and mysterians-those who believe we just can't figure out what consciousness is because we don't have the equipment to understand it, like a cat just can't do calculus (at least we don't think so)- the list goes on and on, providing endless hyper-activity for many philosophers, which is not altogether a bad thing. Monism-the idea that consciousness and the observed universe are one, (and send your money to the following address to receive this Holy Oneness...sorry couldn't resist) is opposed to dualism -consciousness and the external world being two different things. Simple, except that The Matrix Has You.  First order and higher order theories of consciousness are discussed, in which `doubling up' of knowledge is suggested to generate the experience of consciousness-the higher order of `awareness' essentially being a representation of a representation. (The problem of infinite regress here could be nullified by the brain (?)). Despite some contrary views, words are not essential for self-monitoring (p36). Einstein once said something like-"most of my thoughts are in concepts, not words". I happen to agree entirely-implying that words are essential for thought seems like ... nonsense to me. One intriguing concept brought out by recent research is whether something that is emergent can have effects that work *downwards*, a concept sort of new to science. p69-"But if consciousness is something else- the non- physical thing it seems to be, there is no obvious way, given what we know of the material universe, that it can affect a change in the underlying brain state". (I actually disagree).  Other discussions include: consciousness as an emergent brain property, the concept of the quale (experience of eg `red'), the Chinese Room, the self, 'backrooms of the brain', (eg autistic savants and enhanced special abilities), the delayed maturity of the human prefrontal cortex (making us rather silly as teenagers?), bottom up and top down processing within the brain (similar to how social organisations function), petit mal (temporary unconsciousness), 'free will' and readiness potential (sounds like 'free will battery' to me-p85), spandrels (Mr Gould) and consciousness are also given punctuated adaptive discussion (yours truly), and are we ultimately super egotistical zombies-that is machines which have the contrived vanity to think they are something other than machines? p96-99. I'll let you decide. And finally, spirituality. Suggested here to be just another brain function (I agree, but a small kernel of doubt remains), despite much emotive appeal to the contrary. And what about formalised (and politicised) spirituality, ie 'religion'? Hardly gets a mention in this book, as it also didn't in Ms Carter's other very good book 'Mapping the Mind'. ('The God Part of the Brain' is a useful read in this field, incidentally). Methinks the neuroscientists are avoiding discussing this topic-too many thorns in that briar patch- evidently. And yet, spirituality and religion IS one of the things the brain consistently does, and this book IS about brain research. (Whether one is for or against 'religion' is not the issue, understanding brain processes behind it can only help to reduce obvious problems associated with it). There is a gaping vacuum here in brain research, I suggest. And we know what nature thinks of vacuums.  Something to think about. I also would have liked to see more evolutionary biology, but otherwise a very good overview.     