 This book details the career of the distinguished mathematician Dr John Nash, and the title comes from a reply of Dr Nash's to a pretigious job offer from the University of Chicago in 1959 (page 244) when, at the height of his illustrious career, he stated that he had to decline the offer because he was scheduled to become "the Emperor of Antarctica". Of course one might think he was kidding, but there is no doubt that at the time he believed that he was to be involved with a coming world government, and was to be one of its leaders-"Antarctica" may or may not have been his idea of a joke- but the idea certainly wasn't.  Mr Nash was certainly one of the most significant mathematicians of the second half of the 20th century (page 12). This assertion carries some weight, but Mr Nash prior to his descent into paranoid schizophrenia, had in his PHd thesis already solved a major problem with Von Neumann's and Mortgenstern's 1200 page volume "The Theory of Games and Econmic Behaviour" (p97) (for which he eventually won the Nobel Prize for economics in 1994), and solved the embedding problem for manifolds (p 156-163)-which caused quite a stir in academic circles. His PHd thesis was to become one of the major breakthroughs in economic theory in the second half of the 20th century-on non co-operative game theory. It has also been applied successfully to evolutionary biology, amongst other disciplines.  For those who like important names, there are few here-Einstein who kindly said to Nash's ideas about gravitational fields at 19 "you need to do some physics young man", and another- John Von Neumann- regarded as the most multifaceted mathematician of the 20th century (p79), who thought his PHd thesis was "trivial", "just a fixed point theorem". There are a host of other names for those who know mathematical academia better than I. One of the best things about this book is that it attempts to journey through some of the greatest mysteries of the human mind-as Slyvia Nasar puts it, genius, madness and reawakening (p22). It takes great care to document as much as possible, the facts, and the testimonies of those who directly partook/partake in his life story (some of course who still do). (In this it differs from the general Hollywood style-but to be fair-the film was mostly accurate, and captured the major and important themes). It is one of those cases, where, with perserverance, the book is ultimately more rewarding than the film, and certainly more accurate. One must thank Sylvia Nassar for completing such an important and difficult work. She does so admirably.  Discussions involve his relatively indistinguished childhood (a B- in the 4th grade in arithmetic), his early experimental and scientific tendencies, the politics within 'pure mathematics', the effects of stress, his marital relations, his homosexual tendencies, his extreme arrogance, childish manner, lack of social skills, occasional anti-semitism (page 146), fear of failure, brilliant mind, the courageous support of his partner-Alicia Nash, and the support of his talented colleagues who did all they could to ameloriate his growing condition-as in the word of one "he was worth doing the very best for" (p304). One particularly moving piece concerns the determination of Alicia at the onset of his terrible illness to save Nash's career and his genius-who by this time was forging into mathematical history- whilst at the same time going completely psychotic. She knew at this point his career and mind "could still be saved", and she risked her own sanity and life, and that of her baby, to try and save it. As Sylvia puts it, "another young woman might have thrown up her hands and gone home to her parents" (p262). And it was fear for her own safety, along with the warning that his condition would deteriorate without treatment, which led her to finally seek commitment, as least for observation (p251).  Some points of diversion with the film; there seems to be little if any visual delusions involved in his case, there were some minor auditory, but the extent of his delusional *beliefs* were not overstated. Paranoia was particularly marked. Delusions included his wife withholding things from him, "why don't you tell me", invasions of aliens, a one world government in which he was to be the leader, the Left Foot of God, a predeliction for patterns, letters (b) and dates (May 29) with no signficance, and horribly incoherant mathematics. Not good or bad mathemetical lectures, but horrible (p246). A description of his condition and that of schizophrenia in general includes pp324-330. Very detailed, and written in a style where truth is paramount, not fiction, it is a very difficult, deeply disturbing but ultimately very rewarding book.     