 For movie buffs, there was one particular scene in this movie that is just too good to pass by, and needs elaboration. Many other reviews detail the film admirably, so I would like to just focus on this one scene, which in any case epitomises both the thrust of the movie, and a certain general failure of late 20th century America, at least for me. The scene begins with the family of the murdered husband sitting around quietly and solemnly in the deceased's loungeroom, not long after he had been found dead. In the background the sound of the Star Spangled Banner is playing quietly on late night TV. (This part of the scene is unusual in itself-how often do you see a bunch of actors/actresses sitting round not really doing or saying anything, and yet their behaviour and the moment be so poignant-the gathering together of loved ones at the death of their beloved?). Nicole Kidman, as the wife and murderer of the deceased husband, stands silently by.  Outside, some TV crews arrive, with lights, cameras and commotion. Slowly the gaze of the murderous wife turns to the commotion from outside. She starts walking to the door. The music of the Star Spangled Banner gets louder, and the scene goes to slow motion to reinforce the magnitude of what is about to happen. The detective turns and says to her, very pertinently. "You don't have to go out there ma'm". She looks at him as if in a dreamworld, and keeps going. As she nears the door, the sound of the Star Spangled Banner grows deafening, she sees the lights, the attention, as she looks out bright eyed and childishly at a world ravenous to give her the attention she craves. So a murderer, has now become the fulfilment of the American Dream- the fame and fortune of the brave and the free- has been given to the murderous and the perverse. Television and the media, what a failure you are to America. To me this scene says much that is wrong about the modern world, the pervasiveness of tabloidism in the media, and a society which seems either unwilling or unable to do anything about it.  One of the all-time great scenes of the movies. See it again for yourself. Watch the details of what the actors/actresses and director achieves.     