 This is a difficult book to read, or review. It is very rich in detail, and politically charged. Put simply, it discusses in detail the old gene-culture/nature-nurture relationship, highlighting in particular how many social structures and various ideologies are in fact rooted in an outmoded view of human nature-the so-called "Blank Slate", or tabular rasa. (Even our language is rife with it, although this is gradually changing). The book's value above the average however, in this widely debated genre, is that it isn't just a rehash of what everybody knows-that the truth for most of these things lies somewhere in between-rather it details just how many `Blank Slate'-type assumptions people *unconsciously* follow, particularly within both politics and the humanities, but which are being progressively disproved by observational science. It is also very up to date with current research in a range of fields including economics, evolutionary psychology, history, ecology, biology, philosophy, neurology etc.  It highlights in particular how humanity can actually benefit from various biological discoveries, in particular in terms of socio-political theory and resistance to various political ideologies. (A common underlying theme of the book is that resistance to the corruption of power may be best attempted through facing the realities of what science says about ourselves, rather than by denying or ignoring it). It attempts to show that despite common misconceptions, the progressive harmonising of biology into social theory is providing a range of positive social benefits and new discoveries. These are too many to be detailed here, but include a range of discussions on violence, gender, the arts, politics, children and education, history, inequality, imperfectibility, determinism, and nihilism. Who would have thought Galapagonian finches could have had anything to do with collective farming, or Nazi youth camps? Or that the geology of cold and lonely rock outcrops on the coast of Scotland, and world geography and trade (location, location, location-Mr Diamond), could have anything to do with education, raising our children, farming, or increasing our health?  Mr Pinker brings a range of scientific discoveries into a stream of age-old socio-political views, with a flamboyance and freshness that is long overdue. The Noble Savage, the Blank Slate, the Ghost in the machine, (if you haven't heard much about these-you are in for a crash course) and several other common old assumptions and ideas are discussed in the light of new discoveries in the natural and human (actually these two are the same thing) world. Slowly but inevitably, old ideas, many rooted in misguided political ideologies, (or in some cases the fear of them), are breaking down like the proverbial Berlin Wall. The reason for them to be simply exists no longer. Or to put it more accurately, perhaps there never was a good reason for many of them to be. (Other than, perhaps, the psycho-social benefits of wishful thinking, as Mr Pinker alludes to in George Orwell's 1984-those who swallow the party line best are generally those who can't comprehend it). Or perhaps it may be best said that old ideas are gradually being cast aside, because there are better and more peaceful ways of living in the world.  Mr Pinker's understanding of social theory and human nature is generally very sound. But I did have a few quibbles with some of his discussions. I don't think, for example, that Mr Pinker's strong reliance on the `left versus right' political dichotomy is ultimately true to reality, and I also think that he himself overstates his case at times. (eg `The Tragic Vision is turning out to be true'- the term `tragic' itself is contextual and relative-something strong in biological theory, and also eg the `universality of ethnocentrism'-strictly speaking nothing really is ever universal in the *absolute* sense-eg spandrels and biological co-option abounds). But he does present his arguments with an astuteness and a flair for language and the written word that is quite rare. The general theme of this book is that our biological heritage does not constrain us, so much as enrich us. The devil is in the detail (too many to discuss in short review), but it is a sad fact that much of our social heritage has blinded us to this fact, for too long. Such details are discussed at length in this book. It is a long book, politically very sensitive, very detailed, but worth ploughing through to the end. In the genre of nature/nurture and evolutionary-social theory it is indeed amongst the very best, as my work collegues also attest.     