 Although the boards may change size, the wry humour sound a bit corny, the fashions change, the places they visited in the 1960s become more developed and lose their charm and innocence, the waves still break over the same points, the wind blows the same way, and will do so, long after the surfers have come and gone.  The movie follows a couple of surfers as they chase waves around the world in the burgeoning 'surf safari' culture that developed in the 1950s and 60s. This film led a whole new brand of adventurous surfers out to surf the world's remote places, to find their own little paradise, and of course, surfers still do.  It's charm is its innocence, and beauty, the thrill of searching wild places for the first time, and seeing different lands and cultures in the relatively innocent late 1950s and 60s.  Modern surfers will note such places now more well-known for their surfing in: SW Australia, Bells Beach (Victoria), Sydney, Cape St Francis (South Africa-there is an intersting side story here-see below), Raglan (New Zealand), Tahiti, and places still relatively unknown fo surfing: eg west Africa.  Their visit to Cape St Francis has an interesting side-story here. They were the first to surf it, thinking they had found a really fantastic and remote point break, when in fact an even better wave (one of the world's very best, if indeed not the best- outside perhaps Grajagan in Java, as most surfers think), was just around the corner at Jeffreys Bay. (I have surfed both J-Bay and Cape St Francis, and it is amazing that these two waves are so close to each other, and yet that they went half way round the world and unfortunately missed the far better one). Innocent and full of charm and 60s-style rebellion, it is one for the collection, and to reminisce on times gone by. For the keen surfer it is definitely worth a look, especially if you plan to go on surfari-the spirit of adventure never changes. The sequel (1994) is not rated as highly by some, but it has some good updated surf culture and surf spots such as: Tavarua, Grajagan, Burleigh, Elands Bay, Namibia, J bay (of course), Central America, and even Alaska (for the novelty, not the surf-even though Sitka has a spot rated highly-but very hard to get to-and very cold). The 'endless summer' will continue, even after the surfers are gone.     