 The works of Jung have been, in my opinion, under-rated. The 'discovery' of the 'unconscious' in the 1900s has been said by some to be discredited. Nothing could be further from the truth. Rather, certain  interpretations/'meanings'/aspects etc of the'unconscious ' have been quite  rightly discredited, much as occurs in any major discovery/field of  science. Much of what Sigmund Freud has said, to some, has been  discredited. But in my view, the works of Jung are far better and more  accurate, for example, than those of his more famous colleague (Freud), and  the progress of science seems to be bearing this out. Freud placed far too  much emphasis on the sexual side of our natures, in which findings in  psychology and other fields has proved time and again. However, just  because some have misintepreted various aspects of the 'unconscious'  doesn't of course mean that the theory of the 'unconscious', however you  want to define it, is discredited.  Jung has contributed much to our  understanding of ourselves and our inherited 'instincts', if you prefer, in  the 20th century. His discourses are providing some input, for example, to  the growing field of evolutionary pychology; that is, much of our behaviour  is inherited from evolutionary processes. This is also the very same view,  as I understand it, of Jung.   The theory of the unconscious is by no  means dead, and this book explains in a clear and meaningful way many of  Jungs and others findings in this fascinating field. Much that goes on in  religion and myth and superstition, for example, is not well understood by  science; much of this book seeks to explain it. In my opinion , for what it  is worth, there is much to be learned here.  Jungs contributions will  continue to provide input to various fields of human study for years to  come. This book proivides a very good overview of many of his ideas, and  was one in which he intended to write for the general public.   Recommended for those who wish to obtain a deeper understanding of their  natures, and the nature of that of mankind in general.     