 This movie gets mixed reviews, and it's interesting to ponder why. To some it is just sentimental fluff, to others a deep and absorbing critique of what makes us what we are. The parallels to the Pinocchio story in the film are obvious, but rather than desribe the whole, there was one particular scene I thought worth highlighting.  First, some background. The plot is mostly about a "child" robot (David), searching for his lost mother. At one point, he finds a statue of a blue fairy under the sea, and he thinks, from a long lost fable, that it will make him a "real boy" and take him to his mother, so he begins to 'pray' to it-ala the Virgin Mary. At this point a huge structure gently falls on his undersea craft, and traps him there. His talking teddy bear says, "We are in a cage". To me this scene is very poignant, and delightfully, but sadly contrived. Whilst the child is in this state, he is indeed trapped in a dreamworld, in which his mind cannot perceive reality. The parallel to some religious states can't be missed. For two thousand years, he sits there and prays, until awoken by futuristic beings. The important thing here, is not that he prays to a statue, or dreams, or hopes, but that he is trapped there and can't get out. *He has come to the point where he can no longer break free from his dream*. In the context of the movie, as Jude Law says as 'Gigolo Joe', "to wish for something which isn't there", is peculiar to us, as opposed to the robots, but which perhaps defines us, and the film. The desire to "dream" gives us so much hope, so much happiness, and so much love, but paradoxically also causes so much misery. We are trapped in this conflict. The subtext of the film-the search to be in "the place where dreams are born", perhaps lies at the crux of human consciousness, and it is that we can be trapped by such a desire "for that which isn't there"... "in a cage", which, paradoxically, causes so much happiness and so much human misery. This is what the robots in the film ultimately desire, but which in the end, in the film, seperates us from computers-artificial intelligence, or paradoxically perhaps, sugests we are ultimately just the same. See it for yourself and decide. The movie is very melancholy and deeper than most people would like.  Something to think about.     