 I found this book concerning scientific research on the evolution of sex pretty darn good, but rather complicated. Dont expect light holiday reading, but do expect a congenial informative style, and a smoragasboard  of ideas regarding the evolution of a very complex part of biological  behaviour, with particular reference to one homo sapien sapien. Matt  Ridley provides a good overview of scientific debate and research regarding  the evolution of sex in the myriad species of earth (blue planet, third  rock form sun). He melds the tension between inborn/innate characteritics  and learning/culture amicably. This 'tension' is a perennial one, being  more about definitions and models than absolutes, but one in which a better  understanding and complementary framework is gradually gaining consensus.  Any scientist worth his salt will realise that the tension between these  two complimentary parts of our existance will be continued to be modified,  updated, redefined and reviewed with the further gathering of knowledge.  There are no absolutes when it comes to such things. Matt Ridley manages to  hold and communicate this understanding pretty admirably.  Having read  and admired some of his works, I do detect a subtle bias in his discourses,  but it is not a bias which is held without evidence, nor one in which the  tension between doubt and certainty is absent. He backs up his assertions  with empirical evidence, he bases models of the human condition on such  evidence, and he allows room for modification and review where necessary.  Just the way science should be. He does have his leanings, but he makes it  clear where these are, holding these with sobriety.  There are many  theories of sex outlined in this book. I won't spoil the fun by detailing  them. Be prepared for the Red Queen, Cain, sex, asex, changing sex, no sex,  lots of sex, fungi sex, bacteria sex, sea horse females with a kind of  penis, selfish genes and sex, organisms which appear to be all female, male  redundancy, female choice, male choice, female redundancy, marriage,  hermaphrodites, harems, infidelity, monogomous albaltrosses,promiscuous  bonobos, cheating cuckoos, prancing peacocks, the list goes on and the  discussion is fairly exhaustive.  As I said, don't expect "Where I  came from" part 2. Rather: "Where I came from, a general guide  for the species of earth, with particular reference to homo sapien  sapien" (adult informative version).  Richly decorated.     