 I was pretty impressed with Insane Clown Posses first jokers card.This is one of the Insane Clown Posses best cds. 1.Intro - A good intro that sort of sets the mood for this album. 2.Great Milenko - A really good song.Nice beats in the chorus. 3.Hokus Pokus - Not my favorite song on this cd.Its not brilliant.I don't hate it though.Nice carnival beats though. 4.Piggy Pie - Quite good. 5.How Many Times - Not the greatest beats but some pretty good lyrics.The skit at the end of the song is funny.Hahahahha! 6.Southwest Voodoo - A great song about voodoo and how ICP uses it. 7.Halls of Illusions - This cd only gets better from here.I dig this song.Great beats,great guitar riffs and great lyrics,this is one of the best songs on the Great Milenko.This was the single from the Great Milenko yet it didn't get really any air play from the radio or MTV. 8.Under the Moon - Interesting lyrics.The lyrics are sad and moody.Another one of the best songs on this cd in my opinion because its real deep and not just one of ICP's joke songs. 9.What is a Juggalo - A funny song!Its really great.I like the funny lrics and cool beat.You will know what a juggalo is after hearing this song. 10.House of Horrors - Yet another really great song with a cool beat and good lyrics.Welcome to the house of horrors... 11.Boogi Woogie Wu - No one can stop the boogie man!!!Hahaha!This has the best beats of any song on this cd and it includes very creative lyrics.Of course,its also funny . 12.The Neden Game - What can I say?Its funny. 13.Hellalujah - Not one of the best songs on this album.Its ok.Its not really anything special though.I must admit that the beat is good. 14.Down with the Clown - "This one goes out to the ninjas,this been down since Carnival of Carnage!".I'm getting bored with all the good songs on this cd...Well not literally.I just felt like saying that. 15.Just Like That - A cool intro for the next track, "Pass me By". 16.Pass me By - Awesome!A brilliant way to end this album.I think this is a truely great song. So there you have it.The Great Milenko is a excellent cd.Its so good I gave it a grand total of five stars!     