 Before I get to the Tony Hawk's Underground review and tell you how awesome it really is, let me give you a little brief history on the Tony Hawk's Pro Skater games: Tony Hawk's Pro Skater - A revolutionary game that basically created the extreme sports genre. So if you play any extreme sports game today, thank Tony Hawk's Pro Skater. Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2 - An all around better game that the first. Another addictive classic. Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 - They did it again. Not only that, but this was the first next gen Tony Hawk game so the big leap from PSOne to Xbox really made the Tony Hawk's Pro Skater series advance to the next level, gameplay wise. Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4 - A brand new career mode, new tricks and even better gameplay made this a big leap foward that any other Tony Hawk game before it. Tony Hawk's Underground - Its finally here... The one we have been waiting for, and the best yet! I love the Tony Hawk series. It is my favorite gaming series of all time. The games are just so addictive, and I love mastering them all. I love unlocking everything, beating them tons of times, and finding out all of the secrets in em. So you can tell why this didn't dissapoint me at all. The gameplay is just a big leap foward. Neversoft(the developers of this game) are very talented developers and they keep revolutionizing this series so much so it doesen't get stale and their hard work pays off by the awesome sales of the Tony Hawk series. Well, back to Tony Hawk's Underground information... This game is just incredible. The gameplay is super addictive and revolutionary... Its just all good. You can even get off your board this time and climb up buildings ant other things too! And getting off your board really helps you out in combos too. It makes them really big and you will just keep on racking up the big points! The career mode is just incredible. You don't play as a pro this time. Instead, you play as yourself! You create your self in this game and then you play as him. I created a guy that sorta looked like me. There is also a interesting story this time around. The other Tony Hawk games just had really great gameplay but no real good storyline. This time, you will want to see what happens next in the game during the storyline. And yes, there are many other gameplay imrpovements.  The create a skatepark mode is better than before and this is one of the most customizable games around. There is also a very large soundtrack with punk, hip hop and rock songs. So, since you have heard how good this game is, go buy it. Really, its worth it! I wonder what the next Tony Hawk game will be like. If its better than this, it will too incredible...     