 Don't believe the negative reviews. I have the 40GB Ipod of Apple and this Zen Xtra of 60GB. So I will try to set the plusses and minusses together. It simply is such, that there is not super perfect mp3 player on the market today that combines only the plusses on both models, so if you are still looking for an as good can be one, I recommend both types. Its up to your taste. To me, they both work to my satisfaction. Isnt it incredible, to fit hundreds of cds in them without loosing soundquality? The ZenXtra is a lot cheaper, but not less versatile. The very big plus is the search option (song, artist, album), with the scrolling wheel on the side. The Ipod 40GB does not have this option, maybe because the clickwheel goes very fast to the song you are looking for. Some like the clickwheel better, but the negative point is, that with a case around it you need the remote control to operate it, because then the clickwheel is covered. Not with the Zen, you can reach the wheel on the side also when the protection case is there. Fair enough, the Ipod looks a bit more sturdy, and the Zen Xtra case is a bit more fragile plastic. So keep them in a protection case and you don't have to worry about damage anymore. For both models, you simply have to make sure your music dbase is consistent: not Abba and ABBA and AbBA or so, because then it will place songs under those 'different'artists. There are a lot of tag editors for free on the net anyway, so it pays to do it right from the start. Ok, the Ipod with 60Gb (which I have not) has colours, not the Zen, but the price is almost double! The screen on the ZenXtra is fine, blue, and clear. Both models (Ipod 40GB and the ZenXtra 60GB) are sort of equal in size and weight. The ZenXtra has EAX, a system that can control a same volume for the songs selected, very handy! Both models have good sound quality. For software, it both worked for me. I have not discovered how to put data on and back on the Ipod, but I managed to put a DVDmovie on my Zen as storage in the datalibrary, and back again on my computer. If I would have to buy a 60GB model again, I would always go for a ZenXtra. The only reason to go for the 60GB Photo to me is the colourscreen and the model which looks a little bit more flashy. But hey, it also cost money! Apple is not cheap.      