 I have to say not much has changed since version 5.0, but interms of reliability it certainly has gained improvements. I have lots of Office documents on my computer. Some I like to keep in PDF format for easier sharing with individuals and security. Version 5.0 was a disaster when it came to converting PDF's in Office XP. I downloaded the 5.6 update patch fro m Adobe to work with Word 2002 and the other respective Office XP applications. When I tried to convert a document from the PDF creator link in the Office application it took so long, sometimes unsucessful when it was in the process of creating the PDF. Acrobat 6.0 is a different story, the speed at which PDF's are created is just amazing, its just like saving a Word document. Thats right, you heard me, thats how fast creating a PDF in Acrobat 6.0 is. Unless you have a slow machine where saving a document is slow, then it is no comparison. But trust me the overall improvements made to Acrobat 6.0 is truly worth getting. Other features include a Acrobat link in the web browser toolbar that makes it simple to turn a webpage into a PDF, Java support and other features when it comes to editing a PDF or updating one. Its a shame there is no support for the forth coming Microsoft Office InfoPath 2003, which is a application for creating electronic forms based on XML (Extensible Markup Language). I have not tried it with Visio diagrams but I don't expect any problems because its just like PowerPoint anyway. But for persons who use the core Office applications, Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint, Acrobat will certainly ease the process of sharing your information in a more secure and effective way. Another fault though there is no support for Microsoft Access Reports, that would certainly be nice (regardless you can send the report to Microsoft Word then create the PDF, doing it from within Access would be much quicker), may be we will see that in a future version. Another great improvement its the speed at which the program Acrobat 6.0 loads, compared to Acrobat 5.0 its light years away. Buy this if your experience with 5.0 is a disaster or you are a user of a earlier version of Acrobat.     