 This is a great collection of easy to use software that appreciates the budget of the user, from a powerful word processor to easy photo-editing solution. Included in works is Microsoft Word version 2002! Now come on, this product sells individually at an outrageous price of $300 plus dollars. You are able to create professional looking documents, memo's and resumes, included with this version of Word, are speech recognition technologies, Send for Review, Document recovery and a slew of other powerful features. The other productivity applications such as the Works spreadsheet and database are not as powerful as Microsoft Excel and Access, but they do get the job done. This product really is worth the five stars. If you are looking for robust applications for computing and other powerful features, start thinking about saving for Microsoft Office. Microsoft Encarta Encyclopedia 2002 standard is also included and trust me I used version 2001 and this version is even more powerful and amazing with concise, articulated information. So for students who want assistance with their reports and essays, Encarta is the one-stop reference material for all your information. Every OEM manufacturer should offer MS Works as a part of their computer package. Software like Lotus doesn't really meet the needs of users anymore, Lotus is like a low-end version of Works, not much functionality. Other great software includes Picture It! Photo Express, which is great for fixing up your photos, removing red eyes and it also creates great art and craft materials. Streets and Trips is a handy geographic solution when it comes to planning your travels, so for those people who like to go on vacation, this is a good opportunity to purchase. Money is always useful when it comes to organizing and preparing you financial data, so you don't have to worry about calculating and managing your frustrating financial taxes. With insightful tutorials and easy to use wizards, Money is a smart solution when it comes to handling your "money". Remember if you are looking for robust software that takes software computing to a different level, think about Microsoft Office. But for those people who need only the essentials, Works is the way to go!     