 I continually stress MS Works Suite as being an excellent product for the money concious consumer. Offering an excellent set of programmes from Word-Processing to simple Photo-Editing solutions. Still I do not know why Microsoft decided to release a new version of Works so early considering version 2002 was just released last year. I think Microsoft should have at least waited until Microsoft Word 2004 was released but I guess Microsoft was thinking about it's revenue for 2003. Over all for users who want programmes that are easy to use and get's the job done, please consider. With Microsoft Word 2002, an excellent word-processor that produces professional looking documents and whizzy school reports, it's really worth the price. The Works programmes such as the spreadsheet and database as I continue to stress are not as powerful as Excel and Access but will suffice, they do get the job done though. 	Encarta 2003 is also included and as always this reference material bursting with information  is always worthy of getting the latest version, with up to date, current, intuitive, concise and articulated information for both the student and the regular user who has interest in a particular topic. Picture It! Photo is a fun photo-editing solution that takes the pain out of editing and perfecting photos with such features as adding perfect lighting or removing red eyes in pictures, but do not consider this a professional photo-editor, try Adobe Photoshop Elements instead, much more powerful. With other great features for creating greeting cards or other great art and craft material it's commendable. Money 2003 is well updated for the money organizer in the family, and with features that are very much internet integrated allowing users to pay bills online provide users with informative tutorials on how to save money and budget one's self properly. Streets and Trip always keep's on getting better with features that make users find their way. It's beginning to compare itself to the high-end app Microsoft MapPoint. Should you purchase?  If you recently spent money buying Works Suite 2002, don't worry to upgrade to this yet, wait six month's to a year, their is really no reason to rush but if you are still using a previous version of Works Suite prior to version 2002 it's a worthy upgrade. For version 2002 users the reason why I don't recommend you upgrade is because of Microsoft's unpredictable upgrade cycle just as you might purchase this version of Works Suite, news about Works Suite 2004 start's circulating, I don't want you to make any mistakes wasting your money, here.     