 I thought that the 2004, edition of Encarta Reference Library was the ultimate refernce resource and I still think it is.  Encarta Reference Library is a winner for every new user, especially if you are running 2003 and older versions. For the 2004 user of Encarta, not much has changed, except for the kids corner, and thats the big target of this edition, if you have kids they are more likely to benefit from it more. Its more tutor oriented and aims to keep them organized and ready for the class room with a sort of activity center approach to getting school work and home work done.     This Digital Encyclopedia is a must for students, who want concise and accurate information relating to what they are learning in school. But the fun does not stop on DVD's, users are able to expand their searching capabilities and knowledge to the Internet, through MSN Encarta. That why if you recently purchased 2004, I would recommend you stick with it and update it until the subscription is done then you can purchase version 2005.  There has been no major improvement in video quality but they do  give a visual concept of life in countries whether it may be about people or animals. Whether its technology, science or history Encarta Reference Library 2005 gives you the information you need and expands the knowledge resource even further with the Internet. The program still lacks up to date images, but comparing the DVD to the 5 disk Set, you get more content on DVD. Its faster and certainly reduces disk swapping.  I have always admired Encarta for its approach to presenting information in a visual stunning and easy to understand way. Comparing this to a set of books would be a dishonour, because Encarta keeps current and more efficient.  Who Should Upgrade? Well, it depends, if you need to get the latest and most up to date reference information on topics relating to our world, Encarta 2005 is must upgrade especially if you want to reduce disk swapping and go for the DVD Edition, but if you recently purchased 2004, just update it until subscription runs out then purchase the new version.  2000, 2001, 2002 and even 2003 users will find this update a necessary change to their reference collection. But students and teachers are the ones who will benefit the most from magnitude of information.   I can't wait to see whats in Encarta Reference Library 2006, I hope to see better DVD quality video footage and updated images!     