 Well, what can I say, a new version that's all? WordPerfect the word processor has been a respected program for many years, but some of the features it presently supports are just ridiculous and absurd. WordPerfect 5.1 emulation mode is not very amusing, its not nostalgic either, just a plain waste of money. If you are someone who is yearning to use that mode of WordPerfect, get WordPerfect 5.1, don't waste your money to get limited, useless features that no one is using or getting any advantages from. The legal documents are always excellent for producing, documents that pertain that area. Quattro Pros features are still simple and no different from prior versions, the only feature that's enticing is the charts, and that's all for Quattro Folks. Presentations I always say is the killer app in the suite, the presentations are inviting, and sound effects are more catchy and powerful than PowerPoint, but not in the animation department. Corel Central features the same Outlook Express interface that is just not catchy and not worth switching to. Paradox is not easy and as integrated with other Database programmes such as Access. But Office 11 does feature satisfactory file compatibility with Microsoft Office and other Office suites such as Star Office and Open Office. For people who do not require much from their productivity applications WordPerfect Office is an excellent easy choice at an average price. For businesses who demand the most from their applications for connecting people, places, ideas and information, Microsoft Office 2003 seems more valuable and more flexible and more feature rich for the Enterprise because of all the tightly integrated applications that Microsoft Office 2003 compromises of. For small businesses WordPerfect Office only offers a portion of the incremental features users need. Microsoft Office 2003 on the other hand delivers with Outlook 2003 with such features as Business Contact Manager, which allows business to control their customer information more smoothly. A more easy to use interface that's more productive with the reading pane.     