 This edition of Windows XP is primarily business oriented, but there are certain features that would be useful in the Home Edition of Windows XP. Example of this would be remote desktop, an amazing feature that allows you to actually control your computer from another computer running Windows XP Pro. Why I do not recommend it for most home users is the architecture of the operating system itself. Certain features such as Administrative tools (turned on by default in XP Pro) would not be recommended for a family PC, if you have a child and he or she enters the Administrative tools and alters any component of the services feature, it can totally ruin your PC. In terms of general functionality Windows XP is "awesome", features worthy of this word include multiple users, beautiful graphical user interface, and easier access to programs. The "start menu", in previous Windows it was like you had to climb a mountain before you reached the programs menu, now that's not ease of use! In Windows XP just click the "start menu" and you are right at the program menu, now that's ease of use! When it comes in comparison to previous versions of Windows such as 95, 98, NT, "ME" and even 2000, it's really worth the upgrade. Windows 95 to ME crashed tremendously NT was horrible on laptops and its basically kind of outdated now, 2000 does not support enough drivers. But overall for the person who travels a lot and needs to either retrieve information from their home or business computer, Windows XP Pro is very good. For performance, I recommend a 500 MHz processor, 128 MB's of memory, anything lower than that you won't be installing much software on that machine. Remember Windows XP requires a lot of resources, in terms of processor speed and memory. If you want to take advantage of some of the features in XP, I suggest that you have a CD burner, you get more out of XP. My pictures has been totally redesigned for integration with online services, you take pictures and upload them to websites for editing e.g. "KODAK". It's not a terrible operating system like I have read in most reviews, but the architecture of the operating system is more business oriented. For users of previous versions of Windows I recommend you buy the Upgrade instead of the full version of Windows XP rather than spend hard earned money buying the full version, because your getting the same thing. If you used 98, ME and want reliability, stability, and ease of use, go for the Home Edition. Persons using NT and 2000 I suggest they upgrade to XP Pro. I like Windows XP Pro a lot; it's better than the Home Edition in minor features. I'm going to buy it soon but for now I'm going to stick with Windows XP Home. It all depends on the user and the environment, as simple as that.     