 For years I have had a secret relationship with you WP, because something about you kept on bringing me back. Microsoft Word to tell you the truth is easier than WordPerfect, but when it comes to grammar and spell check WordPerfect has better technologies. The thing is MS Office offers more in functionality and flexibility. Seriously though, Corel is selling some dysfunctional applications at an overkill, some software good but too much of a cost for me. The four applications thing just does not work for me. Those Standard editions of Office suites should be scrapped why not have Professional and Premium Editions instead. Another thing, Microsoft has really improved in the grammar and spell check technologies since the release of Office 2000. So for those people who want to make a decision, I would rather go with MS Office. Quattro Pro I think is one of the worst spreadsheet programs ever created, you have to do too much formatting of cells manually, and it just does not have much flexibility as Excel and integration with other apps from its own suite. Corel Central is the most boring PIM in computer history and most unused, its not that easy to use as Microsoft Outlook, now that application is very amazing when it comes to organizing your life! Corel Presentations is very good, I give that application an A+, and the sound effects are awesome! But PowerPoint still has a lot of advantages! I like WordPerfect Office a lot, but MS Access is easy to use, Paradox is like your actually creating a database with pen and paper. MS Office may cost a little more but better functionality, ease of use, flexibility and integration across all the applications. Corel needs to work on integration across the applications, that's a major element in ease of use. Microsoft just needs to work on better compatibility with previous versions of their applications e.g. Access and Publisher and that's also a major element in ease of use. So far, only one application sounds good, Corel Presentation. People want ease of use and that's what I think software companies should focus more on! So sorry Corel, MS Office is just the easier way to go. I'm not bias, if you find the functionality you need in WP don't pay any attention to me, show proof and speak your points!     