 It's kind of strange that Microsoft decided to launch a new version of Encarta so soon, but I think it's really worth it. I previously wrote a review for version 2002, complaining about the five disc included, I am not a fan of disc swapping and I don't have a DVD-drive and I don't plan on buying one. Anyway  about the software, truly "amazing", Encarta 2003 deluxe is included it's been revamped interms of providing users with current information about current day events, Encarta Encyclopedia Deluxe 2003. This comprehensive multimedia  encyclopedia makes gathering information trouble-free, through a superior mix of content, technology, educational tools and Web integration. It is really amazing how it provides you with up to date information about current world events. Although you would have to copy 2 GB(gigabytes of content to your hard disk to reduce disk swapping and connect to the Internet to update the  information. But the thing is how the information is well articulated, informative and lets not forget "current".Encarta Interactive World Atlas. An interactive globe, a variety of map styles and 1.8 million place listings with compelling multimedia content give fresh insight into the people, places and resources that shape our planet. The best interactive multimedia atlas,  provides information about countries around and links flawlessly with Encarta to find information about the country whether popultion, climate "your hearts desire". Encarta Dictionary and Thesaurus. Forget your Oxford and Webster dictionary, this informative tool allows users to extend their vocabulary to  the stars, allowing  users to be more expressive in their writing and speech.Encarta Africana. For people who want to know more about black history, this award winning information resource is an excellent source of information, that provides the user with concise articulated information, not only in terms of African history but the descendants, who migrated all over the world in such places as the Caribbean as slaves, very amazing tool. Should you upgrade? If you recently spent money buying Encarta Reference Library 2002, don't worry to upgrade to it yet, wait six month's to a year, their is really no reason to rush but if you are still using a previous version of Encarta prior to version 2002 it's a worthy upgrade. For version 2002 users the reason why I don't  recommend you upgrade is because of Microsoft's unpredictable upgrade cycle just as you might purchase this version of Encarta, news about Encarta 2004 start's circulating, I don't want you to make any mistakes wasting your money, here.     