 Olivia has undeservedly not had an American record label since 1998 when MCA Nashville released "Back With A Heart."   Yet, that has not stopped her former label from releasing one compilation after another since then of her work.  "Gold" is easily the most comprehensive collection released to date in the United States, although it does exclude a few of Olivia's charted singles:  *	What Is Life (A/C # 34) *	Take Me Home, Country Roads (Pop # 119) *	He Ain't Heavy ... He's My Brother (Flip-side to "Let It Shine") *       I Can't Help It (Pop # 12, A/C # 8) *	Take A Chance (A/C # 3) *	I Need Love (Pop # 96)  The sequencing is not perfectly chronological:  * "You're The One That I Want" was released before, not after, "Hopelessly Devoted To You"    * "Xanadu" was released after, not before, "Magic" * "Can't We Talk It Over In Bed" was released after, not before, "The Rumour"  Before buying, you should note the following about these tracks:  *	Some songs fade too early:  "Every Face Tells A Story" (album version) and "Twist Of Fate" fade five seconds too soon; "Reach Out For Me" (single remix) fades ten seconds too soon *	"Totally Hot," "The Rumour" and "Deeper Than A River" are not the remixes released as singles, but the original album versions of each song *	"Landslide," "Tied Up" and "Soul Kiss" are all the full album length versions, not the single edits *	"I Honestly Love You 1998" is the original album version, not the country remix  The biggest faux pas, though, is the abysmal edit of "Livin' In Desperate Times."  This sounds like the record company tried to weave together pieces of the original recording to replicate the original song.  The result is jarring, disjointed and amateurish and does not come close to matching the original album track or the remix issued as the 45 single.  Since this mix was used on the previously reissued "Two Of A Kind" soundtrack and has since been used on her "Video Gold 2" DVD (the video itself was even edited to match this redone version!), one must wonder what happened to the original master of this song.  Despite these missteps, you cannot ask for a deeper (than a river or the night) collection of Olivia's singles.  This is also the first time "The Best Of Me" from David Foster's self-titled album and "Fool Country," the B-side of her #1 "Magic," have ever been available on an Olivia album.  This "Gold" may be slightly tarnished, but Olivia and her music always "let it shine"!     