 With the unfortunate loss of this excellent and incomparable vocalist/performer/actress on March 25, 2006, I humbly re-direct the reader's attention to the more erudite reviews of this artist's work and the eventual estimation of her importance and contribution to the whole of Latin American and Spanish music.  What I can here share with those curious to know a little more about this particular recording is that it is a work of impeccable execution.  Juan Gabriel, at the height of his prolific writing ability, perfectly managed and produced the recording.  The arrangements he constructed coaxed the best performances of all artist involve:  orchestra, mariachi, and studio musicians.  Rocio, however, shone the brightest star with her expert timing and phrasing, with her ability to caress the lyric with Gabriel's sublime melodies, and with her deeply emotive and passionate vocals.  A fellow Spaniard once remarked that it was no surprise that Mariachi music a la Ranchera for Rocio was a natural fit for a Spanish singer steeped in the gypsy and flamenco mystique of her country of origin.  I maintain that Mariachi, Tango, Flamenco, Samba, Merengue, Bolero are all music that come from the most organic, most rich source:  their people.  I add that yes, the source is their people, but their people who all share the language of Iberia.  A better part of this playlist were mainstays in her live performances because they were indelible connections to her adoring public.  I was a teenaged boy when I bought this recording.  Her movie musicals from the '60s were common Saturday afternoon reruns on Spanish TV which I watched regularly to the point of learning her early recordings directly from the films.  At the time of this issue, I was surprised to learn that the young Rocio of the films was now a woman, a respected recording artist who mastered her wholly Mexican singing talent to a fine thing of beauty.  Now, well over twenty years after the premier of this recording, I am no longer surprised that it has never, like her films, lost any of its initial appeal and beauty.  Indeed, it is a recording that improves with age.  It is a classic recording among the immense pantheon of her recording repetoire and the crowning achievement which firmly established her among the nobles of the genre.  Listen to this recording and prepare for a journey in love, in passion, in sorrow, but always with the romance and beautiful voice of Rocio Durcal serenading you farther along through time.  "Amor Eterno" (Eternal Love) was one of many signature performances.  It is a befitting tribute to both Juan Gabriel's mastery and to the memory of a greatly beloved lady of song.     