 The possible retirement of the great producers of Spanish language popular music (i.e., in no particular order:  Humberto Gatica, Manuel Alejandro, Juan Gabriel, Juan Carlos Calderon, Jose Luis Perales,etc.--maestros in the same fraternal ranks as David Foster, Quincy Jones, Peter Asher) had always  loomed large for a generation accustomed to their brand of talent.  We need  not worry, at least not for another generation.  With such powerful  luminaries as Marco Antonio Solis, Emilio Estefan, and Roberto Livi, the  results have been nothing short of magical.  The producer Rudy Perez is  quickly and surely establishing his place among the stars.  He has  seemingly only just recently arrived, but most assuredly he's been around  for a while.  But then, that is the mark of a true Master Producer:  they  are magicians working behind the scenes, never revealing themselves and  weaving magic in silence.  Luis Fonsi submitted his powerful, exquisite  vocal range to Maestro Perez and EXCELLENCE is the result.  Our boy has  become a man, full of the genuine emotion of which these songs of  experience speak.  His delivery is no less polished, but more subtle,  eloquently offered.  The supplication is still there, but does not strain.   Listen to "Cuanto Quisiera" --you will feel the night lushly  ushered in, wrapped in its first and irresistable beauty, dusk with a star  shimmering faint. The title track is surely to get plenty of air time.   "Imaginame Sin Ti" and "Dime Si Tu" are the most  developed lyrically, the most poetic, beautiful ballads in the hands of  Luis, and are also threatened by over-exposure, certainly in Miami.  There  are two numbers in English, the tranlated counterparts of the first two,  and both are respectable.  Luis Fonsi has definitely made a mark in this  genre.  It will be great to see his wider emergence.  He is a very gifted  vocalist, promising a great showing.  Now if we can only find his live  performance which is sure to showcase his talent with any material.     