 The one factor that makes Luis Miguel concerts not only a viable commercial success, but magnificent musical experiences, is that his meticulous demand for sound quality is as exacting on stage as it is in the studio.  Having worked with the best studio orchestras, bands, and his own "Mariachi 2000,"  his audiences have grown accustomed to his particular brand of lavish, velvet-like productions since the first of the ROMANCE recordings.  He remains sensitive to this expection and squarely delivers!  He and his production team have been giving audiences just such stellar live performances since the early 1990's, and he surpasses every one of these expectations with each subsequent concert tour.  The box office results are there to prove it.  VIVO is no exception; it is the benchmark.    And the reasons are clear:  The concert production is constructed round the sole purpose of offering to the audience the one irresistible aspect of the music of Luis Miguel--THAT VOICE!  It is the defining factor of his wide appeal, the facet of his performance that endears him to the audience, and the golden key to his immense success.  Listening to his interpretations of any of the ROMANCE songbooks, for instance, is a lesson in artistic perfection; the perfection of correct phrasing, the full capacity for the drama and emotion of the lyric, thus, the fidelity to a song's author, and the final culmination of having communicated a piece of human truth within the realm of some of the most unforgettable music. This concert recording and its predecessor, EL CONCIERTO, feature this quality of his singing (the spontaneity of his phrasing that keeps a song fresh, as if one were hearing it for the first time), and could arguably be deemed better performances than his studio interpretations.  The ROMANCE medleys will forever be his trademark.  He gives us the pop ballads in all their full splendour (with significant noise reduction of his exuberant audiences) and the vigour of the racy pop tunes as well.  His recent samplings of Mariachi classics, "Y" and "La Bikina" included on this recording, are just as magnificent, and are perhaps a preview of a future series of studio recordings (we hope!).  Not only is this set essential to a collection of Luis Miguel compact discs, but is one of most enoyable recordings of his career.  VIVO showcases, once again, why Luis Miguel is himself a "Maestro!"     