 This much anticipated video recording of Luis Miguel's latest concert production owes ALL of its excellence to the man himself.  The stage is set in a format familiar to those who regularly attend his concerts (elegant--reminiscent of the stage designs of EL CONCIERTO).  With a smooth choreography and stage direction, the production showcases magnificently all of the musicians (the brass, percussion, and rhythm/melody sections) and the chorus of beautiful singers.  The lighting designs charge the up-tempo sets, as well as create the soft ambience of the intimacy of the ballads.  It is a great credit to the artist that his specific performance is kept the main attraction of the concert production (ref. "lbcarlysle" review of VIVO audio compact disc at amazon.com); no extraneous additions to his stage (a dance troupe, for instance) are allowed to cause distraction to the talent which people have come to see and enjoy.  The play list, incuding a wholly enjoyable extension of songs that does not appear on the audio recording, features the best of his career recordings, the recent as well as established favourites.  The added benefit is given us as a sampling of his beloved "Mariachi 2000."  This particular inclusion on the play list is a shimmering jewel and the latest glimpse of what will be long in coming:  a complete album recording of mariachi compositions.  It is the fervent hope of his fans, and, if in the works, should present the next chapter of success of what will be a long and prolific career.  There is one minor frustration with this production, and it will be only you and I who shall be fastidious and point it out here:  The lighting effects of the stage at times in the performance flood the lens of the camera and  blind the exposure.  In my experience, this is due to a few factors playing against the video recording crew.  The concert is recorded entirely on film, and not video (ref. EL CONCIERTO, shot on video).  The Director did not take into account the incompatibility of the lighting design with the type of camera lens utilised for that kind of film.  A harsh contrast of colours is the regrettable result, and cause the performers to look as if they'd on too much make-up.  It rids the star of his usual ruddy good looks, healthy and sun-bronzed.  This unintended effect is easily explained, but difficult to understand how it escaped the cinematographer's attention.  The final product is redeemed, however, by a superb film editor's finesse.  His use of any of the available camera angles, coupled with some highly deft mixing and engineering reduce the problem to a minor frustration.  The unfortunate effect is not enough to detract from the total excellence of the film (after all, the music and its interpretor is what this is all about!) and should not deter Luis Miguel's loyal listeners from enjoying this recording.     