 Luis Fonsi granered a handful of Latin radio markets' playlists with his 1998 eponymous debut, and caused an immediate fervour with his talented vocal stylings within this music genre.  His subsequent release, ETERNO, came two years later with a more sophisticated production led by Master Rudy Perez (Latin hit-maker extraordinaire), mature lyrics, and an intensely and deliberately intimate approach.  His sophomore treatment was likewise exceptionally successful, with two new developments in this young artist's growing career: a)English language vocal experiments with two tracks--impeccably delivered with an intuitive sensibility for interpretation. b)Added appearances in various entertainment venues and programs--argueably not enough, considering his exponentially growing fan base and their desire to attend his live performances. 2002 sees the almost simultaneous release of AMOR SECRETO, the beautiful, ever-expanding styled album in Spanish, and now FIGHT THE FEELING. If you are looking for a direct English translation for AMOR SECRETO, you'll be quite happily disappointed--only a few songs from the latter have been brought in exact likeness to the present all-English-language presentation.   The result is a smashing success.  The variety of songs is wide; danceable numbers, funky styles, and that irresistable vocal ability of Luis Fonsi's to bring a ballad down from the ethereal luminescence, or rather, taking us into it with his beautiful interpretations.  FIGHT is amazing, and will capture your attention immediately.  It's catchy, timed smartly with the ballads coming in between the fast-tempoed numbers.  It remains a favourite CD once it's been played through--what I consider a mainstay in any summer playlist. Much of what can go wrong with many Latin artists today is their uninformed approach to attempt a cross-over in English with an exact, song by song, production of their Latin releases.  Not so, Luis Fonsi.  His music is influenced with all that works in American Pop music.  It is commercial and artistic lack of skill to ignore what is going on in the music genres an artist is attempting to break into.  Those qualities which make an artist successful in his natural sphere usually do not translate well into others.  Luis Fonsi, who resides at Orlando in the U.S., is connected with the best of the Pop artists that are based there, as well as with artists in the current Latin rosters; Marc Anthony and Ricky Martin, both from Fonsi's native Puerto Rico, are among them.  But trivialities aside, I very strongly recommend FIGHT THE FEELING.  You will be enjoying a great production, and also, have handy the impetus to seek his Spanish releases and acquire the desire to speak that language.  You will not be disappointed with any of these, and Luis Fonsi will remain a favourite artist for a long time to come.  Enjoy!     