 First of all, good compilation.  I am not able to detract very much from this production for the sheer power of the chosen play list, the bonus track, "Hasta Que Vuelvas," and of course the DVD.  The list of videos is too short, but everyone will be glad to have had them included in this issue.  We expect, as is certainly the case with any "Best of" compilation, that this will be a kind of leave taking from the ROMANCE portion of Luis Miguel's opus.  We, however, sincerely hope that it is not.   The collection presented here is very good.  Of course, there is the problem of the previous and similar work, TODOS LOS ROMANCES, and the endless faraggo of questions it necessarily engenders to now have both it, and this particular collection, in circulation merely two years apart with only the exception of a few "new" songs.  This reviewer and ardent admirer of Luis Miguel's hopes against all that is contrary and cinical about the recording industry that MIS BOLEROS FAVORITOS was submitted for the further erudition of only his serious fans who also happen to be collectors of his music.   However, WEA International and Warner Musica Latina's thinly veiled attempt to keep the ROMANCE franchise alive is very frustrating.  To be sure, from a purely commercial perspective, Luis Miguel, and all that has been produced from the ROMANCE series, has brought ENORMOUS wealth and longevity to the Latin division of the company; and one can only speculate what this artist and his beloved ROMANCE projects have done world-wide for the Latin Music genre on the whole.  But, that is all.  Once again, the almighty dollar rules over CREATIVITY and ART and INDIVIDUALISM.  The truly lamentable thing is that Luis Miguel is most assuredly bound by contract with this corporation, and has probably been suffocating under the weight and pressure of the money requirement, and the growing despondency at not being able to record all that he wishes. Indeed, in his much-anticipated press conference, which convened in Madrid before the release, he openly alludes to the fact that this was wholly a "company decision"--leading us to believe that this compilation was neither his idea, nor his desire at this time.  Nonetheless, either you are for your ART, or for your MONEY; and these two masters demand it ALL from an artist.  You will serve one and hate the other, but you CANNOT serve them BOTH--not effectually, nor convincingly. What makes any fan of Luis Miguel's the infinite ... in all of this is that he or she will never know to what degree, nor just how intimately important Luis Miguel's work is to him personally.  Notice that from any of the recordings dating from 1988, none of the releases contain liner notes: the sacred space within the album jacket that is permitted an artist, where he can dedicate his work, thank all those around him, offer some of his personal thoughts; and in general, make the purchaser (the most IMPORTANT PERSON in the equation of "Artist + Admirer") feel that the work and final product was a journey embarked upon solely for the purchaser's pleasure and continued admiration.  One always feels what an unfathomable abyss it is not to see one single, solitary word Luis Miguel feels, says, or thinks about his current work when one buys one of his CD's.  He has never communicated that.  We are never invited to peer into what a journey of evolution and discovery making an album is for him.  No.  Instead, we are left to wonder how much does he really respect his audience, how much of that shyness of his is really an escape from his adoring public (manufactured by him or the corporation that handles his material), and whether or not taking a simple fan's patronage of his music and industry into account is a concept that ever enters his own mind.  He pays much lip service to that, but never issues his fans a Valentine to go with it.     We are, in this plastic and throw-away world, continually looking for a glimpse of the SINCERE, of the GENUINE, of PROPRIETY, and certainly, a look into an artist's true GRACIOUSNESS and, most of all, GRATITUDE toward his audience.  For whatever reason we are left to ponder about our beloved Luis Miguel, we take what little we are given about this artist, extrapolate, that, beneath those elegant and highly polished veneers of his, there truly exists an immense talent who is a veritable GENTLEMAN, and that somehow, a bit of his HUMANITY still exists.    I raise my glass to Luis Miguel, if only for the immense scope of talent I have been so fortunate to witness, both from his live performances, and from every time any of his albums are delivering his indelible voice to the pleasure of heart. Sir, may you continually gather success unto yourself as abundantly and as limitlessly as your fans love and admire you.  May you obtain, however fleeting, a tinge of happiness and the satisfaction of your self-respect. And may you never forget the extent of your welcome into our lives, that you possess it only for the while when you have exalted us above your own existence and power, and have made us the joy or your art-making.     