 I had the great good fortune of being serendaded by this marvelously talented trio the evening of my birthday last spring.  Actually, the totally serendipitous event stemmed from my sharing the same birthday as  the younger sister of those three brothers; they'd arranged a small  gathering of friends and family to celebrate the happy occasion at a posh  cafe belonging to a mutual friend of ours.  The celebration started after  hours, and I happened to be paying my usual visit.  I was asked to stay and  listen to the group as they sampled most of the tracks found on the record.   Except for the accompaniment of a couple of guitars and the percussive  addition of flamenco-like clapping hands and tapping feet, the sheer power  and talent of this group manifested itself a'cappella.  Their  "power" comes from their instinctive ability to interpret the  lyric as it ought:  poetry delivered from the marrow of life's experiences,  the ecstacies and perturbations of love.  It is emotive.  It is real.  It  is true to the words of each lyric.  But then, this particular talent are  the princely offspring of Venezuela's songwriting royalty; their venerable  father is author to most of their repetoire, and one of that country's most  beloved and highly respected composers.  They are however well-acquainted  with a great portion of Latin-America's canon of songs, namely those of the  Golden Era, and that night witnessed the passion with which Los Hidalgo  reverently approach such compositions--their first focus resting on the  vocal clarity and harmony and interpretive fidelity of the trio tradition.   It is a testament to the production team that this particular collection,  presented in a sleek, sophisticated format, does not compromise the beauty  of the arrangements.  This is undoubtedly a studio album, but the original  heart of each song in its acoustic splendour is still preserved.  The cover  of "Suavecito," offered in both a Spanish and Spanish/English  version is guaranteed to inspire any listener to warm up to his favourite  partner and dance!  Indeed, there is an indelible thread of Carribean joy  and celebration running throughout the collection.  You will find yourself  humming or singing the catchiest bits of each track, and the pleasure of  listening to the record again will be like the first.  Since I was first  cordially introduced to, and then unexpectedly serenaded by Los Hidalgo, I  cannot but recommend, in addition to this amazing recording, a live  performance of theirs.  It is an experience of immense pleasure that comes  from so intimate a place, from the centre of the heart and the richness of  the Latin tradition.     