 Before November, 1999, I had never known about Chris Botti.  That was before my attendance of a much anticipated concert date on the BRAND NEW DAY tour, Compaq's extraordinary, magical production of Sting's promotion  of his latest record of the same name.  Chris Botti was laudingly  introduced as a featured musician by the venerable Mr Summoner to a  mesmerized and irrepressible audience.  Any serious devotee of Sting's  knows one thing:  his intimate knowledge of, and predilection for taking  any instrument (whether fashioned by hands, borrowed from nature, a voice)  and its proficient, then gently coaxing an unexpected, unconventional sound  from that instrument and artist, now encouraging the full and rapturous  melody of its possibilities, now suffusing an ethereal hush just above  complete mutedness.  Precisely this is the passion of Sting's music-making,  and the veritable mark of his genius.  Enter Chris Botti's  performance. That trumpet was woven into every number, every embodiment  of each song, and Chris Botti painted the night in watercolored dreams!  It  is perhaps fantastical to be enamored of a particular sound, attribute it  to only one source, and call it a preternatural experience, something just  this side of mystical.  But it rings true, the sound of Chris's trumpet,  familiar to the voice of one's soul.  I hear this music and I imagine that  this is what water, if it were possible, would speak.  The language of  water is the music of Chris Botti!  The impossible vastness of the sea, the  trickle of a brook, a mist; that is what I hear in that trumpet.  It is no  wonder that a fellow admirer of his and reviewer in this category,  recommends this title for driving along the Pacific Coast:  the wind, the  sun rushing West, and all the while, the interminable expanse of an ocean  talking to you, its indelible voice a serenade in SLOWING DOWN THE WORLD as  you go. You can't always go to the ocean.  You can't always stand at the  edge of the sea.  With SLOWING DOWN THE WORLD, you can always close your  eyes and hear what it says, every time.     