 The video for SB's "Entra En Mi Vida" has recieved extended stay on most of Latin America's play lists; as well it should. It is a very calculated and carefully planned performance, for it sends important information to the viewer about these impressive artists:  This is a duo with a natural ability to harmonize round each other's phrasing. They both play a variety of instruments, hence the learned approach to their musical and lyric composition (the structure of each song is definitely solid, classically trained, and designed to showcase the best of their talent). And the results are wholly viceral, very enjoyable. The difficulty lies in what one should notice first. The obvious subject is of course the vocal delivery. It is impeccable in both harmony and interpretation. Every one of these songs is a duet beautifully arranged and performed. When either Leonel or Noel, the entirety of SIN BANDERA, take the melody, the other wraps the harmony perfectly throughout the other's reading, without overlapping and "stepping over" each other.  It is a perfect complement. What one hears is a rich, engaging performance. It is a staggering understatement to say that these artists have enchanting voices and enormous talent. Next is the lyrics of this CD. Penned by the artists themselves, these compositions are at once elegant, eloquent, engaging, deliciously infectious, indelible, and utterly enviable.  One wishes one could have thought of just this manner of expressing the elation of love, the poignancy of past loves longed after, and it's disappointments.  Romantic is not word that does not come naturally here.  It is strained.  It has become a most trite and overwraught description, but approached from a traditional sense, there is little that is not romantic about this production on the whole. It is unique in its style, but very romantic.   The aforementioned "Entra En Mi Vida" is a gentle supplication and sure to become a mainstay of the best of ballads.  The uncontainable rush of emotion and infatuation when one finds himself in love at first sight is subtlely offered in "A Primera Vista" until the first chorus comes round.  Then, one is swept off his feet! The other worthy ballad that has been making the rounds on the video playlists recently is "Kilometros"--about the perturbations to one's true love over distance... simply beautiful.   This debut deserves 5 stars for its sheer talent alone, but also for its acoustic (instrument and vocal) drive. The passion with which this duo composes, plays, and sings their songs is evident in every one of the tracks, and it is a joy to listen to it.  You will play this cd over and over again with as much joy and appreciation as when you first heard it.     