 With the sole exception of TANGO, (which had been many years germinating in the heart and mind of this beloved and admired perennial artist) NOCHE DE CUATRO LUNAS can be totally written off as yet another lackluster  "token" record; this fan's description of Julio's frustrating and  inexplicable need to delve into genres of music not previously attempted.   In this case, the arrangements for what must be Caribbean, Central, and  South American music (and I don't mean the kind of Latin American music  which he beautifully offered in RAICES) have been decontructed and  fashioned to an attempted, but failed fit for that indelible voice.  It  just doesn't work.  The cover of fellow Spaniard Alejandro Sanz's CORAZON  PARTIO, specifically, was difficult to get through.  It was almost  impossible not to feel a kind of embarassment for such a favoured artist  fumbling with what has been a very popular and perfectly fine number as  recorded by its writer.  NOCHE DE CUATRO LUNAS is formulaic, completely  unoriginal, and leaves one only yearning to listen to the artists who make  these kinds of songs their specialty, people like Ruben Blades, Estefano,  and the aforementioned, Sanz.  It's impeccable and overly-polished  production has achieved nothing but to make it sound tinny, without  feeling, sterile, and empty.  The best Latin American music is organic,  with its percussive center always threatening to seduce one, its festive  brass, vocals inevitably evoking the beauty of cultural tradition, and with  lyrics celebrating the best of life, love, women, and the over-indulgence  of all three.  His usual, meticulously detailed production, which is the  trademark of all his records is ill-suited for this record.  Besides, he is  a balladeer, a self-proclaimed "troubador."   If this is what  you were looking for in this production, you are forewarned:  This is not  what we are accustomed to hearing from this artist, and it simply does not  fit his style.  Go back instead, and revisit the magnificence of MOMENTOS,  1100 BEL AIRE PLACE, UN HOMBRE SOLO, or LA CARRETERA.     