 I have had this camera for a couple of months and have really come to lke working with it. I consider myself a serious amatuer photographer and have a range on Nikon cameras and a darkroom in my home.  This is my first digital camera and it had to do alot to make me happy given my background with film. The camera is very easy to use and the menu system is quite straight forward.  For everyday pictures of friends and family the automatic program mode offers very good point and click shooting.  I do not hesitate to let others snap away with it.  On the flip side, if I want to take photos requiring more control of the cameras functions I've been able to do so without having to resort to the manual.  Exposure compensation, flash control (red eye reduction, synch, exposure comp), aperture and shutter priority modes are all very easy to manipulate through the menu and cursor.  There are still a few controls that I've not yet tested and that I think says much about the depth of functions given how much I've tried to push this camera. The images are quite sharp and very esy to work with.  All of my computers run either Windows ME, 2000 or XP andthey all support plug and play USB so getting files from the camera to the computer has been very easy.  I've used this camera with at least a half dozen computers without any trouble. I have a few complaints, but I think these are endemic to digital cameras and not limited to this model.  The camera uses batteries quickly.  I wish there were more and better lens accessories.  I would especially like to work with graduated nuetral density filters for landscape shots.  Memory cards are expensive.  If you buy this or any digital camera you should consider at least a couple 64 or 128 MB cards and rechargeable batteries.  Adding these will boost your purchase price by a few hundred dollars, but will make your shooting that much more enjoyable.  In standard mode this camera will take 80 pictures on one 64 MB card.  Given that you can delete bad shots instantly this is like having three or four roles of 36 exposures in one camera. I would not hesitate to buy this camera again.  However, if you have some additional money to invest I would consider the Camdia 4040 which is basically a 4 megapixel version of this camera.     