 I have used the Shure E2c Earphones for several months and have been very pleased with their performance.  They are a great alternative to sound cancelling designs and I much prefer them over sound cancelling models because I feel that they have greater acoustic response.    Sound cancelling headphones work by creating a sound wave of opposite amplitude to cancel the ambient environmental noise such as fans, traffic hum, or jet engines.  This means that the speaker in the headphone will need to generate both the music you hear and the opposing soundwaves inteneded to cancel the ambient noise.  Noise isolation units such as the Shure E2c work by creating such a tight fit in your ear channel that ambient noise is blocked from entering.  Because the earphone speaker does not have to generate an opposing waveform to cancel the ambient noise it can produce a clearer and sharper response to your music.    I admit that I am not an acoustic engineer and the above explanation my not be accurate from a scientific perspective, but I note that I think the music is sharper heard through soound isolation rather than sound cancellation systems.  I spend alot of time in airplanes and have had the opportunity to compare these to Sony MDR-EX71, Sony MDR-NC10, and Bose QuiteComfort Noise Cancelling headphones.  The first is a simple earbud design that costs about half the price of the Shure E2's.  The Shure is much better.  The next two are both noise cancelling systems.  The Sony is roughly the same cost as the Shure system.  I prefer the Shure system because I thought the music was clearer and I do not like the fact that the noise cancellation systems requires a seperate battery.  The Shure needs not extra battery. Between the $300 Bose units and the Shure I give a slight edge to the Shure E2c.  I prefer the Shure because of the smaller size, ease of operation (no battery), and greater comfort.  The Bose unit sounds very good, but I do not think it is a good value compared to the Shure E2c's.     