 The summer of 1997, I was between my freshman and sophomore years of high school. My musical collection consisted mainly of Broadway showtunes and I was, for the most part, a social pariah.  That summer was the summer when, duringa visit to my father's house in Marine, Minnesota, I first heard Jewel. My stepsister was playing this album as we cleaned house, and as we cleaned, the song "Little Sister" grabbed my attention. A virtual stranger to the folk/pop genre, I was immediately moved by the song's personal/political lyrics and spare acoustic sound.  Soon after, I purchased "Pieces of You." It was months before the album left my cd player. In many ways, Jewel was a stepping stone for me. In the years since, I have moved on to other, more skilled female singer-songwriters, from folkies like Tracy Chapman, the Indigo Girls, Catie Curtis, Shawn Colvin and Ani DiFranco to popsters like Paula Cole, Sarah McLachlan, Tori Amos and Bjork. The number of female singer-songwriter albums in my collection is nearing 160. In a sense, my initial idolizing of Jewel prompted a fullscale revolution in my music tastes. Now, as Jewel releases her third album, I find myself asking wondering whether she deserved the adoration I once bestowed upon her. I find myself returning to her first album, questioning what it was that once made this work so special to me. I find myself realizing that there is indeed something special about this album.  Is Jewel something of a bubblehead? Absolutely. Is she one of the most gifted singer-songwriters of our time? Absolutely not. However, "Pieces of You" showed a potential for lyrical intelligence lacking in her later work. The songs are sincere, accessible and meaningful. There are no cryptic or pretensious lines about "concrete and honey," or ridiculously uningelligent metaphors such as "your heart like grape gum on the ground."  In her early work, Jewel doesn't try to be anything she's not. Her simplest lyrics are ofen her least ridiculous -- "I'm sensitive and I'd like to stay that way," is not neccesarily a naive statement. It is the statement of someone who simply wishes for a world w/ less pain.  And though this album is chock full of flat notes and fumbled chords, it is precisely these minor flubs which give it its character. As a result, it is endearing in a way Jewel's later work can never be. In the begginning, Jewel showed some promise of intelligence. Unfortunately, this was quickly squandared, giving way to the idiotic and meaningless sub-par pseudo-poetry of "Spirit."  However, I will always be tempted to look back to "Pieces of You," to wonder what could've been, what might've been -- and what for me once was.  If you have any interest in hearing the closest thing to sincerity in Jewel's career, pick this up. It's worth a shot. --TIM J-Y     