 Sophie B. Hawkins is an odd sort of artist, one who defies every imaginable convention and manages to stand in a category all her own. Just what this category is remains up for grabs. I first purchased this album about a year ago off a sale rack at -- of all places -- a Rite Aid drug store. I was familiar w/ Sophie's "As I Lay me Down," a popular radio single from my middle school years, as well as "Lose Your Way" from the Dawson's Creek soundtrack and Sophie's recent "Timbre." I expected more works along the lines of these two songs -- sweet, mildly melancholic singer-songwriter love ballads.   I was shocked to insert the album and embark upon the fast-paced, almost 80's-esque synthesizer oddyssey that is "Right Beside You." What was going on? Women from my female singer-songwriter shelf weren't supposed to sound like women from my 80's pop diva shelf. Who was this strange creature? Too frightened to hear more, I stuck Sophie at the bottom of my shelf and virtually forgot she existed. That is, until a month or so ago, when I happened to randomly give this album another shot. Now more prepared for what I was getting myself into, I found myself falling into Sophie's intoxicating musical landscape. Most of the artists I hold most dear have a sound that one might refer to as intimate, and on a surface level, Sophie is anything but. "Whaler" is an apt description of many of Sophie's vocals. She literally whales, backed by heavy production, with everything from synthesizers, drums and pounding pianos to dolphin and monkey calls. And though Sophie's songwriting dwells in a territory one might initially refer to as poppish, she very quickly and effectively subverts the pop sound, often changing melodies many times over the course of a song and combining lyrics and music in highly non-traditional ways. This may be Sophie's greatest strength -- she hooks, then shocks and confounds you. It is hard to find a comparison for Sophie -- she is that unique. However, her atmospheric experimentation reminds me a bit of Kate Bush, as well as selected works by Tori Amos, Heather Nova, Jane Siberry and Paula Cole. Sophie is a surprising and enigmatic artist, one who is at once accesible and inaccessible. As in my case, the vocal and musical histrionics of "Whaler" may take some getting used to. But once you do, I guarantee you'll find yourself listening to this album until the piano intro to "Don't Don't Tell me No" is stuck on constant replay in your head, and those damned Jungle monkeys are haunting you in your sleep... TIM J-Y     