 A Home at the End of the World the movie achieves far greater success creating moods than it does creating character, story or dialogue. This is due in large part to its strong soundtrack, a collection of score/originals by Duncan Sheik interwoven with classic rock tracks by the likes of Patti Smith, Jefferson Airplane and The Band. The film's soundtrack is more than background music; it plays a primary role in shaping the bittersweet emotional terrain the characters traverse on their passage to (and through) adulthood. Michael Cunningham's liner notes expound on the crucial role music played in the writing of the novel on which the film is based: "[Rock music] insists that our loneliness and confusion, our wild nights and out love affairs gone wrong, are significant subjects, worthy of guitar riffs and drum solos. As a writer, I've tried to put a measure of that reckless generosity onto the printed page."   Unfortunately, two of the film soundtrack's finer moments --Laura Nyro's covers of Desiree and Gonna Take a Miracle and Leonard Cohen's Suzanne -- are missing here, ostensibly because the rights to these songs proved unattainable or overly-costly. It feels a bit like submitting a really good playlist to the iTunes Music Store, only to discover that your three favorite songs aren't available on iTunes.   So in the absence of Laura and Leonard (and in the presence of already over-compiled songs like Dusty Springfield's Wishin' and Hopin' and Jefferson Airplane's Somebody to Love), Duncan Sheik's evocative score is the real star here. It's a star that shines brightly. I'd love to hear an entire recording of his Home work, assuming there were compositions discluded from this recording. Barring that, I could totally see him self-releasing a suite of these songs combined with selections from his also-wonderful score for the 2002 Shakespeare in the Park production of Twelfth Night.   Michael Cunningham's liner notes are striking. Too bad his script wasn't.   (To be fair, I must acknowledge that I have not yet read the understood-to-be-far superior novel, and look forward to doing so.)     