 I could scarcely believe my eys when I saw this release while browsing. As Sophia in the tv series "Golden Girls" would say as she launched out on one of her stories "picture it, it's about 1953 or so. There was a tv show about the US Army that came on in the afternoon on Sunday". The theme music was arresting; a beautiful fanfare. I tried to find out the name of the music with no success until I chanced across an article by Jacques Barzun dealing with Berlioz. In the article he mentions the "Dies Irae" from the requiem and his words suggested that this was the music I was trying to identify. I shopped until I found it, and listened to it(how many people remember the dear old days when you could play a record before you bought it?) It was, as your reviewer from Virginia pointed out, a Columbia album on vinyl. When I heard the fanfare I felt like I had found the grail. When i got home and played it on my system, a system I built myself, I was taken aback by the sound quality, or rather the lack of it. That was my initiation into the practice of transfer of 78's onto vinyl with all it's evils. They wern't bad on a typical system but if it had any range at all it was pretty bad. However it lasted for the time it took for Westminster(remember them?) to release it in stero in the late fifties. Recorded in the Chaplel of the Invalids it was better by far as far as sound goes. The acoustics were okay, the brass quartet in the "Dies Irae" was goose pimple quality. This lasted until the Boston/Munch release on RCA burst upon the scene and swept all before it. There were others but it was up to Robert Shaw to top everything else on most counts with his Teldec release. This music is incredible in every sense of that word. Every composer who tries his wings out on a requiem knows he will earn his money. Berlioz was no believer in most of the religion he encountered but in his music he gets closer to the eternal than I think even he might have thought. Hear the "Dies Irae" by all means and get goose pimples but also listen to the "Sanctus' Here is Berlioz as spiritual as man can get to be and still breathe the same air that we do; it is utterly transcendant. Since the other reviewer gave it five stars I feel free to give it three but what a pleasure to know that it is still around. But I'd prefer Robert Shaw..     