 Why do people still love Rudolph Valentino after all these years? This DVD provides an ideal way to get acquainted with the great leading man in his most famous roles. After the phenomenal succes of The Four Horsemen of the Apocolypse, studio execs were unsure what to do with the darkly handsome Valentino. At last, he landed the lead role in Paramount's The Sheik. Based on the "scandalous" best-seller, it was romantic melodrama in it's purest form. It's the story of a young English woman, Diana (Angnes Ayres) who crosses paths with the desert chieftan Sheik Ahmed ben Hassan. Fascinated by her spunk, he abducts her to become his wife. Diana is not too thrilled with the concept and resists. Thus begins the battle of wills. From a coldly logical standpoint, the Sheik is not a very good movie. Valentino's acting is not as good as in his later work. The script is somewhat disjointed. In fact, it was a predicted bomb when it was first released. However, the movie posesses a kitchy, innocent charm that is probably as fascinating now as it was then. It is one of those movies you find yourself enjoying even though you don't know why. The version on this DVD is a tinted print in pretty good shape. Some of the titles vary slightly from the VHS release (for example, Diana is referred to as the daughter of a poet in the VHS and the daughter of a peer on DVD) Some scenes are added or cut. People who own the VHS release may chose to make their own comparisons. The soundtrack is electronic/orchestral. It is a selection of music that was available to organists at the time and probably some of the music was used when the Sheik was first released. The music generally does not sound too electronic though it may bug purists (though the VHS edition has an obvious synth score). I enjoyed it. The second film on the DVD is the sequel, Son of the Sheik. Valentino plays both father and son. Unlike The Sheik, which followed the book it was based on, Son of the Sheik changed the plot considerably (and I feel for the better). Valentino is Ahemed jr. who meets and falls in love with Yasmin (Vilma Banky) They plan a secret rendezvous but Yasmin's corrupt family follows her and captures Ahmed for ransom. Because he will not give his name he is tortured. His friends rescue him but he is very depressed. He believes poor Yasmin betrayed him. So, when opportunity arises, he steals away with her for his own brand of revenge. Son of the Sheik is a well directed, well acted movie. While on a smaller scale that the Sheik, it had a much larger budget. There is much comedy added. Valentino and Banky absolutely set the screen on fire as a pair of lovers who now hate each other. However, for all it's charms, it does not posess the oddball charisma that made the Sheik such a fun movie. The print used is black and white, the music can either be the new electronic/orchestral score or the original re-release orchestral score. The latter has a lot of static and I found it annoying so I used the newer score instead. Whichever one of these movies is your favorite, I am sure you will enjoy the presentation. Also included on the DVD: Three Valentino short films including footage from his funeral. Rather depressing. A great DVD to round out your collection, to introduce yourself to Valentino or for comparative purposes. Quite worth it!     