 They most certainly do not make them like they used to. This 1932 film is probably the best Fu Manchu adaption and a strangely enjoyable film in its own right. One note, this film has been rated G according to the box. I do not agree with this rating for, thoughit is not as risque as it is made out to be, it still would not be proper viewing for very young children. I would give it a low PG. The plot (if indeed it can be called that) involves everyone's favorite evil doctor plotting to gain the mask and sword of Genghis Kahn in order to rule the world. To gain that end, he and his equally wicked daughter abduct an archaelogical team one by one and come up with "only in the movies" methods of torture. Now, a note on political correctness. It is a very risky proposition to judge a movie from a different era by modern standards. I don't agree with it. That said, some of the inaccuracies are very amusing. A few things I never knew before I saw The Mask of Fu Manchu: Buddhists apparently loved human sacrifices (and worship Shiva) Boas have poisonous bites Scientists and archaeologists are terrified of tomb curses (like they've never seen them before) Someone didn't do their research. (in all fairness, the books also play fast and loose with the facts, they are also great candy reading.) The main reason to watch this film is to see Myrna Loy (pre-fame) and Boris Karloff chewing scenery with apparent relish as a wicked father/daughter duo. Who could have known in 1932 that Loy would enjoy a long career as a comedienne? This movie is wonderful for lovers of camp. Also, movies buffs will enjoy seeing how this movie influenced many later serials. (I could see traces of Fu Manchu in Flash Gordan and G-Men vs. the Black Dragon) If you wish to compare pre and post Code movies, I suggest the old Tarzan series as a better indicator. (The pre and post study is not my cup of tea so that's the best I can offer by way of suggestions) This movie can be great cornball fun if you relax and try not to judge it by modern standards.     