 Whenever people review a movie based on a book, they seperate into two distinct groups. 1- Those who love the book and are disappointed and 2- Those who have not read the book and love the movie. I will try to write a  review that will help everyone. I am a Scarlet Pimpernel fan. I was happy  to hear about the new videos and bought the set. I must say that as a fan,  I was let down. As a movie fan, I found them to be tolerable. The pros and  cons of the movies: Tape 1- SP Fan- The plot was of course mangled but  one comes to accept that as a given in any SP adaptation. Ms. McGovern was  not as vile an actress as I expected. The villains are well played.  However, I found the utter change in the tone of the books to be  distressing. In the books, the SP would come up with a brilliant and  usually non-violent rescue. In the movie, they kick down doors, hack  through anyone who gets in their way and generally make like a SWAT team.  Once again, Marguerite and Chauvelin are made out to be ex-lovers, never in  the book by the way. This is not giving away key plot points: Lord Tony is  quickly killed! Lord Tony who survived a dozen SP books killed and  forgotten about!  Non-SP- Okay historic adventure. The costumes are good,  the acting is solid. Robespierre is especially good. Too violent. The  "get a room" factor is high. Worth a rent, not a buy. Tape  2- SP- Better than the first anyway. The arguments between our favorite  married couple are cute. Again, not true to the tone of the books. The  villainess is quite good though. How did Marguerite's hair grow back so  quickly? Would they really have allowed her a wig in prison? I think  not! Non-SP- Interesting relationships. The priest's plight was truly  moving. I loved the part where Sir Percy pretends to be his arch-enemy!  Still, there are better films in this genre. Tape 3- SP- The best of  the lot and probably the only one worth buying. The writing becomes very  predictable and I guessed a key suprise three minutes into the movie.  Still, the vallains are good. I must agree with the review below that Sir  Percy would never kill anyone like he did in this one. Too contrived an  ending. Non-SP- The best of the lot. Some good suprises, some cliches but  overall moderately enjoyable. Check out Errol Flynn for better examples of  swashbuckling. In conclusion, Lord Tony's death distressed me greatly.  The writer obviously wanted to prove that he was not afraid to kill main  characters. He had already killed a league member at the beginning! Was he  not satisfied? Lord Tony is the son of a Duke for heaven's sake! Do you  actually believe the French could murder him in broad daylight in public in  front of 200 witnesses and get away with it? It would cause a diplomatic  nightmare. Anyway, since they knew he was not the SP, why did they not  ransom him back? They are low on cash, remember. That's the way with these  movies. They make changes and then do not support them with facts and  aftermath. SP- 1 star None-SP- 3 stars Evening out to 2 stars     