 As other reviewers have pointed out, the VHS edition of this movie has been hacked to bits and re-edited. There are a few other versions floating around, one is recorded on EP (bad quality) and the other is in a set and rather expensive. I saved the time by buying the DVD instead. The DVD offers a few extras like cast bios and a making of featurette (which is basically just them patting themselves on the back for a lavish production, something we could tell by ourselves) The movie is the star in this case. If you have any sort of access to a DVD player, buy the movie in this format. The tale of Arabian Nights is an ancient one about the beautiful Scheherezade (played by lovely Israeli actress Mili Avital, best known to Americans from Stargate) who tries to cure the mad Sultan Schahriar (Scottish actor Dougray Scott) through her considerable story telling ability. At first, Schahriar is a suspicious, childish man but then as his wife's tales grip him, he begins to see the lessons she is teaching him. So, what starts as a marriage based on convenience and murder becomes a truly deep relationship. Scheherezade's tales are brought to life by a variety of stars in a variety of settings. Some of the "Saturday Morning Cartoon" feel of the stories is removed and many of them return to their roots. The tale of Aladdin, for example, was originally set in China with the bad guy as a sort of African Shaman and that is what is used in this version. Also, the fact that there were two genies is brought to light. (American John Leguizamo is very good in the duel roles as the genies of the lamp and ring) Historical findings are also used (the clay sldiers used in a Chinese tomb to guard the dead are incorporated) And lesser known tales such as the story of Bacbac are used. It is facinating to watch the friendship between Schahriar and Scheherezade develope. He alternately loves her, needs her, hates her and wants to kill her throughout the first half of the movie. And she knows it. Talk about spooky, being in the hands of a homicidal madman who could have her killed at the snap of his fingers. But, self-sacrifice is what make Scheherezade's character so great, she is doing it to save other women, the kingdom but most of all to save Schahriar from himself. The camera work is imaginative and the sets and scenery (much of this was filmed in Turkey) are lavish. The costumes are breathtaking, particularly anything Scheherezade puts on. The his/hers matching armor at the climax was just too cool. The music is always appropriate without being intrusive. The special effects are pretty good (especially for TV), a few are a bit cheesy but I still liked the movie. All the trimmings aside, the cast of international stars is the main reason to watch this film. One more note, I found that I enjoyed this movie more when I watched it at night with the lights out. Maybe Scheherezade was right when she said it was hard to create the right atmosphere with the sun shining. This is the best of the Hallmark mini series that have been on TV lately and I do hope everyone is able to enjoy the complete and unedited version. Find an evening, get some friends, make some tea and I am certain you will be enchanted.     