 Errol Flynn had a starmaking role in Captain Blood, based on a novel by Rafael Sabatini. So it's not at all supriseing that Warner Bros. cast him in the lead of another Sabatini adaptation. Flynn is Captain Thorpe, an English privateer who raids the galleys of Spain and who falls in love with a lovely Spanish lady. (Brenda Marshall does well enough but as pointed out before, it's just not the same without Olivia DeHavilland) Flynn's acting has improved and his nervous wooing of the proud Spanish dona is very sweet. But then, what people really want in a Flynn movie is action. The movie for the most part delivers. (There is a bit of dragging near the middle but the movie quickly gets back on track) Thorpe goes to raid the Spanish silver mines in South America and is captured by a vindictive Spanish rival. From that point on, the movie speeds to a very good climax. My only real complaint is that the famed Spanish Armada is never shown. The supporting cast of the movie is also very good. Claude Rains, playing a good guy for once, is a doting uncle to Brenda Marshall. And Flora Robson throws her all into the role of Elizabeth I, bringing out her temper, her flirtation and her eccentricities. The movie sparkles whenever she is on-screen, especially with Flynn. They play off of one another very well. While this is a very good swashbuckler, it has absolutely nothing to do with the book it is supposedly based on! The film historians I have read say that probably the plot of the original book was too far removed from the realities of WWII to be made into a movie. (The original plot involved an Elizabethan nobleman who is framed for murder, sold into slavery, escapes and converts to Islam and become a corsair. Ironically, this plot is probably more timely now in the post 9/11 world than it was in 1915 when it was first published. There was a faithfully filmed silent version in 1924, worth tracking down.) So, the scriptwriters came up with an entertaining bit of propaganda. Spain is meant to represent the Axis nations while noble Englishmen stand up to their conquest. Even though it was made with a WWII audience in mind, it is still rather entertaining today mainly due to the gusto with which it was made. While not as good as Captain Blood or The Adventures of Robin Hood it is still a fun pirate movie and a fascinating period piece. I highly recommend it for Flynn fans.     