 A popular genre in the teens and twenties can only be described as Hollywood Grotesque. It's half horror, half freakshow, and inheritance from the Victorian melodrama that many early hollywood films took their inspiration from. The Man Who Laughs, based on the novel by Victor Hugo who also wrote The Hunchback of Notre Dame, is a good example of this genre that essentially died with silent pictures. The plot involves the child of an English nobleman. When his father rebels against King James, the king has the child's face carved into a permanent grin. The child, named Gwynplaine, joins a carnival. He grows up alongside Dea, a blind girl who loves him. Both Conrad Veidt and Mary Philbin were experienced with this sort of film. He had roles in The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari and Waxworks, she was the leading lady of the Phantom of the Opera. Philbin's Phantom co-star, Lon Chaney, was originally slated to play the lead in this film but studio battles prevented it and Veidt, who came over from Germany to act in Barrymore's The Beloved Rogue, stepped in. Both Veidt and Philbin give rather good performances, particularly Veidt who, due to makeup, could only use the upper half of his face to express emotion. Veidt is reunited with the director of Waxworks, Paul Leni. Leni also directed the classic haunted house film, The Cat and the Canary. Sadly, he died of blood poisoning a year after The Man Who Laughs was released. The supporting cast is also good. Silent villain Sam de Grasse (a fixture of Douglas Fairbanks swashbucklers) does good work in his small role of King James. Olga Baclanova (who looks startlingly like Madonna) vamps with the best of them as the warped noblewoman Josiana. The movie is silent with a synchronized period score featuring music and sound effects. I personally found the effects to be distracting and annoying especially when I was used to the silence of the beginning of the film. The music is good although some people disliked the fact that vocal music was used. While this is an old movie, it is pre-code and therefore has some fairly hot scenes for the time although they are rather tame by modern standards. Parents should be cautious about showing this movie to younger children. My only other complaint about the film is the ending. While I will not give it away, I felt that it was rushed and jarringly different in tone from the rest of the movie. What makes this movie really interesting is the trivia. According to IMDB, the creators of Batman based The Joker on Veidt's face in this movie. There IS a resemblance! In conclusion, this is an interesting movie that shows a now dead genre at its height. The DVD is packed with extras as had been restored. Wonderful news since I have only seen a fizzy VHS edition of this movie. You will probably like this movie if: You enjoy early German cinema, you are a fan of any of the leads, you like early horror, you would like to see Veidt play a good guy for once. You will probably not like this movie if: You are put off by the grotesque, you don't care for silent film, you prefer lighter movies.     