 Before I begin, I say that all three films on this disc are silent movies and as such should not be judged in comparison to talkies. The art of making a silent film is a seperate one. Image has a good reputation for putting out nice prints of older films. All three movies in this set have good to very good prints. All feature appropriate musical accompaniment. "The Cheat" has a piano and strings score. "Carmen" and "Burlesque on Carmen" feature orchestral music based on the Bizet opera. "Carmen" is the familiar tale of a flirtatious gypsy woman who bites off more than she can chew when she jilts a young army officer. The acting is all around good with famed Opera star Geraldine Farrar playing her attractive character to the hilt. "Burlesque on Carmen" is the Chaplin spoof that came out a month later. It effectively lampoons the movie and is a great addition to this DVD. It has the poorest picture quality of all three movies with the picture somewhat fuzzy at points. However, it is still very viewable. "The Cheat" is really the reason why I bought this DVD. I had seen Sessue Hayakawa in "Bridge on the River Kwai" and was curious to see his silent work. In this film, he is the villain, designed to make the despicable social climber, Edith (Played by Fannie Ward), more palatable to the audience. This is a later print of the film when Hayakawa's character was changed from Japanese to Burmese after a Japanese-American group complained about the unfair portrayal of their culture. (apparently, no one cared what the Burmese would think) The change is merely superficial, only the subtitles were changed. The plot of the movie involves Edith stealing $10,000 from the Red Cross to supplement her clothing allowance. When she loses it in the stock market, her long time guy friend Arakau (Hayakawa) offers the money- if she will become his lover. Edith agrees but backs out when her husband Dick (played by Ward's real life husband Jack Dean) gives her the money she needs. Angered at being jilted, Arakau brands Edith on the shoulder. Edith shoots him but her husband takes the blame. I am going to discuss the ending. If you want it to be a suprise.... In a dramatic courtroom scene, Edith defends her husband by showing her brand and confessing to the shooting. The courtroom rises up to defend her honor and nearly killed Arakau while the penitent Edith walks out arm-in-arm with her adoring husband. But wait a minute, she stole $10,000 from the Red Cross, thousands of war victims could have died because of her selfishness. This is never discussed in the movie. Also, she had been leading on Arakau for apparently quite some time, why was she suprised at his anger? Actually, both her husband and Arakau seemed like rather nice men whenever Edith was not around. Oh well, you either accept the movie's reality or you don't. The incredibly handsome Hayakawa would go on to play some more heroic roles but eventually left Hollywood for a few years and made movies in France. It's a shame that his most available movie is one of his villain roles but so many silent movies have been lost that we are fortunate to see them at all. All in all, a great deal, three enjoyable movies nicely presented.     