 I have been knitting for a year and a half and consider myself to be intermediate. How I wish this book had been available when I was first learning! Like most new knitters, I had very definate ideas on what I was going to knit but patterns do not always match imagination so I was sometimes stuck knitting from patterns that were not quite what I wanted. In the introduction to the book, the author voices the exact same feelings, there is a need for just plain patterns. They are needed by beginners, fans of novelty yarns and for gifts when the recipient is conservative. For the most part, this book delivers. It should be noted that other books have been written on multi-sizes/gauges for sweaters but this is the first book I have seen that is also dedicated to hats, scarves, gloves, mittens and socks. I particularly liked the basic tam pattern (something I searched high and low for as a beginner) There is a breakdown of how different decreasing methods will change the look of the tam and various ways to make the hatband. This is just one example of how useful this book is. Now for the not so good bits. The sweater section is skimpier than I had hoped. There is only one sleeve option (set-in, I believe) and the sweater does not offer many shaping options. However, it is a marvelous canvas for color or cables though I do not suggest this tweaking for an absolute beginner. Be sure to read through the author's suggestions before undertaking a color/cable project. (A quick suggestion to a beginner: read the charts very carefully and follow the authors advise to copy the page you are using and circle the numbers you will need, it makes life so much easier when knitting from number charts) This is a great book for a beginner and great for a knitter with a large stash of "leftovers". (ahem, not me, honest) Armed with this book, I now plan to make matching hats, mittens and socks for my sweaters. This book is almost essential and I would recommend it to any knitter of any skill level.     