 Goodness, to think it took me so long to discover this movie. Something so weird, yet so beautiful is right up my alley. The film is a classic fairy tale carried by the sheer force of the director's imagination. The story is a familiar one, a lesson about inner beauty, yet we never once feel that we are being preached to. (Unlike a certain OTHER famous version that, while admirable in many ways, hasn't a serious thought in its pretty little head. I didn't mean to compare but the subject has already been brought up) From beginning to end, this is a cornicopia of visual delights. Who could forget the scene of Beauty floating through a room with billowing curtains? Or when Beats drinks from her hands? Or the living fireplace that blows smoke from its' nose? Or the living statue of Diana? Or Beauty seeming to grow from the wall? Or Beast on his stomach drinking from a lake? Or.... Well, enough of that, see it all for yourself. The only issue I can find fault with is the ending. For what its worth, this paragraph contains a spoiler though everyone knows the end of this fairy tale. SPOILER I was a little disappointed in the prince. After a character as wild and appealing as the Beast, you expect a little more from his human form. Every B&B movie has this problem, Prince Charming simply cannot compete. Making the Beast look like Avenant was a master stroke, though. It meant that in the end, everyone's outer form matches their inner self. END SPOILER Even if you are a fan of the Disney version, this movie has many delights and will even show how the Disney version got most of its idea. The only requirements to enjoy this film are the ability to read (it is all in French, the romance language suits the story very very well) and the ability to follow the instructions at the beginning: be a child for an hour and a half and be led into a magical world of romance. Is it worth the money, though? Oh, yes, yes, yes. This DVD has been restored to great quality (for an old film) Plus, the audio commentary is actually very interesting (so many are repetitive) Enough excuses! Try this out for yourself and you will not be sorry.     