 I am torn between giving it one star for just dreadful movie making or five stars for entertainemnt value. Five stars it is! Arguing about whether or not this is the all time worst movie is a bit pointless, no one will ever agree on it. It's kinda like picking the best movie ever or ordering pizza, to each their own. All I know is that this movie is the most amateurish, pretentious, FUNNY thing I have seen in a long long time. The "plot" involves three ghouls in a cardboard graveyard. They have been reanimated by a group of aliens to take over the world. But no one is supposed to see them. But they're going to march on the capital. All three of them. The movie doesn't get any better from here. Inspector Daniel Clay (you guessed it, Ed Wood's Swedish wrestler) is one of the ghouls, he is joined by Vampira and BelaLegosi/Ed Wood's wife's chiropractor. It's up to our intrepid heroes to stop the pyjama clad aliens from doing whatever it is they think they are doing. Armed only with their brains (snicker) our intrepid group enters the alien ship. (why this is square when the enter and round when the get inside must be a scret of alien technology) There they meet a dimunative alien bossy-boots who goes on to deliver the most howlingly funny dialogue in a whole film of classic howlers. I am of course referring to the STUPID STUPID STUPID conversation. But this film offers other joys: "Inspector Clay is dead, murdered, and SOMEBODY is responsible" (the cop then goes on to scratch his neck with the barrel of his revolver, with his finger in the trigger!) "I am emptied a full clip into him" (This line would have been fine if it weren't for the fact that our hero was using a revolver) The famous pillow dialogue during which a wife tells her husband that when he is gone, she touches his pillow and that way she isn't so lonely. (o-KAY!) Then she refuses to lock her door knowing there are ghouls in the area. Hey, no one said these people were smart Even if this isn't the #1 turkey of all time, it comes pretty close so try it out.     