 This is one of my favorite westerns and that is high praise since I normally do not like westerns, it takes a lot for a movie in the genre to impress me. An instant classic, in recent years this film has been maligned. From what I understand, most of the negative feeling is because the movie has been so hyped. It is unfair to hype a movie so much since it raises impossible expectations. I was fortunate enough to have somehow missed the hyping. (Odd, since I love old movies) So when I saw this movie at the rental store, I vaguely remembered hearing it was good so I got it. The plot involves a lawman who will not leave town when he hears a killer he put in jail is released and will arrive on the noon train. His life falls apart, his friends abandon him, his wife leaves him but his honor will not allow him to leave. If this plot sounds cool, you will probably enjoy this movie. If not, you may want to try something else. You either accept the concept or you don't. Watching the movie, several things impressed me. First, I was impressed by Gary Cooper's acting. This was the first movie I ever saw him in and his anguish and nobility are just great. He richly deserved his oscar. The other standout is Katy Jurado as Cooper's old flame. While some racial bariers were coming down in the 50s, it was still very refreshing to see a Mexican character played by a Mexican actress in a movie of that time. She adds a note of authenticity to the movie that would not have been there otherwise and her performance is flawless. Second, I enjoyed the fact that movie was black and white. Color films of the era were candy colored, almost too bright, which is fine for a comedy or a musical but kind of ruins historic movies for me. Third, the suspense kept me glued to the screen until the last moment. And the ending was just great. Whew! I guess I can see why so many critics hyped this movie! Well, don't let anyone else influence you. Try this movie out for yourself and draw your own conclusions.     