 I rather enjoyed the kitchy Valentino film based on this book so I decied to check it out. Also, I was curious to read a "scandalous" best seller from 1919. What annoyed me was the instant about face of the heroine's principals. One page, she is a confident feminist. The next, she is breathless, whimpering and whining, deeply in love with an extremely abusive and domineering man. I am all for old fashioned romance but this seems a bit much. There is no catylist for this change in attitude, one minute Diana hates the Sheik's guts and them about halfway through, he shoots her horse out from under her and she figures that she can't live without him. This is especially disappointing since other passages in the book are psychologically accurate. The descriptions of post traumatic stress are realistic. The prose is another problem. The book starts with readable prose but then descends into purple slush. I noticed that the author has about ten pet words that are used over and over again. (savage, brutal, cruel, slim, boyish, mutinous) I had a good time opening the book at random and finding one of these words. (This works about 95% of the time) Also, can a book really be so good that pretty much advocates attempted suicide as a means to getting Mr. Right? I think not! The fact that this story is blessing a rather abusive relationship is in itself distressing. The title character is selfish, unpleasant and a general boor and I fail to see why he would be considered such a catch. I realize I will be accused of being a rabid feminist (and get a flurry of NOT HELPFUL votes, all negative reviews do and its a bit sad since I'm voicing my opinion just like everyone else) but the truth of the matter is this: I demand psychological accuracy and interesting characters from the books I read. Almost any other sin can be forgiven. I love melodrama as much as the next girl but this book was way out there in terms of oddness. This is an interesting period piece but most certainly not something I would normally read.     