 I'm so glad to know I'm not the only one. To laugh at bad movies has been in vogue since Mystery Science Theater. To laugh at bad music is a national past time. But to laugh at bad books... now THAT is a true appreciation of mediocrity. I have been a fan of putrid fiction since I chanced upon a yellowed 50s pulp western and spent the whole afternoon giggling over it. I have taken on universally heckled (and long-winded) gothic novelist Anne Radcliffe. Nick Page has managed to take the quest for the worst writer to a new level. Yes, he finds who the worst writer is and I could not agree with him more. There is simply no way anyone could argue with him. (except for the author who maintained that all those nasty critics were just jealous!) But who can deny the following words from one of the author's two novels: "...son of my strength, idolized remnant of my inert husband, who at this moment invisibly offers the scourging whip of fatherly authority to your backbone of resentment..." And this is one of the better passages. But don't worry, there are other authors listed who are almost (though never quite) as bad. You have Margaret Cavendish Duchess of Newcastle whose poetry was all about some kind of macabre food, whose novels were hyper sci-fi trips, whose plays were so boring she actually put a warning in front of them! Or Pedro Carolino, who was going to write a Portuegese/English phrase book and wasn't about to allow the little fact that he did not actually speak english stop him! (He used a portuegese/french and then a french/english dictionary to translate everything. It shows.) Useful English phrase: He has spit in my coat The author's asides are almost as funny as the quotations themselves. He always has something witty to say about the sometimes unreadable quotations. In fact, some of the best passages come from the Rules of Bad Writing. (Heart is more important than Art) And for anyone who just wanst to sample, all authors are organized into sub-categories. (Strange Subjects, Confused Syntax, Four stars or better) Enjoy... I think.     