 "Sherlock Holmes? Yup, I know all about him. Uses "elementry" every other word, smokes a pipe, wears a deerstalker cap in all weather, has a dumb friend named Watson, is always battling some guy called Moriarty...." This is the common opinion of Holmes and the only problem is that it is not true to the stories. As is the case with so many famous literary characters, the films about Holmes have tended to stray further and firther from the original. This 1980's series brings things back to their origins. Jeremy Brett simply IS Holmes. The same Holmes Victorian readers fell in love with. The brilliant, slobby, eccentric, cocaine using, prickly detective that Sir Arthur Conan Doyle invented some 120 years ago. Brett's portrayal is at once true to the books with some new spark added to the character that only a skilled actor can provide. (Movie Viewer Points to anyone who recognized him as the youthful, love struck Freddie from My Fair Lady) In the excitement over Brett, it is easy to forget David Burke who plays Dr. John Watson, Holmes's biographer and best friend. Burke's Watson is not the fawning bumbler that so many believed him to be. He is gentlemanly fellow, the epitomy of the normal middle aged Victorian man which is a sharp contrast to Holmes's fierce eccentricity. Burke and Brett convey deep brotherly friendship that was so clear in the stories. What is interesting is that unlike many other book adaptations, which have much to cut, thse shows actually have to ADD to Doyle's short tales in order to fill out the hour. The filler material is always in character and often adds much to the plot. Modern Hollywood adapters could learn much. This DVD has 4 episodes and of the four, the Naval Treaty is the strongest and best displays the varied talents of the actors. All of the episodes are very good, though, and you shall have to choose your own. In conclusion, check this out for a glimpse at Sherlock Holmes as his creator surely invisioned him (before he got sick of him anyway) If you buy this DVD, you are in for a real treat.     