 There are many reasons to check out this film. First, it is the second and best on-screen teaming of Alan Ladd and Veronica Lake (they were first paired in This Gun For Hire with Ladd playing the bad guy) Second, it is based on a novel of Dashiell Hammett whose exterior narration style transfers very well to screen. Third, it's just a good 40s whodunit. The book is toned down but for the most part its satire of politics is allowed to remain intact. Most of what gets eliminated are subplots and partying which, though interesting, do not add to the story much. The movie is much leaner but less complex than the book but it is still faithful to the overall spirit. Alan Ladd plays a tough guy/toadie to a local politician, Madvig, who has his fingers in a few too many pies. Madvig falls in love with Veronica Lake and burns a few political bridges to win her hand. Lake is the daughter of a senator, one of Madvig's political rivals. All seems to be going well until Lake's no good brother is found dead in a gutter and all fingers point at Madvig. The only person who seems to care about proving him innocent is Ladd. Even Madvig seems determined to get himself convicted. Ladd becomes obsessed with finding out the truth and goes through beaurocratic red tape, underworld sleaze, a torture session and his own feelings for Lake to find out who the real killer was. Alan Ladd does a great job in the strong-silent role. He is stoic without being cartoonishly so. (The injury makeup is so convincing that you want to flinch for him) Veronica Lake is also good but really isn't given much to do besides show up onscreen in a series of ever more outlandish hats. (I love 40s fashion!) She isn't given any really good scenes until the last third of the movie. The supporting cast is universally good, it includes former Nancy Drew actress Bonita Granville as Madvig's kid sister. (changed from daughter in the book to make up for the relative youth of the actor) This is a good bit of film history and a very good mystery (you think you have it figured out when it suddenly takes another twist) It is also a chance to see one of the great 40s screen teams in action. A must for classic film noir fans, don't miss it     