 I should start out by saying that I love the book, and I have seen the 60s version of this story and rather liked it. That said, this is a nice little production. The scenery is beautiful, the costumes are great, the music is lovely and appropriate, the acting is solid. The plot involves the lovely Bathsheba who is the object of affection (obsession?) for three very different men. Paloma Baeza is Bathsheba, she is a good actress but I found her extremely youthful face a bit distressing at times. She just looked too young to be such a tease. Still, she plays her role well. The three men in her life are the stalwart shepherd Gabriel, the obsessive older farmer Boldwood and the dashing, heartbreaking Sgt. Troy. Nathaniel Parker (very good in Vanity Fair as Becky's clueless husband) plays Gabriel with perhaps more passion than he displayed in the book but he looks the part and anyone who has not read the book would never know the difference. He fits right in and looks quite handsome in the bargain. Jonathan Firth (Fred in Middlemarch. Brother to Colin Firth of Pride and Prejudice) plays the thankless role of Troy with great relish. (Troy is not a cool villain, he is the sort you boo and hiss at whenever he is on screen, it takes a good actor to carry him off without seeming too Snideley Whiplash about it) He is the only man of the three who excites Bathsheba and he is the only one who is not truly in love with her. The supporting cast is good, especially Natasha Little (Becky in Vanity Fair) as Troy's cast-off mistress Fanny. In conclusion, I liked the 60s version a hair better but only a hair and I highly reccomend anyone interested in this story to try both versions as both are good in their own unique way. This version is more accurate with costumes and such but the 6os one is more suitable for family viewing. Scenes I liked better in this version: Gabriel looks for a job Gabriel and Bathsheba's first argument Troy's sword exercises Fanny visits Troy at the barracks window     