 The 30s and 40s were they heyday of the swashbuckler and The Prisoner of Zenda is certainly one of the finest. It combines the action, the intrigue and the melodrama that makes a swashbuckler so irresistable. Based on the short novel by Anthony Hope, The Prisoner of Zenda is the tale of an Englishman (Ronald Colman) who discovers that he resembles his distant cousin, the heir to the throne of Ruritania, a small eastern European kingdom. The plot is of course very familiar, the use of look alikes as a plot device is older than the hills. But, in both the book and the movie, the plot is handled in such a jaunty manner that it is thoroughly charming. Though slightly older than the character in the book, Ronald Colman as Rudolph Rasendyll brings a worold weary charm. He is an ordinary man thrust into extraordinary circumstances. Colman is also good as the drunked heir to the throne though this character does not receive nearly as much screentime. Madeleine Carroll is a lovely leading lady. Raymond Massey plays a plotting villain. Mary Astor is marvelous as the woman scorned. A young David Niven is one of Colman's earnest friends. But the movie belongs to someone who was a minor villain in the book. (Though the full fledged heavy in the sequel) Rupert of Hentzau, the flashy, wild and wicked right hand man to Massey's evil Duke Michael. Douglas Fairbanks Jr. was generally cast as the boyish hero, as Rupert he is still boyish but in a rather twisted way. While he works for Michael, he is still in it for himself. He wants Michael's position, Michael's lands and Michael's girlfriend. (Mary Astor who, ironically, was the leading lady in Son of Zorro starring Douglas Fairbanks Sr.) The movie is for the most part faithful to the book, it's main departure is in making the final duel between Rasendyll and Rupert. In the book, Rupert was one of six henchman and Rasendyll battled and English rogue. I must say, putting Rupert in the spotlight was a very good choice. It's not giving anything away to say that the final duel is just marvelous. As he was in the book, Rasendyll is no master swordsman. He gets by, but he is forced to cheat (throw furniture, etc.) in order to survive against Rupert. There is the expected banter between the antogonists and several close calls. Perfect display of 30s showmanship, right on par with The Adventures of Robin Hood and Captain Blood. In short, this is the definative version of the classic. It is certainly not perfect but it is so enjoyable that any minor flaws are smoothed away. If nothing else, see it for Fairbanks's delightful acting and the great golden age sets and costumes. A swashbuckling fan's delight!     