 There has recently been a rebirth of Dickens mini-series and I believe that this is one of the best. For some reason, Dickens is best known for his depressing stuff (a Tale of Two Cities, Great Expectations) but Martin Chuzzlewit is a robust melodrama and it translates very well to the screen. There are actually two Martins in this movie, Martin senior, the wealthy old man who is suspicious of everyone, and his grandson and namesake who Martin Sr. has disinherited. With the heir apparent out of the way, Martin Sr.'s money grubbing relations move in to try to get themselves a piece of the pie when the old man dies. The sneakiest and most odious of the lot is the hypocrytical Mr. Pecksniff. (Look closely, do you recognize the Dashwood sister's father from Sense and Sensibility?) He has a slimy scheme for getting at Martin Sr.'s money and plans to use Martin jr. for it. That, in a nutshell is the plot for the first hour of the movie. Other subplots involve more of Mrtin Sr.'s relatives, the evil Jonas, the subliterate Chevy Slyme and his smooth tongued friend Tigg Montague and of course Pecksniff's daughters Mercy and Charity. All I can say is that I admire the screenwriter's skill in bringing the bulky Dickens tome down to size. Don't get me wrong, I loved the book but I can see it would be difficult to make even a 5 hour mini-series out of it. They eliminate a few minor subplots and almsot all of the American adventure. (This is just as well, Dickens had visited America, hated it, and ranted about the fact through the mouths of his characters for several long passages in the book, very amusing but not the stuff TV drama is made of) Anyone who has seen the original illustartions for the book will be delighted by the movie since the casting, costuming and hair styling is such that the actors look as if they have stepped out of the book. (Tom Pinch and Pecksniff are especially close) A great deal of fun though it takes some time to get into it. My only complaint is that on the box there is a picture that gives away a key plot twist! This was very sloppy and ruined some of the movie for me. My advice, don't look at the box too closely before you pop the tape in if you still want some suprises. ...     