 I am part of the new generation of knitters so I had never seen the famous Sweater Workshop, only heard about it. So, when it was reprinted, I bought a copy immediately. First reaction: Wow Jacqueline Fee has created an incredible, complex-yet-simple system for creating seamless sweaters from the bottom up. All you need is your yarn and some basic math skills to make one-of-a-kind creations that you are sure to love since you designed them. First though, is the sampler. It's sort of like sweater boot camp. Everything you could need to make a basic sweater. Yes, it's true, it does look rather silly but what fun! I hung mine up on my wall for inspiration. With the sampler done, you're ready to start knitting your own sweater. This is whrer the fun begins. Advice to newly designing knitters is sprinkled throughout the book and is greatly appreciated. We learn how to make perfect k1 twisted, p1 ribbing in the round, how many stitches should be in various sleeve styles and learn the glories of the reversable knitted belt. Then there is a whole section on making your sweater unique, by playing with color, using music to make a striping sequence (!) or using yarns that were not meant for knitter. A wealth of information and a great bibliography to back it up. Fee has a chatty, outspoken writing style that is easy and enjoyable to read. She had plenty of knitting opinions that may open up new options. (I too am an English-style knitter who doesn't mind purling!) Naturally, I don't agree with absolutely everything (I am very fond of my interchangable tip knitting needle set) but it is refreshing to hear new opinions. Not all of the designs pictured in the book appealed to me personally but what does it matter since we will be customizing our own? This and the fact that I am a big spiral-binding fan are the only reservations I have about this book. Other than that, a wonderful book for knitters! So, if you have ever had any thought of knitting your own sweaters or if you have some yarn you bought on sale but can't find a pattern for, I hope you will try this book.     