 I am a huge fan of English cozy mysteries but am fast running out of shows. So, I decided to try something a little more serious and "A Touch of Frost" sounded interesting so I took a chance. What first struck me when watching it was how real everything looked. David Jason, in the title role, looks like a real cop, the town looks like a real town and the people act like real people. The situations are dramatic but you always believe in the characters. Frost is a sloppy, intelligent, gruff and thoroughly likable character in spite of, or maybe because of, his rough edges. The mysteries are literate and manage to get their point across without being horrifically graphic. (Though there is violence and some innuendo and a very brief glimpse of a breast, I can't recommend this show for children) "Care and Protection"- When the young daughter of a local woman goes missing, Frost is called in. Relieved, since he is dealing with a terminally ill wife, Frost sets to work. But when a decades old corpse with a severed arm and a suitcase attached is discovered during the search for the girl, Frost finds himself dealing with two cases at once. In this episode, he is teamed up with the fairly amiable but spoiled nephew of the superintendant. Very good episode that deals with the triple drain on Frost's emotions, his dying wife, a cold case he didn't want and the missing child whose chances for survival decrease as time passes. "Not With Kindness"- Following the death of his wife, Frost is at odds with her Americanized sister. Meanwhile, a papergirl's body is discovered in a graveyard and she may or may not be a victim of rape. The subplot deals with an affluent couple who are being harassed by phonecalls and and deadly practical jokes. Frost is partnered with an even sloppier career cop who has an irritatingly happy family life. A rather sad episode that deals with the dangers of grief. "Conclusions"- A fatal hit-and-run leads Frost to the spoiled rotten son of a mamber of parliament. Meanwhile, there has been a robbery at a local casino and an armed and dangerous fugitive is loose in the area. When a patrolman is brutally murdered, the manhunt is on. Frost is partnered with a surley new transfer who has a perfectly rotten homelife and a brooding manner. He's almost too surly for Frost! I highly recommend this series to all fans of cozies who are ready to try something a little more serious and to any mystery fan, especially if you want something a little more realistsic than is offered in this country.     