 D.W. Griffith is considered by many to be the father of modern film. While he did not invent many of the camera techniques that were employed in his films, he was the first to use so many of them effectively. This collection is from his early days, thus the title, at Biograph studios. At this time in the history of film, movies were looked down on as third class entertainment. American movies often could not hold a candle to pre-WWI European films. This was truly the birth of cinema as we know it. The set opens with a humorous short about the annoyances of Edwardian hats in a movie theater and then moves on to more serious fare. The Sealed Room is a good example of the Victorian macabre that was still so popular in those days. The filming is primitive and the acting is stagey but you can see that it is a quality piece of work. From this point forward, we see Griffith grow more and more sophisticated in his story-telling. The collection is surely valuable to a student of film but as a casual dabbler, I also found it interesting. The movies have an innocent quality to them not to be found in any era since. It is not without irony that 1914 was the last year for the dominence of the short feature film. The music in this series is both accurate and enjoyable. The commentary is good although I would have liked a bit more. Fans of later silent films will enjoy seeing favorites such as Mary Pickford and Lionel Barrymore (the former appears as an extra in The Sealed Room) in their early years. My favorite films in this collection were The Sunbeam, a romantic comedy believe it or not; The Painted Lady, a psychological melodrama; The New York Hat, a Pickford/Barrymore film showing both at their best; and For his Son, an anti-cola propaganda film. The Unseen Enemy is great because it is the first screen appearance of the Gish sisters. Not all of the movies are easy to watch by modern standard but all are interesting, if only to see the differences in the various locations in the space of 90 years! Most of the films have good picture quality, though a few (Those Awful Hats, the New York Hat) have obvious fading and print damage. A new set of D.W. Griffith films has just been released and it includes Birth of a Nation, Intolerence and Orphans of the Storm. However, iof you are just interested in his short films or already own his longer ones, a suggest buying this set.     