 This book is an ideal first pattern book for a brand new knitter but what good is it to a more advanced knitter? Let me explain. (I have a year of knitting under my belt and three completed sweaters to show for it not including the one I am going to talk about) I bought some very nice cotton worsted weight on a whim because it was on sale. I had no idea what I would do with it. Then, a special occasion came up. I had a dressy skirt but no top to go with it. Since the yarn was black, I knew it would match but I needed a FAST pattern to get my top done in time and the gauge was too thin for me to speed through. I chose the back button cardigan in this book and made it with doubled yarn. Lovely! There you have it, this book is great for what I would call emergency knitting. You need a sweater pronto for a gift, an outfit, a wedding, whatever. Obviously, needle size 3 intarsia creations would be out when you only have a weeks notice. In addition, the introduction is very informative and the troubleshooting tips are well illustrated. I agree, the yarn is rather pricey but then I feel that if I am going to invest my time in a garment, I should buy the best yarn I can afford. I have had a year of happy knitting as a result of this philosophy. And, the higher the quality of the yarn, the longer your garment will last in all likelihood. You're making heirlooms here! And, as noted earlier, it is easy to substitute yarns due to the format of the book. (I would not suggest a beginner going outside of the basic yarn "type", though. Cotton for cotton, wool for wool is best if you are not yet familiar with the results of changing materials.) In my opinion, complaining about the simplicity of a book titled SIMPLY beautiful sweaters is like getting angry at a school course called BASIC English for being basic. There was no false advertising involved. The authors delivered what they promised. This book has paid for itself in my eyes and I hope everyone will give it a fair chance. Remember, knitting doesn't have to be complicated to be beautiful. Happy knitting!     