 I am a 21 year old self-taught (now intermediate) knitter and I must say that this book has pleased me greatly. I am somewhat conservative, preferring to express myself with sassy colors and yarns rather than oddball styling. Most books for young knitters feature dreadful intarsia sunflowers, pompoms and enough fringe to supply a hippy for months! So, I was cautious but I found this book to be a delight. The 18 patterns in the book are fairly simple making this an ideal second book for a brand new knitter. (The first, of course, should be a good general knitting book) There are small boxes of knitting info sprinkled throughout. For example, the section on making a sweater fit well is informative and useful especially to knitters who like a sleek silhouette. Fortunately, the author respects her audience's intelligence and her constant admonition is to tweak the sweaters to fit the way YOU like it. All the yarn info is supplied so it would be quite easy to make substitutions. Now this is where taste comes in. With any book of patterns, it is good to keep in mind that everyone has their own taste and it is not possible to please everyone. THIS young knitter thought the patterns were cute and fun. The Boyfriend sweater got the guy stamp of approval (most guys HATE froufrou sweaters, this one's nice and simple but with enough texture interest to keep a knitter happy), the watchcap is another sure winner and the little bag makes an ideal present for a female friend.  Of course, I suggest investigating this book before you buy, if nothing in it is to your taste then keep looking, you're sure to find a book that is perfect for you. However, the book is fairly inexpensive and provides some valuable info. Good if: you like texture you are knitting for a guy you are new and want some cute, easy patterns you want to fill your wardrobe with winter accessories like hates, mittens and socks Not good if: you are into complex color like mosaic, intarsia or fair isle (this book has no patterns for that) you hate novelty yarns     