 My family bought this series because we enjoyed Penelope Keith so much as Margot Ledbetter in Good Neighbors. I must say that though I enjoyed Good Neighbors, I liked this series much better. Penelope Keith plays Audrey fforbes-Hamilton, a new widow whose family has owned Grantleigh Estate for 400 years. Much to yher snobbish dismay, she is forced to auction the house to cover her late husband's death. The manor is bought by Richard DeVere (Peter Bowles). He is charming and well intentioned but he is (gasp!) in trade and (double gasp!) of Eastern European descent. He naturally makes many a faux pas trying to settle into his new home. He and Audrey are attracted to one another but they are both too set in their ways. He is too blue collar, she is too blue blood. Every episode in the series involves one of Audrey's plots. Either to win Richard, control him, snub him or put him in his place. To make money, to wrangle her way back into the manor, to run the Girl Guides or to save the town's railway station. She is aptly described by another character as a female bossy boots. And a very amusing one, I must add. Richard is usually caught unprepared by the Audrey onslaught but he wins a few battles himself. It's all great fun. While it is easy to make a big deal of the two very talented lead actors, the supporting cast is also very good. The slippery vicar; Audrey's mousy best friend Marjory; the grumpy shop keeper; and Richard's mother "Mrs. Pooh" are all great character actors and greatly add to the overall series. Unlike many sit-coms, To the Manor Born has something of a linear plot line. (Though not so much of one that you cannot watch an episode on it's own) And it has an actual ending. A very nice one too. The humor style is quite British so if you are not a fan of Brit-coms, you probably won't like it. If you feel you will like the series, I encourage you to buy the complete set rather than piece meal. Partly because of the linear plot line and partly because you will be hungry for more. This is a great series for snow days and when you are under the weather. It is suitable for children and very amusing for adults.     