 I must admit I initially hesitated to buy this book. Even when I saw that its price was extremely reasonable, I still balked. After all, I'd built a pretty extensive collection of Spanish reference books, and I hate spending money to get information I already have or know. Incidentally, after having studied Spanish for four years and even taking an advanced Spanish lit class in college, I was slowly preparing to take my state's test to become a certified translator. I figured this book couldn't possibly do me any good. How wrong I was!  While at a bookstore, I gave "Correct Your Spanish Blunders" a thorough once-over. The more I read, the more I became convinced that I needed this book. I am just about to finish reading the last 20 pages or so, and my highlighter has been going almost nonstop. I'll provide some examples of what I mean, but the book's format deserves a brief mention. "Correct Your Spanish Blunders" is divided into three sections: pronunciation and spelling, grammar, and vocabulary. The grammar section is by far the longest and is divided mostly along the lines of the parts of speech. Now, it doesn't take a rocket scientist to know that nouns and verbs are the flesh and blood of any language, but author Jean Yates gives even the lowly preposition its due in this book -- more than 30 pages.  It's info like this, though, that has more than justified my purchase of this book: 1. "Both the imperfect and the preterit of 'poder' may be translated as 'could,' and both the imperfect and the preterit of 'tener que' may be translated as 'had to.' (But) [t]he imperfect is used to describe a situation before its resolution. The preterit refers to a situation after its resolution." 2. "'Delante de'" and 'enfrente de' both mean 'in front of,' but they do not express the same concept. 'Delante de' expresses the concept 'ahead of,' as in a row or line. 'Enfrente de' expresses the concept 'facing.'" 3. I'd often wondered why the Spanish title of one of Paulo Coelho's books was "A orillas del rio Piedra, me sent y llor" as opposed to "A *las* orillas ..." This book gave me the answer (and, as a nifty bonus, told me the rules of capitalization that apply to book and article titles in Spanish).  If you are an SSL member of the human race and you already knew the three tidbits above, pat yourself on the back because that's getting way deep into Spanish mastery. You probably don't need Jean Yates' help. Note to all the others: even the best Spanish teacher can correct only so many errors. If the thought of avoiding 99 percent of common mistakes sounds good to you, plunk down the money for this book and immediately dispel any fears of parting with some of that hard-earned dinero. Besides correcting your mistakes, you're almost certain to add nuance and panache to your Spanish. Y para colmo (and to top it all off), "Correct Your Spanish Blunders" is fairly small in size. You can take it with you for study or leave it on your reference shelf. But do keep an eye on it; it's likely to be the object of envy. Last of all, please join me in thanking Jean Yates for this godsend of a book (she's an adjunct assistant Spanish prof at George Washington University; her e-mail address is jeany@gwu.edu).       