 Let's start with what I like about this book. The author's scholarship is first-rate. It is obvious she did extensive and exhaustive research, and as a result, citations abound in this dictionary. In terms of its treatment of slang, "Diccionario del Argot" reminds me a bit of the English book "Expletive Deleted". I would challenge anyone to find a more authoritative reference work on Spanish slang.  The last two words of the preceding sentence lead me to my major beef with this book. I should have read the publisher's book description more carefully. If I had, I would have noticed that "Diccionario del Argot" is a guide to contemporary usage "in Spain." Despite the author's praiseworthy effort and intent, I have noticed a glaring lack of Latin American slang in this book. According to the preface, the dictionary contains words from both sides of the Atlantic. That may be true, but I generally see a distinct slant toward the Iberian Peninsula.  Here's a case in point. I have consulted several dictionaries of Spanish slang in search of a detailed explanation of the word 'carteluo.' As best as I can tell, the word's usage is limited to Venezuela. Michael Mahler's "Dictionary of Spanish Slang and Colloquial Expressions" is the only one I've found that even lists this word, but the definition provides scant information. I was encouraged when I saw the thorough treatment of words in "Diccionario del Argot", and I was that much more disappointed not to find 'carteluo' among its entries.  All the previous reviewers gave this book five stars, but for me personally, its usefulness thus far merits only three stars. Perhaps in the future it will become a more valuable reference book. On a more positive note, kudos to Delfin Carbonell Basset for having the persistence to see her magnum opus through to the end. Also, her dedication of the dictionary to the late Camilo Jose Cela, Spanish novelist and Nobel laureate, inspired me to explore Cela's works. She has my thanks for that.      