 Anyone who wants to buy an up-to-date, unabridged Spanish-English dictionary can choose from three heavyweight contenders: Larousse, Oxford and Harper Collins. I was leaning toward the Oxford (its cover boasts of some 800,000 entries) until I read a review from Publishers Weekly. That review, in part, reads as follows:  Though its layout is the least elegant of the three, the Harper Collins provides the strongest coverage of Latin American slang. For example, it's the only dictionary we reviewed that gave all the various meanings of perico, a curious word that, depending on the context and location, can mean parakeet, toupee, cocaine, milky coffee, or scrambled eggs with fried onions. The Harper Collins dictionary also goes a step further than grammar review with its "Language in Use" section, which presents a painstaking introduction to business writing style in both English and Spanish. This section, which helps readers find equivalents for such hard-to-translate expressions as "Me he enterado con gran tristeza de la muerte de tu..." for "I was very sad to learn of the death of...," teaches users how to phrase a job application letter, how to pronounce an e-mail address, and how to draft an official apology, among other business necessities. ...  I also noticed three of the online reviewers at this site wrote that the Oxford has a flimsy cover that is prone to ripping. That was the clincher for me. I wanted the best dictionary for my money -- one that was both thorough and durable, especially given the expense of buying a hardcover unabridged dictionary. The Harper Collins has been worth every penny. The "Language in Use" section mentioned above is fabulous and might be this dictionary's most practical feature. And as a translator, I need as much information on usage and connotation as possible. Once again, this dictionary more than makes the grade. Bear in mind it's a desk reference book, not a pocket reference book, so it's hardly the ideal travel companion. But if your needs call for nothing less than heavy artillery, and you want to pay for an unabridged Spanish-English dictionary only once, then the Harper Collins deserves the top place on your list.       