 I'm surprised more people haven't written a review of this book. In fact, I was reading a review of a similar book, "Street Spanish, Volume 1", and the reader who wrote the review stated that "Streetwise Spanish" is the best in this genre. I agree. I have been largely unimpressed with the Street Spanish series, which I have browsed through but never bought. I am proud to say I own a copy of "Streetwise Spanish". The editorial description posted here at Amazon is very thorough, describing all the features and instruction methods of this book, so I'll just add a brief commentary.  I think the dialogues in this book are great. They're based on a variety of everyday situations, which facilitates self-study. In the preface, the authors state that they chose the thematic approach because it helps readers retain new vocabulary words better. Dialogue-based instruction is nothing new, of course, but the problem with many textbooks is the exchanges are stilted, wooden -- and usually just plain lame. "Streetwise Spanish" provides a refreshing departure from the so-called conversations that many other books pass off as examples of language in action.  Besides the realistic dialogue, the book contains vignettes that focus on culture, traditions and literature of the Spanish-speaking world. The essays range from a primer on Spanish names to a primer on "palabrotas" (bad words) and their euphemisms. Another essay describes the preoccupation Chileans have with pigeonholing people into one social class or another, a practice that gives rise to a uniquely Chilean set of slang terms that defy translation. This book links language and culture so well that at times it reads more like National Geographic. BTW, there's also a companion volume, a dictionary/thesaurus. Both are well worth the money, but I've used the dialogue book a lot more.  "Streetwise Spanish" is entertaining and extremely informative. I've read it from cover to cover (well, if you don't count the glossary in the back, that is!) twice so far, and every chapter has at least one satisfying tidbit. You can't help but pasarlo bomba (have a blast). Who knew learning Spanish solo could be so much fun!     