 Era:  1850 Libby's Bostonian life if filled with afternoon teas, high society and everything her heart desired served on a silver platter.  Libby's spouse of less than 10 years, Englander Hugh Grenville is an aspiring, but unsuccessful poet whose fanciful dream of riches leads him to pursue the promise of wealth in the California Gold Rush.  Hugh also leaves behind their two daughters, seven-year-old Eden and four-year-old Bliss.  Deciding there is no way Hugh could survive frontier life and the riggers of hard manual work in the rugged California hills, Libby and their daughters leave home in pursuit of Hugh.  In New Orleans Libby meets handsome and dashing riverboat gambler, Gabe Foster.  Gabe has the uncanny ability to be there whenever Libby and her daughters need assistance, whether it's during the long wagon train across country or the challenging, grueling, demanding and strenuous life in the mining town of Hangtown, California.  Libby's headstrong ingenuity enables her and her daughters to survive while searching for Hugh.  In the meantime, Gabe comes in and out of her life and she finally succumbs to her desire that results in an unplanned pregnancy.  A very ill Hugh is finally located and Libby nurses him back to health and is determined to forget Gabe and build her life with Hugh. During Libby's trials and tribulations, her daughters become ill due to a poor diet, so she enlists the advice of her trusted friends and confidants Ah Fong and Mark Hopkins, to successfully start her own business of raising vegetables which brings her daughter back to good health.  Her vegetable growing venture leads into a successful business.  Eventually she encounters Gabe again and he's gravely ill with smallpox.  With her love and devotion, Gabe is nursed back to health and permanently into Libby's life-this time for good. The book is very good.  If you enjoy a good story of a woman's riches to rags to riches story, you'll enjoy this.  If you want the stories filled with romance, this book will disappoint you as I find it's more of a book of adventure versus romance.     