 1870 Syracuse, New York and San Miguel, New Mexico  Recently widowed New Yorker, Anne McIntire needed to get away, far away with no forwarding address.    Her mother's sister, Emma Hook, her only living relative, just might be where she needs to go and that's in New Mexico.  Two years widowed, Aunt Emma lived with her bachelor sons, Sam and Jay on their large ranch, The Hook.  Yes, Aunt Emma and her San Miguel ranch just might be the place for Anne to spread her wings and fly.  To really soar for the first time in her life.  That's what Anne thought until she got to the desolate and uncivilized dusty town and when an Indian met her at the train station and told her he was her cousin Sam, she thought she had made a mistake, a big mistake!  Anne didn't know her cousin Sam was adopted and half-Apache.  But what an intriguing and handsome man he was!  His heritage didn't prevent Anne's instant attraction and from thinking about the possibilities of exploring what it would be like to be physically loved by Sam!  Wow!  Only in her wildest dreams!  Jay, on the other hand turned out to be vastly different.  He is the biological son of Uncle John and Aunt Emma, conceived shortly after Sam came to live them.  The unspoken secret about Sam didn't prevent Aunt Emma from loving Sam as her own.  Jay, on the other hand grew up hating Sam because he always felt second-best and Jay never failed to try to provoke Sam into displaying his "savage tendencies."  And when Jay sensed Anne's attraction to Sam, he didn't like it one bit and he became even more nasty and vocal.  Both he and Sam knew it was wise that Anne change her mind, but for different reasons and those reasons were not necessarily in Anne's best interest.  Despite Sam's intense fascination and desire for Anne, he knew it just wasn't proper for a respectable and refined white woman to love a half-breed.  Sam was born of two worlds; at home in neither and he was forever at war with himself.  Jay's interest in Anne and really everything else was purely selfish lust, meanness and greed.  Just how far will the despicable Jay go to get what he wants?  Is Anne's determination strong enough to withstand Jay's deviousness?    Over time, Anne wondered if she could convince Sam she really does love him no matter what and that they can overcome any obstacles.  But is it really possible love can withstand the frequent demonstrations of severe and cruel prejudice and the  unceasing displays of hate and near-death physical violence?  Just how much can one be expected to endure?  Despite these problems, how would Sam deal with the truth about Anne if he ever found out?  Her biggest fear is if Sam would be able to live with that knowledge and still make a future with her despite it all?  Was Anne herself truly convinced all these barriers could be conquered?  Is all of it really worth it?  This is a great old Southwest tale and Mary McBride relays it with talent and feeling.  It is a quick and easy read; one you'll thoroughly enjoy!        