 Midday, Texas 1882  Plain, practical and almost twenty eight year-old spinster, Emma Colby now lived alone since her father, the town doctor had died.  Her younger and only sister, the beautiful, spoiled and snooty Rose Ellen married over nine years ago and now lives in Galveston.  Emma now wonders what her purpose in life is.  She used to be a nurse for her father's practice, but since he's gone, she has only the farm and rambling house to keep her occupied.  She figures she best get used to being lonely since her prospects of marriage is next to nothing.  Ever since childhood, Emma has secretly loved the ever handsome, dashing and arrogant Barton Sealy, Midday's sheriff.  Why shouldn't Barton love Emma?  They both come from old and respectable families.  Doesn't she deserve love and happiness?  What would Barton think if he knew of Emma's secret desire?  Young, unmarried, pregnant and poor Lorna McCrae needed help since the town turned their backs on her.  William Sealy, deputy sheriff and brother of Barton is responsible for her scorn.  Lucky for Lorna, Emma takes her into her home and now they both have a purpose.  Not long after that, Sheriff Barton showed up on Emma's doorstep to inform her that a murderous bank-robbing outlaw by the name of Lang Tupper was sighted near Midday and that she best take care.  Sigh!  Barton will never know just how much he is a part of Emma's dreams.    Thump! thump! was the outside noise Emma heard one windy night and she thought it was because the old oak tree in front had finally fallen over.  She investigated and what she encountered was not the tree, but a man with gun shots wounds and he was dying on her porch!  When she leaned closer to examine him, he kissed her!  What is he thinking?!!  What is she thinking to allow such a thing and why did she like it?  Dragging the passionate and unconscious man inside and removing the bullets the way her father has done many times before, she now knew what her purpose in life is.  She'll turn her home into a hospital!  But how will she make money to support such a venture and what is she to do with this stranger she knows is the wanted outlaw?  On one hand, would turning the outlaw over to the sheriff change Barton's opinion of Emma and he'd finally take serious notice of her?  On the other hand, what harm was there in falling in love with this handsome outlaw?    This is a fast, enjoyably fun read that's typical of Harlequin historical romance novels.         