 1879 Tough, independent, smart, savvy, and beautiful seventeen-year-old Texan, Hope Cox, has dreams of owning her own cattle ranch, winning the women's suffrage movement and is passionate about becoming a state legislator.  Her pap, Pat Cox, is a hard drinking, lazy, out-of-work, ex-Confederate horse soldier, cow wrangler, and scout.   During one of his drinking stupors, her pap is accused of helping rob a bank and lands in prison waiting to hang the next day.  Just in time Hope successfully breaks her pap out of prison through a phony governor's pardon and by a crowbar to the warden's crotch.  They immediately sign up for a cattle drive that will travel through Wyoming with the famous "Uncle" John Chisum.  Hope quickly falls in lust for the good-looking trail boss, Jeb Mason.  Jeb also has future political ambitions.  During the trail drive, they encounter a rich Wyoming rancher and his dashingly handsome Irish foreman, Timothy O'Callahan.  The Wyoming rancher pays beyond top dollar to immediately purchase the "cow critters" and deliver them to his ranch.  Hope and Timothy are immediately attracted to each other and Hope must decide which man will win her heart.  Timothy advises Hope to stake out a Wyoming ranch site once they arrive in the Powder River area while Jeb returns to Texas continuing to work for "Uncle" John.  Courageous Hope successfully starts her ranch and passionately lobbies for women's rights and their entitlement to vote.  Through extreme trials and tribulations, Hope and Jeb marry.  Hope becomes a Justice of the Peace and Jeb becomes a U.S. Congressman with his eye on the Wyoming governorship.  Jeb is killed by an explosion and U.S. Marshall Timothy O'Callahan re-enters Hope's life as she is elected Wyoming's first woman governor.   I stuck with the book but struggled through it with a wandering mind.  For a historical western it is superbly realistically told with meticulously explained details; so much so that the crux of the situation could have been explained in just a couple of pages, not as long and drawn out as it was. The heroine is portrayed as a tomboy know-it-all, can-do-it-all educated woman, but she speaks in absurdly ridiculous dialogue.  The male counterparts are not described as magnificently as one hope in a romance novel and it didn't incite a dynamic zing.  I think this reads more like a Zane Grey story rather than a romance novel.     