 1896 Los Angeles, California  Beautiful, intelligent, and insightful twenty four year-old San Franciscan, Amanda Van Patton, could not believe that this was her third in three months and hopefully the last, and she couldn't wait until it was over!    When Amanda was thirteen, she was sent by her mother to be raised by distant but extremely wealthy Van Patton relatives.  The Van Patton family are very good friends of the wealthy Los Angeles Hastings family.  The two families got together many times over the years and now in two days Cecilia Hastings is getting married and Amanda is representing the Van Patton family.  Years ago when Amanda first met Cecilia and her then, nineteen year-old handsome brother, Nick Hastings, it was love at first sight!  Though Nick barely noticed the then gawky Amanda, Amanda never forgot Nick!  Cecilia is marrying one of Nick's best friends, Aaron St. John, and Nick can't wait until the wedding is over and the household returns to normal.  Two days before the wedding, Nick, Aaron and their other close buddy, Ethan Carmichael, get together to enjoy a last bachelor evening of cigars, open collars, conversation and a bottle of scotch.  One thing led to another and before Nick knew it, he and Ethan had bet a case of scotch that either he or Ethan would be the first to find a wife and get married.  And they only had thirty days to do it!  The next morning Nick couldn't believe what he had bet.  Having just gone through the hectic wedding preparations of two of her cousins in the previous two months, Amanda could barely control her display for lack of enthusiasm.  She would do just about anything to escape this household that's buzzing with the "day before the wedding" preparations.  How is she going to get through just one more day of this?   It had been many years since Nick had seen Amanda and he couldn't believe she was the same Amanda he met years ago.  The awestruck Nick was completely captivated upon meeting her again and the determined Nick wanted to know her better!  At breakfast the day before the wedding, he sensed Amanda wanted to be elsewhere, so he came to her rescue and invited her to tour Los Angeles that day.  After reacquainting with Amanda, Nick wondered if she would be the best candidate to win this outrageous bet!    Will Amanda ever consider a quick marriage to the devastatingly handsome and charming Nick, her first love?  Could she marry him knowing he didn't love her?   This is a delightful book full of humorous and witty dialog and sassy interaction between the characters.  For a fun, easy and quick read, don't pass up this one!     