 1870's in the mining towns of Aspen, Georgetown and Boulder Colorado This saga is about a strong-willed determined woman living amongst silver/gold miners in troubled times trying to achieve her dreams...at whatever the costs. Beautiful Zo Carrigan was born into a world of extreme poverty, drudgery and heavy burdens upon her shoulders, even at an early age.  She grew up never learning how to love and this left her with a bitter determination to achieve respectability along with vast wealth. The only friends she has are a kindhearted soiled dove named Cara Jardeen and a young union rabble-rousing miner by the name of Simon Tremeaine.    Zo knew from a young age that she will do almost anything to achieve her goal, even if it means a loveless marriage. So enters handsome and wealthy Brent Dewitt, the only son of a silver baron. Brent is instantly spellbound by Zoe-now named Laura Champion-mysterious beauty and charm.  Zo immediately sets her cap for Brent with all the assurance of her dreams fulfilled.  Their union is not all as it promised and the spineless Brent abandons Zo-pregnant.  The vindictive Zo plots revenge towards Brent and he discovers he has seriously underestimated the power of Zo's fanatically blinding vendetta. During Zo's greedy obsession, she meets mild mannered, good hearted miner, Grey Sinclair.  With a lot of luck and good business sense, they become partners in a very profitable gold mine and Zo's dream becomes reality.  Of course Grey falls in love with Zoe, but could his love dissolve her vengeful ploy so together they could find peace and happiness?   Throughout Zo's many tragedies and few triumphs, her tried and true friends, Cara and Simon are always in the background. Cara with her words of compassion and encouragement and Simon with his devoted patience and adoration. Simon has been in love with Zo since childhood and he hopes his love is powerful enough to break the icy barrier around Zo's pained heart and melt her deep seated lust for revenge.  But is Simon willing to give up organizing a union strike towards all the mine owners in order to have Zo's love? Are all their lives so completely entangled that unthreading strands of memories, emotions and experiences that hold everyone together nearly impossible for anyone's future happiness? This read is somewhat predictable, but enjoyable none the less.     