 1878 After her father's sudden death, lovely strong-willed Amanda Lenox had no money for the long trip from Boston where she attended Miss Henry's Academy for Young Ladies to her inherited ranch in Seattle.  When she saw an advertisement for a "wilderness expert" for an escort to Pony, Montana, she immediately applied.  She soon discovered the escorted will be the wealthy eleven-year-old brat, Roger Bannister III.  Having no wilderness experience or sense of direction what so ever, the two became lost in the wild beauty of Idaho where she severely sprained her ankle.  Thankfully, ruggedly handsome half-breed Crow Indian, Jacob Blackhawk Chandler, rescues Amanda. Witty barbs as well as sexual sparks immediately started to fly between them!  All of a sudden Roger deathly screams and he mysteriously disappears deep within the woods.  Jacob agrees to help Amanda locate him and escort them to Montana for a ridiculously excessive fee.   While Amanda and Jacob are searching for Roger and his kidnappers, Amanda slowly acknowledges her growing desire for Jacob.  Jacob, carrying severe emotional and physical scars as well as suffering from life-long racial prejudice, is having a hard time denying his smoldering attraction for her.  He feels no respectable white women would ever consider loving a "breed" and Jacob will not subject the beautiful Amanda to a tortured life that would bring, despite Amanda's words of complete love and devotion.  Through many trials and tribulations they finally succumb to their sensual cravings...and upon the kidnappers.   After the life-and-death rescue skirmish, Roger is returned to his father and Amanda pays Jacob his well-earned fee and they go their separate ways.  Amanda sadly realizes Jacob is permanently out of her life and that she must somehow make it to Seattle and try to begin anew.  Jacob now knows he cannot live without his precious Amanda and sets out to find her and profess his undying love despite having devastatingly rejected her.   He realizes he must face his fear that she may now feel that loving a "breed" might not be worth the lifelong pain of discrimination regardless of their untamed passion.   What a book!  It was the best $.99 I spent in a long time!  It's full of explicit sensual desire and heart pumping adventure that will definitely provoke your emotions.   I highly recommend this book!     