 Masonville, Colorado, 1873 After years of hearing from her mother that no man wanted to marry the ebony-haired, too tall, too slender, too outspoken, 21-year-old obvious spinster, Silver Matlock agreed to marry the sweet-talking gambling scoundrel, Bob Cassidy after a whirlwind courtship.  Silver's mother had turned her daughter's wedding into Masonville's society event of the year with virtually the entire town in attendance.  But after waiting for nearly two hours at the alter for Bob, a furious Silver stormed from the church.  A witness to her humiliation was a tall and ruggedly handsome stranger that at that moment was just passing through town.  The stranger was bounty hunter, Jared Newman, on his way to Denver with a captive in tow.   It was soon discovered why Silver was jilted.  The night before swindler Bob broke into the Matlock Mercantile and stole the mortgage money from the safe.  It was all the money in the world they had.   Shamed and devastated, Silver decided to take matters into her own hands so she went to the Denver mortgage company to plead for more time and was granted an extra ninety days before foreclosure would begin.  As the last search effort trying to locate Bob, Silver was put into contact with a bounty hunter and the bounty hunter turned out to be the mysterious stranger she glimpsed on her devastating wedding day.  Being somewhat sympathetic and in extreme desperation for money, Jared agreed to accept the job, despite the fact that Silver insists on helping him even if the pursuit took them cross country.   Jared has a hauntingly devastating past of his own; the brutal murder of his entire family six years earlier.  The search for the killer of his Kentucky loved ones brought him to Colorado and he vowed to continue the pursuit of the killer for as long as it takes to bring him to justice.  Can he perform the much needed job Silver has hired him to do as well as continue his own search?  It's soon evident fireworks fly and the sensual tension is sometimes almost too much for each to endure, but both are determined not to give up.   Could there possibly be a favorable end for everyone involved? You'll thoroughly enjoy this fast-paced, high-drama, can't-put-down novel!   It's a 10 star read!  Don't miss it!     