 England, April 1823  Nicholas Brennan has everything a dashingly good-looking wealthy American Yankee can possess.  He's tall, dark and handsome and speaks with a silver tongue.  At first glance it's apparent he's a rogue and undying cad!  He is also a man driven by revenge.    "Marriage is for fools!"  That is what Trista Fitzgerald firmly stated before she was forced by her father to suffer her first London Season into proper society with her maternal Aunt Esme as her chaperone.  Trista is a headstrong and willful beauty with eyes as green as the first Spring grasses and flowing hair like liquid fire and gold.  All Trista wants is to get through the next three months and return to her tranquil country life.    Nicholas made the journey to London from Richmond, Virginia in pursuit of the solicitor, Oswald Sleeth.  Unfortunately, Oswald met an untimely death two weeks past, but perhaps Oswald's brother, Archibald could make do in his place.  Nicholas needs to uncover the reason for the tragic fate of his family business, Trent Shipping, and to find the person responsible for its ruin.  That person will rue the day of his birth!  Trista's first taste of London was being accosted by a distasteful fat and slimy man with less than respectable intentions.  Fortunately for Trista, Nicholas witnessed the situation and intercepted by stating Trista was his blushing bride.  Fortunately for Nicholas, this man was Archibald Sleeth.  But who's going to rescue Trista from Nicholas?  Nicholas is not a man that accepts the word, "no" despite the outcome.  Trista is a woman whose desires will not stay hidden despite her best efforts to declare otherwise.     Besides the endless monotony of going through the motions in regards to the Season, London is embroiled with the mystery of the "Boudoir Murderer."  Young beautiful women were being savagely molested and beaten before being killed and the assailant's identity is not known.  Is someone purposely stalking young socialites and could Trista be the next victim?  Can she trust anyone other than Aunt Esme?  In a night of stolen passion between Tristan and Nicholas, they are discovered in a steamy compromising position.  A disgraced Trista is now given no choice but to marry the scoundrel.  Playing the character of an unforgivable cad and smooth rogue was part of Nicholas's strategy of revenge and he was even beginning to enjoy the role, but Trista was not part of his plan.  And definitely not marriage!  Now what?  Can he continue his plot and what about Trista?  Is the deception too great and are the lies too entangled to unravel?  What if he is caught?  This saga is absolutely splendid!  The dialog between the characters is electrifyingly sensual and it keeps you glued to the pages!  This book reads quick and easy and is a true find among the oldies and the mystery is delicious addition!  A+ all the way!                