 Norfolk, England 1143  Warrior Armand Flambard is alive and Lady Dominie De Montford of Wakeland must have him!    Lady Dominie is on a mission and her former betrothed Armand Flambard is the only one that can help her.  She doesn't want to think about the hungry winter everyone at Harwood and Wakeland would suffer if they failed to keep the wolf from their door.  Armand is her last and only hope to keep the wolf at bay.  That wolf is Eudo St. Maur, former Earl of Anglia; Wolf of the Fens.    About five years ago, Dominie learned her beloved Armand, her father Baldwin and brother Denys were killed in battle at Lincoln. It was only recently she learned Armand may not have died, but actually joined an Abbey about 30 miles away and was now known as Brother Peter.  One of the reasons for Armand's abandonment was because Baldwin had broken an oath after he pledged allegiance to old king Stephen thus ending Armand's birthright entitlement to Harwood.  Wakeland and Harwood now solely belongs to the De Montfords.  Armand's guilt for killing Baldwin and Denys and his desertion of the fair Dominie lead him to the cosseted life of a humble monk.     Upon persistent provocation from Dominie for Armand to leave the Abbey and lead the defense of Wakeland and Harwood in a standoff against the evil Eudo St. Maur, Armand promised only to train the occupants, not take up arms himself.  Armand could not easily dismiss his vow of non violence or his desire to lead a cloistered life.  What would Dominie do if she learned the real deep-seated reasons for Armand's guilt and the actions behind them?  How can Armand ever again dismiss his craving for the bewitching Domonie?  Is it truly possible for Armand to now completely reject the vows he made so long ago and once again live among the inhabitants of his youth and defend what should have rightfully been his?  Would the people of the villages ever fully forgive his abandonment?    Dominie has reservations of her own.  Can she allow herself to regain the lost love she had for Armand?  If all could be overcome, could lasting harmony be had between them?  Will everything be for naught if St. Maur is not repressed?   This well told medieval novel is a typical tale of a battle for peace, land and love.  I found this story pleasing and Deborah Hale's telling of it makes it worth your time. It's a quick and easy read.        