 Eternity, Massachusetts 1855  For generations, couples have been coming to Eternity, Massachusetts, to exchange wedding vows.  Legend has it that those married in Eternity's chapel are destined for a lifetime of happiness.  This is the story of how it all began and the townsfolk are more than willing to help keep the legend alive.  Many of the people of Eternity were outspoken in their abhorrence of the Fugitive Slave Law, which permitted slaves who had reached free states to be captured and returned to their masters.  Some had joined Reverend Bowman, who was a conductor of the Underground Railroad, a network of abolitionist and free blacks who conspired to lead slaves to Canada.    Abolitionist William Powell, second to Reverend Bowman, was a man secretly committed to a just and dangerous cause and there was no room in his life for the kind of distraction that beautiful Welsh immigrant Bronwyn Davies was fast becoming.  Nor for the passions she was beginning to stir in his long-barren heart.  Bronwyn first arrived in Massachusetts with her little brother and two little sisters to work at Miss Pembrook's School for Young Ladies.  William's younger sister Constance attended that school. When Miss Pembrook and Constance met Bronwyn and her siblings at the pier, Miss Pembrook did not like what she saw and refused to hire Bronwyn.  Constance then persuaded William to hire her as their family cook in hopes it would entice their ill Welsh father to eat to gain back his health.   This quick, enjoyable tale is well told with lots of feeling and is fairly easy to follow.   VOWS is the seventh book in the Harlequin's Weddings, Inc. series.  The first book is WEDDING INVITATION by Marisa Carroll, the second is EXPECTATIONS by Shannon Waverly, the third is WEDDING SONG by Vicki Lewis Thompson, the fourth is THE WEDDING GAMBLE by Muriel Jensen, the fifth book is THE VENGEFUL GROOM by Sara Wood, the sixth is EDGE OF ETERNITY by Jasmine Cresswell and the eighth book is MARRY ME TONIGHT by Marisa Carroll         