 Even though I live in the same city as Peter Jepson-Young did, I never  encountered the news segments he did. It was my mother that told me that  this was the same Peter I knew briefly as a child when he lived in Nanaimo.  So, I bought this  book based on that. I can't give this book more than 2  stars for this reason: although the author (Daniel Gawthrop) has written  well on this subject, the book echoes, probably unintentionally, with the  fact that Peter's life need never have ended this way. It is deeply sad; it  is very moving and (remembering way back, Peter was a sweet and hansome  kid). It's that over-all "pride thing" that eats away at the mind  and spirit well before Aids frequently steps in to ravage the body. I (like  so many others now), have seen Aids kill up close. My real concern over  this book however, lies with the author. Mr. Gawthrop, in writing for a  Vancouver weekly gay  newspaper, told about his experience at a Christian  men's Promise Keepers event. His contempt for those in attendance, he made  no attempt to conceal. While other men near him were praying for a young  man in the immediate group, Mr. Gawthrop reveals that he prayed that the  young man would not exerience the "born again suicide". He shows  his readers that not only does not understand Jesus' command for all that  seek to follow Him and to come into the Kingdom that they must be born  again, he also has the blindness to actually seek to keep an individual  out. Is this not offensive? At the end of the same article, in reference to  the men raising their hands in praise of their Lord, Mr. Gawthrop  tells us  that to him this is reminiscent of 50 years ago in a "place called  Deutschland". Is this not hatred based on ignorance? I almost threw my  copy of "Affirmation" out, but then I thought better of it. Mr.  Gawthrop, as I said, writes well on this subject as it is close to his  heart. Watch out when he takes up his pen to write about something he is in  the dark about.     