 this new effort by the entire bad boy family (excluding 112, shyne, and dream) is truly a masterpiece. after suffering so many losses of artists over the years it's amazing they can release an album like this. newcomers kain, who is surprisingly white, and g-dep impressed me the most on this album, besisdes the far most-talented bad boy artist black rob. here's my track by track breakdown. 1. the saga continues- 5/5 the chicago bulls intro beat really got you into the mood for some dope rhymes. 2. bad boy for life- 5/5- basically a ruff ryders anthem-like song dedicated to bad boy.  3. toe game- not rated- interlude 4. that's crazy- 5/5- it's like "whoa!" pt. 2, with a lot more energy. 5. let's get it- 5/5- first single, black rob is stand-out artist over this electronic beat. 6. shiny suit man- not rated- not really a song, just puffy  dissing the lox and other artists who refer to him as shiny suitman. 7. diddy- 5/5- production by neptunes and catchy chorus make this song 8. blast off- 5/5- puffy's newcomers spit fire over this electronic bass beat which sounds kinda like the "peaches and cream" beat. 9. airport- not rated- interlude 10. roll with me- 5/5- has a slow r n' b beat which guests 8-ball and mjg sound great rapping over. 11. on top- 5/5- the reggae chorus makes me love this song. 12. where's sean- 5/5- the whole crew rhymin about savin puffy, who says he's in trouble. kain shines on this song. 13. child of the ghetto- 5/5- g. dep solo over a dark beat. makes me look forward to copping his new album in september. 14. incomplete- not rated -interlude 15. so complete- 3/5- average r n b artist ruins beat. 16.smoke- not rated -interlude 17. lonely- 4/5- good rappin over electronic bass beat, but annoying chorus by kurupt. 18. i neead a girl- 5/5- good r n' b chorus over slow carriban beat. a verse dedicted to j-lo by p. diddy is in this song. 19. nothing's gonna stop me now- not rated- interlude 20. if you want this money- 5/5- hardcore lyrics by hoodfellaz make this song. 21.i don't like that- not rated -interlude 22. back for good now- 5/5-  a mexican fiesta beat with loon shining a lot, in the middle toward end of song the beat changes allowing p diddy to actually shine as an emcee. 23. can't believe- 5/5- best song on album. bangin bass beat with great vocals by faith and carl thomas. 24. the last song- 4/5- i like the horns,but it didn't leave much of an impression as a bangin last song. 25. thank you- not rated - interlude besides the obvious absence of shyne, this album is flawless. this is possibly the best album of the summer. keep up the production p diddy.     