 ... face it his cds great except for a couple of songs. every single skit is horrible and kim is perhaps the biggesy mistake on a song marshall has ever made. half of the words don't rhyme and the point of the song horrifies me. now to the upsides of the cd. the hilarious under the influence, classic westcoast b*** please 2, and stan which has some of the best lyricism i have ever heard are all standout tracks. another upside: how mathers approaches political and social problems. on the way i am he rebels against the whole community but still has a hit song. the beats are all great most having that my name is feel to them but others like the killer bass on stan are sure to have heads noddin. if u want to hear some great talent and don't analyze lyrics toomuch pick this up. peace out.'s a commercial success  but not a sellout. Whatever paranoia haunts his music haunts his life. This  CD is a must-buy more for hard-core rap fans than for the NSYNC crowd that  has made it so popular..... People who like Eminem should check out other  'underground' MCs who rap pretty insanely. Kool Keith under all of his  alteregos one-ups Eminem in almost every department (including rapping  about being a serial killer.... strangely....) Ice-T is just as raw and his  Body Count stuff would appeal to the same audience (if they get that he's  being funny too....). Even old stuff-- Too $hort-- is lots in the same  vein.... I'd get this disc though... though the first one might be  better....hink that he has no  influence on kids and what they think.  I will agree with Eminem that  there are a bunch of stupid people out there who want to blame their bad  parenting skills on rap music and movies and television but on the same  hand entertainers need to realize the power they hold. Maybe his pile of  money has grown so mountainous that he cant see over it to see the damage  he is doing? argh. I will admit that the album is crafted well, the beats  are on and the rhymes are clever.  I just dont dig what Eminem says. Its  a drag.  To hear Eminem's flippant 'f' you style was amusing. The charm  has worn off. Maybe the fans (or was that 'STAN'?) will wake up and realize  that the people who buy this album are the ones being made fun of.  hmmmm. If you are going to buy it, theres nothing I can say to stop you.   Just remember Vanilla Ice. Angry bleached headed white boy with ghetto  cred that made all the kids go crazy. Just think of Eminem as Vanill Ice,  the remix. zzzzzzz. PS. I gave this album 1 star becuz amazon wont let  you give it zero stars. not because i endorse it.     