 this is a pretty good cd. just a few pointless songs bring it down from a 5 to a 4. it starts out with a word from dr. dre and flex triessome rappin himself which is aight. next is do you the hit single with a dope beat and lyrics which show dmx can make songs with a meaning. next comes lox's jadakiss with his solo song i don't care. kiss is overrated with his annoying nasal voice and this is the worst song on the cd. next comes rnb with genuwine which has a catchy beat and is pretty good. then comes come over by nelly which sounds like e.i. part 2 tho is better because nelly gets into fastpaced rappin. then comes the wickedest with notorious. it takes a while to getinto but finally biggie explodes with great lyricism. rip biggie. then there's a stupid interlude u can just skip past. then comes the ante up remix with m.o.p. and busta providing their flow. big pun's wife remy martin  is also rappin on here. this is one of the best songs. then comes wordz r weapons. this song has a beat kinda like the way i am with eminem swifty and bizarre flowin on here. bizarre has a hilarious verse. next is a freestyle with nature called the needle. nature is supplied with a dope beat tho sounds better when he writes his words first. then is call me drag-on with the police siren beat on which flame-on proves himself as one of the best ruff ryders. next is thug anthem 2000 which broken down is a ruffryder chant over the quiet storm beat. then comes u will never find with in essence. this is average rnb over the quiet storm beat. then faith evans proves her vocal talents on good life. then thesos so def crew remixes did she say. bow ow is average, jagged edgeis average, but jd passin off verses with da brat is tight. yjten comes rockin with hardcore lil kim in which she raps aightbut has no chorus whatsoever. then comes what son what i nwhich cnn feed off eachother in lyrical brilliance. then the murderers do somethin different in theunique feelin the hate which sounds really good. then uhhnnh comes on with the bad seed rappin over an  oompa loompa beat which gives an overall good sound. then shyne sings bad which sounds exactly like a ll his othersongs and is average. then block lockdown comes on in which the dirty douth duo ludacris and infamous 20 show their rugged sound. then three 6mafia and project pat provide another dirty southanthem with break da law 2000. then duck down has an average beat but da franchisestill sounds good with it. this cat can flow. then fine line comes on. this is my favorite song. it has a vilin beat which is very catchy. then rush with lady luck comes on. of course its good becaus luck is the best female rapper. to close this album fabolous ofthedj clue crew freestyles with all kinds of similes and mathaphors. i'm lookin forward to future fabolous product. this album is really good and would've gotten 5 stars without some un needed material. if u like hip hop cop it.     