 this is a pretty good cd after u've listened to it 4 a while. at 1st i wasn't exactly feelin it but after a while i started to like it. odb tho facin some prison problems is actually on 1 track in this cd. the rapper which sounds thebest on this album is ghostface killah. he brings real energy when he flows. meth also sounds real good. even u-god who i used to hate sounds aight on here. rza is a greatproducer. here's what i think of each track on this cd on a 1-5 satr scale: 1. chamber music- 3 stars- pretty averagesong with numerous wu members on here.coulda had a better beat. 2. careful- 4 stars- the chorus is pretty catchy and rza provides nice sound effects 3. hollow bones- 3 stars- the rappin is really good but the girl who sings this chorus is kinda jacked up 4. redbull- 5 stars- redman really brings da pain with former partner meth. not a great chorus but hey when red and meth r together u know its gonna be dope. its just a hobby i picked up in a lobby. 5. one blood under w- junior reed is hard to understand tho after a while i began to really get hooked on this song 6. conditioner- 4 stars-  odb and fellow jailmate snoop feel right at home with this track. catchy chorus: mc conditioner u could never say this boy is an amateur 7. protect ya neck- 5 stars- album's 1st single. best track on cd. rappin is so ill it doesn't need a chorus. 8. let my n's live- 3 stars- i wasn't really feelin nas on this one. even the clan couldn't save this track. 9. i can't go to sleep- 5 stars- this features a new sidde of ghostface rappin really emotionally. hayes also sounds good. 10. do you really- 5stars- i love the beat. meth sounds awesome with it. this is up there with protect ya neck. 11. the monument- 2 stars- busta triestobring energy to this song but it lacks a beat and he sounds terrible.  12. gravel pit- 5 stars- album's 2nd single. meth bring more energy than he has in a long time. 13. jah world- 5 stars- this song is really meaningful. once again ghostface gets emotional but on this track it sounds better. junior reid is easier to understand on this song abotu mistreatment of african americans.  i think if ur a diehard wu fan u should definitely pick this up. also if ur not into hiphop but wanna try something new this is a good recommendation. overall this is better than wu-tang forever, but falls a little short of 36 chambers.     