 I have a confession to make. I'm a Detroiter, and I've always been a Nugent fan. Not so much of his music, just of The Nuge. He's never bothered to become an A-list rock'n'roll star (though he could have) since he's found a way to make a very good living just Being Ted. I love the guy, though he's probably a bit more loveable in smaller doses than this book gives you. A little of his "great spirit", howl at the sky style goes quite a long way. It was a bit disappointing that the book wasn't more biographical. It consists mostly of hunting stories, mixed liberally (if I can use that word in his presence) with his unorthodox but oh-my-god certainly heartfelt philosophy of clean living through killing everything in sight. But he also slides in a large amount of common-sense wisdom. Responsible gun use. Love of family. The insanity of "recreational" drugs. It would be pointless to argue. I've always sorta doubted that Ted NEVER EVER EVER did drugs, even in his youth. I remember the big Amboy Dukes album, which was an anthem to drug use from start to finish. But maybe he just went along on that one occasion, who's to say? I hoped he would address this in his book, but except for one photograph the Amboy Dukes aren't mentioned at all. Oh, well; who of us doesn't try to put a different spin on, or just ignore, foolish things we did when we were teenagers? It's certainly true that they (all those big name rockers from the sixties) did drugs and now they're dead, he went hunting and he's still Ted.  His chapter on Fred Bear was heartwarming. He had been acquainted with Bear from his childhood through his father, an early Michigan bowhunter. But as Ted began to come into his own, Bear had to be coaxed to associate with him. Bear despised everything about the rock and roll "culture", and although Ted was certainly no drug-soaked rocker he also certainly looked the part. But in time Bear became his close friend and mentor. I can imagine how deeply Ted felt his loss. He does a good thing in keeping Bear's name alive. Love him or hate him, he's still Ted. I suspect most of us, down deep where we keep the things we don't admit in public, wish we were him. I certainly do. Hell, I just wish I had his hair.     