 This is probably my least favorite novel in the Hornblower saga, in that  it shows the hero (who by now has become an old friend) is capable of  acting like a bit of a cad. The thing which has always drawn me to the  series is the intricate character study of Hornblower.  He begins as a  deeply serious teenager, becomes a neurotic, driven, and somewhat paranoid  introvert, and gradually matures into a man that others can like as well as  respect. In Lord Hornblower, we see him at last beginning to be  comfortable enough with himself and his position that he can question his  orders, negotiate with his superiors, and sometimes make selfish decisions  without penance.  Even when those decisions are destructive, as when he  offends Barbara, the great love of his life, and then goes off to renew his  affair with Marie. His reaction to the shocking death of Bush, who was  his good right arm through so many other volumes, is instructive.  Where  once he might have despised himself for being so human as to feel grief,  now he at least questions the need for such extreme stoicism and - to some  extent, at least - permits himself to mourn. His actions in winning a  pardon for the mutinous crew are another case.  A younger Hornblower would  have swallowed back his nausea and hanged them all for the good of the  service, believing his convictions to the contrary to be personal weakness.   But now he takes drastic steps to win their freedom as the right thing to  do, even if it throws the alliance into doubt. For a person just  discovering the Hornblower books, Lord Hornblower is not the place to  start.  A much better starting point would be Beat to Quarters, the first  book in the "Captain Hornblower" trilogy.  This was the point at  which Forester began writing about Hornblower, and it contains a certain  amount of backstory which helps the reader understand what makes this  complex and sometimes difficult character tick.  A completist might really  begin at the beginning with Midshipman Hornblower.  But if you haven't read  this series, you should.  Though in many ways I find the Aubrey/Maturin  stories superior, I can say with conviction that you really can't consider  yourself a complete human being unless you can quote large passages of the  Hornblower saga from memory.     