 The operas of Handel are surely an acquired taste, the opera seria format seeming stiff and contrived to modern listeners.  But if you develop an apetite for them, you may just find yourself becoming addicted.  This new  recording of "Alcina" could be just the ticket to start newcomers  on the road toward falling in love with Handelian opera. This is not the  first complete recording of "Alcina." Two others, with Joan  Sutherland and Arleen Auger in the title role, exist but are currently  unavailable in the United States.  However, this recording excels in making  the characters human, the situations moving and valid, and the emotions  palpable.   The first glory of the set is undoubtedly the singing of  Renee Fleming in the title role.  Her voice improves on her recorded  predecessors by not only being exceptionally beautiful but irresistably  sensuous as well.  Her singing of Handel is a revelation, when her first  aria is launched with a voice of fullness, warmth and creamy tone.  This is  no standard "period" soprano a la Emma  Kirkby, but a real woman:  Fleming believes in this character and her emotions, and makes her  sympathetic to us.  Her complete dramatic involvement make Alcina a living,  breathing being, rather than a posturing cardboard nightingale. Susan  Graham is equally effective as Ruggiero, her voice as warm and beautiful as  Fleming's.  She may lack the full dramatic commitment to the character that  Fleming has, but then Ruggiero is not as developed as Alcina.  She does,  however, contribute an exquisitely shaded and nuanced version of  "Verdi prati." Natalie Dessay's frequent excursions into the  altissimo range may bother some purists (she caps "Tornami a  vagheggiar" with a high F), but for my money her embellishments are  right on for the flighty character of Morgana.  Her voice remains sweet,  clear, and slightly reedy, contrasting well with the other sopranos in the  cast. The rest of the cast is good, if without the degree of commitment  and polish exhibited by the three leading ladies.  Kathleen Kuhlmann  repeats her Bradamante from the Auger set, sounding firm if rather  unyielding in tone and with aspirated coloratura.  Juanita Lascarro is  light and pure as the child Oberto, although it would have been nice to  have a boy soprano sing the part, as it was done in Handel's time.  The men  are also good, if unexceptionable.  The chorus sings well but is difficult  to understand. William Christie shapes the performance beautifully; this  may be his best work to date.  Les Arts Florissants plays with energy and  crisp ensemble, embellishing the da capos right along with the  singers. For those wary of live recordings, fear not.  A few odd sonic  balances aside, the sound is excellent, arias better than the recitatives.   Applause comes at the end of each act, so the flow remains uniterrupted  within the piece. I wouldn't want to be without the two earlier  recordings of "Alcina," but for an experience that makes the work  vital and exciting, as well as a near-perfect reading of the title role by  Renee Fleming, give this set a try.     