 John Pielmeier's play "Agnes of God" opened on Broadway in 1982 with a cast that included Elizabeth Ashley, Geraldine Page, and Amanda Plummer.  It tells the tale of a young novice who has been sheltered from the world all her life.  One night, she is found unconscious in her convent room after having given birth to a baby, which is found dead in a wastebasket.  This shocking incident gives rise to a whole set of questions: Who was the father?  Why did no one know about Agnes' pregnancy?  Is she really as simple and naive as she seems?  And, most importantly, who killed the baby? The play features three terrific roles for actresses: Agnes, the Mother Superior, and the court-appointed psychiatrist, Dr. Livingstone.  The script is not without its flaws: the science vs. faith conceit is played out a little too simply, and some of the symbolism is heavy-handed to say the least (the doctor trades her obsessive chain-smoking for an obsessive fixation on Agnes).  The play was also made into a rather tepid movie which unwisely opened up the claustrophobic office/convent interview scenario and added superfluous characters and subplots.  Meg Tilly and Anne Bancroft both earned much-deserved Oscar nominations for their excellent performances, but Jane Fonda is miscast and less than obsessive in the role of Dr. Livingstone. This audio recording, however, makes one forget any flaws in the script and completely erases any sour memory of the misjudged film version.  It is gripping in every way.  Harriet Harris carries the show in a bravura performance as Dr. Livingstone ("X-files" fans will remember her from the terrific "Eve" episode).  She is not afraid to be curt and unlikable, and she carries a chip on her shoulder the size of a Buick.  Every shifting emotion is immediately audible in her highly expressive voice: wry condescenion, bitter regret, volcanic rage, and aching sorrow all come into play.  Her final, gut-wrenching monologue is absolutely harrowing.  With a performance like Harris', visuals become unnecessary. Harris' force-of-nature portrayal could easily overwhelm less accomplished co-stars, but Barbara Bain and Emily Bergl more than hold their own.  Bain is sympathetic and likable as the Mother Superior, a welcome contrast to Harris' caustic doctor.  She matches Harris step for step in their emotional confrontations and gives equal weight to the Mother's deep sense of spirituality and the earthier, more secular side of the character.  This is no caricature, but a flesh-and-blood human being. Emily Bergl (who was the one bright spot in the otherwise limp "The Rage: Carrie 2") makes a perfect Agnes: childlike, eager to please, and slightly otherworldly.  She gives her ludicrous answers to the doctor's questions in such a matter-of-fact manner that one simply can't write her off as insane.  Because of her utter conviction in everything she says, we as listeners must at least consider the fact that the visions and voices she sees and hears might be real.  Bergl also fully commits to her emotional moments with the doctor.  Harris is often so brutal with the psychologically fragile Bergl that one almost wishes Child Protective Services would come in and whisk Agnes away.  Bergl's singing voice -- an important aspect of Agnes' character -- is childlike and unspoilt, adding to the sense of Agnes' purity.   Sound effects are used sparingly but judiciously, such as the flick of a lighter letting the audience know that the doctor has lighted a cigarette.  Credit must be given to director Nancy Malone, who has shaped the rhythm and pace of the piece with the expert skill of an orchestral conductor.  Under her guidance, the three actresses sound like a finely-tuned ensemble, with Bain's earthy alto, Harris' reedy mezzo, and Bergl's soft-grained soprano playing together as exquisitely as virtuoso instruments.  Audio theatre doesn't come any better than this.     