 When a contingent of mostly British forces performs the red-blooded Italian Verdi Requiem, most listeners would expect results to be a little . . . well, staid.  Fortunately, that is not the case here. When this  recording was first released, it was announced as the first complete  digital recording on one disc (almost all other recordings require two  discs).  This made me a little suspicious, as indeed do all marketing  ploys.  What matters is the performance, and what we have here is a good  one.  Richard Hickox has several other excellent recordings of masses and  oratorios to his credit, and this one is no exception.  He shapes and  moulds the line with an almost unerring rightness and slights neither the  passion nor the piety within this score.  Despite the fact that the piece  is on a single disc, none of the speeds feels rushed. For his soloists,  Hickox has chosen a team of mostly unknowns, with the exception of Robert  Lloyd, whose tone has grown woolly over the years.  However, Lloyd sings  with conviction and strength, as do the tenor and mezzo, Gabriel Sade and  Markella Hatziano.  Best of all is the soprano, Michele Crider.  She has  gotten some bad reviews for the few recordings she has made (this one,  Amelia in "Ballo" and Margherita in "Mefistofele") but  I simply cannot understand why.  The voice is full and warm, with a stong  lower range and a gleaming top.  However, for this work the soprano also  needs plenty of pianissimo on high.  Happily, Crider can deliver the goods  here as well, with notes that hang delicately suspended in the air with an  almost supernatural beauty.  She is less dramatically involved here than  she was in her "Ballo" recording, but then again this is not an  opera.  She hasn't recorded anything for a few years now -- I certainly  hope we haven't heard the last of her. Chorus and orchestra are both fine  -- the choir is not on the same level as Robert Shaw's in this work, but  then whose is?  The one small snag is that the recorded sound can tend to  overbrightness, with an occasional edge on the violins.  However, this is a  very minor quibble.  If you have room in your collection for another Verdi  Requiem, or if you are coming to this work for the first time, this  recording is enthusiastically recommended.     