 Massenet's "Manon" may very well be the luckiest recorded opera there is.  If there is a poor studio version of this French charmer, I have yet to hear it.  Beverly Sills' version comes close to perfection, and we have stylish and excellent entries from Ileana Cotrubas and Angela Gheorghiu as well.  But perhaps this early Monteaux recording is best of all, capturing the real flavor of the Opera-Comique and fielding, except for Victoria de los Angeles in the title role, an entire cast of native French speakers. Everyone sings stylishly and with great attention to words and drama.  Michel Dens is a swaggering, virile Lescaut with a handsome baritone which displays a little thinness only on top.  Henri Legay is a true French tenor, lightweight and heady, with style to spare.  He opens "Ah, fuyez douce image" with a beautifully supported pianissimo and builds his phrases nicely, never straining or blasting. The real star of the show, however, is Madame de los Angeles.  She is a natural charmer, and this role fits her like a glove.  She cannot give us the high coloratura options that Sills does, but she does have a warmer, fuller tone.  Her delivery is less self-conscious and artificial than lesser Manons, and she never stoops to trying to sound coy or girlish in Act One.  Instead, she sings naturally, with that delicious smile in the voice, and we as her listeners are bewitched.  This is a Manon one always can sympathize with, even in her petulant and self-absorbed moments. Monteaux conducts with energy and vigor, although the traditional stage cuts are observed.  The sound is excellent mono, clear and full, never boxy like some of the early Callas recordings.  The spoken sections have a tendency to sound "tracked in," which they most likely were, at a later date. Which is the best "Manon?"  It really is a toss up between this and the Sills recording.  Depending on how my mood strikes me, I might choose one over the other, but it is a tough call.  If you have a preference for Sills or De Los Angeles, let that be your guide.  Otherwise, if your budget allows, I truly recommend you have both recordings in your collection.  They are masterpieces.     