 While it may be cliche, the old maxim rings true here: they just don't make them like this anymore.  True, this set has its drawbacks, but a performance like this makes any such quibbles easy to forget. Firstly,  mention must be made of the exceptional cast assembled here: virtually  everyone is excellent.  Pride of place must go to Elisabeth Grummer's  excellent Hansel.  While this is a part normally assumed by mezzos,  Grummer's lovely soprano has enough weight in the lower range to present no  problems with the low tessitura.  The higher-lying passages are,  predictably, no problem for her.  Her voice remains radiantly beautiful  throughout, and her characterization is sweetly boyish without being  cloying (a trap many interpreters of these roles fall into). Elisabeth  Schwarzkopf is a singer whose recordings continue to fascinate decades  after they were made.  Casting her as Gretel is an unusual choice (she  normally took on slightly weightier roles -- she and Grummer, in fact, sang  many of the same parts) and while she has to work to sound childlike, her  way with the text is unmatched by any recorded Gretel.  Her minx-like  teasing of Hansel or her gauzy wonder at the appearance of the gingerbread  house are just two notable examples.  She also sings her Act 2 opening solo  with a hushed innocence: for once, Gretel actually sounds like she's  singing a folk tune to herself. The rest of the cast is quite good, if  without the obvious excellence of the two leads.  Else Schurhoff's Witch is  fine; she really sounds like an old crone, but manages to sound  frighteningly imposing when casting her spell.  Maria von Ilsovay and Josef  Metternich are both good, and Anny Felbermayer's soft-grained, childlike  tone is right-on for her otherworldly assignments.  She is marginally  better as the Dew Fairy.  What really sets the entire cast apart, however,  is their scrupulous attention to the text and the interplay between  characters.  Everyone seems to be listening to each other, and that  concentration and involvement really shines through. The sound,  particularly in this remastered version, is excellent: not a digital sonic  spectacular, true, but you'll probably forget you're listening to a mono  recording. I'm not crazy about Herbert von Karajan's conducting in this  piece.  The loftier sections are really wonderful, but the lighter moments  lack the propulsion and fleetness to really sweep us along (the awakening  scene seemed interminable here).   For the best recording of Hansel and  Gretel, I'd recommend the Kurt Eichorn recording with Helen Donath and Anna  Moffo.  It also contains the best Sandman, Dew Fairy, and Witch (Christa  Ludwig) on records.  But if you have room for another classic recording,  don't pass this one up.     