 Yes, heavy New York accents are just one of the many delights to look forward to in this little gem of a B-movie.  What might be seen on the  surface as a standard teens-at-camp stalk 'n' slash fest is elevated to the  level of pure camp (in all senses of the word) ecstasy through the use of  some truly bizarre plot devices and themes. First, mention must be made  of the overt gay themes and homoeroticism in the movie, unheard of in most  films in this genre.  Young Angela and her brother Peter are being raised  by a gay couple, while activities at the camp are pervaded over by  thickly-muscled Italian jocks wearing short-shorts and midriff T-shirts.   There is also a gratuitous all-male skinny-dipping scene.  Even stranger is  the fact that director Robert Hiltzik is, apparently, straight. Now throw  into the mix some acting that is either outright bad or sublimely hammy and  scenery-chewing.  Loony Aunt Martha and the venomous Judy (who wears a  T-shirt bearing her name, in case you forget who she is) give the ultimate  in over-the-top characterizations which end up being loads of fun.  The  three youngest actors (Jonathan Tiersten, Felissa Rose, and Christopher  Collet) give the most natural and convincing performances. Then add some  clever murder sequences (Judy's nasty demise being one of my all-time  favorites) which fulfill the gore requirement without resorting to buckets  of blood.  In fact, I think only one death scene contains any significant  amout of blood. Now, for the piece de resistance, give the film one of  the most jaw-dropping endings in horror cinema.  Another, more famous film  used the same idea ten years later, but let's remember that "Sleepaway  Camp" was there first (Once you see the scene, you'll know exactly  which other film I'm talking about).  You've got to give everyone involved  in this movie credit for having the guts to give the film an ending like  this. One word of caution: if you are not a fan of slasher pics or  grade-B cult classics, you will not like this picture.  If, however, you  have a real affinity for the genre and a true affection for the  considerable charms of low-budget, campy horror films and have not yet seen  "Sleepaway Camp," give yourself a real treat and get this  movie. (A Note: the DVD contains a commentary track by director Hiltzik  and star Felissa Rose, but it is maddeningly uninformative.  When asked how  a certain scene was shot or an effect was achieved, Hiltzik most often  simply states that it was "movie magic."  A disappointment for  those of us who were waiting for this DVD.)     