 Perhaps no task is as daunting to the classical music novice as choosing a recording of Handel's "Messiah."  It is a given that no one recording will satisfy all points equally well, although some come close.  Suzuki's recording with the Bach Collegium Japan will probably not be any listener's first choice, but there are enough good things here to recommend this set. The recording is a period performance, and one on a smaller-scale than most: 21 choristers, 20 orchestral players.  It is a credit to Suzuki and his ensemble that the music nevers sounds thin or emaciated -- rather, there is a beautiful, delicate, other-worldly transparency that results.  This is one of the rare recordings that really makes "Messiah" a spiritual experience rather than an excuse to cash in on the familiarity of the music. The choir sings beautifully, always clean and with really jaw-droppingly accurate runs.  Listen to the "we have turned" melismas in "All we like sheep" and you'll know what I mean.  The orchestra is equally fine; they can produce a full dramatic sound when necessary, but clarity and taste are always present. The soloists are a mixed bag.  I'm disappointed in the men -- John Elwes has some truly bizarre pronunciation issues and it feels like he's attacking the text rather than enunciating it.  David Thomas sounds worn and dry, and his coloratura is approximate, with some notes only guessed at. However, the higher-voiced soloists are from another plane entirely -- they sound angelic, unearthly.  Both have soft-grained voices with just enough vibrato to add interest.  Neither would be my first choice to hear in this music, but they fit Suzuki's concept of the score brilliantly.  Each has coloratura that rises naturally out of the line and becomes part of the line itself, rather than just an excuse for technical display -- I've never heard these passages sung like this in any other "Messiah" recording.  It reminds the listener that coloratura was a normal part of Baroque vocal expression and should be treated as such.  Tasteful vocal ornamentation is allowed, as well, which I like.  The pronunciation of Mr. Mera and Ms. Suzuki is also excellent -- an occasional odd vowel sound aside, you'd never guess that these weren't native English speakers. This is a recording that reminds us how special this music is and how easy (and dangerous) it can be to become accustomed to bland, mechanical performances of this masterpiece.  The tenor and bass soloists aside, this is a fine recording -- not a first choice, perhaps, but one recommended to augment a personal favorite.     