 I bought this set ten years ago when it first came out and thought it was absolutely incredible.  I recently listened to it through again and my opinion of it has only grown.  "Show Boat" is a revolutionary  musical in the history of the genre.  First produced by Florenz Ziegfeld in  1927, it was not only ground-breaking but tremedously popular.  This  recording aims to present all the music written for the show; this includes  variants, substitutions, cuts -- you name it, this set has got it.  Indeed,  the shock of the first word ("Niggers") sets the tone for this  set.  "Show Boat" never aims to be easy: it challenges prevailing  racial attitudes by showing the past as it was, not whitewashing the  unfortunate truth. Fortunately, besides a wealth of wonderful music and  challenging drama, the cast, chorus, conductor, and orchestra are all  top-notch.  Frederica von Stade takes the pivotal role of Magnolia with  charm and sincerity.  While one may wish for a true soprano timbre in the  role, von Stade's performance is so winning that any misgivings are quickly  set aside.  Teresa Stratas as Julie sings ravishingly: after hearing  "Can't Help Lovin' Dat Man" and "Bill" in the original  soprano keys, you'll be discontent with the belter Julies normally heard  today.  Jerry Hadley, Bruce Hubbard, Karla Burns, David Garrison, and Paige  O'Hara are all equally suited to their roles and perform with total  commitment and great zest. John McGlinn is to be commended for his work  toward restoring the guts and heart to "Show Boat" after years of  its mistreatment as an operetta.  It is not that: this is an American  Opera, as surely as "Porgy and Bess" and "Street  Scene," and McGlinn's care and passion for this score show in every  bar. When I listened to this set all the way through a few days ago, I  found tears coming to my eyes during the final reprise of "Ol' Man  River."  Surely this sprawling, ambitious work is nothing less than  the distillation of the American experience: good (Magnolia's triumph over  adversity) and bad (the racist attitudes that eventually destroy the tender  Julie).  Our nation's past is littered with both glory and shame, and  "Show Boat" is here to remind us of that.     