 The folks at Opera Rara must have done some real digging to present this one to us.  Donizetti's fifth opera, and his first success, was presented in mutilated form in 1822, when one of the tenors died before the first  performance.  His role was given to a mezzo, with much cutting and  reshaping of vocal lines.  In 1824, the opera was revived, this time with  newly composed pieces for a mezzo hero.  This unusual performance history  is told in detail in the excellent notes that accompany this set. The  performance is excellent as well.  Opera Rara's first sets in the late  1970's often featured adequate but not stellar performers.  Happily, in the  past decade they have been able to feature world-class, if not  world-famous, talent.  Tops among the performers must be the always  excellent Bruce Ford, whose full tone coupled with excellent florid  technique makes him one of, if not THE finest tenor working in this  repertoire today.  Paul Austin Kelly is nearly as fine, with a lighter tone  that contrasts well with Ford. Newcomer Majella Cullagh makes a highly  favourable impression as the title character.  She has a bright, gem-like  soprano which remains full and ample, and is capable of great expressivity.   Her coloratura is as fleet and fine as her colleagues'.  She is one to  watch for in coming years. In addition to providing the complete 1822  version originally written for two tenors, this set includes the 1824  revisions in an appendix, in which one of the tenor roles is sung by a  mezzo.  Happily, that assignment is given to Diana Montague, who easily  matches the high standard set by the rest of the cast. As for the quality  of the music, it is remarkably assured for a young composer and really  quite enjoyable.  The influence of Mayr, Donizetti's teacher, is to be  found throughout.  There are many excellent pieces, not the least of which  are the first act quartet, Zoraida's aria "Rose che un di  spiegaste" and a duet for Ford and Montague in the revised  version. David Parry conducts well, and the Academy of St.  Martin-in-the-Fields plays beautifully.  If you enjoy bel canto operas and  are looking for something rare and unique, give this recording a try.     