 however, bad logic is used from the very beginning to provide the foundation for a quasi religious system, starting with the proposed "Four Levels of Being": inanimate matter/live plants/animals/humans. The humans are supposed to be a combination of matter, life, consciousness, and self-awareness. The animals are this minus self-awareness, plants, this minus consciousness, and so on. The immediate question: how do we know animals have no self-awareness and plants no consciousness? Because plants don't wave hands, and we don't understand the sounds animals make? By the same logic, shall we then say the French have no self-awareness? (Judging from a book by Michel Foucault I've recently read, that wouldn't seem impossible... and I read an English translation!) Anyway, as an initial axiom, all of these are rather unconvincing. We really don't know who's got what, the only thing we know is ourselves -- and even that without certainty. The author then adds that the above hierarchy may be somewhat blurred and that a lack of exact boundaries is no reason to discard the structure itself. Well, OK, if you say so.  The author is certainly a kindly and learned man: the book is suffused with a sense moral excellence and a goodness of the heart, but all the same -- philosophically it's weak, what it amounts to is a call to self-comforting delusion, vague religiosity.  To a rational individual it will do no harm. To an irrational individual it will provide authoritative-sounding excuses for irrationality. But for either reader, I doubt it will dispel metaphysical bewilderment or provide a satisfactory way of dealing with it; thus it will fail to reach its proclaimed goal. To those contemplating the purchase I would say: life is short, time is at a premium, in one's reading one must ruthlessly discriminate in favor of the absolute best; this one doesn't make it, imo. And on a personal, and perhaps off-topic, note to the perplexed: there is no answer, I fear, we must live forever baffled; all, even the most admirable attempts by humans to shatter the mysterious spell of life are bound to fail; let's hope we're laying out groundwork for a smarter species. PS. I've come back and revised this note, to recommend another book instead of this one, a book, which, although it doesn't have a catchy "guide to the perplexed" title, does actually have to offer a lot in that (but not only that) respect: "Confessions of a Philosopher", by Bryan Magee. A very personal account from a passionate and open-minded philosopher, totally devoid of metaphysical phantasms (but lacking in neither metaphysics nor imagination).     