 I loved it when it came out, and now, twenty years on, I still like it. It's aged well -- or, rather, it simply didn't (age.) Another thing that's striking about this album: it's very even -- there are no clunkers on it. (Which, as we all know, pretty much never happens.)  I was amuzed by some of the reviews below, btw; it just shows you how different people are. For example, to say that "Slip it in" is a better album is nuts (imho), 'coz it's mostly crap (imho), with perhaps one listenable piece on it ("Hungry For Love") and the rest being just a compendium of tired musical cliches with a very strong pop influence; there are passages there that smell of elevator music, really -- and I'm not even starting about the lyrics! Can't say that about "Come and Get it".  To say that "Child of Babylon" "tries to be epic and can't quite pull it off, and the remanining six songs are simply mediocre" hmmm... I don't know. Compared with what? Compared with "Burn" or "Tarot Woman", yeah, they're mediocre, but then Whitesnake is no Deep Purple or Rainbow, right? To each his own, let's not compare. That aside, I think that "Child of Babylon" actually "pulls it off" quite well; the piece is emotional, dramatic, and very juicy; Dave's vocals are perfect there, that's just his kind of song, theatrics and all. Well written, well played, and well sang; no complaints -- from this listener at least. The closing song, "Till the Day I Die", is a chef d'oeuvre, starting with a remote, sorta pensive acoustic guitar and very mild vocals, and of course, in due time, escalating into a hard dramatic fury.  The rest are good too -- like I've said, this is the only album I have where I never skip anything. "Come and Get It" is one of the two best pieces by Whitesnake -- the other one being "Saints and Sinners". If I were to compare them, I'd say SaS is a tad better made; it's heavier, thicker, richer; it's got real phat ('scuse the language) arrangements -- though! though otoh, it's not as even: there we do have a clunker or two. "Come and Get It" is lighter, more playful and melodical; with more gratifying, frequently subtle and always tasteful guitar work (imo.) But both are good; if you're new to WS, and want to quickly get the essense of it, get these two albums (and you can pretty much stop there: the band was not all that creative and pretty much self-destructed after SaS, I think; at least I couldn't stand their "Slip of the Tongue". But then I can't stand Vai and his ilk, so maybe it's just me.) Well, I'm deviating; what we need to know here is that "Come and Get It" is a well-made album by good musicians featuring the very outstanding David Coverdale on vocals; recommended.     