 I gave this book an honest try, well past my initial impressions (which were unequivocally negative.) The intro by Coplien (this guy had better quit writing untruthful blurbs, or his credibility will end up in the toilet) kept me trying, but, no, sorry, the book *is* disappointing. It is purported that there are some earth shattering discoveries in it, but in reality, this book is simply the first in what I suspect will be a new series of scientific-sounding drivel from Addison Wesley (the "patterns" cash cow has run its course, I guess, now it's time for something less tired, with new-style covers.)  The truth is, all these supposed conceptual breakthroughs are very trivial things. Yes, C++ templates expose some functional side effects that can be used for a bit of compile-time code generation. Btw, this is not what they were designed for, and the use of them in such a way produces very convoluted, unintuitive code--imho, not a good band for a buck, so to say. YOu can achieve the same with extra-compiler tools, and in a conceptual book you'd think the authors ought to talk about conceptual things, not about some accidental properties of C++ templates. And so on and so forth. In the chapter on "Intent-based Programming" (hee-haw! "OO" and "patterns" shamanism is pass now) the writing style descends into unadulterated MS-style hype--every third word is "our exciting technology". For goodness' sakes, tell me what you have to say--if you have anything--and leave it to me to get excited over it.  In other words, if you're a working developer, it is very certain that you've run into the things this book talks about; not only that, you've run into them about five zillion times by now and you take all this for granted, w/o attaching cute (suitable for trademarking--"Intent Programming", etc) names to every insignificant code doodad, every trifling design habit, w/o making a big deal out of any of this stuff--just like it is the case with the "patterns". It's just you've never figured that you can write thick tomes filled with a mix of boring banalities with gratuitous word coinages (to make your droning appear academic.)  We have too many CS PhDs having nothing to say who produce these bloated compendia of absolute vapor that dishonest publishers clearly intend for corporate sales (no working professional with three pennies' worth of understanding will fall for this "literature.") God bless Amazon  for their generous return policy: this is clearly the case such policies are designed for. The drivel goes back today. I'm looking forward to seeing this book in my favourite remainders store in the same dusty three-for-$10 pile of "patterns" and the rest of magic word-infested junk.     