 Not that it's wholly bad, but I'm still waiting for a real decent, honestly done linux book--something that would at least justify its title. Of course, this book's title doesn't mean much, so I shouldn't complain  <g>. Anyway, it's not that much about programming anything, but more  about how linux is designed--with diagrams but with little code. (I guess  it's no good for us readers to live through another half-a-year without  having purchased yet another book with a depiction of i86 paging  architecture ;-)  Writing ain't perfect either (I'm being charitable and  ascribe the funny stuff to the writing failures, not incompetence.) A  IRQ..." and more ponderous blah blah. Well, unfortunately, that's not  *assigned* IRQs (on linux and anywhere else where interrupts are used.)  This is not nitpicking on my part, this is an example of authors' mental  mish-mash that I, as a student, remember suffering from in the past. The  problem is that interrupts and IRQs are NOT the same or equivalent things.  For someone who doesn't know that yet, this text will impede comprehension  of the issues. This kind of thing. Well... whatever, I guess. Hopefully the  reader isn't a complete newbie and won't be thrown off by a nice little bit  of semantic backstabbing. I must say, I hate the whole series, this book,  and all the "Commentary..." books, where you got 400 pages worth  of damn source printout (I'm not kidding, pure source code) with perhaps  another 100 pages of questionable 'commentary'. It's clear to me that  Coriolis, after having successfully got rid of writers like Abrash, decided  to jump on the quick rip-off bandwagon, in that particular case,  linux-related. Linux--that's where the money is today! So, here's my  the ones I mentioned from this black-cover series)  as it perhaps does  contain something of value--but  there's not nearly enough there to justify  an above $10-a pop price or 600-page volumes. The publishers have clearly  mastered the art of fattening books up with blatant nonsense, like api  references and, now, even multi-hundred-page source printouts.   Considering how much linux info is available completely free, I can't see any reason to  spend money on this book.     