 A few thoughts, somewhat ramblingly:  I've read all previous Sher books and generally liked them, especially the earlier ones. However, I'm unimpressed by this one. To begin with, it is largely a variation on the previous themes: I remember reading about pretty much all of it in the earlier books (though not at such length and in such detail). As to the essence, well, it is recognizable Sher: as in her previous, especially later books, there's this mix of somewhat platitudinous common sense, a number of OK ideas to try out, plus cute taxonomies (Scanner this and Scanner that, Serial Master, etc. -- a lot of magic words splashing around, all capitalized and very solemn, as if waiting to be trademarked). Plus a large number of far-fetched scenarios looking manufactured to fit the theory. Studied silence on obvious, simple, important, but probably unresolvable issues - some proposed solutions are utterly unrealistic because of that; frequently the field of problems has been artificially narrowed so as to make solutions appear possible (but if you realistically consider the _whole_ thing, offered solutions won't work).   What else. No bibliography, no footnotes - all hearsay, Ms Sher-says-so kind of thing (compare with someone like Csikszentmihalyi, whose scientific apparatus, so to say, is always impeccable). More than a touch of overbearing sureliness: the author speaks like a biblical prophet: this is That, and that is This, and here's The Secret... -- and how, may I ask, do you know? Not addressed, which gives the whole thing a pop-freudian taste, with concepts coming out of thin air, postulated but not supported. Overall, too wordy. Some pages incoherent; writing frequently repetitive. BS "exercises".   Another thing that I dislike about Sher's writing is her penchant for liberatory rhetoric, where all problems are ascribed to the Evil Society while the reader is a hapless Victim who only needs to throw off the yoke of received wisdom he'd been infused with by his Reactionary Parents. I won't deny that this does happen sometimes, but in general, reality is at once simpler and more difficult: far more often you simply have no time or resources, the society having nothing to do with your problems. Instead of your mind's being trammeled by societal convention, most difficulties (at least in my experience) are due to simple objective facts, with no one's being guilty, just life's being difficult. And this is harder to resolve, btw; it is far easier to suggest, change your thinking, et voila, you've made it. That'd be nice if faulty thinking was always the problem. But of course, thinking, faulty or not, is easier to change; it's more within our control than, say, time and resources, and so our gurus tend to concentrate on solvable non-issues instead of real problems that are frequently unsolvable, thus evading the threat to their reputation for wisdom and omnipotence.  A small bother (to nitpick a bit): the coinage "scanner" is not a happy one: to scan, first and foremost, means to search (in an orderly manner), not change direction/tack, or jump around at random. Yet, if I understood the idea, it is the latter that's implied here, "scanners" don't deliberately search, they simply can't remain where they are; it's the inability to remain in the same place for long that drives them on. Well, anyway...   The bottom line: there is perhaps something in this book for a new reader, depending on his general cluelessness (nothing derogatory, we're all clueless somewhere, sometimes). Whether such a reader will want to wade through 250 pages of verbiage to fish a few goodies out is another question. OK, it's pretty obvious that I didn't like the book, but maybe that's just me. I will say that Sher is better than the rest in this highly exploitative genre, and I _would_ recommend her earlier books, especially Wishcraft, which is a small book that's concise, humane, and to the point.  PS. Btw, maybe I'm paranoid, but do you have a feeling that a lot of reviews on this page are courtesy of friends and family?     