 It's been a while I held a book of such quality in my hands: calm, confident, supremely competent, well written, friendly, holistic in its approach and coverage -- I'm not even sure what to compare it to. Talks about software and hardware and of the interplay between the two; of end-node devices and routing devices and how they're different and how they're not... very, very good, illuminating, mind expanding. And what's curious, I bought it on a whim, just because the author's name was familiar sort of thing (years ago I'd read his "Timing wheels" paper -- and what I learned I put to good use then, so I thought the guy was good). That was a lucky purchase, I'm at a loss for words to express how good this book is.   As far as who needs to read it, I'll put it this way: if you own -- and have read -- Stevens' books, you need this one. Not because it's the same! -- it's not, it's not specific to any platforms or implementations, it is systemic and conceptual rather. Yet it's specific, I don't mean to say it's all vapor and no substance, quite the opposite -- it is highly complementary: while Stevens is narrow-pointed and detailed, this one encompasses all things networking -- and it's detailed as well, but in a different way: it doesn't drill into BSD or any other particular stack implementation, but it shows *why* stacks (and many, many other h/w and s/w things) you might run into are what they are, and what they should be, and under what conditions, and when they aren't, why they aren't, tradeoffs, and so on and so forth. Also, it's very appropriately titled: "Algorithmics" is exactly it. Get it! Twice the list price won't be too much, honest: the bibliography alone is worth it.  PS. A warning: I don't trust W. Boudville's review on this page -- if you want to know why, go check his reviews page. He posts a high number of reviews, every day, since the beginning of time, on books of such a wide topical variety that I can't believe he's actually read them all. He also tends to like them (mostly five stars). It looks like someone hires people like W. Boudville (he's not alone, just pay attention) to post fake reviews here. Whenever there's one of those "Top 50 Reviewer"'s I smell a rat.     