 A short, rambling, and obviously selective account of the man's life written by himself -- humorous (somewhat annoying at times, but not always; it does provoke a chuckle now and then), with a few interesting ideas and an unusual for these days degree of being, in a good-natured way, somewhat overfull of oneself (I'm not complaining: like Emerson said, a man can't speak but he judges himself, and that is interesting). Overall it's a charming, nuanced, unintendedly psychological, and sometimes comical picture of the past era, complete with portrayals of the quaint today form of jewish american princehood, academic freedom, nature vs nurture, religion, family, amusing (though who knows how truthful) anecdotes about people whom we have grown up to think of as cultural icons -- presented by the old boy himself as he remembers it and as he's chosen to tell it.  If I had to say, in one word, what's so good about this book, I'd say it has character. This is subtle, not everyone will like it, but for the right reader, recommended. ---- PS. The book has an appearance of not having been edited -- every second phrase there ends in exclamation point! (like this), -- nor proofread: there's a huge number of ridiculous typos sprinkled throughout the text, like periods inside phrases, and similar).   PPS. A joke: what is a genius? A C student with jewish mother. Ho ho ho. Wait till you see my brother SIX Ace Merrill...  PPPS. Cardano did not claim that the solution of the cubic via radicals was his! He gave full credit to his friend Tartaglia. His transgression was in not keeping it secret, not passing the solution off as his own! (These exclamation points are catchy, aren't they.)  PPPPS. A thought: maybe we shouldn't put off writing memoirs till we're 82. Better to keep a secret diary throughout the years and at 82 simply reveal its existence and give permission to publish it. (This is not to be taken as a criticism of the book.)   As you can probably see, some in this book is enjoyable, yet some is annoying. But all of it is curious in at least some way; though I don't know if I would like to have written it, I'm glad to have read this book -- it is thought provoking (in more than one way), and it resonates. It is also informative, believe it or not.     