 I consider reviewing this new series a civic duty,  as potential buyers have to be warned. The whole black-cover series drives me nuts. In this book you got 400 pages worth of source printout (I'm not kidding, pure source code) with perhaps another 100 pages of questionable 'commentary'.  Couldn't you just read the source off the CD, perhaps printing out relevant  excerpts as necessary? Besides, this way you wouldn't have to page  frantically back and forth. Or, if they wanted to give some appearance of  having a legitimate justification to fulling 3/4s of the book with straight  source code, they should have arranged the commentary's text right along  with the source that's commented upon, on the opposing page. After all, the  book's wide-page format would easily allow for it. The way it *is* done  though makes it a real hassle to match up the text with the code (which,  like I already said, there was no need to print in the first place.) Or,  they could print the code and include the commentary in a separate  brochure, so you could have them both opened at the right pages. Well, they  didn't print all this code to please you, I guess, but to fatten up the  book, so let's be thankful it is linux source and not a two-year-old Philly  phone book that they printed. It's clear to me that Coriolis, after  having successfully got rid of writers like Abrash, decided to jump on the  quick rip-off bandwagon, in that particular case, linux-related.  Linux--that's where the money is today! My pronouncement: if you're  independently wealthy,  and find enough interesting material in this book,  buy it. I did. Perhaps it does contain something of value--but there's not  nearly enough there to justify an above $10-a pop price or the 600-page  volume. The publishers have clearly mastered the art of fattening books up  with blatant nonsense, like api references and, now, even  several-hundred-page source printouts.  Considering how much linux info  is available completely free, I can't wholeheartedly recommend spending  money on this book. Look at it well, only buy if you're sure it's worth the  money for you. It may not be.     