 In the total absence of competition, this book is very welcome. It's got a nice intro to emb programming on linux, set of info sources, interesting discussions of things like configuring the kernel (with what you need only), linking methods--dynamic vs static, embedded toolkits. It's written quite decently, you won't have to struggle. The comment below about the book's exclusive coverage of x86 platform is absolutely true, and it may or may not be a flaw depending on your particular case. In my case it wasn't -- it just so happens that I'm only working with x86'es. I suspect a lot of people are in the same boat, probably including the author, which would explain this platform preference, that in general, is far from a given in the embedded systems area.  On the downside are a long-established set of tricks that publishers use to make a white paper or a couple of HOWTO pages into a book (and charge accordingly.) The book starts with a load of usual bs about open source, which, if you're at the point of using linux for embedded anything, I'm sure you already know of, and of course it's all available on-line for free, and of course, if you have at least one other book on linux, it's all present there too. The back, as expected, is padded by -- you guessed it -- the full text of the GNU license. I have no linux books that wouldn't have it there, it's a modern and improved (more voluminous) equivalent of the formerly ubiquitous ASCII table. Thank god the Cathedral/Bazaar, or any other pack of inane ramblings of the official linux gurus, offending the English language and common-sense logic with their philosophical lucubrations with publisher-sponsored impunity are not included; let's admit, it could be worse. So, if the money is not a problem, buy this book, though I'd say its real price should be a half of what it is. The 100 or so pages that contain something of value will make this book useful for many people, and btw, not only to embedded system engineers, but to anyone, since kernel configuration can be used in any environment and is an interesting topic in general.     