 Years ago, as a kid really, I'd read Miller's Tropics (plus a couple of smaller pieces). Then his writing came through as passionate, philosophical, liberating, healthily pornographic. I never became a Miller junkie, but I remembered the Tropics as something that affected me deeply; that's what I've remembered.  Now, I never realized that he wrote essays too, so when I've bumped into the "Stand Still..." I grabbed a copy w/o much thinking, simply based on the vague rememberances of his work, or rather, the impressions I had at the time of reading him as a youth. The result has been most interesting: I've recognized the same Miller -- passionate, opinionated, vociferous, aggressive -- but this time, amazingly, I found him also boring, nonsensical, preachy, repetitive, inept as a writer, self-assured beyond measure, ego-maniacal, at times ungrammatical (unless it's printing errors), laughably ignorant (for example, he clearly considers a light year a measure of time.) I've got terribly annoyed by his deliberately obscure vocabulary, with all these hifalutin "polyphylacteric" words that he probably picked from some medical or theological dictionary -- to do what? impress the reader? preposterous...  Astonished by this new interpretation, I've even gone back and reread some of his other stuff. It's been a couple of decades since my encounter with the Tropics, and what a difference this time made in my outlook! I've read Nietzsche since, and Tao, and many, many other books, I guess I've read a lot of what he himself read -- and now, when I read his philosophical parts, I can't help seeing a thoroughly unoriginal stylistically faux-Emersonian mixture of a bit of second-hand Nietzsche, a bit of second-hand TaoTeChing, blended with a huge amount of sheer shamanistic jibberish delivered in mighty spurts of abracadabra into the reader's face -- without a trace of shame. Every page abounds in totally isolated striking phrases that never cohere into a single whole... a quotation dictionary printed straight-through... An overpowering flood of meaningless, totally unjustified, never argued incantations: I had a mental image of a raving lunatic foaming at the mouth dancing near a fire in a darkening forest with a bone through his nose. Boring. Annoying. This time his eroticism felt like stick-figure populated pornography in a sense that there's no shade of truth (factual or artistic) in any of it; just like any cheap porno flick, it's all sheer masturbatory fantasy (which I couldn't know in my teenage years, but which is all to clear to me now.) Arrogant, sure of himself for no apparent reason, escapist, reactionary, irrational in the extreme, impudent; all of this left a fairly bad taste in my mouth; I could barely finish the book.  As literature, it's less than nothing -- and yet... yet again, like in my younger years, it's been liberating -- though in a totally different sense now: it brought a stark realization of how much I have changed over the years. Which, of course, is a valuable experience with wide-ranging ramifications going far beyond my appreciation of Henry Miller's writings; it is so difficult to notice the passage of time in ourselves; this book did it. So after all, if not one thing then another: still I'm grateful.     