 This hastily written, not particularly cogent or well articulated brochure (I've read it in about two hours) can be, very generally, divided in three parts.  The first section is biographical -- rememberances of the author's childhood and youth, recalled with warmth and good-natured humor. It is short, curious, and entertaining, but wholly irrelevant to the overall idea the book purports to convey; the only justification for its inclusion in the book I can think of is adding volume.  Second part, the bulk -- if this word can be applied to a 100-page brochure -- of the book is a compendium of disconnected, very cursory and superficial stories of different inventions the author made. Though they are entertaining, a total lack of necessary detail makes this collection of anecdotes damn close to worthless in practical terms. Here's a model of a typical story: I've noticed once a trash can, then I thought a plastic grip could be added to it, then I contacted a PhD in plastic handles, then we brainstormed, then we made a clay model, then I've contacted a manufacturer who was eager to license our invention. The End, on to the next story. I'm exaggerating, but not by much. Every story begs questions that are never addressed or even acknowleged: "Once a manufacturer A contacted me about Trinket Z; blah-blah-blah; they signed a $300,000 contract; that was my first project" -- end of story, moving on. How it just so happened that a guy was contacted by someone before he had done anything in the industry is not addressed. In my experience, manufacturers don't contact me out of the blue; the rest of the story is touching, but since important nuances of the above kind are never addressed, the story is useless. The last section (appendix) is the reason I gave the book two rather than one star: it's a random collection of creativity heuristics, that I've found somewhat meaningful and potentially useful. There's nothing unique or terribly original about them, but still this extended checklist of mind-expanding points and questions is worth something. Again, overall book severely lack in cogency, the author's thought jumps; at times it's hard to figure why he goes from there to there and not somewhere else, and why he's talking about what he's talking about, and why here and not someplace else, and why under this rubric and not some other one. The writing is childish, abrupt and inexpressive, inexact. Is this a worthy book? Well, there's something in it (part 3), and it's very, very short, so at least you won't waste too much time. Therefore perhaps it's not wholly worthless. Do distrust five-star reviews here, they're disingenuous, imo. -- just think of it, what relevance to a book quality is the fact that the author was selected for this or that prize for his work, rather than writing; and to say that this book is full of detail is simply deceptive. I'm sure Mr Mason is an accomplished and justly honored inventor, but the book is still a hack job overall. Check it out before buying, or at least learn the store's return policy.     