 Most patterns books are just plain junk; they're full of overhyped, overwritten trivialities. This one is not totally free from these flaws, but at least the topic is worthy and timely, and the writing is simpler and more to-the-point than in every single patterns book I've held in my hands (barring the original Gamma book). And I've seen them all. So, if you work with distributed systems, this book may be worth to thumb through, especially if you're a beginner.   On the other hand... there's a "but" here: first, I don't know if it's a translation, but the book is insufficiently edited; for a useage fanatic there'll be rich pickings here. Second, because of the first, you can understand this book only if you already know what it's about. Which can only be the case if you have already done a considerable amount of work in the distributed realm. Which, of course, may also mean that you don't need to read this book because you already know it all anyway -- although perhaps w/o the "patterns" slant.  So, I'm a bit ambivalent: the book is certainly better than the rest of the patterns literature, but who the target reader might be I'm at a loss to tell. I've worked with distributed systems since time immemorial and know all the platforms the authors talk about; and so, I didn't study it, I, rather, paged through -- and it did clarify/articulate a few things for me, but that's it; no conceptual breakthroughs, no design ideas. At the same time, a newcomer who could benefit will probably end up bogged down.   Another thing that I believe would be helpful for a newcomer and should have been included is samples of real implementations (meaning code, yes). Just looking at the pictures with arrows and surrounding disjointed text is not clear enough for someone who's never seen the thing itself. I've understood this book because I've read and written reams of such code and know exactly what the authors mean even when they express themselves in an a$$wise manner, but w/o such practical foundation the book will be hard to understand, I fear.   Anyway, it's an OK book. For what it is the cost is too high though, try to find a discounted copy.  PS. Btw, don't trust W.Boudville's review (below). If you want to know why, just check out his reviews page: the guy posts tons of reviews (nearly all five- or four-star ones) daily since the beginning of time: there's no chance in hell he's actually read all these books. And look at the inhuman breadth of his interests! C'mon, who are you kidding. There are many posters like that on Amazon these days, someone must be hiring them to post fake reviews. I don't trust any of those "Top 50 Reviewer"s anymore.     