 The book is written with amazing clarity -- having constantly to read inadequate, ungrammatical, and disjointed drivel in datasheets, I am especially sensitive to and appreciative of good, cogent writing. The author, clearly, is an bona-fide expert in his field: every page of this book I got to so far contained something I was curious about or was struggling with. Not in general, more like within the past week. The author is constantly one step ahead of the reader's thought -- I'm reading one page and thinking, this is really well done, I wish this guy wrote a book on device drivers and interrupt handling -- and two pages later he does precisely this, in depth, in detail, no vapor, no muddle, everything right on the money. Good index, good illustrations, well written, well edited -- everything, everything's perfect. I got home pretty late and found this book in my mailbox, so I thought, all right, I gotta go to bed, but just to wind down I'll flip through sorta thing: read the colophon and the table of contents, admire the pictures, enjoy the smell of new book, five minutes, no more. Well, five minutes later I was reading it straight through and I didn't get much sleep that night.   Btw, it's not just your typical code walk-through (although the book does this as well), it truly is a wide-ranging discussion of many networking concepts and artifacts, explained on the basis of the linux implementation. This book is not for linux only, it's going to be just as useful for anyone working with embedded systems, for example: the code is different, but the problems are the same. Even if you work with Windows, this book will be instructive! The closest you can get to Windows anything is something like "Windows Internals", and although it is a good book, it is not showing you the real stuff, and as a result you never quite know if you got it, or you didn't get it, or you think you got it but maybe you're mistaken. Here in addition to being very clearly articulated, the real thing is actually shown itself, and a ten-line code excerpt is quicker and clearer to understand than 20 pages of condescending baby-talking drivel MSPress style. So, even if you're writing an NDIS driver, read this book -- your chip is the same, the box is the same, the real world is the same, only the OS infrastructure is different (and even that infrastructure you'll understand better if you read a relevant linux book). This is the buy of the year. Last year's was "Network Algorithmics" by Varghese, from MK. Get and read them both.  If you work with networking, don't think, just get this book -- whatever the platform you're dealing with.     