 Just kidding. The book is actually mediocre (charitably.) With all the creative power of a third-rate amateur scribbler the author concocted a fictionalized tale of meeting an elderly businesman who reveals to him all Great Secrets of Success. It would be better if the book were written from the first person, without resorting to this literary device... on the other hand it makes it a bit funny: if you read carefully and picture in your mind the scenes as described -- this elderly gentleman with his "horsey laughter", acting weird, endlessly jabbing his listener with his elbow, while he delivers a number of disarticulated banalities that any real person wouldn't be caught dead telling in public -- you may actually find it entertaining, although not in the way the author intended. Writing is bad in other ways too: I'd give it a "C" for topic coherence, for example. It's just not clear, not well reasoned; subsequent paragraphs do not cohere; there's no unifying thought; it's unclear what he's getting to in many places -- one has an impression of a bunch of notes printed together, but not connected with one another in a logical progression. OK, that's the literary side, so let's leave it alone for a moment.   On the practical side, it's simply very unoriginal. There is, of course, nothing wrong with the idea that chance plays a big role in our lives. But honesly, didn't you already know that? Is there anything earth-shattering here? This correct, but trivial, idea is blown totally out of proportion and made into The Ultimate answer to Life, the Universe and Everything -- and of course, as before, it ends up being something as enlightening as "42". All the rest (work, planning, etc.) is pompously discounted and discarded as unworthy, as something all those "other advice books" suggest (like every single of "those other" books, the author pretends he's not like "them", he's different, he gives you REAL advice, buy, buy, buy.)  This 100-page (on thick paper) brochure has all the signs of being sloppily thrown together in order to have something to sell; just another spurious "advice" book. I don't understand the exalted reviews below; there's simply nothing attractive in this piece. Well, tastes differ, I suppose; perhaps what one person finds trivial, can be informative to another. And it's not that it's bad or incorrect: it's a snore rather, very mediocre (which, to my mind, is worse than bad.) Maybe someone can benefit from it, but me, I don't think it was worth the reading time. Good thing it's so short, I was through with it in an hour. Still a waste.     