 I'm somewhat ambivalent about this book; if it were possible to give two ratings, I'd give it a four and a one. The four for the fundamental idea of the vital importance of being aware, of keeping your eyes, ears, and soul open; of not ignoring anything, of gathering your insights, of giving yourself time, of being a full-time listener. All of this doesn't come naturally to us; at best our life experience forces the realization of these things--and oftentimes we still manage to ignore it. On that level this book is thought provoking, and I'd give it a solid four were it not for the following:  Contrary to what some reviewers here say, the book is NOT well written: it is mind-numbingly wordy, imprecise, preachy, vapidly transcendentalizing, politically correct, high-falutin and vague, affectatious (it's not a "singer", it's "vocal artist"; it's not a historian, but a "mythologist", not a "writer", but "storyteller", etc.)   There's this typical combination of artificial, purposely inflated vocabulary ("purgation", "liminal", oh man, I needed to look this one up in the dictionary,) with a ton of--yes, plain and dumb--usage errors: p. 180 "in this deep strata" ("strata" is plural), p 218, "...without an advanced degree; voluntarism counts for little on a resume" -- surely "volunteerism" was meant here. Page 228, "in the Afghani tongue, the verb..."--there's no such thing as "the Afghani tongue"; p. 242, "he often got sidetracked by the arguments of practicality", where something like "practical matters" is actually meant; p.243 "which fits neatly into a run-on sentence"--related to the phrase that is not a run-on sentence by any means; p. 323, "Every time we honor a calling, we also ameliorate our fear of what lies hidden in us..."--ameliorate means to improve, not lessen, or obviate, or palliate, or diminish, or lighten; you can't "improve" your fears. Page 142, "Not all myths follow this structure to the letter of the law". The idiom is either "to the letter" or "letter of the law", but not both jumbled together.   That's just a sampling.  The author does not like to say what he wants to say in his own words, sharply and concisely: he prefers to endlessly quote someone else: there's half a dozen quotations on every page--"as this guy says", "as that girl testifies", "as this genleman puts it", "what renown therapist Joe Blow describes as", and so on and so forth; this gives the book a distinct taste of quotation dictionary. As a result what he's intending to say comes out ten-times-the-volume, half-irrelevant and distracting--thus frustrating the reader anticipating a (hopefully, sharp) expression of the author's original thought. Perhaps this is simply a trick, an insidious new way of padding books? Whatever the case may be, the book is unenjoyable, hard to read (and even to parse at times.)   I've mentioned just a few crudest, most jarring errors, but the overall writing is simply impossible, though I'm no editor and don't want to get into the structure, paragraphs, and sentences. This great gury can't write--and his editor didn't want to edit either; there are typos too ("heiroglyph", "reknowned"), it's not even proofread.  The overall book, in intent and style, seems to be inspired by Nachmanovitch's Free Play (which is a wonderful book; please read it before or even instead of this one: it's refreshingly sharp AND small) and something like Csikzhentmihaly's Creativity; Callings is a knockoff, and not a well-made one. Another thing I've noticed is that the writing is very uneven throughout the book: it feels like different parts of it were written at different times and even by different people. To be fair, most of the last third of the book feels better than the rest (maybe because it stands out against the dismal background?)  The main problem with the above, as I see it, is this: the idea of being aware is a very important one--for the young (youth being a relative notion; it's more about maturity of course than age.) But I could espy this message in this book only because I have already discovered it on my own; for me, it was not learning, but recognition of the already known. So, while I'm glad to agree on fundamentals with the author, strictly speaking, people like me are not the target audience. Otoh, someone who objectively stands to benefit from a book like that--a young reader, most likely--will probably be repulsed by the annoyingly inferior writing and simply refuse to read the book. And, I regret to say, be the better for it.   Go read Nachmanovitch's Free Play instead (or anything by Csikzhentmihaly.) Unlike Gregg Levoy, these two aren't men of letters by profession, but they did a much better thinking, articulating, and writing job somehow.      