 "It is a great text if someone already knows calculus, to get at the concepts in an alternative light" -- that is a succinct statement of what I was about to say after reading this book. To some, that is a flaw (legitimately; I'm not being critical here). As for me, I'm going to give it five stars, 'cause I liked it; it's been a pleasant read and, let me say somewhat selfishly, I'm not a freshman. So I'll let the dead bury their dead as it were and speak from my personal perspective.   I liked that way the authors really dug into the subject matter, twisted it about, zoomed in an out, looked at it from this side and that side, mentioned a few related but perhaps not strictly necessary things, etc., etc. All this deepens your understanding. At the same time, it's still the good old elementary calculus, no abstract algebra here -- which means it is easy to read. Instructive yet manageable: now, that's hard to beat, trust me.  Perhaps a suggestion to the frustrated readers for whom this is the first calculus text: get Howard Anton's Calculus and Analytic Geometry. It's a very similar textbook that is a bit smoother as the first text. It covers less and in lesser detail and variety, but it's *very* clearly written, remarkably well illustrated, has more biographical/historical notes, and is, I feel, extra careful to explain things in a way that would be understandable to a newcomer. I have a ten-year-old edition (5e) that these days can be had for a couple of bucks -- not a serious expense; but if, before you read a chapter in Ostebee/Zorn you work over the same material in Anton, I think you'll have a much easier time reading the former (which is, I say, a worthy book; you do want to read it). Give it a try, maybe it'll help.  All in all, perhaps this: the Ostebee/Zorn book is a great second, or, perhaps better yet, parallel, intro calculus book. (All of this is, of course, very subjective -- I've been reviewing the material, not learning it the first time.)  Recommended.     