 I approached the release of this album with excitement and trepidation. Excitement that Robbie Steinhardt had returned and Kansas classics filled with their unique violin sound would be brought to a new scale with the inclusion of the London Symphony Orcherstra. And trepidation that Walsh's voice could no longer span the range required for these classic songs (see Live At The Whisky review). I can happily report that this is by far the best album Kansas have put out since Audio Visions even though it contains classics (and if you ignore 2000's brilliant Somewhere To Elsewhere where the original line up reforms with Kerry Livgren). My first minor criticism of this album is the opening song, a cover version of the Beatles classic Eleanor Rigby. I like this song but I feel it is very out of place on an album containing fresh reworkings of some of the bands greatest songs. I also feel that as good as Kansas are they're style cannot do true justice to the song.  My only other criticism is the lack of Magnum opus in this collection - a fresh version including a full piece orchestra would have been awesome. With these minor criticisms aside we launch straight into classic Kansas territory with a lovely version of Dust In The Wind to remind us exactly why I purchased the album. The remainder of this album is packed start to finish with classic Kansas brilliantly reworked with a full piece orchestra. New freshness is brought to old friends like Song For America and The Wall. The band's sound and style fit a full piece orchestra perfectly and the songs are performed with a gusto last seen on Two For The Show and desperately lacking in performances like Live At The Whisky. Even Walsh's deteriorated vocals stand up relatively well although still far from the astonishing power and range he had in the 70's. This is an album worthy of gracing any Kansas fan's collection. Although you may have the songs on their original albums and even live versions this album is one to own. Strong Recommendation to buy.     