 Wow! First Blue Oyster Cult did it with Heaven Forbid. Then Steely Dan did it with the double Grammy Award Winning Two Against Nature. That's right people, another great 70's band issues a 'millennium' work which simply smokes and harks back to their greatest days. In this case its Kansas who have put out an album to bury the mediocrity of the 80's and 90's (Drastic Measures anyone?) with a stellar return to the roots of their 70's classics. If you liked any of their first five albums Kansas, Song For America, Masque, Leftoverture and Point Of Know Return or even their incredible live album Two For The Show then this CD is simply an essential purchase. You must own it. Every song is apparently penned by Livgrin who, as the story goes, was writing songs and contacted the original band members to say he was writing songs that sounded a lot like early Kansas. Apparently contracting millennium regroup fever the original band lineup of Walsh, Livgren, Steinhardt, Greer, Hope  and Williams, last seen on Audio Visions way back in 1980 got back in the studio and laid down Livgren's work with love, passion and most of all freshness - and it shows in the finished work. Livgren's guitar and melodies hark back to past glories. Walsh seems to have regained his voice and range (seemingly completely lost on 80's albums like Live At The Whisky) while his keyboards remain inspired as ever. Steinhardt brings his manic bluegrass violin to the fore once more while the rest perform admirably. The album starts with the truly inspired Icarus II - a follow up to Icarus Borne on Wings of Steel from Masque. Like its well know predecessor the song simply soars from start to finish and is an instantly memorable classic. Listening to this track is like stepping back in time twenty years - like the band never disintegrated in the early eighties and just kept pumping out classic tunes instead. Next comes When The World Was Young which is a fairly standard and enjoyable Kansas number. Again, classic Kansas roots permeate throughout this track. The third track is Grand Fun Alley, and although a little different to what Kansas fans are used to, is pleasantly surprising and a worthy addition to the album. This one is my favourite - track 4. The Coming Dawn. Wonderful melody, lyrics by Livgren and soaring vocals by Walsh. It's wrong to compare any track to Dust In The Wind but this song captures the essence of it while not plagiarising or sounding like it in anyway. I've found myself singing in the car to this one and no other (except Byzantium) - which maybe gives you an idea of how good I think this track is. The next track, Myraid, is very 'Audio Visions' in feel and has a marvellous instrumental section within it. Again, this song just feels so Kansas and gets you every time you listen to it. Another wonderful addition to a wonderful album. Look At The Time comes next and I apologise to no one when I say The Beatles, if recording today, could possibly sound like this. Although modern and Kansas feeling, the melody is so 'Beatles' its extraordinary. Maybe this is borne out through the additon of the cover version of The Beatles classic Eleanor Rigby on their previous album Always Never The Same. I don't really know. What I do know is the track is superb and hooks you every time. Seventh is disappearing Skin tight Blues. Again, a very Kansas 'bluesy' number and anyone familiar with the first album, Kansas, or Masque shouldn't be surprised to find this here. Distant Vision is in a very similar vein once more to the material on Audio Visions and features a wonderful opening sequence where Livgren's guitar, Walsh's keyboards and Steinhardt's violin mesh to form brilliant melody. Another strong track on a very strong album. Next is another favourite of mine, Byzantium, a ballad again in the style but 'not in the style' of Dust In The Wind if that makes any sense at all :) Again Outstanding vocals by Walsh and an unforgettable haunting melody. Finally is Not Man Big which reminded me very much of Rain Man on In The Spirit of Things - a very average 80's Kansas album that was missing Livgren and Steinhardt. Possibly the weakest track on the album but with a collection of songs this good that's not saying much.  Overall this is a superb album. I certainly never thought I'd again hear a Kansas album that 'sounded like' Kansas never mind hearing one being this good post Audio Visions. If you are to buy one album this year and you are a Kansas fan - make this it. If you love their classic albums, mentioned at the start, then this is an essential purchase. If all you have heard of Kansas is wimpy pop rubbish (Andy anyone?) made during the early 80's death throes of the band on albums like Drastic Measures and Vinyl Confessions then discover what Kansas are meant to sound like. This is a must have for any serious music fan. Buy it.     