 Saving Private Ryan is a very good film - its just not a great one. As it has one fatal flaw - the middle of the film. The opening 40 minutes is perhaps the greatest war sequence put on film showing the full horror of the D-Day landings. Similarly the end sequence where they defend the bridge is horrifically realistic. There can be no doubt about their power. Many people will no doubt give the films 5* on this basis. If the film had consisted purely of these two parts I would have no doubt given it 5* as well.  However, the film has a very weak middle containing very little of note except some deeply stereotyped characters wandering about looking for Ryan. Consider Tom Sizemores loyal Sergeant, Adam Goldberg's token Jew, Barry Pepper's bible thumping sniper, Giovanni Ribisi's gushing one dimensional medic not to mention the rest. I'm also annoyed that Spielberg also returns to his vision of pantomimesque Nazis - one dimensional, inscrutably evil with no vestiges of humanity and completely lacking in even basic human qualities. What made Schindlers List such a deeply moving film for me was that for once Speilberg portrayed the Nazi's for what they were - men - men with weaknesses just like you or I who did unspeakable things - it is this which truly relays the real horrors of what they did - that they were men, just like us, not pantomimesque villains. And that made it powerful. Witness Ralph Fiennes ' Camp Commandant taking the young boy in and letting him tend his house only to later callously shoot him for sport.  I prefer The Thin Red Line which was released around the same time as SPR - anyone buying this DVD should definitely buy it as they will find much in common but a far greater emotional experience. It is a superior film albeit lacking in the shock value of the D-Day landing sequence in SPR. The good news is that the overall package of extras on this DVD is excellent and should keep enthusiasts of commentaries etc happy. Overall a good film, just not a great one.     