 For me this album marked the second fall from grace for Kansas. Whilst Power marked a reasonably successful reformation of the band with a Kansas-ish rock sound, In The Spirit  Of Things saw Steve Morse take a much more active hand in co-writing with Walsh as well as  external writing influences permeating the album leading to a marked change in sound. For me this album also marked the end of Steve Walsh as a singing force. For some reason his voice sounds broken, harsh and unable to span the incredible range he had once mastered - very unlike the golden voice we got used to listening to Song For America and Leftoverture. I have no idea if anything happened to Walsh but subsequent albums, such as Live At The Whisky, were to confirm he couldn't hit the notes he used to with that live album producing an embarrassing performance where Walsh tries to hit the notes in classic tunes and fails dismally. Can anyone tell me why??? The last thing anyone buying this album should expect is a classic sounding Kansas album - it is not that, especially with Livgren and Steinhardt still sadly missing following the band's original split and with Walsh's voice having deteriorated.  However, it is not without merit and Morse's influence is mainly positive (whereas the Elefante brothers influence was disastrous on Vinyl Confessions and Drastic Measures). Among the weaker tracks are some good songs worthy of the Kansas name such as Ghosts, Rainmaker, The Preacher and The Bells Of St James. Even one externally written track One Big Sky gives the band something worthy of their reputation to play. Unfortunately there are too many average and below average pop songs padding out the remainder of the album. Overall its a reasonable effort but certainly not as good as Audio Visions - the last album made with the band's original line up and their poorest of that era. Unfortunately the site doesn't let me award 2 1/2* so a 2* it has to be. However, its certainly not just for completists. Mild recommendation to buy.     