 When great bands die they often die in a horribly protracted manner producing albums like this. It is the worst Kansas album bar none. With Steve Walsh and Robbie Steinhardt gone and Kerry Livgrin about to leave and assuming the role of a passenger on this album it really shouldn't be classed as a Kansas album at all - 75% of the songs are written by the Elefante Bros, who admitted at the time it was really their album. And that is the problem. Its just not Kansas. The album is truly awful and as much as I'd like to write something positive about it the only thing I think I could say in that direction is that thankfully they never made another album with the Elefante Brothers. Despite some reviewers here who rate this album up there with Leftoverture there really is no sense beating around the bush - if you like Kansas then you most probably will hate this. Its as simple as that. It sounds nothing like Kansas and is even worse than the preceding Vinyl Confessions album. The best way to describe it is as sounding like a poor man's version of The Cars - I really can't think of a closer comparison.  As a diehard Kansas fan and as someone who isn't a great fan of 80's pop-chic I hated this album from start to finish - even Fight Fire With Fire which the band retain in their live set to this day. With the 3 main protagonists and 2 songwriters of the band gone or twiddling their thumbs on the sidelines it should be obvious to anyone that the unique sound this band had is gone, gone, gone to be replaced by something completely alien. Yes this sound will have its fans but most Kansas fans will certainly not be counted amongst them. Gone are Walsh's soaring vocals and keyboard viruosity. Gone are Robbie Steinhardt's vocals and trademark Kansas violin. And gone in body if not in soul is lead guitarist Kerry Livgrin who is left as a passenger on this album penning contributions to just 3 tracks. The remainder are all penned by one or both of the Elefante brothers. Why this made it to the vinyl press as a Kansas album at all is a mystery to me - it is clearly an Elefante brothers album, and as they have made albums of their own it really seems odd to label it any differently. This album may appeal to some - listen to *all* the track snippets above - but if you loved classic Kansas with its soaring vocals, sizzling keyboards, frenetic bluegrass violing and fantastic rock guitar riffs then this album is not for you. This is completely unlike classics such as Song For America, Icarus Borne On Wings Of Steel, The Wall, Carry On Wayward Son, Dust In The Wind etc. If you are looking for sounds like those then look elsewhere. If you like The cars then this album is probably worth 2* but as a Kansas album it only merits 1*. This is an album for Kansas completists only. Recommendation to avoid.     