 How can anyone, other than ardent Bush defenders without a sense of humor, not love this book?  I will admit, unabashedly, that I am a big Maureen Dowd fan and think she is the best journalist in the Country.  I may not be able to read much of The Times some Thursdays and Sundays, but I always read Maureen Dowd's column.  When an important news event occurs, I want to know what she thinks about it.  In addition to her wit, insightful perceptions of people and events and excellent judgment (who else saw and wrote about the similarities between Iraq and Vietnam so early on?), she uses words so beautifully to paint vivid portraits of people, like an artist with a brush.  No one has captured the expressions, mannerisms and nuances of Dick Cheney, George W. Bush and Teresa Heinz Kerry as well as she has.  Bushworld is particularly interesting as a means of not only gaining insight into the Bush family, but recalling the meanderings of W. on his shaky but, ultimately, successful ascension to the Presidency.  The book provides astute observations by Ms. Dowd and quotes from W. which, with the luxury of hindsight, seem pretty astounding and give the reader a reminder of where President Bush came from, where he has taken us, and may give pause to those considering a vote for him in 2004.  And some of her descriptions of Dick Cheney and George W. Bush are so humorous, albeit a bit sharp at times, I would think even supporters of the President may find themselves chuckling and all-too-readily visualizing some of her descriptions, like her reference to junior playing golf video in the Oval office while Cheney keeps his eye on the nuclear codes.    There's another great thing about Bushworld for Maureen Dowd fans like me.  I am always a bit disappointed when I come to the end of one of Ms. Dowd's columns -- I find them so good, both in terms of content and writing.  It sometimes seems like a long wait between Sundays and Thursdays for her next column.  With the book, as soon as one finishes a column, there is another just waiting to be read.  In my judgment this book is absolutely superb, and, on the eve of the 2004 election, has come out at a perfect time.  I strongly recommend it to anyone interested in politics, current events or just plain excellent writing.  With Bushworld, I think Ms. Dowd has hit a homerun!     