 I was introduced to Fiona Apple about four years ago when my then 15-year-old daughter played her WHEN THE PAWN cd for me.  I thought it was some of the most interesting and innovative music I had heard.  Her voice was different...a bit rough but appealing... and I liked the unusual piano with jazz influences and the troubled lyrics.  Well, the same daughter, now almost 19, gave me the EXTRAORDINARY MACHINE cd for Christmas,which I have just finished listening to a couple of times through.  I'm more of a melody than lyrics person, but Fiona seems to be struggling with whether she needs to keep writing music similar to what her fans are already familiar with or whether she should come up with something different. The first track is a bit different, almost reminds me of a Broadway show tune at times and I was prepared for a really new sound in this cd. However, thereafter, staying with the familiar seems to have won out for the most part, as it seems to me that tracks 2 through 8 are all similar to one another and similar to WHEN THE PAWN, but missing its innovation.  I thought that the best thing about this cd is Fiona's picture on the back....she's quite a pretty, sensual looking woman.     However, on track 9 -- Please Please Please-- there is a somewhat different sound and she reiterates the theme of looking for direction: "give us something familiar; something similar to what we know already, Steady, Steady going nowhere".  The next track is, to me, the best on the CD and the only one that sounds unique: Red Red Red.  This is a slow ballad, with a deeper sound and some string accompaniment, which I think works well.  This caught my attention and makes me want to play it again.  The next track, Not About Love, is also somewhat unique and has some interesting piano work and neat rock-type chords.  The last song, Waltz, again has some nice piano and is quite good.  It's as though the album could have been comprised of tracks 1 and 9 through 12 as an EP and been much more interesting, without tracks 2 through 8, which to me are just too similar to WHEN THE PAWN.  Still, Fiona Apple is a talented artist whom I like and want to hear more of, despite my mild disappointment in this.      