 From the first time I heard her on the radio singing "Save The Country", I have been enamored with Laura Nyro.  I loved her voice, piano and songs, and thought her work on New York Tendaberry was some of the best and most unique work I had ever heard.  I also liked her looks and her demeanor.  I liked her so much, I wrote her an affectionate letter via Columbia Records in 1969, but, to my regret, she never answered.  Michele Kort, in her outstanding biography of Laura, has made me feel like I did get a chance to meet her, afterall.  Her writing pulled me in from the first page, and I felt like I was right along side of Laura as I relived her ascendancy to musical greatness.  Ms. Kort informs the reader of many interesting facts, such as Ms. Nyro having been named by her musician father after the song from the classic movie, Laura, and that she had lots of training in voice but had fairly limited piano training.  Ms. Kort takes us through all Laura's albums, what was going on in her life when they were being conceived, developed and recorded, who produced and engineered them, who the other musicians and vocalists were, and the various negotiations Laura engaged in with the record companies to get the result she wanted.  I found this information of great interest and I would not have minded at all if the book had been another three hundred pages.  Most gratifying was that Michele Kort has written a quite detailed book which gives the reader a very good sense of Laura and some of her idiosyncrasies, but she always treats her with the greatest respect.  Over and over, through the many people who knew Laura and are quoted, one realizes that Laura was a genuinely sweet, kind person who was steadfastly more interested in the integrity of her music than any commercial success that others may have urged her toward.  I fully recommend this book to anyone, particularly to those who are Laura Nyro fans.  After reading it, I feel even more sad that she passed on so early, but I at least feel like I got to know her a bit.  While she never answered my letter those many years ago, I feel like I finally got to meet her and know her, and I'm even more enamored with her than before.           