 Lyndon Johnson is, to my mind, one of the most interesting figures of the past century.  This isn't only because of his huge historical importance but also because of his many contradictions.  He used racist epithets in private and fillibustered against civil rights bills, but on the other hand he was one of the few southern congressmen who didn't sign Thurmond's "Southern Manifesto" (at tremendous political risk to himself) and as president went farther on civil rights than even Kennedy wanted to go, even though he knew that doing so was political suicide in the south.  He was often a political opportunist and had a sadistic streak, but he could be selfless and noble too.  For instance he saved thousands of European Jews from the Nazis by helping them to get passports to South American countries, even though there was nothing to be gained politically by doing so.  He was often mean and condescending to his wife, but he obviously respected her and took her advice seriously.  In fact he promoted legislation she had written, and it was on her advice that he finally gave up his reelection bid.  He got us into Vietnam against his better judgment but he did it out of a sense of duty and he had trouble sleeping because he felt responsible  for the Americans who might lose their lives.    Any good biography of LBJ would have to be written by someone who was comfortable with contradiction and ambiguity, and Caro isn't.  In Caro's world there's good and bad and no gray space in between, where Johnson was a complex tragic figure Caro is determined to give us a cardboard cut out villian.  It's as if he's been given Richard II but is determined to have Richard III, no matter how much he must cut.  In doing so Caro shows no principled restraint or respect for the facts.  The good Johnson did is ignored, downplayed, or given the worst possible spin, whereas he lingers on even the most minor transgressions.  Worse, Caro doesn't hesitate to tell us exactly what Johnson was thinking, not what he thinks Johnson was thinking or what Johnson must have been thinking mind you, but what Caro the psychic biographer knows Johnson was thinking, and according to Caro those thoughts were almost always nasty.  In doing so he treats LBJ as if he were his own literary invention, which is the worst sin a biographer can commit.  All this is somewhat redeemed by Caro's writing, which is wonderful I must say, and even though he shows less respect for the truth than does Dallek his work is more readable.  However, anyone really interested in LBJ would do better to check out Dallek's drier but more accurate biography, the recently released White House tapes edited by Beschloss, or even David Foster Wallace's fictional account of Johnson.     