 Seirawan's book has a great deal to recommend it.  He not only covers most of the openings and defenses you're likely to see, but gives you the reasons behind all the important moves.  This is important because in any number of openings it looks like the logical move would be something completely different than what the book recommends, but in all those circumstances (or all the ones I've encountered) Seirawan shows why and how this "logical" move is in fact not so logical at all.  Another great plus is that in looking at Seirawan's commentary on the openings and defenses you'll learn something about positional play rather than just memorize rote openings.  Probably the biggest plus this book has for intermediate players is that, by showing us his own blunders, Seirawan keeps one from getting discouraged.  Finally, he mentions quite a few books on the openings he discusses, so the book points the reader in the right directions if she's interested in a certain opening. So now to the glaring omission:  As other reviewers have pointed out, he doesn't cover the English Opening (1.c4).  What makes this more than a mere gripe, besides the fact the English is a rather common opening, is that at the beginning of the chapter 7 he groups the English with the Barcza Opening, KID, and Pirc Defense as an opening he recommends and implies that he will discuss it in detail.  My theory is that at one time the manuscript did cover the English and editorial pressures forced Seirawan to shorten the book, which he did by cutting his long discussion of the English, and as he planned to discuss it at length there is naturally no short section on the opening and no one remembered to include one.  It seems an odd coincidence that this book and the other title in the series I happen to own (Winning Chess Strategies) are exactly the same length.  If this is the case they should definitely lengthen the book in future editions, and even if not coverage of the English would be nice.  It is exactly the sort of quiet opening that deserves to be discussed with the Barcza.  At any rate the recommendations I've gotten say to respond to the English with a Hedgehog Defense, which Seirawan does cover.  All an all despite this wart it's still a good book to help one get a grip on openings.     