 Kevin Phillips is sure to irk Republicans and even some self-proclaimed Democrats with this book. Conservatives will hate Phillips because he dares to commit the greatest heresy; he questions laissez faire economics. Not only does he question whether it works (he doesn't think it does), but he tries to prove that truly pure laissez faire is a beast as fictional as a unicorn. Phillips contends that Republicans haven't so much gotten the government out of the market as they have favored a certain set of elites, and he documents this in exacting detail. Phillips shows that under the economic policies of the last 20 years the standard of living for the average American family has eroded seriously, and only the rise of two earner households and the ever lengthening work week have prevented a more serious erosion. In other words being an average American in the era of Reagan/Clinton is like running up the down escalator: you've got to work hard to even stay in the same place. This might be easy to dismiss as standard far left ranting except for two things: 1. Phillips is a Republican; in fact he worked for Nixon, a man who is not generally taken to be a socialist. 2. More importantly Phillips covers all his bases. There are graphs for everything, and he anticipates objections like the one that increased benefits have softened the loss of real wages (he agrees they've softened it just a bit but shows that they have not made up for the loss of real wages). Democrats will probably dislike Phillips because he points out that rather than sticking up for the middle class the Democratic Party under the likes of Clinton and Lieberman has simply favored a different set of elites and pandered to their concerns (i.e. silicon valley types rather than Texas oil men). Once again Phillips digs up all sorts of annoying evidence (which make hash of Judis' absurd claim that Clinton and Gore are the real heirs of Theodore Roosevelt, and other such "New Democrat" claptrap). As one might expect from a Nixonite Phillips has a certain level of contempt for the Democratic cultural elite and a good many of the cultural issues that have so obsessed the Democratic Party since McGovern. Unfotunately, this might irk some otherwise sympathetic readers but this is only tangential to the books larger point. He dismisseses the jingoism of Republicans as a cynical way to distract Americans from real problems. The book does have flaws. Phillips' very thoroughness can be one of them; the reader sometimes gets hit over the head with four charts and graphs when one could have proven Phillips' point. Also, his style is at best adequate and he tends to repeat himself. His thesis that history goes in cycles is also a problem. It's a rather grand claim made on not so grand evidence. Still, the paralells between America in the early 21st century and the waning empires of history are interesting, and while it's dumb to assume that history neatly repeats itself (which Phillips doesn't quite do) it's worse to assume that we are so clever and our age so different that we have nothing to learn from the mistakes of history. All in all a solid, well reasoned, measured, and very interesting book. If nothing else Phillips gives us more evidence and less self righteous histrionics than most of the writers who make similar points. I'll take Phillips slightly boring style over a vacuous slogan like "Spank the bank" any day of the week. It's a shame that partisan biases and short attention spans will probably keep his book from getting more of a hearing.     