 With "Tom Dorsey's Trading Tips," Mr. Dorsey accomplished two things: he wrote a great brochure for his money management/investment advisory firm, Dorsey, Wright, & Associates, plus he imparted some excellent investing advice along the way. His background as Director of Option Strategy at Wheat, First Securities, and his long-time professional work with point & figure charts combine to give the seasoned investor an excellent playbook for approaching the stock market with enough education to come out a winner. This is an excellent book not only for the work Dorsey has done with point and figure charts (his bread and butter), but also for the insights he gives on sector investing, relative strength, momentum, and options.  His discussion of the logic behind relative strength is second to none, and morphs nicely into sector rotation. This is the way the stock market basically works, and investors would do well to listen closely to Dorsey's well-reasoned explanations. Point and figure charting is vastly superior to bar charting from the point of view of finding congestion (support and resistance) areas. If you can take the time to learn P&F charting, you will be rewarded by being able to observe the stock market from a much simpler and realistic standpoint. Additionally, there is an extended discussion of options, with an emphasis on buying rather than selling, although he does acknowledge, "Time is the silent killer of all options." He even adds in a little story of how in his earlier days he was right about a stock but still lost money buying its calls. He correctly advises not to sell calls against stock you don't want to let go - "closet uncovered writing," he calls it. But very little space is given to covered option writing, which could be argued is the best investment strategy available to the public investor.  By the time you've consumed Dorsey's thoughts and observations, you will have gotten your money's worth, and hopefully plenty of useful advice on how the market really works.     