 The current importance of Professor Robert J. Shiller's prescient publication in March 2000, right near NASDAQ topping out around 5000, is to see what relevance it has for us today. He begins with 12 factors he believes played a major role in creating the bull market/boom/bubble of the late 1990s, and ends with an assessment of which of those 12 will continue to play an influential role going forward. That, too, should be our concern. First, let me say that his deconstruction of the "efficient market theory" probably has more lasting importance in the financial world than his assessment of whether we had an overvalued stock market, and should be taken to heart by everyone who wants to make money in the stock market. In over a decade as a member of two securities exchanges, I never found any evidence that the random walk or efficient market theories had any significance in real world finance. An ivory tower construct, for sure. Prof. Shiller's 12 reasons for the 1990s boom and their current/future influence: 1. The Internet: It remains a viable growth engine, but got ahead of itself. The Internet continues as a strong influence on business and the stock market.  2. Decline of foreign competition: Our victory over communist economies is waning. New competition (China) will emerge on the world scene. 3: Pro business culture: Could easily turn against the market.  4. Pro business governmental policies: Could easily turn against the market. 5. Life cycles - Baby Boomers: He expects the positive effect to diminish.  6: Financial press reporting: Probably will continue but not show much growth. 7: Optimistic analysts: Can easily turn negative. 8: Retirement plans: Social Security is a potential plus if redirected into stocks. 9. Growth of mutual funds: Difficult to ascertain.  10: Decline of inflation: Can't get lower; can only get worse.  11: Day trading/increased public participation: Likely to continue. More people's access could elevate prices.  12: Rise of national gambling culture: He admits the connection between gambling and the stock market is weak. Prof. Shiller is pro-markets. His concern is whether outrage over the bursting of irrational bubbles might do irreparable harm including turning our society against our capitalistic and free-market institutions. On this point he eloquently states, "Speculative markets perform critical resource-allocation functions (a point I have taken for granted and have not focused on in this book), and any interference with markets to tame bubbles interferes with these functions as well. Ultimately, in a free society, we cannot protect people from all the consequences of their own actions. We cannot protect people completely without denying them the possibility of achieving their own fulfillment. We cannot completely protect society from the effects of waves of irrational exuberance or irrational pessimism - emotional reactions that are themselves part of the human condition." (p233). Perhaps this is why under the subject of what role government might play in cooling down irrationality before it becomes destructive, I did not notice any reference to the FRB's role of setting margin rates on stock purchases. This power (Reg T) was created precisely to cool down speculative markets when they get too hot. Greenspan, for whatever reason, chose not to invoke this tool during the boom. In the end, Prof. Shiller blames investors for their blind exuberance and predicts more difficult times ahead. Indeed, his fears have been borne out the past 3 years. But even he does not rule out another run based on new factors and old psychology because not only is it human to err, but also it is human to be irrational. The solution? In his words, "It may be that the best stabilizing influence on markets is to broaden them, allowing as many people to trade as often as possible." This is why in his next book, "The New Financial Order: Risk in the 21st Century" (2003) (see my review), Prof. Shiller confronts how government and society can work together to mitigate future emotional disruptions to our everyday lives through market-based instruments.     