 Probably the best of the Buffett books. Mary isn't part of the Buffett gang anymore, so she doesn't have anything to protect, just plenty to tell.  Mary Buffett and David Clark spell out Buffett's methodology as well as anybody. But once you get into the meat of the book, you realize that Buffett had (and has) a lot of advantages over most other investors. That, in and of itself, doesn't take away from the genius behind the method, just that you aren't going to approximate his returns without a lot of luck. Particularly interesting is that many of his "great" purchases were made either when the market had momentarily beaten down a good company, or when the market in general was on the ropes. Both situations recall the sage advice to "buy when blood is running in the streets." Sadly, most investors are usually loaded up with stocks (and paper losses) and without the wherewithal to buy more when these panics hit.  That's where Buffett's business strategy comes in. By investing heavily in insurance companies early and often, he's the beneficiary of a steady stream of cash, ready to be put to use whenever the opportunity presents itself. The authors' advice to mimic Buffett in seeking out consumer "monopolies" with intangible assets is good; "an unregulated monopoly that the world hasn't recognized yet," as they say. However, thousands of Wall Street's brightest are hard at work all day and into the night looking for those same jewels. So you'll have plenty of competition. Two problems arise from this type of book. The first is that the assumptions made about the expected growth of earnings/dividends over the course of the next 10 years can easily go astray. The business environment is changing rapidly. Long-range predictions haven't held up well recently (and frequently don't). The second problem is one of practicality. Do you actually have the resources and time to do the footwork that a Buffett or a Peter Lynch can do? If so, then maybe you'll be the next superstar. Otherwise, you'll have to find an easier way of going after that 20+% return year after year.     