 NEXT is a two-part book about progress; how it occurs, how it upsets the current status quo, and how it either continues on or is stymied by an establishment that becomes complacent with its earlier triumphs. The first part describes our rapidly changing world through the "outlaw" actions of young outsiders using new technology in unforeseen ways insiders could never imagine. The second part serves as an interpretation of how this new world is evolving and its implications for our future. About half way through the book the true genius of Lewis becomes evident. Sandwiched between the two segments, and acting as a bridge, is as good (and simple) a description as you will ever see (he puts it in terms and images even the most ardent revolutionary can appreciate) of how capitalism works and has been able to survive all these years. It comes off as a riff on the capitalistic mentality that would do Adam Smith proud, and spin Marx and Lenin around in their graves while putting our mainstream economists to shame. To quote from pages 135 - 137: "Socialistic impulses will always linger in the air, because they grow directly out of the human experience of capitalism. The neurotic, high-strung relationship between the outside and the inside was the market's new and improved way of dealing with the problem. Socialism hadn't been killed by capitalism. It had been subsumed by it. The market has found a way not only to permit the people who are most threatening to it their rebellious notions, but to also capitalize on them. Gnutella was one example of this; Internet was another...It was dreamed up by an academic with an anticommerical streak named Tim Berners-Lee. It was commercialized by a couple of marginal players in Silicon Valley - Jim Clark and Marc Andreessen - at least one of whom (Clark) was a sworn enemy of the big corporation. Five years later it was a mainstream commercial technology...Just as people needed other people to tell them what they were, ideas needed other ideas to tell them what they meant. That's perhaps one reason that people so explicitly hostile to capitalism were given a longer leash than usual; they posed no fundamental risk. [These] people...linger on the fringe until they dream up something that has great commercial potential. Then some big company swoops in and buys them, or they give birth to the big company themselves. Inside every alienated hacker [read: revolutionary] who thinks he stands for the `good things that ultimately don't matter to most businesses' there is a tycoon struggling to get out. It's not the system he hates. His gripe is with the price the system initially offers him to collaborate. The incentive for the outsider was to attack the inside right up to the moment he was co-opted by it. The incentive for the insider - and this took some getting used to -was to allow yourself to be attacked, and then co-opt your most ferocious attackers, and their best ideas...And in the end, those people give birth to the ideas that in turn give birth to fantastic wealth. The only thing capitalism cannot survive is stability. Stability - true stability - is an absence of progress, and a dearth of new wealth." Go back and read that quote again. It's priceless. 357 words that explain an economic mode of thought that has consumed thousands of pages and millions of hours of research, discussion, debate, attack, and defense, while creating the immeasurable wealth we all share in today, one way or the other.  Lewis then follows up (and ends) by expanding his scope to expose the rationale "the establishment" has used throughout history to solidify its place in society after it becomes complacent, diverting its creative energy into protecting the status quo rather than pressing on with the business of progress (read: competition). Using Sun Microsystems former chief engineer Bill Joy's April 2000 Wired Magazine rant giving credence to the Unibomber's fear about the survival of mankind in the age of computers, Lewis explains that it appears the old tech guard, the innovative minds that built the technology of the past 20 years, now realizes it is becoming obsolete at the hands of the new young turks who have taken hold of progress' baton and raced on, leaving them behind.  Here is where I wish Lewis' next offering would be a book about how progress throughout history has occurred in fits and jerks, frequently stymied because "elites" (standfasts) decide that things have advanced enough and it's time to consolidate gains (their gains). The rest of us suffer until the next phase of advancement breaks free of reactionary chains to ignite a new wave of technological progress destined to benefit an even larger consumer base. It is a needed book.  Another thing Lewis doesn't say is that we've been co-opting the machines we've invented ever since the beginning of time. Every machine, to use Marshall McLuhan's phrase, is an extension of ourselves. Just has the hammer and saw are extensions of our hands, so it is that computers are extensions of our brains.  In closing, Lewis does acknowledge the more positive aspects of technology as advocated by Ray Kurzweil ("The Age of Spiritual Machines" - 2000, and "Fantastic Voyage: Live Long Enough to Live Forever" - 2004), implying what we already know: the alternative to NEXT is what has always lurked in stasis - Death. It's what the NEXT NEW NEW THING has always been all about.  As famed Silicon Valley venture capitalist Don Valentine said in an recent interview, "Nothing is revolutionary; it's evolutionary."      