 Professor Eric Prentis' stated purpose, as presented on the front flyleaf, is to position the "The Astute Investor" as the most important stock market book since Benjamin Graham's  "The Intelligent Investor" which was written over 50 years ago in 1949.  To say that Prentis exhausts the subject would be an understatement. There is enough material here to cover entire college courses on finance, economics, and investments. In fact, the book is set up as something one might encounter in an academic setting. Questions are raised at the beginning of each chapter along with what the reader is expected to learn. It's a good overview of where he's leading you.  His statement early on that "Investors repeatedly find it more instructive to be taught the correct questions to be asked rather than to be given only a momentary correct answer..." (19) lays out the framework for what those correct questions should be. Prentis seeks to make his mark by undermining the foundations of The Random Walk Theory, which rests on The Efficient Market Theory, and dates all the way back to the French investor, Louis Bachelier (1900). He intends to replace it with his own Discounted Capital Market Theory and Discounted News Theory - which, taken together, form his metric by which to gauge market value. Perhaps the high point of the work is the way Prentis eviscerates The Random Walk. Anyone, today, who still believes that stock prices wander randomly across the financial landscape should spend a little extra time with Prentis as he expertly explains why it simply isn't true. He completes his broad examination of investment philosophy with a well-thought-out 10-step approach to confronting stock market decision making, then fortifies it with a raft of reference material scattered throughout the book.  Whether "The Astute Investor" will replace "The Intelligent Investor" depends upon how well Prentis' theories age through the years.  Those investors looking for a well-rounded approach to long-term investing will find this is a good place to start.     