 THE GOLEM is a landmark in filmmaking because it was the very first of the silents, after Edison's long-lost and sought after production of FRANKENSTEIN in 1910 to present to the cinema the art of camera movement to provide suspense and horror. A movement very popularly mesmerizing through German Expressionism. Seeing this film to mind brings comparisons to the later FRANKENSTEIN films which no doubt had a strong influence on James Whale. There were actual rumors that for Bela Lugosi's screen test for the Monster he was built heavily of clay, and had a wig very much resembling Paul Wegener's Golem. This DVD is much better than the three pack of Golem/Caligari/Nosferatu released several years ago, because like the individual DVD releases of Caligari and Nosferatu (with the curious exception of Metropolis) the film's actual tints and title cards are restored, thus viewers are able to see what they initially missed through earlier VHS releases. Paul Wegener's Golem is very much portrayed as a precursor to Karloff's Frankenstein Monster. Hulking, sympathetic, misunderstanding, easily crossed, and feared by all except children. The films imagery is remarkable with the astrological symbols and sights of the stars in the sky, making the film atmospherical and at the same time suspenseful. The scene in which Rabbi Loew (Albert Steinruck) harbors black magic by spawning a ring of fire about him whilst spelling the magic words of ASTAROTH is still spellbinding after 80 years. Legends of creatures made from clay are as old as recorded history. These were artificial men made of clay or mud, which was brought to life when the name of God is pronounced over it. Some stories say that it is then able to understand orders and is just great for doing housework. Others say that it can be used as a frightening type of bodyguard. Either way, it seemed that if you had a pet golem, there would be trouble right around the corner. On its' forehead is written the Jewish word EMETH, which means "truth". Every day the golem would become bigger and bigger, and heavier and heavier. Finally it would become a nuisance, if not a downright danger, to have it around the house. So the first letter of the word on his forehead must be rubbed out. The inscription now would read METH, which now would mean "he is dead". The golem would collapse and turn into clay once again. One story w?s told of a golem that grew so tall and large that its' master could not reach its forehead to rub out the magic letter. So the golem was ordered to take off its shoes. When it bent over to do this, its' master quickly erased the first letter. Unfortunately the golem turned into a huge lump of clay and fell on top of its' master, thereby crushing him to death. Rabbi Loew has a different method by simply snatching the magical symbol from the Golem's chest. For those of you who own the recent VHS releases and want to know the name of the beautiful music piece heard throughout the film, it is "Brandenburg Concerto No. 3 in G Minor" composed by Johann Sebastian Bach. Karl Freund and Edgar G. Ulmer (who later directed the 1934 classic THE BLACK CAT) give the film their usual fantastic photography to the film. Lyda Salmonova is still an eye opener as Miriam, and look fast for Greta Schroeder (who appeared later as Ellen in NOSFERATU) as a flower girl.     