 I will always remember Steven Spielberg hosting interviews during documentaries of his life detailing stories of himself being misunderstood as a child, which says in a nutshell a passage in life all of us can relate to. So it was his inspiration to transfer that simple idea into such an unforgettable film as E.T. THE EXTRA TERRESTRIAL. Melissa Matheson's screenplay is among one of the most remarkable achievements ever accomplished in cinema history. It is so simple and yet so compelling. The story of young Elliott who is a simple boy from Elementary School, longing for companionship with the separation of his parents. He lives with his Mother Mary (Dee Wallace Stone in one of her very first), older brother Michael (Robert Macnaughton), and younger sister Gertie (7-year old Drew Barrymore). One day he gets the shock of his life when an alien from outer space crash lands on Earth to pay him a visit he will never forget. So simple, and yet so compelling. As such it is a story for the audience to never forget. Steven Spielberg has been an inspiration for future filmmakers to come, and perhaps will always be remembered for such films as the INDIANA JONES trilogies, SCHINDLER'S LIST, and the many other films to follow. That is the reason I think E.T. is easy to become forgotten about every now and then because in today's film culture it becomes so simple to neglect the subleties invigorated into crafting such films that inspire others and take inspiration from simple ideas everyone can relate to. There is humor and drama aplenty, Elliott showing E.T. simple things such as Star Wars action figures, watching television, or moments while away at school while E.T. finds his way around the house, Elliott begans hallucinating into his very thoughts. So their personalities become combined as one. It weaves the theme of being protective and caring as friends, as Elliott vows to protect E.T. from the government officials and safe from sunlight. The DVD is a real treat as it includes such delights as: Production notes A special introduction by Steven Spielberg Live performance of John Williams' 2002 orchestra Space Explorations The original 1982 and enhanced 2002 versions "Spotlight on Location" featurette The Reunion: The cast and filmmakers discuss the impact of the films The Evolution and Creation of ET: hundreds of production photographs, conceptual drawings and original advertising in an interactive environment DVD-ROM features with Total Axess includes behind-the-scenes footage, interviews, and more Widescreen anamorphic format Such an extraordinary film to date and even more so because it helped launch the careers' of many famous faces today not only Drew Barrymore, but C. Thomas Howell, and for those of you unfamiliar with movie trivia - that's 13 year old Erika Eleniak playing the girl in class Elliott can't take his eyes off. A sure winner - which should never be forgotten! Why aren't there more like this?     