 First of all I am going to disagree with many that Madonna actually gives a surprisingly good performance as the seductress on trial. What gave me the heebie-jeebies about seeing this movie isn't so much to controversial sex scenes, but the fact that it was released shortly after BASIC INSTINCT, and the script worked seemlessly as a companion piece for it. What made it work though, was the courtroom scenes, as corny as they were. As a hard-headed lawyer Willem Dafoe's Frank Dulaney is the character who gets more personal taking your case than if you were the witness. It is demonstrated very effectively in the moments where Anne Archer is in the witness stand. Critique: Madonna's on trial for the murder of her wealthy older lover. After an evening's entertainment, he is found dead apparently had a bad heart. Seeing Madonna naked probably did the trick.....LOL! Dafoe inevitably falls for her, and the case twists and turns. Thus the screenplay ties the film together as a kaleidoscope with very little brilliant colors. Who's the blame? Director Uli Edel? Or the cameraman? There is one scene during Dafoe's opening deliberation where we notice a very attractive young girl in the jury. Are we supposed to believe, this gal will turn into a hero of the juries to help turn Madonna loose? Nope, she's just another citizen just trying to earn the extra dough. For Madonna fans this is a sure winner. Her character is the perfect vamp. Anybody would feel right at home in Portland. I know because I have been there myself and it is a beautiful city. As Madonna memorably points out while being interrogated by Joe Mantegna as the opposing attorney, "Portland is a small city. I even dated a man who dated a woman you dated." Clearly Dafoe has feelings for her when watching her pose naked beneath the balustrade. It probably made the fishermen in the area a little eerie as well. Her character and all the other characters have seemingly no morals or values. What does she dedicate her life to? She answers that in one of the funniest lines in the entire movie, which unfortunately cannot be printed here. True, Madonna is a very beautiful, very talented woman. So much so, she must have been offered a heck of a salary to take the part. Had she been any wiser, she would have refused it, and Sharon Stone or Meryl Streep may have gotten the role. Who knows. Maybe they refused it too. Think about it. The entire movie looks like it was filmed in a very short amount of time, on a very low budget, and written by a High School play director. It's been a while since I've seen Uli Edel direct anything else after this, or his crew. They are probably bagging groceries at Trader Joe's right now as I speak. Buy if you're a Madonna fan. Anyone else....you've been warned!     