 In 1989 television had a popular series of Cops and Robbers entitled L.A. TAKEDOWN which was the inspiration for Michael Mann's epic 1995 film HEAT. L.A. Cop Vincent Hanna (Pacino) traces a series of thefts and murder cases lead by mastermind Neil Macaulay (DeNiro) and his crew. The trouble is their talents are just as equal. Makes perfect sense as the acting styles portrayed by Pacino and DeNiro together and all other films in the past are also unmatched in excellence. Seeing them together on screen for the first time in many years is as electrifying as seeing them years ago whether it was THE GODFATHERS, THE UNTOUCHABLES, you name it! I've never been much of a fan of Mafia Gangster movies which I've seen Pacino and DeNiro in from the past, but this film is definitely the highlight of their careers! What also makes the story work so well is it is realistic. Pacino is nearly estranged from his wife, a third marriage, as his duties keep him away from family matters. His wife Justine (Diane Venora) frustrated tries to resolve, but attempts are unsuccessful. As Neil Macaulay, DeNiro gives us a very different villain. He is not a Mafia Gangster in the Al Capone style. He is not a villain portrayed from Dirty Harry or Lethal Weapon films. He is simply an ordinary man with assignments to do. Unfortunately the assignments get him into trouble every step of the way. He has only two choices - withdraw or be killed - all on the duty and on one job. He later meets an attractive young library worker (Amy Brenneman), and lies to her that he's a salesman. When she later discovers his true identity, the heat is coming around the corner again. What choices does he have? Dump her or tell her the truth that he can't see her ever again. You can actually feel the intense emotions which both Pacino and DeNiro go through together. Thus HEAT provides something very different. The audience comes to terms and understands the villains of the story. As such, we find ourselves not wanting to see them killed off. Several critics have complained of overlength, which is true as the film is a little long. The overlength is good in this case, as it better explains the events as they unfold. HEAT is a more than an action film. It's about relations, about friendship, about trust and loyalty, about treachery, about revenge, about commitments, and about reality.  Very memorable performances as well from Val Kilmer, Tom Sizemore, and Danny Trejo as DeNiro's henchman. With them the same situations apply. They, in a sense, are simply men on duty, when things go amiss, what choices do they have then to kill or be killed? It is demonstrated very cleverly when one of DeNiro's crew jumps the gun and kills a cop, causing the whole heist to go awry. One more problem for DeNiro to deal with - to not be snitched. Here is a real curiosity, Tom Sizemore plays a character named Michael, and my name is Michael. Plus Tom Sizemore and I both share the same Birthday - September 29! Unforgettable classic classic classic film....BUY IT! DVD disappointingly doesn't contain much extras though, except all the trailers. Would have loved a commentary. Still an awesome movie though. Actions films just don't get any better than this!     