 ERIN BROCKOVICH is a superbly acted film, but as a screenplay it works too much more like a combination of SILKWOOD, A CIVIL ACTION, and Julia Roberts in a plunging neckline. Director Steven Soderbergh must have actually met with the real Erin Brockovich as she is casted in the film briefly in the dining cafe. She is a surprisingly attractive lady, and has a very pleasant demeanor. As Erin, Julia Roberts makes her more an antagonizing, rebellious vamp. I wonder if Soderbergh even bothered to investigate her real life. We have seen her on Oprah, for crying out loud! She's a single mother, three kids, flat broke, and has an unexpected shocker when Doctor in a Jaguar whiplashes her. Enter Albert Finney as Detective Ed Masry, a sensational actor who I thought looked as uncomfortable in the business suit as he did playing Oliver Warbucks in ANNIE. At least we don't have to see him singing and dancing this time around. The big day in court goes amiss, and Erin later finds herself under Masry's employment for a prospective law firm where she gets little or no help from co-workers. In an amusing way Erin gives them little comfort by wearing a very revealing skirt on her first day, where Masry remarks "You may want to consider changing your work outfit!", and she subtly responds "I look very well in this, thank you, and so long as I have one [behind] and not two, I will wear whatever I like!" Fine, considering she already lost her personal injury suit by flashing cleavage and mouthing four-letter words on the witness stand. This all made me wonder if the real Erin was ever mistreated or even worse patronized for somebody mistaking her for a hooker. To quickly summon up the rest, she's soon fired, re-hired, and finds a good companion with the next door neighbor George (Aaron Eckhart), and what's her first pick-up line? Delivering a myriad of numbers, one of which is her phone number, which she bets he will never bother to call. Tracey Walter sure was a pleasant surprise to see as a slimy character Erin encounters in a tavern, revealing a long awaited secret. What becomes even more tiresome than an overlong story that never really entails an accurate depiction of the events is the piano music score echoing through the film whenever Erin is on the move. What am I doing? I keep saying Erin - Julia I mean. Given her sassy wardrobes it also comes as a surprise none of the coworkers even try to hit on her or ask her out. The least she could do is mouth them off as she does so elegantly to everybody else in the office. Aside from that the dialogue between the stars is great. Thus enabling Julia fans to come up with great pickup lines when harassed on the normal day to day mishaps. You apply for jobs, and never get responses - you come in person. A District Attorney tries to discredit you - you say "And your point is....?". Finally my personal favorite, your boss assumes you were off having fun, you say "And I assume you've never been laid!" With the downsize of the economy now, it goes to show you how far you can go when being quick with the quips, and dressing in style. We'll be in for a real treat if Julia wears one of her skirts at the Award Ceremonies. Julia's performance and kinky wardrobes, and Sheryl Crow's "Everyday is a Winding Road" makes it all memorable, but overlength and character indifference hurts it right from the fade in.     