 ...as quoted from the original 1957 trailer to this, the first of many British produced Horror Classics. The real treat for audiences, after years of viewing films from Universal's camp in black and white is it being rich in technicolor. Director Terence Fisher, a veteran director of cult classics crafted this well-adapted version which would follow a myriad of future films, yet like many other originals this stands out as the best. WARNING: POSSIBLE SPOILERS AHEAD!!! As expected, the screenplay strays greatly from Mary Shelley's original novel, like James Whale's 1931 production, yet it effectively avoids rehashing plot elements from the earlier films. Peter Cushing stars as Baron Victor Frankenstein who is held in prison for murder and his execution is imminent. When he is visited by a Priest, he tells his tale of being obsessed with creating life following inheritance of his family name with the death of his Father. Enter Paul Krempe (Robert Urquhart) who tutors Victor in the process. After they restore a dead puppy, they resolve to recreate a man - and thus Victor's obsession, and Paul's reluctance ensues. Trouble begins as Victor's cousin Elizabeth (a very young, and very lovely Hazel Court) comes to stay at the Castle, and Victor has a secret love affair with Justine the maid (Valerie Gaunt, also the Vampiress in HORROR OF DRACULA). Things are guaranteed to get out of hand even more when the Creature awakens! Although it is stiff and very slow-paced at times, a clever blend of suspense and camp is woven into the script. For instance, there are graphic close-ups of severed hands, assembled body organs, and although seen only very briefly mentions of halfway decayed cadavers. Thus Victor forms the creation out of several different people. The body from that of a murderer who was hanged. The head and hands from an artist, and the brain from a Professor and Colleague. One must wonder how he seems strongly unrepulsed by this work. Christopher Lee, although never with a word of dialogue, and reported hated the role, delivers a pretty good performance as the Creature. Gigantic, confused, and tortured. Like the 1931 Frankenstein, he is practically tortured by his Creator. So when he awakens it is only logical for him, having the brain of the man he killed to create him, to identify his killer and attack. Thus Christopher Lee's monster deliberately avoids copying patent Karloff's monster make-up. Artist Phil Leakey designs a network of scars and putty to resemble something out of traffic accident. One eye larger than the other, a sewed up cranium, and incredibly strong. For collectors of Horror fans this is definite must, but no where near as good as HORROR OF DRACULA, featuring many of the same cast and crew. 1970's HORROR OF FRANKENSTEIN followed this film eerily well, so no doubt it made a strong influence in films to come. You almost get around this so well because Peter Cushing portrays the role with such authority that Hammer Studios effectively brings an entirely different personification of Dr. Frankenstein never quite visualized before. He is cold, ruthless, remorseless, and a murderer to boot - HE is the true monster of the film, not the pitiable disfigured hulk played by Christopher Lee.     