 NOSFERATU rates among one of my all-time favorite horror classics, and I always thought to see a film version today or even a modern day re-working of the film would be a visual feast. We must remember we are very fortunate to see NOSFERATU today. Henrik Galeen adapted the story from Bram Stoker's novel DRACULA and published the novel without clearing copyright restrictions. Stoker's widow, Florence Stoker filed a lawsuit and all prints were ordered destroyed. Miraculously - one print survived! The rest is history. But back to SHADOW OF THE VAMPIRE. There is no getting around the fact performances from both John Malkovich as F.W. Murnau the famed Director of NOSFERATU, and Willem Dafoe as Max Schreck who portrayed Count Orlock is nothing short of incredible. I cannot even describe in words how great they are. Udo Kier, Catherine McCormack, Eddie Izzard, and Cary Elwes are also a joy to see, but the entire story seems to be lost in its' own fantasy and fails to depict a historical projection of what actually happened during NOSFERATU's production in late 1921. Dafoe's Max Schreck (how did they get the make-up so perfect, by the way?) - is an actual vampire! He is unpredictable, creepy, cunning, charming at times, and ever lustful for McCormack's Greta Schroeder. He is more disobedient about taking Murnau's direction seriously than a house cat wanting its' treats before supper. And therein is seemingly the entire focus of the script. After filming the scene where Izzard (portraying Gustav von Wangenheim's Thomas Hutter) cuts his finger, and Orlock reacts as any vampire would react, he gets overzealous and kills the cameraman. That is where the tension between Schreck and Murnau begin, but the uneasiness concerning how he found this...animal is never fully explained. The film has its' ups and downs, but overall I see no reason to advise anyone not to see it, so if you love NOSFERATU as much as I do, and want to learn more it would be worth the DVD price. It's only that I felt the film deserved more of a plot to accomplish what it might have behind a different script.     