 That meaning something is missing from both the film and the DVD. I agree with various reviewers that this should be more entitled "Kenneth Branagh's Frankenstein", because that is essentially what it is. It's more a rehash of the British Horrors of the 60s, and hardly a faithful rendition of the novel. Even Bride of Frankenstein was more faithful than this. The story begins very well with the voyage of the Sea Captain encountering the emaciated Dr. F, a footnote not many are familiar with. The story begins from Victor's childhood, and the tragedy of his Mother's death turns his quest into an obsession. The build-up towards the Creature's birthing sequence is very well staged. I do like DeNiro's develop of the Creature. First as a mentally underdeveloped brute, then slowly becoming educated through sight, touch, sense, smell, and taste. Heck, anybody who maintains a fairly decent complexion through a balanced diet of raw potatoes should catch on quickly. After the inevitable scene where the Creature is banished from humankind and seeks revenge is where the entire story begins to spin madly out of control. Too many key scenes in the film that DO take place in the novel all occur out of sequence. The Monster's encounter with Victor in the snow mountains, the murder of William, and the hanging of Justine. In the novel, Justine is condemned to the gallows, and Victor seeking solitude has a not so fortuitous encounter with his creation. There the Creature tells his story beginning with his birth. It's the same thing for Elizabeth's death scene. He was supposed to strangle her - not play Mortal Kombat by plucking her heart out. Following that where Victor revives an amalgamated Elizabeth/Justine is too campy. It spoofs not only BRIDE OF FRANKENSTEIN, but all the others; Andy Warhol's 1974 FLESH FOR FRANKENSTEIN, YOUNG FRANKENSTEIN, even FRANKENSTEIN UNBOUND. I do like that Helena Bonham Carter, like Catherine Rabett before her makes a sexy Elizabeth. John Cleese, Tom Hulce, Aidan Quinn, and Ian Holm are also always joys to see onscreen. I'll say Kenneth Branagh and Robert DeNiro had a good time making this movie. I like the scene where he tries about thirteen times to help him stand over a layer of amniotic fluid. Patrick Doyle's score and Roger Pratt's camerawork also don't help the production much, making the film even more overwhelming. So do I recommend it? I'm ashamed to say it, but yes. The trouble is I still have YET to see a movie version of the novel that is entirely faithful. The film has it's strengths and weaknesses, and is still an enjoyable treat for those in the mood for an entirely different perception of FRANKENSTEIN than the Gothic trademark laboratory and lightning. As far as the DVD is concerned, the picture and sound quality is outstanding. The color contrasts are treated so they are appropriately light during day, and bluish-dark during night. This is not an uncommon restoration process through silent classics. Seeing the film in widescreen also gives it a very different dimension. The VHS version looks too lacking in color and contrast. Watch it with the lights turned off, and you'll see what I mean. The extras include French and Spanish audio, and the original trailer, plus strangely enough the MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING trailer. My only disappointment with it is there is no audio commentary from Branagh and/or DeNiro. If a newer version of the DVD is released including an audio commentary I would be very interested in hearing it. To wrap it all up, this is a good version of the FRANKENSTEIN saga, but along the way, I can never help but feel something just is not appropriately registered.     