 If John Barrymore's 1920 production was good due to a hybrid first novelization, and the presence of Brandon Hurst unforgettable as Sir George Carew in the cast. Spencer Tracy's 1941 was good because of lavish production value. It's this Fredric March that truly brings the full splendor of Robert Louis Stevenson's novel to the screen. Although they may not have achieved the popularity of Lugosi's DRACULA or Karloff's FRANKENSTEIN, March's portrayal of the obsessed Doctor is still unforgettable as it is impressive. After all he was the only actor to achieve an Oscar for his performance as the title roll in a horror film. Of course, DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE is more than a horror film. It is a tale of love, a tale of the schizophrenic, a tale of the animal nature within ourselves, and a tale of human frailties. Rose Hobart is also great as Jekyll's love interest Muriel Carew, and Miriam Hopkins is still a hottie as Miss "Champagne Ivy is My Name" Ivy Pearson. Holmes Herbert, Edgar Norton, and Halliwell Hobbes also give outstanding portrayals.  As for Spencer Tracy's 1941 version, it may not be as good as the 1932 Fredric March film, but it is a real treat due to its' lavish production value, and sensational all-star cast. Ingrid Bergman as Ivy, Lana Turner as the love interest (changed from Muriel Carew to Beatrix Emery, in the John Barrymore it was Martha Mansfield as Millicent Carew), Donald Crisp as Sir Charles Emery (the General Carew character), Ian Hunter as Dr. Lanyon, and an impressive supporting cast including Barton MacLane, Sara Allgood, Billy Bevan, Fredric Worlock, and many others. I remember in the late 1980's when the film was colorized for television viewings, but for some reason the colorized version is hard to find now. Director Victor Fleming was also well known for helming THE WIZARD OF OZ. Thus Tracy's transformations look much more sophisticated as during this time make-up artists now perfected the process with foam rubber appliances instead of cotton latex. Notice how Lon Chaney's THE WOLF MAN, and Glenn Strange's FRANKENSTEIN MONSTER greatly differed from the original make-up designs in ABBOTT AND COSTELLO MEET FRANKENSTEIN as compared to the original films, for instance. A little trivia: That's Brandon Hurst playing Briggs, Dr. Lanyon's Butler. He was memorable as Sir George Carew in the John Barrymore version! There is also the Looney Tunes classic "Hyde and Hare" which alone demonstrates how the films had their influence on pop-culture. Fredric March and Spencer Tracy would ironically star together years later in the courtroom classic INHERIT THE WIND. It is fascinating to watch the transformation scenes. Whether in the laboratory, sitting at a bench in a park, or standing next to a street light, the special effects photography are still enough to make your eyes pop out, and this was some 60 years before computer graphics animation.     