 I had the great pleasure of seeing the original Broadway Musical when it re-opened on stage several years ago, and true it was better and more original than this. However the movie was crafted with such inspiration from Director John Huston that I didn't mind. What was unfortunate is many hit songs from the musical "We'd Like to Thank You Herbert Hoover", "NYC", and "Something Was Missing" were replaced by thankless songs such as "Dumb Dog", "We Got Annie", and "Let's Go to the Movies". Okay, the point has been clearly made through other peoples' reviews but I too want to clear the air on this one: The story takes place in the depression era 1933. Camille wasn't released until 1937, John Huston already 76 years old in 1982 when this film was released, I'm sure he remembered newspaper articles about the depression during this time. Why he was being so historically inaccurate? Most likely reason, to bring a fresh new idea into the script. Realistically when you are adapting a screenplay of a hit musical into a big-budget movie you don't really have the time and/or resources to make it fully original and faithful to the musical itself. Plus it was an effective way of adding more memorable musicals to the film. Therefore such implausibilities were irrelevant. The songs staging were done extraordinarily well. All actors and actresses perform the musical numbers with such energy and there are all choreographed so beautifully. It's almost as if you never could really tell did they study what performers from the musical did, or simply incorporate it into their own way. The only deviation that really bothered me occured during the end of the film. We have Annie hanging from a raised railroad track, and Miss Hannigan is at the end celebrating instead of being arrested as she was in the musical. What's that all about? I seem to remember Rooster coming after Annie with a knife in the musical. In here, she escapes from their clutches, and Rooster pursues her shouting "I'm going to kill that kid!" Isn't that a little too intense for young children? The cast is assembled is excellent. Albert Finney is fantastic as Oliver Warbucks. In fact every time I see him in another movie, whether it be as Hercule Poirot in MURDER ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS or Detective Masry in ERIN BROCKOVICH, I am inclined to instantly remember him from this film. So is Ann Reinking as Grace Farrell. She's a great actress, and a great singer. Plus she plays the role with such sweetness as intended. Carol Burnett is a riot as Miss Hannigan, I have always enjoyed her comic roles. Tim Curry and Bernadette Peters as Rooster and Lily are both menacing and humorous. We also have Geoffrey Holder as the new character Punjab, a tall Indian servant who can levitate objects or knock out intruders with a single karate chop. He was also known for a crackling laugh, and his deep baritone voice. Aileen Quinn is excellent as Annie, and it's been a while since I've seen her in anything following this. I wonder what she looks like now. Incidentally she shares her birthday with Danielle Brisebois (Stephanie Mills in ALL IN THE FAMILY) who played Molly in the Broadway production. The other orphans were also great. Especially Toni Ann Gisondi as a both cute and charming Molly. I am obliged to give ANNIE a fair and unbiased review because it was such a hit at the time, being inspired from the musical. Plus I and many other people from my generation grew up on watching films such as this. See the Broadway Musical and compare. I still have the soundtrack of both this and the Broadway production. As far as the Disney version, I wasn't too impressed by that. This is much better. The acting and musical numbers are great, and the production setting actually DOES look like New York City in 1933. It actually enables you to believe you are there. Good film to watch with the family. If you're feeling nostalgic anyway.     