 With the releases of the LEGACY Collections boxed sets of all the Classic Universal Monsters last year, it seemed only fitting that in due time more of the following classics to come would be released, and this is a wonderful way to begin. All of the genre Bela Lugosi classics are here in this set. All except MURDERS IN THE RUE MORGUE feature his own rival - Boris Karloff on screen as well!  MURDERS IN THE RUE MORGUE (1932) Dr. Mirakle (Lugosi) poses as a perverted Darwinian who cross breeds apes and humans. For this requires test subjects, one of which is a Cesare-like gorilla to carry girls from rooftops on his behalf. Aided by another servant, he carries out his experiments in his own private laboratory. Also stars Sidney Fox, Leon Waycoff (Ames), Arlene Francis, and Noble Johnson.  THE BLACK CAT (1934) Newlyweds David Manners and Julie Bishop are en route to Vienna, when their train compartment is shared by Bela Lugosi as a Hungarian psychiatrist. After an accident on the road during a thunderstorm they are forced to stay the night in a spooky old castle owned by Boris Karloff, who is as we are soon to discover a follower of the Devil, and an old enemy of Lugosi's during the war. Also stars Egon Brecher, Harry Cording, and Albert Conti.  THE RAVEN (1935) When a noble Judge's dancing daughter is wounded in a traffic accident, he seeks the help of Bela Lugosi as a plastic surgeon to save her life. The operation is successful, although Lugosi seems to want something in return. Boris Karloff plays an escaped criminal running from the law who also seeks Lugosi's aide. Lugosi performs surgery on Karloff, disfiguring him as his servant to do his evil bidding when he invites the girl, her father, and other guests to his mansion. Also stars Samuel S. Hinds, Irene Ware, Lester Matthews, and Ian Wolfe.  THE INVISIBLE RAY (1936) Scientist Boris Karloff is obsessed with finding the Nebula Ray of Andromeda to discover it's secret powers of solar energy. He adjourns to Africa with an expedition crew along with a benevolent doctor (Bela Lugosi), his wife, and others. The discovery is a success, however it exposes Karloff to the gamma rays. At intervals his body glows and his touch is fatal. When his fellow scientists abandon his research claiming his discovery for their own, he seeks blood revenge on them all. Also stars Frances Drake, Walter Kingsford, Beulah Bondi, and Frank Lawton.  BLACK FRIDAY (1940) Boris Karloff is convicted to the electric chair. When the story progresses to the past, his friend Professor Kingsley (Stanley Ridges) is fatally wounded from an automobile accident during a gangster raid. The other victim is the escaped criminal. Before the criminal dies he pleads Karloff to save him, with the promise of half a fortune he has hidden somewhere - which is the reason the gangster enemies (lead by Bela Lugosi) were after him. Karloff agrees, although illegally places the brain of the criminal inside the head of his wounded friend. After recovery, Karloff and Ridges adjourn to New York. Soon, Ridges undergoes mental relapses as the escaped killer and seeks revenge on the gangsters who were responsible for his death. Also stars Anne Gwynne, Anne Nagel, Edmund Macdonald, Jack Mulhall, Paul Fix, and Raymond Bailey.  Enough said? Great for Halloween thrills and chills!      