 It may be taken for granted after seeing a particular copy of a classic film that includes a certain background music that sounds perfect with the film, that one would expect this particular music to be available on CD. Such as not the case with NOSFERATU, but this splendid CD is still worth listening to. As many film collectors know, F.W. Murnau's legendary silent classic NOSFERATU has became available through very many VHS editions, from such distributors as King Video, Vintage Silent Classics, Hollywood Gold, Blackhawk Videos, Republic Pictures Silents, and most recently we have the alleged Ultimate Edition available on DVD. It may be common knowledge that all videos contain a different music score in the background. So in silent films there is no OFFICIAL music score. James Bernard, who has for years been a popular composer of the British Hammer Horror Classics such as THE CURSE OF FRANKENSTEIN and HORROR OF DRACULA. Whereas Bernard's music for THE CURSE OF FRANKENSTEIN is somewhat escalator-ish and at the same time thrilling, the HORROR OF DRACULA score consists of three or four note motifs that bring to full intensity the pure evil of Count Dracula. In both films, they blend perfectly well with Christopher Lee's incredible performances. With this recent release of the NOSFERATU soundtrack, Bernard brings a similar shtick. The opening Overture is at first creepy then gets loud and compelling. Please note, these are all music pieces that we have never heard in any video release known as of yet, so for this reason hearing this CD would be worth it. With the Blackhawk Video release of the opening credits you first hearing a wolf howling, followed by frenzied, chilling music. You can actually feel what kind of a movie you are about to watch. With the Republic Pictures, the music during the beginning is a little introductory, and plays different music pieces for each character to establish the seriousness of their prominence to the film. Bernard's music to the "Hutter and Ellen" tracks first get playful, considering you hear the music played at so many different tones, first you hear it slow, than at a faster pace later. The music suddenly gets sad when Hutter announces his ill-fated quest. The music during the arrival of the Castle is appropriately dark and somber. I especially like the music for "The Ship of Doom", and would have loved to hear more background music for this scene. But given it was such an eerie, compelling scene to show Count Orlock's arrival by the sea, it was probably for the best that not very much background music was to be heard. It gives the entire scene a more darker complexity. Finally there is "The Pursuit of Knock" which for the first time brings a musical motif to Count Orlocks' demented follower. In many silent video versions of the score you only hear one certain musical piece for each of his scenes, or only for the scene towards the end, when Knock is being pursued by the crowd. Either way, it works. Finally there is the scene where Ellen sacrifices her life to keep Count Orlock by her bedside until dawn. Bernard's music for this is somewhat piercing, rather than slow and eerie as I would have expected it to be. Yet it does give a good dimension to the scene. Given this soundtrack may someday be a very rare collectible, I would say it is worth picking up for film collectors, or at least fans of old Horror classics. My only advice is don't be too deceived by the words "Original Soundtrack Recording" to films such as old silents. There never is any official score. Nevertheless, I recommend picking it up.     