 The late 1950s were a historical significance to the Horror Genre, being the first to introduce Gothic Horror in splendid technicolor. With the release of THE CURSE OF FRANKENSTEIN in 1957, it seemed only logical to follow with an adaptation of the DRACULA legend - and this, the first of many feature films, passes in flying colors. From the opening credits to the ending, James Bernard's haunting music score sends a chilling fear to the audience symbolizing a sense of cruelty and authority from Count Dracula, juxtaposing Christopher Lee's tigerish sensual interpretation. In a clever first opening before the first fade in, a close-up of Dracula's coffin is visible and smear of blood forms a crucifix. WARNING: POSSIBLE SPOILERS AHEAD!!! Unlike Bela Lugosi's 1931 film, it follows Bram Stoker's novel more closely. Jonathan Harker adjourns to Castle Dracula, posing as a librarian, to destroy the Count. He is warned off by superstitious peasants and secretly keeps a diary of everything that he encounters. He soon gets more than he bargained for when Dracula and his Vampiress trap him, and lure him to be one of them. His attempts to destroy the Count are in vain. Enter Peter Cushing (after a thoroughly evil performance as Baron Frankenstein) as the brave and heroic Professor Van Helsing, who releases Jonathan from his spell too late. When he passes the news to Arthur Holmwood (a young Michael Gough), and his wife Mina (Melissa Stribling), and an ailing Lucy (Carol Marsh) matters become more complicated. Another deviation in the novel Lucy is Arthur's ailing wife, and Mina is Jonathan's fiancee. When Lucy perishes, Arthur is convinced to aid Van Helsing in his quest. Like THE CURSE OF FRANKENSTEIN before it the film is rich in technicolor and graphic with violent close-ups of vampires being staked to death, or victims being bitten in the jugular. Likewise, the performances are splendid, and the action is fast-paced and unrelenting. You are guaranteed to be kept at the edge of your seat! There are chilling moments a plenty, consisting of Dracula's rising from his coffin echoing Max Schreck's infamous scenes in NOSFERATU. Even more convincing is Christopher Lee having precisely the right look and physique for the role. Tall, suave, handsome, and athletic. Unlike Max Schreck's ratlike figure or Bela Lugosi's aristocratic charmer, or John Carradine's Shakespearen flair, - Christopher Lee provides the perfect characterization and would return in 1966's DRACULA, PRINCE OF DARKNESS and several later films to follow. Now in his 80s, he is still a rising star off the recent success of STAR WARS EPISODE 2 and the LORD OF THE RINGS films. He was memorable as the villain in the 1974 James Bond classic THE MAN WITH THE GOLDEN GUN. He also provides a definite precursor to come when Dracula would be portrayed later by such actors as Louis Jourdan, Jack Palance, Frank Langella, and Gary Oldman. Let's not forget Udo Kier in BLOOD FOR DRACULA. I can't say enough without spoiling - any true-blooded Horror Fan MUST buy this - YOU ARE GUARANTEED TO LOVE IT! Terence Fisher's very best film to date!     