 Many reviewers like me may have tough choices between listening to this original Broadway cassette or the soundtrack to John Huston's 1982 film version. Yet for originality, a great listening experience, and perhaps a little nostalgia, you cannot beat this original recording. I was only a year old in 1977 during the original showing in New York, however I did view a later showing at a theater stage in Seattle several years ago and it was an absolute thrill and made you actually feel you were there to see the original. Not only the stages, but the songs are so well choreographed and rehearsed that it makes you feel you actually are there during the depression era in 1933. Andrea McArdle is still a standout as Annie, and now in her 40s is still active as bit parts in musicals. The late legends consisting of Reid Shelton as Oliver Warbucks, Dorothy Loudon as Miss Hannigan, and Laurie Beechman in several different singing roles have such wonderful singing voices that they really standout among the rest. From the opening musical comprising of every motif from TOMORROW to WE'D LIKE TO THANK YOU HERBERT HOOVER give it all a classy introduction. The main songs begin appropriately with MAYBE and IT'S A HARD KNOCK LIFE, as the film version did. This is better because it restores the songs missing from the film, WE'D LIKE TO THANK YOU HERBERT HOOVER, NYC, and SOMETHING WAS MISSING. Not only are the singing voices beautiful, but the orchestra pit members cue every little note so beautifully with the main chorus. The missing tracks following A NEW DEAL FOR CHRISTMAS are restored outtakes from the recent 1998 version that are added in as a bonus to give listeners a pleasant listening experience to several small skits that were omitted from the 1977 recording. For the record, Laurie Beechman has memorable singing credits as Sophie the Kettle, the Star to Be, and one of the Boylan Sisters. A little trivia, that's Danielle Brisebois (Stephanie Mills in ALL IN THE FAMILY) as Molly, and Robert Fitch (from LORELEI opposite Carol Channing) as Rooster Hannigan. I would highly recommend buying this CD album if you're feeling in the mood for a good musical. As many productions of ANNIE as I have seen, this is still the best!     