 As clearly illustrated by viewer reviews previous to mine, this is a brilliant example of filmmaking. Not only for the classic theme of courtroom dramas which became an important element in the late 50s followed with WITNESS FOR THE PROSECUTION, ANATOMY OF A MURDER, JUDGMENT AT NUREMBERG and many others, but 12 ANGRY MEN clearly dramatizes the elements present behind closed jury room doors. Picture a scenario: 12 people, complete strangers to each other, different ages, different backgrounds, different values, different personalities, and different occupations are all sitting together in a cramp room seriously lacking of air conditioning on a rainy afternoon. 11 jurors with the exception of Henry Fonda vote guilty immediately. Therein lies the tale. This is more than film entertainment. It serves as a life's lesson to be learned. Henry Fonda's Juror #8 serves as a charactization of a person who sees different sides to every question, and believes in proper and sheer analysis of the facts before a death sentence of the accused felon is to be determined. His motive is not merely to change their votes, but to get each of them to rethink their hasty convictions. Along the way, each character is slowly but surely beginning to see more in common with themselves with Fonda than meets the eye. His main opposition consists of Robert Webber as a smug advertising man who thinks of people in terms of percentages, Jack Warden a marmalade salesman who is more concerned about ballgame tickets, Ed Begley as a bitter garage owner who has little or no respect for his fellow man, E.G. Marshall as a stockbroker who is very quick to support the defendant's guilt, yet is unwilling to admit his own conscious guilt in such matters. Finally Lee J. Cobb stars as a gruff, bitter Messenger Service Exchange merchant who is simply determined to have the defendant committed. There have been many dramatizations and repeat viewers following, but this adaptation remains the very best of all of them - more importantly it should (in my opinion) serve as a model for other films to follow, and a moral to analyze the facts before you know the truth, and never set passions before principles. Excellent direction by Sidney Lumet and Boris Kaufman's photography is top notch! A DEFINITE MUST SEE! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!     