 To some this was an inferior sequel to the original MAGNIFICENT SEVEN, but it is actually a splendid follow-up with a sensational cast, thus making the characters more believable, and in a way, giving them more of a personality. The noted "seven" are as follows, and as stated from the advertising compaign from the original theatrical trailer, "They Are Not Aiming to Please!". George Kennedy replaces Yul Brynner as Chris Adams, making him a more pleasant character who is one to assist his comrades in need. One would almost expect a hard-headed character in the Lone Ranger tradition who is merely out for a bounty. Monte Markham is Keno, Chris' main partner of the piece and fleeing from the Law had it not been more Chris' help. James Whitmore is Levi Morgan, the knife-wielding family man. Bernie Casey is Cassie, dynamite expert and one unable to make decent profits through it. Joe Don Baker is Slater, almost literally refrained to the use of one arm and a Colt 45 weapon his trademark. Scott Thomas is P.J., rope and rifle his weapons of choice. Reni Santoni is Max, the young Mexican who heists[some] of Frank Silvera's dollars to help Chris in the manner. Enter Michael Ansara as Colonel Diego. A truly sensational actor who made a niche for himself portraying Indians or evil mercenaries. Thus he makes Colonel Diego a nasty character who takes great enjoyment out of watching his slaves suffer torture. Whether it's being whipped until they beg to die, stuck with their heads in the sand while horses trample over them, or leaving them out to dry in the sunlight, he is thoroughly relishing it. He is the leader of the band of marauders, and all throughout makes the character intimidating, and at the same time, believable in the sense that he plays him with such conviction. Film works more of an individual piece than a sequel is what makes it so unique and different. Thus the characters develop more of a trust and friendship, and they provide an excellent team when having a showdown with the villains of the piece. Elmer Bernstein's music score is excellent, and makes the action throughout even more exciting, and Paul Wendkos' direction is top notch. Great performances from all supporting characters as the cast is great. I hope it's not long before the DVD is released as this has been out of print, and hard to obtain a copy of through video stores. If you're a Western fan, this is for you!     