 It must have been years ago since I saw these movies in the theaters. I don't remember any details, being I was 5 in 1981, 8 in 1984, and 13 in 1989, but I remember vividly what an exhiliariting experience it was. What is so great about the INDIANA JONES series, and RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK in particular (since it was the best of the three), is that it was such an affectionate tribute to the SATURDAY MATINEE SERIALS of the 1950's. In all three films we have Harrison Ford perfect as Indiana Jones, a tough, unpredictable action hero who hates Nazis (even more than that - snakes!), loves beautiful women, never loses his hat, and with every trap he gets into, gets in and out without a scratch (almost)! That is a classic example of what an action hero must be! Steven Spielberg and George Lucas are complete genuises to present to us this entertainment. Like I said, RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK is the best. Yes we all know the story. Adventurer Indiana Jones and heroine Marion Ravenwood are after the lost Ark of the Covenant, which is believed to possess supernatural powers, and they must get it before the Nazi Army does. There's poisonous snakes, airplane fights, truck chases, and fist punches galore - in short, excitement, entertainment, romance, and edge-of-your-sear suspense all in one package - INGENIUS! I am somewhat tolerant about INDIANA JONES AND THE TEMPLE OF DOOM. I liked Kate Capshaw as the spoiled brat, ever-screaming heroine, and Ke Huy Quan as the Asian sidekick, but who I thought was excellent was Amrish Puri as Mola Ram, the High Priest of the Thuggee Cult. He was perfect in the role. He was commanding, menacing, and scary. It's almost as if he was mistaken for playing a monster in a Universal Horror Film of the 1930's or 1940's. I don't know any of his other screen credits, but as inferior as TEMPLE OF DOOM may be, I say two thumbs up for actor Amrish Puri, he was great! One more thing, watch out for the fire pit and the tunnel full of bugs - and the sacred Sankara Stones! TEMPLE OF DOOM has its' ups and downs, but I very much liked that it was a darker, more complex chapter in the series. I mean, come on, George and Steven were just having fun - please, let's forgive them. Finally we have INDIANA JONES AND THE LAST CRUSADE. It was a joy to see Julian Glover (also General Veers in THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK) as the villain. I was not too fond of Alison Doody, but she did give a fine performance as the traitorous, later greedy Elsa Schneider. Sean Connery was great as always, as Indiana Jones, Sr. There's more Nazis, a sewer full of...RATS!, boat chases, a battle on a colossal tank, and finally the quest for the Holy Grail. A satisfactory third film, but not as good as RAIDERS. What more can I say? A great collectible to your Home Video Library - BUY IT NOW!     