 I, like many other people from my generation, have always been a die hard Muppet Show fan. Therefore owning this CD brings back fun old memories from the shows we all grew up watching. I still own two vinyl record albums of songs from The Muppet Show, one contains songs from the season one episodes, another contains songs from the season two episodes. Some of the songs on this CD are taken directly from those albums. It's also wonderful to hear music from THE MUPPET MOVIE, THE GREAT MUPPET CAPER, and THE MUPPETS TAKE MANHATTAN after so long. Has THE RAINBOW CONNECTION ever sounded so beautiful as it has on this album. This CD only falls short a star because the version of "I'm Going To Go Back There Someday" is much better on THE MUPPET MOVIE. The MUPPETS FROM SPACE version is rather dull sounding, and lacks the melodious overtone heard 20 years earlier on THE MUPPET MOVIE. Another real delight to owning this CD is the very first track "The Muppet Show Theme" is the Season One version of the Muppet Show Theme, which now seems to be lost. Recently whenever the shows have been aired out of sequence on Nickelodeon, Odyssey, or TNT, I would always be disappointed that Season One would never be aired with its' original opening. Instead the editors would replace the opening theme of Season One with an opener from one of the Season Two or sometimes even Season Five episodes. I was always so disappointed with that! The reason is probably because most people are only familiar with the opening with the arch lights used from Season Two onwards. The Season One opening is a little cruder, and more introductory and theatrical. However it is awesome to hear after being preserved for so long. I just yearn to see it. If anybody reading my review knows where I can buy or view the shows with the original opening, your help is greatly appreciated. I also hope that within the very near future all 120 episodes of THE MUPPET SHOW would be available on DVD. Here's how they should do it; * There were five seasons. They should be separated from each season. One DVD package having all Season Ones, another DVD package all Season Twos, another DVD package all Season Threes, another DVD package all Season Fours, another DVD package all Season Fives. * Each DVD cassette, should have two discs. There were 24 shows from each season. Therefore 12 on one and 12 on the other. * The shows should be listed IN ORDER from which they aired on the main menu, and accessible at random. * They should be digitally remastered for superior sound and picture quality. They should be virtually uncut and uncensored so it is the complete shows in their entirety, and include audio commentaries by Frank Oz and Brian Henson, and who knows whoever else. * More importantly the Season One shows should be shown with their original opening. Thank you Brian Henson! Please make our dreams come true and let this happen! You will make your Genius Father proud, and fans all over the world proud. That being said, the CD is great so buy it! Thank you. Sincerely yours, Michael J. Chrush, Auburn, WA!     