 With this book, J.K. Rowlings has definitively proved that children's books may be a greater misnomer than we realize.  When this book first came out and everyone started going crazy over Harry Potter, I was a little  skeptical, to say the least.  But when I picked up the book and began  reading, my doubts disappeared.  This and the other two books currently in  this series are a delightful find for anyone who loves children's  literature, fantasy fiction or, indeed, reading itself.   Rowling has  woven a delightful story of the highest caliber, and it is only a greater  credit to her achievements that so many children have discovered the joys  of reading through her work.  Although her writing is refreshing and  simple, easily accessible to readers of any age, the story that she tells  is anything but.  From page one I found myself unable to resist cheering  Harry on as he fought his mean relatives, the bullies at school, and the  evil You-Know-Who.  Harry's character is one which the reader can easily  identify with, and the discovery of his magical talent is just the sort of  rags-to-riches story anyone can relate to.  The book is extremely  well-written, with an unpredictable plot that continually keeps the reader  on their toes.  I read to find out what would happen to Harry and his  friends, but I also read for the sheer enjoyment that Rowlings delivered  with each and every word.  Less cynical than the style of Roald Dahl and  not as heavy-handed as C.S. Lewis, Rowling's writing is not only for  children, but to anyone with imagination and the desire to believe, if only  for a few hours, that we all have magic hidden inside that is only waiting  for a letter from Hogwarts. J.K. Rowling has definitely created a place  for herself in history with this series, if only for the unprecedented  response of public opinion and the distinction of having coined the term  "muggles".  If you have not read this book or you doubt my  opinion along with the other 2000-something here, I urge you to buy one of  the Harry Potter books and decide for yourself.     