 The Last Unicorn is one of most astounding books I have ever read.  Not only because of the story, which is a fairytale in every sense of the word, but also because of Beagle's flawless writing, which weaves a spell of  words and images that I find myself willingly ensnared in every time I open  its pages.  I find myself lingering over each sentence, each word, and I am  astounded by the care with which he tells this tale. Once upon a time,  there was a unicorn.  A beautiful unicorn... who was all alone.  She sets out  on a journey to seek others of her kind and is joined on her travels by a  bumbling magician and an old spinster, neither of who are what they first  appear to be.  Encountering magical monsters, outlaws and suspicious  townspeople, the three travelers find themselves at the gate of a  forbidding castle wherein lives a cruel king and a gentle prince.  It is in  the walls of this castle that the truth lies.  But can they accept what the  truth will bring? Beagle tells an amazing tale, of love and loss, of  heartache and hope.  Each of the characters in his work has such life and  depth, and I see myself in each and every one of them.  From an inept  magician who desperately seeks to be more than what he is to the outlaws  who cry out with loss of that which they have never known, there is so much  life in these few short pages that I find myself reading and rereading each  page, afraid lest I miss something.  When Schmendrick cries, "I'll  make you into a bad poet with dreams!" I want to laugh, but at the  same time I want to cry with pity, with unexplainable sorrow for something  I can't quite understand and am not sure I want to. The Last Unicorn is  about more than just a quest for unicorns.  It is also a story about the  things that we love and what we will do - or not do - for that love.  It is  about what really defines a hero, and what constitutes a happy ending.  But  most of all, it is about magic.  Joy.  Sadness.  Beauty.  It is about all  the things we are and all the things we long to be.  It is a breathtakingly  beautiful story by a wonderful writer, and I recommend it as one of the  best books I have ever read.     