 When I finished Jewels of the Sun, I loved it so much that I could not imagine the possibility of Nora Roberts writing anything that could compete with it. But, as I was happy to discover, I was wrong. The first book of  the trilogy is still my favorite, but Tears of the Moon is a very very  close second, and I am on tenterhooks waiting for the third! Tears of the  Moon is much more of an emotional rollercoaster than the first book of the  trilogy and, although both feature many of the same characters and are set  in the same place, Tears of the Moon tells an very different story. It is a  story about people who have known one another all their lives: Shawn  Gallagher, a hopeless dreamer, romantic and musician extraordinaire, and  Brenna O'Toole, who is entirely practical in every way save an  unexplainable obsession with Shawn. It is a tale of childhood love and  mature passion, filled with ups and downs that will take your breath away  and leave you wanting more. It continued many of the same themes from the  first book, but other aspects were refreshingly new. Brenna and Shawn seem  like complete opposites that would only end up driving one another crazy.  But as the story progressed, Roberts cast her magic and I came to see how  they complemented one another. The rapport between Shawn and Brenna was  colored both by their feelings for one another as well as a long history of  arguments stemming from a sibling-like relationship, and made for a very  amusing and absorbing story. I was very pleased to note that Roberts's  ability to hold me captive from the first page to the very last sentence  has not diminished, and that her quality and style of writing did not waver  as the conclusion approached. In fact, if there is one thing that I liked  better about Tears of the Moon than Jewels of the Sun, it was the very last  page. I can't tell you what it is or I'd ruin it, but all I can say is  *SIGH*. Nora Roberts is a fantastic storyteller who will always have a fan  in me.     