 After hearing and reading many glowing reviews, I was disappointed to find that Dune was not quite what I had expected.  Perhaps my less-than-perfect rating is due to the discrepancy between my expectations and what was  delivered, but I found that Dune lacked a overall cohesiveness that would  have merited it the fifth star.  There were points where the novel seemed  to teeter on the edge of something greater, but the potential was never  fulfilled and the work would quickly steer clear of whatever larger goal it  had glimpsed. The barren landscape which Herbert depicts is very real in  its harsh cruelties, and I doubt that anyone could dispute Herbert's  ability to render an entire world and a related existence with such  precision.  However, I found his characters devoid of that which gave his  landscape such life, almost paling in comparison to the grand events and  environment sweeping around them page after page.  They seemed less human  than pawns of fate, even Paul with all his power; perhaps that is Herbert's  point, but not one I felt it was necessary to sacrifice character quality  to prove.   The greatest flaw of the work was my lack of belief, in both  the characters and events.  I believe the greatest sign of a work to be the  level in which one can relate, or even believe in the reality, the truth  which the author presents.  I felt incredibly distant from the events I  read, unable to suspend my disbelief even momentarily.  I felt that the  story was repetitive, cycling within the same limited confines, and even  the the magnitude of the ending did not seem a release.  Although the end  of the novel is a far cry from what the reader could imagine at the  beginning, the story lacked a quality that made me believe.  I gave it four  stars only because of the quality of the author's writing, and because I  can see the potential effect of such a work for other readers even if I am  unable to experience it myself. Perhaps I should temper my critique with  a confession, however.  When this book was recommended to me, it was  compared to Tolkien's Lord of the Rings trilogy.  I read it in anticipation  of what I had read and so enjoyed in Tolkien's work, only to be  disappointed when I realized that it was nothing similar.  Perhaps had I  read it without any preconceptions, I would be able to appreciate Herbert's  work on its own merits.  Unfortunately, I found myself comparing it to the  fantasy trilogy, resulting in the review you read above.  I am more a  fantasy-fiction lover than one of science fiction, which gives me a  definite bias.  If you like science fiction then by all means, I highly  recommend this book as one of the watersheds of modern science fiction.     