 Neal Stephenson has written an entertaining novel whose thought-provoking ideas are matched only by its eclectic cast of characters.  Focusing on the idea of knowledge and the dissemination of knowledge through computer  technology, the basic premise of Snow Crash is that of the protagonist  (named Hiro Protagonist, no less) and his young partner, Y.T. (Yours Truly,  which she wouldn't bother to tell you unless it was in the form of a  sarcastic remark), thwarting an intended infocalypse with a little help  from the Mafia and some other unusual allies.  Along the way, the reader is  given a good look at a future that may not be so far away: one dominated by  computer technology and paralleled by a virtual reality that might question  exactly what constitutes reality, and private franchises which rule in the  place of governments.   Stephenson has a flair for vivid description of a  world just strange enough to be innovative and intriguing, yet familiar  enough that we can see its basis very firmly rooted in our own.  Despite  the outlandish nature of both Snow Crash's characters and setting, basic  principles are the same: there is the rich and the poor, the powerful and  the weak, those who survive and those who do not; the difference between  the two is that of information. However, despite all these assets, Snow  Crash is little more than light entertainment.  The lofty ideas which  Stephenson explores in his book seem to be beyond his firm comprehension,  and discussions of Babel, Sumerian myth and other archaeological finds are  dry and arcane, detracting from an otherwise vibrant and fast-paced plot.   Almost all relevant information about the technical aspects of Snow Crash  is revealed in the form of cryptic dialogue between Hiro and a  computer-generated librarian, discussions that sound more like encyclopedia  recitations than believable (or understandable) dialogue.  I found myself  glossing over these portions of the book without any real effect on my  understanding of the plot; in the end it still comes out to the same thing:  the bad guys have a dangerous weapon, and the good guys have to stop them.   The details about Sumer and the fall of man are interesting, but not  portrayed in a form that lends itself to any quick grasp of ideas that can  be retained after the book is done.  However, for those willing to take the  time to read and reread a fourth time, Stephenson poses some interesting  ideas to ponder. The characters in Snow Crash never leave the reader a  moment to rest from the excitement they provide.  Outrageous events happen  one after another, and the calm manner in which they face everything from  kidnapping and murder to the possibility of destruction of society and the  world as they know it provides a great deal of amusement and curiosity  about what they might do next.  However, despite a plot that hurtles itself  ever forward and drags the reader along, forced to either keep up or drop  along the way, I found the ending both disappointing and deflating.  Hiro  and Y.T. save the world, of course, but then Hiro just drops out of the  story altogether and Y.T. appears to transform from a rebellious and wild  Kourier into mommy's little girl for little other reason than to provide  some kind of ending.  I would have liked at least for some kind of  epilogue, if not a totally different ending altogether.  In reading the  last few pages, it seemed that Stephenson rushes to tie up all the loose  ends of the story in any way possible - any way possible often equating to  dull, bland, and unsuitable when compared to other parts of the book.   After such a well-written novel containing such interesting characters and  a world whose details must be read to be believed, I was hugely  disappointed by the conclusion to say the least.  However, Stephenson does  tell an interesting tale and has great potential; his best work is yet to  come.     