 This is a great party game for everyone who watches movies... and who doesn't watch movies? It is easy to play -- just pop in the disc (no excess instructions except what the DVD "game host" gives you during play) and best of all, it involves everyone as a participant throughout the game. I've tried lots of party games that seemed like a good idea, but what ends up happening is that only a few people get hooked, and the rest end up going home. This time, though, everyone got really into the game, and we ended up playing for a couple of hours before we called it a night.  Basically, the game is exactly what the title says - they play clips or give you clues to movies, and you have to shout out the answer. You play in two teams, so at least six people makes a fun game - I had up to 8, but you can probably play with a few more and have it be about the same. After each round, you score who got each answer right (10 questions in a round) based on general consensus - so you really have to "shout" the answers to be heard, which makes the game that much more fun. Other than that, you don't have to keep score - the DVD will take care of it for you. There are 8 rounds, all of them different - sometimes they play a clip from a movie, sometimes they put together portions of a scene, other times you have to do more complex stuff like chronologically order things like movie theater innovations (do you honestly know if cup holders or air conditioning came first?). And the answer is more often than not, NOT at all what you'd expect them to be, which makes it that much more challenging and fun. The very last round is a no-holds-barred jeopardy-esque round: you choose to bet 5, 10, 15 or all your points on one question, and then you get the question. The first time me and my friends played it was the highlight of the party - since we both bet all our points and then proceeded to give the wrong answer (each team bets their points and chooses their answer in secret via the remote control, so you have no idea who wins until the host announces it at the end).  Pros: One of the best party games I've ever played, gets everyone involved, good for movie buffs and general fans alike (there are some really old movies and some very new ones, but because the game is all about shouting, you can feel free to shout out the name of a movie even if you've never seen it -- otherwise how the heck would I have guessed "Patton?"), excellent portability (no lugging of 20 lb. board game here).  Cons: Can only be played once. (Due to the nature of the DVD format, each 8-round game - there are 3 on a disc - can't really be played again if even one person in the room has seen it before.) That said, it was a SUPER fun game and if you're looking for a fun party activity, this is definitely it. But at $25 a pop, I would recommend either buying it used or just buying a whole bunch of different discs with your friends and then trading them around.     