 I haven't read that many of Stephanie Laurens's works, but what I have seems to rest more on scripted scenes of passion rather than any complex plot structure.  A Secret Love, however, surpasses her previous novels  about the Cynster clan and the fates each of the Bar Cynster cousins face.   While embellishing on characters found in previous novels, the story has a  greater depth than the usual seduction, and the element of intrigue and  mystery which Laurens injects into the tale gives it more breadth than  seems typical for her earlier works.  Forced by circumstances to retire  from London society and become an avowed spinster, Alanthea Morwellan has  devoted the last eleven years of her life to protecting her family from  financial ruin.  But when a new danger threatens to destroy all she has  sacrificed to save, she turns to the only person who can help them: Gabriel  Cynster.  Notorious rake, the very essence of London's tonnish society,  Alanthea and Gabriel have treated one another as brother and sister since  they were born.  Until a sudden discord almost twenty years ago made them  unable to stand one another's company, that is.  Afraid that their strained  relations might impede his full support, Alanthea seeks his aid as the  mysterious Countess.  Veiled in darkness and wreathed in a sensual  fragrance he cannot forget, she piques his curiosity and something else he  cannot yet name.  Gabriel agrees to help on one condition: that with each  piece of information, he receives a reward... beginning with a kiss.   Unable to refuse, Alanthea finds herself drawn into a dark web of passion  where she risks more than just her family's estate.   I found this a  pleasantly enjoyable read, full of surprises and a dash of adventure, as  well as Laurens's characteristic ability to heat up the pages.  The unique  history shared by Alanthea and Gabriel make for a very interesting and  amusing story that is as much about childhood romance as it is about mature  passions.  Alanthea is a very entertaining figure whose understanding of  Gabriel's character lends itself to a level of storytelling that goes  beyond the typical boy meets girl scenario.  I especially liked the large  involvement of other characters I had previously met in Laurens's other  novels: Amelia and Amanda, Gerrard Debbington, the other Cynster cousins  (Devil and Vane), and Chillingworth especially, who adds an interesting  twist to Gabriel's carefully-laid plans.  The danger posed by Crowley  appears very real, much moreso than others Laurens has written, such as the  mysterious thief in A Rake's Vow.  It contributed to a nicely climactic  ending with a good dose of 'happily ever after.'  Laurens blends passion  and fairytale romance into a classic Cinderella story that any reader can  appreciate.     