 Nora Roberts has written more than the typical romance novel; she has woven a love story that reminds you of all the sweetness of falling in love. An astonishing storyteller, Roberts is equally capable of rendering a  captivating plot as she is of painting a village so peaceful and charming  it makes you want to sell your house and move to Ireland.  Having spent  time living in Ireland, I have to say that Roberts's depiction of the  people and the place are nothing short of amazing. The way that she  recreates the feeling of the land, of the people that inhabit it, made me  love the story for its ability to take me back there as much as for the  story itself. One might scoff at her liberal use of spirits and fairies,  but if you have ever been to Ireland, you know that the place radiates a  feeling that makes anything seem possible. There is a quality unique to the  lush green landscape that makes believing much more logical and natural  than disbelieving, and Roberts has captured that perfectly. Likewise, the  Irish are very much as she describes in her book: kind to strangers,  amiable and full of laughter, witty and clever to distraction. The dialogue  in the book just rolls off the pages with an Irish lilt, and to read her  characters's words was like finding myself back on the jeweled isle once  more. Although you may not find an Aidan or have a wild love affair if you  should go visit Ireland, rest assured that the people and the place are  exactly as Roberts tells it.  Nora Roberts is a wonderful storyteller and  I loved the story as much as I loved her choice of settings. Jude is a very  real character with so many doubts and hesitations that are in each of us,  and I was startled more than once by Roberts's ability to hit it right on  the nail. Jude's character develops very nicely and believably, and I was  pleased that love is not used as a convenient device to solve all problems.  Jude and Aidan come together (of course), but not without Jude first coming  to the truth of who she is as an individual. Aidan is a wonderful  character, and his words made me laugh as often as they made my heart melt  away. The other characters in the book are equally intriguing and  interesting in their own right, and I loved how Roberts incorporated the  Irish folktales into the story. This is a blissfully sweet love story, a  fairytale to read and treasure.     