 If you're buying this product and operate on a Mac platform, ditch the CD and go directly to live assistance on the Linksys website.  I recently bought the Linksys WRT54G router and have been very happy with the router itself. I run on Mac OSX, and though I considered getting the whole Apple airport setup, the cost difference between the Airport and the latest model Linksys pretty much left no comparison. (The Airport was more than twice the Linksys router.)  HOWEVER, configuration of my system and actual setup of the router for wireless use took me more than 3 hours, and briefly made me reconsider my choice to forego the airport and its notoriously easy setup. I am a generally computer-savvy person; not an IT expert by any means (which is what router configuration sometimes seems to require), but I can install and manage most computer stuff without too much support. But when I opened the box I found little more than a few advertisement flyers and instructions to run the enclosed CD before plugging in the router.  Too bad they don't mention anything about how the CD can't be used with a Mac. (Didn't find that out until I talked to someone in technical support an hour later.) After messing about a bit with the CD, I went online to the Linksys site to look for support tips. I even downloaded the product's user manual - useless. The Linksys technical support site has nothing about configuring the router for use with a Mac. It's like they want to pretend that Apple doesn't exist or something. But eventually I found my way to live assistance through their site (thank GOODNESS), where someone was able to give me adequate instructions to configure the router so that I could at least use it. I say adequate because it was enough to get wireless working, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that I could have done if someone would just give me some instructions in plain English.  The router comes with a TON of options for setup, but sadly enough, I had no idea what most of it meant. What this product really needs is better documentation for how to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!! and step by step explanations for all the different setup options and their relevance. I don't mind if the instructions are online instead of in the box, but please have some instructions *somewhere.* I'm giving it 4 stars because the setup process was so miserable. But the product iself is great.  If you have a Mac, I don't think you should totally discount this product. Once you set it up, it's great. And it is EXTREMELY well-priced for what you're getting. Just make sure to budget a couple of hours for setup, and invite some computer-savvy friends over first if you're prone to high blood pressure.      