 Judith McNaught is a talented storyteller, there's no denying that. Perhaps that is the reason that I was so disappointed by this book, for which I had such high hopes. There were many aspects of the book that I  liked very much, but there were others that left me feeling very disturbed  and unsatisfied. The unusual breadth and depth of this book surprised me.  The characters are very amiable, and I was gratified by the unique  rendering of Whitney's character. Like many other heroines of romance  novels, she is strong-willed and a little bit of an outcast. But she is not  perfect in every way (at least not in the beginning) and those who she sets  her heart upon do not always requite her emotions. The story-line was full  of suspense, and I kept wondering how Whitney could possibly end up with  Clayton, even though the synopsis makes the outcome very obvious. I admired  the twisting plot McNaught used to deal with Whitney's conflicting feelings  over her childhood crush on Paul versus her betrothal to Clayton, a  situation that I found most unusual.  Although I found most of the story  to be a refreshing change in a genre often typified by predictability, I  had some rather significant qualms about the development (or lack thereof)  of certain characters. One  Example is Whitney's father: a central  character both to the story and to Whitney's character, he virtually  disappears after his purpose as a plot device to bring Clayton and Whitney  together is served. He appears when it is convenient, but Whitney never  really seems to dwell on him in her thoughts, even though many of her  earlier actions in the book were highly influenced by her relationship with  him. Likewise, the character of Nicki appears and then disappears with  equal rapidity, an injustice to such well-drawn figure. These instances,  however, are not nearly so grave as the flawed character of Clayton.   McNaught did a fabulous job of making the reader dislike Clayton.  Unfortunately, her failure to win the reader over to his side in the latter  part of the book is a major obstacle to the story's success. My bias most  certainly comes from my views of his abuse of Whitney - not once in the  book did he ever really confront what he had done. I realize the historical  context in which the story is placed has some influence, but at the same  time I couldn't help but doubt Whitney's character after the way she  responded - she was far too easily won by his physical overtures, without  promise of real reform.  However, putting aside that rather distasteful  incident, my real problem lies in the development of his character  thereafter. Assuming that everyone makes mistakes and he was truly sorry,  perhaps one could believe in Whitney's love for him to the extent that the  reader could forgive him as she did.  But Clayton never really undergoes  any real penance for his crime, or any true reform in the end - rather, I  was astonished to find that he was often depicted as the victim when the  only real victim was Whitney, time after time. There lacks a balance of  power between the two characters which would proclaim the partnership which  Whitney declared early on would be the only kind of marriage in which she  would participate, leaving only a relationship in which the male dominates  the female.  A far superior example of the convincing repentance of a man  for a similar crime based upon lack of faith is depicted in Teresa  Medeiros's Fairest of Them All.  I was hugely disappointed at the end to  see no real change in Clayton's conduct after his second incident of  mistreating Whitney without evidence or explanation.  How can a romance be  all that good if I don't think Whitney should have ended up with Clayton?   There are a few instances of Clayton's love for Whitney, but they seemed  very few and far between.  There was far too much violence displayed, and  his tenderness always seemed to be calculated and manipulative.  He treated  her like a child, and I don't believe the he ever really stopped thinking  of her as a possession to be flaunted rather than a person to  respect. Nicki was a very touching, lovable character.  Even if the  story-line between Whitney and Clayton proved to be far more interesting  and tumultuous, I never stopped hoping for Nicki to be the victorious  suitor.  I commend McNaught on her ability to draw such emotional support  for a minor character, and perhaps even on her wisdom for creating a  character so likeable as to create a rival for Clayton in the reader's  mind.  But by the end, the reader should want Whitney to be with Clayton at  least as much, if not more, than with Nicki - which was not the case.   Whitney was a gem of a character and I never really felt that Clayton  understood her worth or appreciated her as a person, which the only way  that he could really love her. There are extremes of conflicting opinions  over this book.  Overall, it is very well-written but is not something that  I would probably read again.  Its appeal is more for those with a  traditional view of romance, which is often associated with violence.  As a  reader with more modern sensibilities, I believe that McNaught's greatest  mistake was in placing an incident of rape in the story-line as if it were  a crime of passion and excusable in the name of love.  I found it  horrifying and demeaning, and I believe that Whitney should never have  forgiven him, no matter how much she loved him - especially if she loved  him, in fact.  If you have a similar opinion, then I would definitely  recommend skipping this book.     