 Andy Williams was the first vocalist of his generation to embrace the pop music revolution of the '60s, covering material by the Beatles, Burt Bacharach, Stevie Wonder, and Jimmy Webb.  His 1973 album SOLITAIRE was a creative collaboration with producer Richard Perry and his handpicked sidemen -- including Klaus Voorman, Nicky Hopkins, Lincoln Mayorga, and Jim Keltner -- who had played on Perry's blockbuster albums for such superstars of the era as Carly Simon ("No Secrets"), Ringo Starr ("Ringo"), and Barbra Streisand ("Stoney End").  Perry infused SOLITAIRE with his trademark powerhouse, rock-oriented style on ten mostly original, contemporary ballads, with only minor conservative adjustments for Williams.  Combined with Andy's expansive vocal range, pop sensibility, and openness to contemporary material, the result was a remarkable soft rock achievement. The sweeping SOLITAIRE title track by Neil Sedaka and Phil Cody featured guitar-driven rhythms on par with Carly Simon's "You're So Vain" and Nilsson's "Without You."  Williams pulls off soulful readings of George Harrison's "That Is All" (which Harrison permitted him to record before Harrison's own version was released on his "Living in the Material World" album) and Paul McCartney's "My Love."  Composer Dory Previn praised Williams for his adroit handling of her vocally demanding composition, "Last Tango in Paris."  Although not a commercial hit in the U.S., both the SOLITAIRE album and single became huge Top Ten hits in England, and the Carpenters' cover of the Williams single became a U.S. hit in 1975.   ALONE AGAIN (NATURALLY), recorded a year before SOLITAIRE, was more typical of Williams' pop cover albums of the early '70s, with arrangements by Al Capps and Artie Butler of such Top 40 tunes as "Song Sung Blue," "Where Is the Love," and "The Long and Winding Road."  There is a dramatic reading of an obscure Burt Bacharach-Hal David gem, "If I Could Go Back."  The album also features two outstanding examples of Andy's seldom recognized ability to record his own vocal harmonies (often in two and three parts), a talent he honed in his younger days singing with his three brothers.  It is hard to fathom that the same guy who is best known for traditional pop standards like "Moon River" could transform Three Dog Night's "Pieces of April" and America's "I Need You" into powerful, richly harmonized covers, arguably surpassing the originals.     