 I have used this book for research purposes, and from what I've read so far, I find this to be an overall excellent resource. However, just today I saw that it has at least two fundamental flaws: Beckwith is not 100% pro-Life.  On page 115, for instance, he writes: "...there could be times at which abortion is justified." An example case he mentions is where a woman's pregnancy will probably result in her death due to, say, a tubal pregnancy. Says Beckwith: "Because it is a greater good that one human should live rather than two die, the pro-lifer believes that in this case abortion is justified."  This is preposterous. First, *he* believes this, but certainly not all pro-lifers! Secondly, in the case he mentions, abortion would NOT be justified still as one would be engaging in an instrinsically immoral act in order to bring about a good. In other words, he is implicitly saying that the end justifies the means--but this is consequentialism. It is always wrong to kill an innocent human being deliberately, and therefore we could NOT kill the baby in the fallopian tube even if the result will be that both mother and baby die. The only possibility to save the life of the mother would be if the circumstances would allow us to make use of the Principle of Double-Effect -- that is, if saving the mother's life would only *unintentionally* and *indirectly* entail the death of the baby, such as when a cancerous uterus has to be removed and the woman happens to be pregnant. But direct killing of a human fetus is never permissible, no matter what "good" might come out of it.  Think about it. Beckwith's position here entails that if we can prevent 100,000 people from dying of, say, cancer by killing one innocent person, then that's a good thing to do. But this is morally reprehensible. Another unacceptable thing Beckwith says on page 114: "Biological human life without the natural inherent capacity to function as a person (that is, the metaphysical grounding of human personhood that makes human function possible) is probably not fully human." This is a preposterous assertion. To say that there can be human life that's not fully human is first of all a logical contradiction. Secondly, his statement implies that someone who does not fulfill whatever criteria of "personhood" he may consider necessary, then he is "sub-human" or something. I am puzzled that Beckwith would make such an argument, because it contradicts his otherwise keen intellect and good argumentation. Unfortunately, I can only endorse this book with strong reservations now. Most of the other things I have read were very good. I want to make this point clear. It is definitely a terrific book to have, but, alas, not uncompromisingly pro-Life. I also wish to caution about the author's theology, as he is a Protestant.     