 In what turned out to be a colossal tease, Laurence Gardner, in his second major work, Genesis of the Grail Kings, gave us a brief description of a curious white powder produced in ancient Egypt that had phenomenal gravitational, transformational and inspirational powers.  The substance was the result of a secret process whereby gold and platinum group metals were transformed into a white powder which the Egyptians called MFKZT (pronounced muf-kutz).  The powder, though derived from heavy metals, had a negative weight (less than zero), and transmitted the same weightlessness to its container.  When ingested, the powder brought heightened spiritual awareness to its user, and it supposedly could transport itself or its user into a different time/space dimension, called the Field of MFKZT, or the Plane of Shar-on. The inference was made that MFKZT provided the technical ability to lift all of the millions of multi-ton blocks into place in the Giza Pyramids, and that the Field of MFKZT was the final destination of the Pharaohs after their earthly existence.  Partly due to the reaction by his reading public, Gardner promised a whole book on the subject, but, in the meantime, came out with another book (Realm of the Ring Lords), which, while very interesting, didn't add to the information about MFKZT he had given us in his previous book. At long last, Gardner has kept his word, and has published Lost Secrets of the Sacred Ark.  Lost Secrets of the Sacred Ark is Gardner's account of the famous Ark of the Covenant. In relating the fascinating information about the Ark, Gardner gives us a comprehensive explanation of the whole concept of MFKZT, its role in the powers of the Ark, and its history through the ages, including up to the present day. Gardner's theory is that MFKZT is actually the mysterious and elusive Philosophers' Stone.  We have heard so much about alchemists throughout history attempting to turn lead into gold, when all the while the real transformational process so closely guarded over the past five millennia has been that of turning gold into this astonishing substance.  If you only read one of Gardner's four major works, I suggest that it be this one. However, you should do yourself the favor of reading all four (the others being Bloodline of the Holy Grail, Realm of the Ring Lords, and Genesis of the Grail Kings), as they separately and collectively have brought us compelling, important, and groundbreaking insights to the understanding of our ancient history and our religious belief systems and institutions.     