 People, don't fall for this flawed product. I have the ipod shuffle, nano, and the 30gb ipod photo. The only reason I have three different Apple mp3 players were that they were given as gifts. I hate the nano the most of all of them. This thing will scratch no matter how carefully you look after it. Leave it in your pocket and after a week of regular use, the display will NOT BE READABLE. I learned this the hard way.   Already knowing how easy it is to scratch the Nano, I was conscious of making sure that I didn't keep it in a pocked that had my keys or my loose change. This in itself is a major hassel, since I was always rearranging the contents of my pocket so I would have an empty pocket just to store the Nano. Nevertheless it has scratched and the plastic gets so warped that it becomes difficult to read the screen.    Additionally the Nano cannot be recharged on the road unless you have a laptop with a USB port. Or you can buy the adaptor for a wall outlet that costs way more than it should. And you will find the need to recharge the Nano quiet often because in the real world where you like to skip songs or change the volume, it will not last 14 hours that apple is claiming. I get maybe 6-8 hours.  The biggest disadvantage to any of the Apple mp3 players is that it locks you in to buying songs via iTunes. I would much rather participate in a subscription service that gives me access to millions of songs such as those offered by Napster or Yahoo, but Apple has made their players compatible only with iTunes.  And since most of my mp3s which I encoded from my cds are at a bitrate of 256mbps I am able to fill it up with only about 550 songs. About half that of what Apple claims. Sure you can get 1000 songs, as long as you are willing to sacrifice sound quality.  There are a lot of diehard Apple fans going out to their way to defend this product. It's up to you to decide if they have your best interests in mind or are blinded by their loyalty to a brand name and by its "coolness" factor.   So in conclusion, my humble opinion is that the hype around this product is solely based on it's smallness and chic factor. However in the practical world, this product will end up being more of a nuisance because of how much you have to baby it in order to keep it functioning.      