 I used this book while hiking for a week in Banff and Yoho National Parks in 2003. This book makes finding the trailheads and following the trails incredibly easy. It made my experience in 2003 so hasselfree I went back in 2004 to do some more trails. Now it is 2005 and I am thinking about flying back out there for a third time to do some more hikes. I wouldn't have any inclination to go back, except for the clear and straightforward manner this books shows all the opportunities that await me in the Rockies.    I praise this book so highly because of the frustrations I have faced while trying to find trail guides for other national parks that are as clear and concise. It thoroughly covers trails in Banff, Jasper, Yoho, Koontenay, Waterton Lakes, Mount Robson and several other areas with accurate descriptions so one knows when to take the fork in the trail and when to stay straight.   It starts with a basic introduction on things you need to be aware of when hiking in the Rockies such as bears and weather. Then comes the listing of trails for each park. How it works is that they divide each park into smaller sections, and each section is preceded by a map showing all the trails in that area. Next to each trail is a trail number. So you look at the map and see a trail you are interested in, flip a few pages to the page titled with that trail number and you get all the details you need. Or vice-versa...Read the different trail descriptions until one captures your interest and then flip over to the map and look for the trail with that trail number to get an idea of the layout of your hike.  The trail descriptions also show elevation gain and loss, maximum elevation, distance, and approximate time it will take to complete the hike. It also details on how to reach the trail-head by car and good times of the year to do certain trails. Many trail descriptions are accompanied by photos taken on that trail so get an idea of what you will see.  The other book I got was Don't Waste Your Time in The Canadian Rockies. It is less useful. That book has no trail maps and is not as thorough as the Trail Guide. It might be a good companion book since the authors of that book tells you which hikes are the most scenic, but I wouldn't use it as a primary trail guide.   I also recommend that once you are there that you drop by the local book stores in Banff or Jasper to see if you can pick up a book called "The Grand Canadian Rockies" by George Brybycin. It's a large hardcover book filled with glossy highquality photographs of the Canadian Rockies. What you will feel in person when you see those mountains, this book manages to convey in photographs. It was only $30 Canadian, but I would have happily paid double that.        