 It's taken me a while to really sort out what I'd like to say about this book. I read it years ago on a friend's recommendation and it's really the kind of novel(series) that changes your perspective about the genre. I used to hate incredibly long sci-fi books that required you to remember names and politics,and god-forbid it branched out further than a 3 book volume. I never even intended to actually read the book, just say I enjoyed it and give it back. Then I picked it up and.....fell in love.....  If you do not like to be completely sucked into another world and its characters, experience all the characters from an equal perspective, and possibly lose your mind waiting for the next sequal to come out, then do not read this book. Otherwise I don't have a single bad criticism for this book or series. I can't nitpick the writing, the plot, or even the logic applied to the characters. Everything is beautifully written. Martin also has that unique talent of making you go, "I hate that character he's evil....." then by the next book you're saying, "Wow, I can understand where he's coming from." People criticize this technique, but it's more true to real humanity than other any book I've ever read. Everyone has their own motives and while on first appearece judgements are made, you may later realize someone was merely misunderstood. If I could I would rate this book higher than 5 stars, it's not merely well written an a darn good time, it's a total experience.  There are a number of people complaining about the dark nature of this novel, the sickening reality, the gratuitous sex, and the utter length of this novel. I have few things to say. If your basis on what makes a good novel is whether or not the author sugarcoats the true realities of life then please go read Young Adult fantasy, this book is not for you. Yes, the book is long and as such filled with lots of word type things(smacks head in disbelief).....again, go read a YA fantasy novel. And as for gratuitious sex? I can remember maybe a few sexual encounters in the book and none of them more graphic than others I've read in similar books. Martin doesn't pull any punches and if the fact that a stressful experience involoving a child bride, which is true to the genre and "period" of the book disturbs you, flip past and get over it. That one instance is actually uplifted by the fact that girl experiences a kind of love with her new husband. Get over it or once again! Go read YA sci-fi fantasy.   Like I said before, if you want to feel like you're actually immersed in a story and history, then you won't be dissapointed. =)       