 This is one of those books where I kept going okay, take away a star, now add a star, take away a star.......etc. If you know Tepper then you know when you read her books you need to prepare yourself for a little feminism mixed in with your Sci-fi/fantasy. This books is one of her biggest for making point blank judgements on world culture and politics, most likely because this one takes place in a realistic setting. It will rub many people the wrong way; but I have a feeling that's what she was going for.   I'll just cut this review up into things I enjoyed and those I didnt like. Tepper takes an old theme and adds some fun twists to it. She makes a lot of big statements in this book on her views of world politics, violence, men/women, education, etc. And even though the book screams feminism and liberlism, it still made me want to read more. Tepper coordinates exactly what she believes needs to be changed in our society, and how, through the introduction of an alien race. There are some funny moments and much of the story is well thought out with rich description.   On the down side the only likeable characters are women. Tepper has always had a problem creating relateable male characters. Even the ones who aren't wife-beaters or political scum come across as dry and unimportant. This does also cross to other areas as well. Situations and explanations are laid out unbelievably. The American people take the arrival of an alien race with about as much interest as experiencing a mild earthquake. A lot of the constant,blatant feminism can leave a bad taste in your mouth, even (or especially) if you're a woman, and sometimes you just want to go, "alright,I get it, enough already."      Also, Tepper makes all these statments about our own lifestyles and how the alien race needs to come in and fix everything in order to make us neighborly for the universe. However, the climatic moment when Benita returns the favor and helps out the aliens is kind of weak, unprofound, and a slightly murky point at best. It felt like more attention would have been better paid to some other point of interest with more of the life lesson she was going for.  It was almost like she knew she knew she had half a point otherwise without it, but settled for 3/4 to make due.   Apart from all that it also read like she had ripped off Octavia Butler's book Lilith's Brood. She's another feminist author who writes SF so I wouldn't be surprised if Tepper had read her work. There were just too many similiarities between the pistach people of Octavia Butler (especially in description) and the alien races used that smacked of Butler's ideas. If you were looking for something similar to The Fresco that is far more satisfying and intelligent of a read, I would actually suggest Butler instead, since its very similar but better writing, philosphy, and science fiction.      