 I'll start from the beginning of the book, since the problems begin here. Characters are just thrown at you and it probably would have benefited from a little more development early on. From page one this story feels like a romance novel. I like romance novels, and I love my fantasy mixed with romance, but I think theres a fine line between the former and a well developed romance in a fantasy setting. I can't even put my finger on it, just the way it was written and the way the characters interact. Saying that, and to touch on the romantic aspect and how character development is very sparse-the two main characters see a vision of eachother in the fire and know they're fated to be together. They meet, and spend 3 very unpassionate, let alone warm, paragraphs together, and the next page the characters are shooting off to others how no one else in the world matters....o-kay.  So getting past that, the story is somewhat interesting; some original ideas, there's magic, and of course dragons. Most of the people and places sound like rehashed names of other fantasy novels. It's all VERY slow moving until almost 200 pages in the book, when the plot moves to the Rialla, a kind of fair that gets to together for highborn families and for politics. This was quite interesting and actually gets fun to read and I thought, oh just a slow start.       However, another 200 pages later and the novel almost seems to have come to finish. It actually progressed as though the first installment of the book had crested and finished and probably would have been a great place to stop and induce me to buy the sequal. Except that there's still another 250 pages left and the next chapter shoots to a description of what's come to pass in years time. The pace and style just shifted immediately.      So the book just felt terribly disorganized to me and I couldnt go on. It was too slow and poorly planned in the beginning, finds solid ground in the middle, then warps way to far ahead towards the end of the novel. I even actually picked out quite a few critical typos. Understandable that this is a beginning effort but more attention could have been paid to vitals. I didnt' enjoy the disorganized feel but the story and plot do have merit.      