 I will preface this by saying that I have read and thoroughly enjoyed Carey's Kushiel trilogy. It was an excellent series and I have devoured it over and over again. If you're a fan of her previous work though, you may or may not enjoy this novel.   In Banewreaker Carey examines the "what ifs" of the classic fantasy battle between good and evil. It is an obvious Tolkein parrallel, for anyone even presuming to imply that she is ripping him off. She explores a world where Satoris (Sauron) is a god termed evil for trying to protect his people and ensuring their legacy. Fjel-trolls are good natured, albeit slow, and elves, humans, and the classic "good" characters are hell bent on acheiving a prophecy for a misguided and absent deity. In this world love between humans and elves produces deformed offspring and the lines between right and wrong are definately blurred. Loyalties change often and characters on both sides find what they knew as just and right may be the furthest from the truth, bringing to mind constantly-which side is right if both have good intentions?   This book was like a breath of fresh air and I have to admire Carey. The Kushiels Dart series was great fantasy, and so is this, but in a completely different way. I dislike reading numerous works form the same author and getting bored because it all sounds the same; characters and plots are more than obviously familiar. In Banewreaker the writing is more bleak, masculine and meaty, whereas in Kushiel, the writing often waxed poetic. Just like before though, Carey provides a solid stage for the characters and a background of history to anchor everything down.   My few criticisms are that the book gets redundant, although it was probably the only way I was able to remember names and places by the end of the book. The same legends are retold and the same painful memories repeated again and again past the sake of informational value. Although, without it I think I might have been lost. Also, on the same token, the background and history was not as rich as I knew Carey carable of, and it felt like the book could have been more interesting if provided with a little more of the storytelling that I remember from Kushiel.   Overall though, this is an interesting read. If nothing else, one can read this and appreciate the possibilities Carey explores and the characters she creates. While fantasy authors have been ripping Tolkeins ideas from him for their books to the point of agony, Carey only examines his novels and tells everyone: "You don't know the whole story, try reading this."      