 This should really be 2.5 stars, but not given the option I had to settle.   I have some good things I can say about this book. Unfortunately, much of it is overshadowed by a lot of big writing pitfalls.   In this story a young girl is forced to flee the kingdom she is destined to rule after her father's death. Instead, her illegitimate half brother conquers the throne and kingdom. Anghara spends her youth in hiding, developing the power of Sight she inherited from her mother and fleeing her brother Sif.   To begin with, this book could have used a great deal of editorial help. The writing is just one constant stream of thought, without the help of transitional paragraphs or even asterik page breaks. So at the top of the paragraph you'll be inside one person's head and then jump to someone else miles away or even within a period of time. It's very distracting.   If this were the only problem I could manage giving the book a higher rating for potential as a first book. However the characters are poorly developed and one dimensional. Halfway through the book I realized there was almost no physical description of any of the characters, let alone emotional description for thoughts, feelings, or motives. Anghara is simply a perfect being, without fears or dreams. And of course, she has ultimate power and is almost god-like in her ability to manuever Sight; certainly more powerful than anyone who's ever come along in history.   Which brings to point, what kind of conflict is there if she's this all-important, perfect specimen. Sif, who did indeed sweep in and take the throne, was not doing a poor job of ruling until Anghara was much older; until her evasion of his searches sets him off to eradicate Sight from the land. It made me wonder what all the early fuss was about. Anghara was too young to rule....Sif wasn't ruining the kingdom: what was the big deal?   Finally, characters are just kind of used at will. The introduction starts off with one of the commanders in Red Dynan's(Anghara's father) armies. We think he's going to be an integral player; he's not. She kills off people who would have been good for plot interest and throws away ones who she sets up to be important. Overall it just felt like it needed to be outlined and more carefully planned from stage 1.   It was a great idea, but having a great idea doesn't make a great fantasy notel. 2.5 stars for a good premise.       