 The Charnel Prince picks up right where the last book left off, exploring the dilmna of a kingdom from the perspectives of a few different characters. I read the first book and enjoyed it thoroughly, although I could understand where some readers' criticisms had value. This book was still very well done, just that many of the problems are much more blaringly obvious than in the first novel. I really had a hard time caring for these characters like I did in the first installment. Instead they came across as the stereotypical, overused characters that occur in most fantasy novels. While Keyes takes one from Martin by flipping the storyline back and forth between characters, it was done in a really annoying way. Each chapter ends with a silly cliffhanger that tries to make you think someone is in danger or a turncoat, etc., then announces later on "ha ha, just kidding." Similarly, Keyes has killed off some prominent characters early on. The only thing though, is that there's no attachment to them. I couldn't have cared less if any of the main characters dropped dead because whatever was there in the first book that hooked me and attracted me wasn't present in the second. Finally, all the character are inherantly good/evil and do good deeds just for the sake of being a good person. (gag)So youve got a book full of morally upstanding people willing to risk their life for the sake of country and crown, and those bent on destroying it.   There are some very good points to this book, don't get me wrong. It was well written and Keyes made a real effort to make the world complex. Sometimes his attempt to create language or lore is a little too blunt for my tastes (usually comes across as "Hey! I know its not necessary to put this sentence of foreign language I just created in, but I want you to see I can do it anyways.")Keyes does also give you a little bit of everything, so if you're partial to female characters or male characters, or a little bit of romance, some fighting, then it's all here. I do reccomend this book, especially to people just getting into fantasy or those wanting fantasy that isn't too involved. I'm just a little too jaded from years of reading similar things. I can however, recognize decent writing when I see it.      