 While I understand many's concerns as to the stagnant nature of Martin's half complete Feast of Crows, I feel that it is still a worthwhile read and an excellent piece of storytelling. Martin has given us the complete story of half the characters instead of half the story of all the characters, and rightly so it leaves a hole and a yearning for more!, especially after we waited so long in the first place.   However, I still love his writing. I still think he makes writing seem effortless and the intricacies of his plots amaze me. This is indeed a transition piece where some loose ends are tied off, characters are still growing as people, and not much happens but a lot of traveling. More so in this book though, I loved reading each segement equally, as he seemed to even out what happened in each section, so that I wasn't holding myself back from skimming ahead to a character I would rather read.   My main qualm is that it still seems like there was content edited out even though the book was split. Often times something would be announced after the fact, and I would flip back in the book to see where it happened. It hadn't been mentioned, but later in the book a character would mention it to another, and I would find that there had been no description of this event, almost as though the chapter had been cut short and a hasty sidenote had been made at a later date. It just seemed unlike Martin's usual style.   I do love the fact that Martin is developing the characters and using this as a transition piece. My favorite aspect of the Fire and Ice series is that I am actually in such a complex world of characters. Most authors would shy away from adding so many levels to their novels, it just gets too hard to juggle. But what makes it so entertaining for me is the grand scheme of it all. I know that when the series is finished I'm going to look back and go what a wild ride, and I felt like I was growing with each and every character.   My other little peeve is how graphic the novel is- I've heard other's complain but it never really phased me. In this novel, it seemed that the sex and gore seemed to make up for the fact that other parts of the novel were a little bit slower, almost as though he was trying to spice it up a bit. Gore and sex as they are don't bother me and it never had in his past books. In this one however, it appeared almost like fan service. I could be wrong, maybe not. I took away a star more for the holes I had mentioned earlier.   Overall, I still love Martin and I loved this book.      