 Maybe it's just that I reread this series in the wake of rereading Neil Gaiman's massively superior Sandman, but Preacher does not deserve the hype it has been given.  The story is about Jesse Custer, an irreverent minister who merges with a mysterious being called Genesis.  This gives him the power to command anyone who can understand him.  Together with his girlfriend Tulip and Irish vampire Cassidy, he sets out to find God (literally). The word "gratuitous" hardly begins to describe virtually everything to be found here.  Blowing off someone's face gets a little boring after seeing it (or some other equally gruesome death) for the twentieth time.  Sexual depredations are used for cheap shock value and have little emotional impact.  And writer Garth Ennis seems to have a running competition with himself over how many times he can use the f-word in one page.  All the sex and violence (very often acted out by the main characters) only serves to detract from the moral and religious messages of the comic. I am also forced to conclude that Preacher is sorely lacking in the creativity department.  The premise is interesting enough, but not a whole lot is done with it.  Jesse Custer spends most of the comic just sort of wandering around, running afoul of various sickos and conspiracies.  So much time is spent making sure the reader knows that Jesse is a Real Man that his villains usually end up looking like total losers.  The exceptions are the Saint of Killers, who's fairly cool, and Jody (from the second collection), who is a nearly perfect comic book bad guy.  Starr, theoretically the main antagonist of the series, is totally worthless; I can't remember him succeeding in anything he tried to do at any time.  And the less said about other bad guys, like Jesus de Sade and Les Enfants du Sange, the better.  Jesse is a fairly good character, and many rave about the portrayal of Tulip as a strong female comic character.  (Though I personally thought she wasn't even vaguely realistic.) This first volume deserves four stars, because it has some drive and focus.  Overall I would probably recommend this collection and the first half of the next one.  (That contains the story of Jesse's upbringing and has far and away the most powerful writing in the series.)  But the later collections are pointlessly drawn out and don't fulfill the promise of the beginning of the series.     