 This is the first El-Hazard tape, which may be confusing since there are so many El-Hazard series. The tape concerns a student named Makoto who finds himself, one of his teachers, and two classmates transported to the magical world of El-Hazard.  Once there, he finds out that he bears an uncanny resemblance to a princess who has gone missing.  The princess needs to be seen to preserve the fragile alliance of some of the nations of El-Hazard, and Makoto reluctantly agrees to pretend to be her.  Hilarity ensues. This series really has two things going for it.  One is the humor.  It's one of the top three funniest anime I've seen, along with Ranma 1/2 and Goldenboy.  Makoto's teacher Fujisawa is, in particular, hilarious.  He's gifted with super-strength when he gets to El-Hazard, but only when sober, and he's a complete drunk. The other selling point is the visual aspect.  Some anime, such as Revolutionary Girl Utena and X, have a haunting quality to them that can stick with you hours after you watch them.  El-Hazard, however, is the anime that I would most describe as beautiful.  The lush scenery and fantastic, quasi-Arabian architecture are breathtaking, as are the colors, lovely pinks, blues, greens, and oranges.  It is quite simply amazing. The only real complaint I might have is about one of the characters, Alielle.  She is a prime example of a rather unfortunate prejudice regarding homosexuals, namely that they have some freakish sex drive that makes them incapable of keeping their hands off members of the same sex.  She claims to be in love with Fatora, the missing princess, but this does not stop her from throwing herself at every female character she comes across.  Maybe I'm taking it a little too seriously.  It is done for laughs and is pretty funny, but I can't imagine too many gay people are flattered by such a portrayal. Still, this is a very good series with a great opening video in "Battlefield of Confusion."  If you like anime comedies, there is no reason you won't love this one.     