 This is truly a fascinating look at the "old days," when it was truly a different world in athletic competition, and the 3 greatest long-distance runners in the world were all true amateurs, and they competed for reasons that are beyond the comprehension of today's athletes. The four-minute mile was long considered impossible, one of the "holy grails" of athletic competition, and it certainly was elusive in those days when no respectable athlete ever took any drugs, and "performance-enhancing" drugs would have been considered by all to not only be illegal, but, more importantly to those men, immoral. This is a story of dedication and determination unlike any to be encountered in this day and age. During the early '40s, the Mile Run world record was broken several times by a pair of Swedish runners, each of whom kept breaking the other's record at a time when the rest of the world was involved in WWII, but the new records were usually being set by fractions of a second over the prior record, and most people still considered the four-minute mile to be impossible. There was thought to be some limit to human capacity to run, to expend energy, that would prevent that particular goal from ever being met. The men who became the 3 greatest long-distance runners in the world, Roger Bannister, John Landy, and Wes Santee, competed in the 1952 Helsinki Olympics, and they all failed to meet their expectations, as well as the expectations of their respective countries, and they were all so discouraged at their failures, they each determined to go after that four-minute mile barrier and capture the world's record. This book details their different personalities, and their approaches to winning and setting the great record, and the author does a nice job of capturing the ideals of the time and the different approaches they took in their training. True track and field fans need to acquaint themselves with the best runners and trainers of the day who helped these 3 work toward their goal. Men virtually forgotten are profiled, such as the incomparable Emil Zatopek, who won 3 gold medals in distance running in 1952, and whose superior training methods influenced the runs toward the four-minute mile, Franz Stampfl who also introduced some radical (for the time) new training methods, and Bannister's Oxford teammates who worked at setting the pace perfectly, to allow for Bannister's kick to propel him to the record. These 3 men were all so personally dedicated, and worked so hard toward that one goal, it is difficult to now understand their motivations and methods, but the author does a nice job of explaining and presenting, so this is a very readable book for the sports fan. Also detailed is the very sad story of how the AAU, then controlling all track and field in the U.S., sidelined Wes Santee just as he was ready to take on the Englishman and Australian.   Detailed stories show how Bannister and then Landy did the impossible and broke the four-minute mile, each setting a new world's record, all in a very short time-frame, and then the exciting story of how they were going to meet in the "mile of the century" at the Empire Games in Vancouver, BC, and the outcome of that famous head-on race between these very best runners. And for the reader who pays attention, you can learn the answer to a nice trivia question: who appeared on the very first cover of Sports Illustrated?  You can see the picture in this book. This is a good entertaining and informative story about athletic competition in the waning days of the true amateur, when Bannistger wanted to win for Oxford and England, and Landy wanted to win for Australia, and neither thought of himself first. Those days are gone, but this book shows why they were superior days in the field of athletic endeavour, when individual honor and integrity meant something, and these men were admired around the world in ways current athletes can't imagine.     