 We have to call this a "list" because the author, in her enthusiasm, names so many "useful idiots," she doesn't have time to provide fully developed stories about all the people who have worked againast the U.S., even while enjoying all the benefits of this country.  The people she names, with some detail and with full references, were considered "useful idiots" by the Communists. And, most unhappily, many continue to this day. But she gives a nice overview of all the liberals, leftists, Communists, and even Democrats, who have applauded the Communists of the USSR whatever they did, and who continued to give plaudits to the later Communists of Cuba, various Eastern European Soviet satellite states, as well as the Communist-backed insurgents of Central America.  She correctly points out that even when Stalin was responsible for the murder of multi-millions of subjects--more than Hitler's Germany was responsible for--many Americans continued to support him and to overlook or disregard those imprisoned or slaughtered by his "Bolshi" government.  When all literate people could read about the deaths of millions by state-induced famine in the early '30s, and when Stalin put on a series of "show trials" for the world to see, as he was making infamous and unbelieveably false charges against his own party leaders and the survivors of their own 1917 revolution, all for the sake of killing for killing sake, and for silencing all potential opposition, the American liberals continued making excuses for the atrocities and supporting Stalin. The author shows that the blind support of Communism, and the constant criticism of their own country, continues to this day, as she gives quotes from famous network TV anchors and newscasters, as well as the "Hollywood elite," and she shows that their unifying theme is ignorance and a refusal to face facts. As she reports, the leftist-leaning liberals in the US have never met a Communist they didn't like. Even now, most of those ignorant, close-minded liberals refuse to admit there ever was a "cold war," and they slide along enjoying all the fruits and benefits of a free society while they support the exact opposite.  One measure of their ignorance is knowledge that Communists, once they get in power, always imprison or murder the rich, the idle, the educated, etc., and the very US liberals who mouth such insane support for Communism would be among the first to be eliminated. The author does a first-class job of enumerating instances of liberals who support Communist rulers, but she doesn't purport to give full details of each Communist failing.  For the interested, she does cite the more full, detailed accounts, and they should be "must" reading for anyone concerned about freedom.  If anyone has any doubts about how the Communists really operate, there are excellent accounts available.  Read some Solzhenitsyn, as he recounts his personal experience in the Soviet Gulag, as well as the experiences of others he has known, and you can't possibly believe there was any good, laudable reason for such horrible labor and death camps.  For your further education, read some of the Robert Conquest accounts of the Great Famine and the Great Terror.  The facts of Communist repression are far worse than any novelist could dream up. This is a very nice list of how the liberals have worked against their own country for upwards of 100 years, and she show many of those who continue to work to undermine the interests of the US to this day. Very valuable.     