 This is the best mystery written yet by Steve Hamilton, and his writing skills have to be experienced to be believed. If a reader can read his description of being lost in the north of Canada, while alone, and not feel some of the nervousinous of being lost themselves, then such reader must not be concentrating on the exposition. Here, hero Alex McKnight, a semi-retired Detroit cop who has sought the refuge of a lonely existence up in the U.P., is drawn into helping his equally-reclusive neighbor, Vinnie, a member of the local Ojibwa tribe.  Vinnie's brother hasn't returned from guiding a hunting party into the wilds of Ontario, and the family is worried.  Vinnie especially so because he has loaned his ID to the brother because his brother is a convicted felon and would get into serious trouble for leaving Michigan to go into Canada. Vinnie finally explains to Alex why he did such a stupid thing, but that only encourages Alex to "sign up" and agree to help Vinnie look for the missing group. So off they go, driving along the shore of Lake Superior, into the northern wilds of Ontario, and they keep driving until they run out of road and have to go off-road to a desolate lake, where they meet a group in the process of closing up their lodge.  All hunters have already left, and the lodge staff is getting ready to return home for the winter, perhaps for good. Alex and Vinnie have to explore further, and they run into Detroit mobsters, unhelpful Indians, a couple of bar brawlers, as well as an unlikely team of Ontario Provincial Police constables. Hamilton's descriptions of the drive along Lake Superior, the isolated hunting lodge, the encounters with moose and black bear, the enforced overnight stay in the town of Wawa (where Alex remarks that Wawa is not the kind of town a guy would want to spend a vacation in), is so on-the-mark, a perceptive reader will feel the cold, damp wind in his face and hear the un-Godly growls of large carnivores in the dark of the night as he follows McKnight in his search for the truth. Author Hamilton's powers of description show such intimacy with the features and characteristics of the places and lives in desolate areas of  N. Ontario, he has to have experienced them. And even at that, only the best writer could convey a reader to those same places and same feelings. Those isolated places of the North are examples of a different level of civilization from what most of us experience, and for the reader willing to live that life, even briefly, this book is a must. Plus, after years of living alone with his thoughts and worries in Paradise, Michigan, he meets an eye-catching OPP Constable he wishes he could have met under better circumstances, and Alex can't quite get her out of his mind.  Even as his legal situation deteriorates, and he and Vinnie end up in a holding cell at the OPP detachment in Hearst, Ontario, Alex keeps wondering just what kind of woman the distant Constable is. And Alex even gets another unexpected benefit when Vinnie's mother "adopts" him into her Ojibwa family, as Alex tries his hardest to understand and explain what happened to Vinnie's brother in the northern wilds. Hamilton is also so good at his descriptions of his subjects' feelings, and his powers of observation, many readers will get tired during all of Alex's numerous trips up and down the highway, to such places as Detroit, Sault St.Marie, Wawa, Hearst, Sudbury, Timmons, and more, because we feel like we are riding along with him, fighting fatigue and pain with nothing but coffee and the knowledge that time is running against us. Join the ride and fight and go along with Alex McKnight on this new exciting and dangerous adventure.     