 This Lew Fonesca book does not quite give us a world-class mystery, but the character development is, indeed, world class. This is a difficult book to put down simply because the reader does want to know more about this odd "hero," and where he is going.  As he goes along his way, he meets, and interacts with, some odd characters, and they usually seem to have something in common with Fonesca: they are all operating on the fringes of acceptable society.  None of them have much in the way of material possessions, or if they do, they don't care about them, and they have their own motivations and their owns reasons for going on. Fonesca, although making a living of sorts, is about as much on the fringe as the rest of them, and during those times when he is attempting to help someone else, we have to wonder how he can afford to even think of others when his own needs are so acute. This guy, Lew Fonesca, about sums up his view of life, and his part in it, when he observes: "I work as little as I can, live as cheaply as I can, and have as little to do with people as I can." Quite a philosophy, and one most of us sometimes wish we could follow.  But as much as he wishes he could follow his own philosophy, he keeps meeting people who need his help, and something in his character won't allow him to let the needy people walk away without hope.  So he frequently agrees to help others, when he knows he is barely able to keep himself going. It must be this need to help others that holds him together since the sudden death of his wife.  Even how he ended up in Sarasota, Florida is both simple and revealing; he says he was feeling so depressed, he just got in his old car and started driving, and he drove until his car quit, and he had to try to get by just where it stopped.  So he does as little as possible, which is serving legal papers for a law firm on an occasional basis, and he keeps trying to stay away from the public. But some members of the public keep needing his help, and there he is again--helping. Author Kaminsky does a fine job with all his writing; he is one of those people who makes it all seem easy.  When it isn't. His ability to write, and especially to develop interesting characters, grows stronger. You need to read this one to see just how a character is developed.  Most people will hate to see this story end.     