 Our Hero Joe Pickett, Wyoming game warden, is back in a second outing, and he is as interesting and honest as ever. The author does a very nice job of presenting some aspects of a fairly new facet of the outdoors, the eco-terrorist.  Such people get a lot of news coverage, and they seem to engage in a continuing series of eye-catching, yet stupid, stunts.  So anyone interested in the outdoors, either as a place of recreation or a place to work and live, has to ask themselves what those people are up to and what their real agenda is. Pickett runs up against such people who sabotage heavy equipment, drive long spikes into old-growth timber, chain themselves to trees, and he explores, to some extent, their motivations and feelings.  And, of course, he knows a lot of good people have lived their lives in the outdoors, doing the things the new-comers condemn, and he understands their confusion and frustration at having to deal with the outsiders who seem to have a combination of naive idealism and ignorance of what genuine ecology involves.  Those people purport to "love" animals, but they have no idea how those animals live, roam, propagate and intermingle with other animals and humans. Pickett is in the middle of course, trying to enforce some laws, while protecting everyone. But his life turns upside down when the blown-up eco-terrorist seemingly  returns from the dead and starts calling Pickett's wife.  Which makes no sense at all until it turns out that Pickett's wife knew the eco-terrorist during her "wild" high school days. What's a guy to do?  Pickett then has to really investigate what happened to the blown-up eco-terrorist, and in the process, he has to also inquire into the local opposition, which also seems to have gone over the edge. There are a lot of interesting characters here, and the author does a nice job of exploring them.  Some of the dialog is so true to life, the writer must have talked to some of the real characters who populate the outdoors with all their conflicting views. A nice, readable book, and it is a must read for anyone interested in the questions raised by the concept of eco-terrorism.     