 There is hardly a writer active today who weaves a more complex story, with such a vast array of characters, than Burke. This particular story starts when some teen-age girls are killed in an auto accident while undaer the influence, and the detective Robicheaux begins to investigate; before he gets very far, the man running the drive-thru that sold the liquor to the girls is murdered.  So, once again, Robicheaux begins an investigation that becomes so complex, involving to many leads, false leads, and historical background, that the reader almost has to take notes to keep everything straight. The detective gets side-tracked worrying about the disappearance in the early '50s of a blues singer who had been committed to the infamous Angola state prison.  As his current investigation leads him to a renegade Catholic priest, an Irish hit man, the descendents of old plantation owners who used slave labor rented from the state prison system, cops on the pad, as well as some confrontations with his boss and former partner, he keeps uncovering information about that old '50s blues singer.  And he can't let go of any of the information as his investigation begins to broaden and expand beyond any formal jurisdiction. As usual in the Robicheaux stories, the character is frequently burdened by visions of the past, both his own and those of his state. This detective is not your usual cop, in any sense, and he constantly pursues leads that have no visible connection to his investigation, taking time and resources away from his official business, and his own thoughts stray so often into the past, it's no wonder he gets bogged down and is subject to frequent criticism by his sheriff-boss. But the best reason for reading the Robicheaux stories is not for the mystery, although there certainly is one, but for the background information and the historical perspective he brings to his stories.  Author Burke is a master of the use of language and imagery, and most readers will enjoy the side-excursions as Burke explores the underside of the historical Louisiana. Once you join in with Robicheaux and his headstrong pal Clete, you won't want to quit the chase any more than the detectives do. The only hesitation in the complex story is where author Burke inserts his own modern political views into the mouth of his detective, when they are contrary to the basic character of Robicheaux. But aside from those interruptions, this is a complex and moving story that is difficult to put down.     