 The author has presented what, on the surface, seems like a murder mystery as an older musician is shot in the back and killed, for no apparent good reason, and the local cops start their tedious process of questioning everyone. But he goes much beyond that, and the story becomes quite complex, as to both the characters, as well as their motivations.  So, in those senses, this can be a good read, and many people will enjoy the complex story and the serious development of many characters. However, the author has a strange way of trying to engage our interest, because he engages in so much "in" lingo, it's difficult to follow who all these people are and what they are doing.  He uses "inside" language when presenting the police detectives and their work, the gangbangers and other criminals who may be involved, the nearby dopers, and the corrupt politicians, so most of us are floundering a bit as we try to decipher his language and its meaning. This approach just doesn't quite seem designed to bring readers into his fictional world, but, on the other hand, it does seem to be used as a barrier to prevent our strong interest and engagement.  A very odd use of language for a writer. Instead of using the English language to inform and captivate most readers, he seems more interesting in keeping our interest at a distance. This just isn't for everyone, because it is difficult to follow in many places. In addition, the overall tone of this book is so negative, and so bleak, it becomes depressing, and while the author does a nice job of perfecting that bleak, down atmosphere, throughout the entire story, that tone and atmosphere won't suit everyone. There is considerable depth of character here, and many diverse characters are presented, so many readers will be happy to follow their development. But, as said, much of this is difficult to follow in detail, with the language used to hide or cover activities and feelings, and the bleakness and hopelessness of all the characters sets such a negative tone, the book definitely isn't for everyone.     