 This is a story from author Kellerman which is a bit of a departure for him, in that he usually writes about his hero Alex Delaware and his odd pal, Milo, who operate in the psych and homicide world of L.A.  The best of those stories usually grab your attention and move at a fast, complex pace. Here, Kellerman does give us a different perspective with his hero a Ph.D psychologist working in the psych unit of a hospital in an unnamed city.  Dr.Jeremy Carter's life falls suddenly into new depths when his beautiful girl friend is found murdered, and the details of her death are so gruesome the detectives won't talk about them to anyone. And, of course, since there are few clues, the hidebound police detectives suspect the boy friend, Jeremy, and they try to work him into the murder. Jeremy tries to build a new life, but it is a slow, painful process; then he meets another beautiful young woman, and they move toward a more intimate friendship.  But he can never forget his earlier girlfriend and her fate, but the police still won't tell him anything, but they are obviously losing interest in what is becoming an old case. Then Jeremy is suddenly befriended by an older man on staff, who is a pathologist, and the older doc invites Jeremy to a dinner, which turns out to be very mysterious indeed.  The handful of participants are all older, seemingly wealthy, and they have something secret in their past, which they hint of but never detail. The pathologist then disappears, and Jeremy begins receiving postcards from around the world, and about the same time, someone is slipping into his interoffice mail copies of bizarre articles in medical journals.   Jeremy's interest is aroused, of course, and he begins trying to make some connection among all those articles and the bare hints from his new friend, the traveling pathologist. The course is complex, with some false leads, and the psychologist begins investigating on his own.  All leading to danger of course. In the course of his story, author Kellerman tells us a bit about the basic characteristics of serial killers and the kind of people who kill for no reason, or only for their personal thrill, and his descriptions are highly interesting, all the more because the author knows this business. The pace is both quick and easy, and the ending does reveal this to be a genuine mystery.     