 This is a much more emotional story than we usually find in the mystery field.  Most readers will at one time or another practically shout out, "leave the guy alone."  The author so fully developes his characters that you feel for all of them as hero Joe Pickett works on multiple problems in his job as a Wyoming game warden, and he tries to balance demands of that job with his awesome responsibilities as a husband and father. Plus, the writer has such descriptive powers that most readers will be able to feel that cold Wyoming wind, and we can almost feel ourselves sinking into those deep snowdrifts as we trudge through the winter country, seeking answers to those multiple problems. The problems start when Pickett finds a USFS manager killing multiple elk, for no apparent reason, and shortly after an arrest is  made, that government employee is chillingly murdered in bizarre circumstances, and Pickett is left with more questons than answers.  Then a BLM employee is lured into a truck mishap and left to die in the cold. But the problems really blow up when an inexperienced "task force" leader shows up, and she bulls her way into the investigation with threats and bombast, and her ego-driven "leadership" causes the whole mess to expand and start to spin out of control. We can only hope the US Forest Service hasn't declined as much as the author suggests in this story, but that may be wishful thinking, because there is ample evidence that the great federal land-management agencies have been taken over by issue-driven bureaucrats, whose agendas don't include much consideration for the people who actually use the resources they purportedly manage for the benefit of the many. But Box apparently knows his subject matter, because the whole story, with all the side issues, rings true.  He writes in a way that we can, and do, believe in the personality clashes and resource mis-management he describes. He is a very capable writer, and this story is both gripping and full of truths we can understand and relate to. Get yourself into this story and see how difficult it is to put down before the finish.     