 This book by Dr. Paton has to be essential to anyone interested in the Lewis and Clark expedition, if for no other reason than he addresses some issues not explored by anyone else. He talks about the various illnesses and pains experienced by Expedition members over the 2-1/2 years they were gone from "civilization," and he combines knowledge of the historical aspects of medicine of that day with how such problems could be handled today. This book should be read in conjunction with the more detailed books, such as the Stephen Ambrose book or the 1-volume edited version of the actual L&C journals themselves published by the U. of Nebraska, so the medical problems can be more fully understood in context with the overall trip.   In addition to the various ailments suffered by the members, the author discusses why some problems were so great, and why they persisted throughout the Expedition, and then how such problems would be eliminated today.  He talks about the very serious matters that could have curtailed, or ended, the Expedition, which allows us to understand even more fully just how great, and perhaps lucky, Lewis and Clark were to make such a tremendous trip with only one death. In addition, he points out that the leaders had to contend with requests by local Indians for medical care and how they responded.  Interestingly, L&C each responded with genuine concern, and occasionally some tenderness, toward the Indians they met who need medical attention.  Both men helped all the Indians they could, dispensing their limited medical supplies as needed, showing a concern that would be unmatched by later Europeans dealing with Indians. Of some interest also is that the Indians of the Rockies very quickly tended to favor Clark when seeking medical help, revealing that he had the superior "bedside manner" when dealing with those Native Americans.  Clark's interest and concern was later reflected in his long service as Indian Commissioner for the new territory, and he always tried to obtain favorable treatment for the Indians of the Louisiana Purchase from the government, and he used his best ability to try to make the government keep its word to those Indians. Dr. Paton describes the effects of dirty drinking water, unsanitary camp conditions, snake bite, nettles, the extrememly hard labor required during the long days, as well as the problems facing the Expedition when their normal food supplies ran out. This is a very significant addition to our knowledge of what Lewis and Clark, and their men, faced during that arduous trek to the Pacific and back during 1804-1806.  Plus, it is very interesting reading, and it should be read by everyone interested in early U.S. history.     