 An exceptional read, by a master, although this is a departure from the usual Connelly books.  His Harry Bosch series is about the best, so this latest effort, which has a different approach and feel, seems to fall a little short.  This story does not have the sharp edge of tension found in the Bosch novels, and that is likely because Bosch deals with the very worst of L.A. criminals, the most depraved, and the most extreme.  The very worst of criminals requires the "worst", i.e., the best, of detectives, and that is Connelly's Harry Bosch. But this story seems a little tame only compared to the Bosch series, and it is a tight, entertaining story. It's a bit of a stretch to follow the hero, who is a high-powered, successful scientist advancing his own innovative company, as he suddenly drops interest in his financial and technical world and takes up the quest of searching for an unknown prostitute.  But Connelly has a plusible explanation for the hero's sudden change of direction and interest, and once that is  accepted, the story moves along at a nice engrossing pace. What man's interest won't be piqued when Henry, the hero, realizes with a chill that the probable mastermind of his troubles must be his recently-departed girlfriend?  He is properly confounded when he is hit with the fact that no one knows all the facets of both his business and personal life to put together the horrible mess he finds himself in.  It has to be her, and he is driven to both confront and defeat her. But then he has further doubts, and he scours his mind, trying to figure out who else has access to all the info to bring him into mortal legal and physical danger, while causing the collapse of his business enterprise. Connelly does a very nice job of presenting conflicting enemies here, but they are all proper L.A. people, both good and bad, and the reader will have to dash through the book to find out the how and who of this mystery. Connelly is a master of the twisted story, and everyone will enjoy this one.     