 Yes, this is a fabulous, entertaining, and engaging story. The author covers a fictional set of characters through the history of the CIA, populating the story with real people and events, and he does a very nice job of integrating the fictional with the historic. As a matter of fact, he is so good at presenting his story, there is a down side.  The reader who is not fully informed about the true historical facts of the Cold War, especially, will have a very difficult time distinguishing fact from fiction.  The story will be fascinating all the same, but we have to hope the less-informed reader will be encouraged to read some history and increase the enjoyment of this book. One reader criticized the author as too much of a "name dropper," a comment I felt unfair--until I read the whole book. He does drop in famous names constantly, perhaps to unfairly give his story the air and feel of genuine historical perspective, so the reader has to be careful here also to distinguish fact from fiction.  His fictional chracters are constantly having lunch with Directors of the CIA, or future Directors, with far more frequency than would have been the case with new recruits to the service; plus, Presidents of the US and Congressmen and Senators are dropped in periodically.   Another major criticism of the book is that the uninformed reader, after completing the story, would have to conclude the US lost the Cold War; the book is a constant stream of CIA failures, from post-WWII Europe, through the 1956 Hungarian student uprising, the Bay of Pigs, on through the Soviet-Afghan war, as well as several stories of Presidential ineptness and weakness. At the end of the book, we have to remind ourselves that we (the U.S.) did, after all, win the Cold War. But, truthfully, the book is very readable and entertaining, and it is one of the few around that will genuinely be difficult to put down.  This story of some of the people who populated the Cold War was never told in a more compelling manner. Highly recommended.     