 This book has such an interesting premise, it can't be missed. That premise is wondering what would happen if the owners and operators of "Big Tobacco" agreed with the anti-smoking zealots and government regulators that smoking was bad for us, and they suddenly, and simply, announced they were stopping all production and distribution of tobacco products. Wow.  Think what would happen.  This author does a very nice job of describing all the ramifications, from the loss of millions of dollars in tax money to the states and federal govmt, the lack of funding for future anti-smoking campaigns, the jobs lost in the industry, at both the factory and the farm ends of that business, as well as the anger of the legions of smokers suddenly deprived of their addiction.  Also raised is the question of the right of Americans to make their own informed choices and their right to privacy. Such ramifications are more complex and far-reaching than most of us ever thought of, and it will do us good to consider all of them.  Only after studying such possible ramifications can we begin to fathom the depth of the politics behind Big Tobacco.  Then we can begin to understand the wavering of the big politicians at all levels on these questions; we get an idea of the tax dollars the governments now count on, especially since most states have tobacco-suit settlement money being grabbed by legislators for favorite projects, and the looting of the original anti-tobacco purposes by those state legislatures. It is some very fascinating facts, which the author nicely combines with some interesting speculations, and the story is a very worthwhile one. The only flaw is that toward the end, the author uses the device of the main characters suddenly, and rather mysteriously, coming into possession of "secret" facts that allow the story to go forward to its conclusion. That fiction device is rather noticeable here, but the book in any case presents some needed facts and speculations about Big Tobacco and its history and possible future.     