 The only better source for understanding the adventure of the Lewis and Clark expedition would be the full 11-volumn set edited by this same author for the U. of Nebraska.  As a readable one-volumn summary of their fabulous and hair-raising expedition, the editor has selected many of the most interesting passages from the actual diaries of the participants, and many readers will be able to vicariously experience the wonder at what the men saw and how they reacted to the natives of the large region, as well as to the flora and fauna of a then-unknown part of the continent. Frequently, the same adventure, or the same encounter, is told in the words of multiple observers, and it is most interesting to see how they reacted. One of the most fascinating, and almost humorous, attitudes is that of Lewis toward Grizzly bears and how that attitude changes quickly as he encounters the great bear.  It is easy to feel the superior attitude of Lewis as he relates the first warnings of the Indians about the ferocity and size of this distinct bear.  He first writes: "...the indians may well fear this anamal equiped as they generally are with their bows and arrows...but in the hands of skillful riflemen they are by no means as formidable or dangerous as they have been represented." He is speaking of someone who is acquainted with the black bear of the Ohio valley. Shortly thereafter he notes, writing of another grizzly, that he was "...extreemly hard to kill..." specifying that bear had been shot 10 times before finally expiring.  Only a few days later, after another terrifying encounter with a grizzly, where a party of hunters had to go after a bear wounded who had escaped, after chasing one of his men, Lewis concludes, "...these bear being so hard to die rather intimedates us all; I must confess that I do not like the gentlemen and had rather fight two Indians than one bear;..." These passages are only a sample of the learning curve the great explorers were on, and their own words show how they learned and adapted so quickly that they made their amazing trek to the Pacific coast and back with no casualties other than Sgt. Floyd who died of a burst appendix.  The editor relates that Sgt.Floyd couldn't have been saved even with the best medical care available at the time. The book abounds with descriptions of birds and animals seen for the first time by any white man, and both Captains provide details showing their dedication and ability; in addition, Clark drew many significant maps of the area. But the book isn't perfect; some decent maps should have been provided, because the very small, sometimes confusing maps aren't helpful at all, and the serious student or reader will have to find some maps to accompany his reading.  Not even one example of the fine maps drawn by Clark is provided.  A few more of their drawings of animals would have been very helpful and entertaining. But fascinating beyond belief are their copious observations and notes of the native Indians they encountered.  They show far more sympathy toward the Indians than might be thought possible from upper-class East-coast white men, and both Lewis and Clark reveal their wonder at the various customs and practices of the Indians.  Both the Captains the the others who kept diaries frequently express appreciation of the skills and lifestyles of the tribes, and this expedition helpled forge considerable friendships between the white Americans and their native counterparts. The fact that later government mistreatment of Indians led to wars and the loss of life is an indictment of later political administrations in Washington, rather than any indictment of these wonderful leaders and the members of this expedition. But the writers whose words are provided here show a depth of curiosity and thirst for knowledge of these different cultures that has to astound most readers today. And we have to read the exact words of those men who encountered the Blackfeet in present Montana to know just how it happened that the only violent deaths happened there; the Lewis journal entries are very revealing. Hundreds of entries show just how cool and thoughtful all expedition members were as they encountered unbelieveable problems and obstacles, and how they met them with both good humor and determination. You can learn here why the Lewis and Clark expedition was one of the greatest explorations in the world and why those particular men were the absolutely best choice for their unique roles. Anyone interested in American history needs to read these words and imagine what these men saw and heard.     