 This is both a fascinating book, and it is about one of the most fascinating subjects, Benjamin Franklin. The book is a little on the short side, but the author explains he kept it a bit limited in scope on purpose.  He intends for it to be readable,and he wants to concentrate on Franklin's public service; plus, he tends to focus on his overseas assignments on behalf of the 13 Colonies, as well as his later service on behalf of the new United States. No hero of our Revolution is more complex and diverse than Franklin, and his public service far exceeds that of any other of the Founders.  We tend to forget how old Franklin was at the time of some of his greatest service.  After nearly 10 years in England, trying to pursuade the English authorities in Parliament of the wisdom of keeping their American colonies within the British Empire by giving them equal status in that Empire, and finally failing, he returned home to Philadelphia. And the next day, he was elected to the Second Continental Congress. As he entered the State House in Philadelphia to begin his term in that Congress, it is noted that he served in that same building years before in the colonial assembly.  And when he served in the colonial government, some of the greatest of Founders weren't born yet; at that time, for example, Patrick Henry, Thomas Jefferson, John Hancock and John Adams had not even been born.  Franklin served all those years, and as the Revolution was progressing, and he was in his 70s, the new government sent him to France to procure loans and to negotiate treaties with France to help in their fight for Independence. That he succeeded is evident, and he spent several years in France serving his new country. The book reveals, in very interesting detail, that Franklin was so revered and so respected in England, that while he was living there, fighting for better understanding by Parliament, he was blamed for everything that was happening in the Colonies.  When an assembly in Bostom forwarded new demands to King George III, which inflamed Parliament, the Solicitor General called Franklin the "great director" of those events and demands.  The author very nicely points out that the probably author of those demands from Bostom, Samuel Adams, needed no direction from Franklin on how to inflame independence passions. When the Boston Tea Party took place in Boston harbor, in protest against Parliament's tax on imported tea, the Secretary for Colonial Affairs told Parliament the whole affair looked like it came from "...the Franklin school of politics." About that time, Franklin's English friends advised him he was facing arrest, and many were afraid for his physical safety. But he continued doing his job for the Colonies, and although he met with much frustration in dealing with British authorities, he never wavered in his efforts to help the Colonies. Franklin showed style, energy, and he exercised more diplomacy in both England and France than we can imagine, and this author  does a nice job of pointing out his efforts and accomplishments.     