 Yes, a very funny story about life in prison.  Hard as that is to believe, I laughed more at Lerner's story than at most humor books.  It takes a very unusual gift to find that much to laugh about while serving a prison sentence, especially in a place so full of repression and hatred as where he was confined.  Note I am talking about the attitude and treatment of the "guards", not the inmates; it's too bad every state legislator can't be made to read this story so they can see what a failure our prison systems are.  The states continue to send more and more people to prison, as they treat them worse as time goes by, and they have created systems where relatively ordinary people are either terrorized or indoctrinated into the criminal lifestyle, and genuine criminals are transformed into more vicious, depraved people, then all are released into society worse than they entered the system. This author coped far better than most would have, and this funny, entertaining book is the result. Everyone who has ever worked in a cubicle, or attended some required corporate training, will find much to laugh at, because Lerner constantly finds, and points out, parallels between his training at Pacific Bell and the situations he encounters in his Nevada prison.  And his corporate training helps him through many periods of doubt and crises.  Who would have thought? Some readers carp at the author's explanation of his presence in prison.  Who cares?  It does detract a bit from an otherwise funny story, but he is not writing a Supreme Court brief or submitting an affidavit in support thereof, so why should the reader tear apart his explanation.  His pre-prison story is rather ordinary, but one he felt he had to tell, so we should accept it for what it's worth and then go back to the "fun and games." We should all hope we never get personally acquainted with the culture of prison, but if we do, we will be lucky if we make as many friends, or have as many good stories, as this author. His story of how he copes, and how he manages to find something worthwhile out of a miserable, wasted existence, can be inspiring.  We have to make the best of what we have, and more of us can learn something useful from this story, while being entertained at the same time, than we think.  Most of us will benefit from reading this man's story.     