 This installation of Kellerman's series on Alex Delaware has to be the best of the bunch.  His usual book is full of complexity that most readers enjoy, but this one brings to full light the additional work and personality of detective Petra Connor, who, along with long-time pal detective Milo Sturgis, work with Delaware's psychological insights to find the killer of rising  artists. At first, no one notices the connection among a handful of murders, which have happened in different districts, and even far-flung jurisdictions, but someone finally notices that a series of killings have involved victims who were all either rising young artists, or long-suffering artists finally on the brink of success. But who would want to kill such a diverse bunch of artists, including a concert pianist, a blues guitar player, a drugged, out-of-control modern singer (who is more of a screamer, really), and others who never knew each other and who never traveled in the same circles, either artisticallly or physically? The story realistically involves some false starts and phony leads, all of which the police (and Alex) must pursue, so the reader can share the real frustration of police and detective work which requires them to work with insufficient information, reluctant witnesses and outright liars while trying to track down a relentless killer who is getting more bold and lethal. All the characters are fully developed, and the author has made each of them interesting to the point where we want to know more about them and to share their thought processes. Of course, as in the Alex Delaware books in general, the hero himself is in a personal turmoil, and he suddenly finds that he might be the target of the killer himself; but worse, he shockingly realizes the fear that the next target may be someone very near and dear to him. So Alex has to help the police unravel a complex series of murders, all the while dealing with his own inner conflicts. His psychological insights are helpful to the police, but the insights into  himself are more elusive. For anyone with any interest in this type of psychological thriller or mystery, this is a must.  And most readers will find it very difficult to put down, as the story rolls forward with intensity.     