 This is a very interesting book in many respects, as it focuses on the women of the Dillinger Gang, and some associated gangs, and the author does give us many new facts and figures.  However, as everyone has pointed out who has read this book, there are also many distortions and errors of fact, and the  errors are so numerous they really distract from the finished product. The author says she researched the book for 15 years, and at times, it seems evident, but then a series of errors will show up, and it looks like the whole thing was thrown together in a very few weeks.  So either the author was very sloppy in her research and writing, or else some editor was asleep when attempting to do that job. There are some fascinating and new photos in the book, and they alone make looking this over worthwhile.  For the serious student of crime in the '30s, this shouldn't be missed. As the title suggests, the main focus here is on the various women connected to the gang members, and we learn some little details that tell us a lot.  For example, as evidence of the poor background of these women, the author recites that all those women had bad teeth, and they were frequently seeking money for dental work.  And since they came from broken homes, and a very poor, uneducated background, they, as a group, had little going on in their lives; they truly had drab lives, so that is the main reason why the latched onto these gangsters. Although their future looked grime, at least it was exciting, and they were drawn to a life more exciting than they had ever known.  And they got it.  As John Dillinger's last real girl friend, "Billie," stated in her old age, "I've lived a hell of a life." The author's feminist leanings get her off the track when she tries too hard to defend Lake County (Indiana) Sheriff Lillian Holley, who ran the Lake Co.Jail when Dillinger escaped with his "wooden gun" trick.  She was blamed, and she properly accepted the blame because she was the official in charge of the entire operation; she wasn't railroaded or made the scapegoat by a bunch of women-hating men as the author suggests. But it is all the factual errors, relating to geography, place names, the names of players and characters, some of the dates, etc., that let us down here and reduce the rating of this book. But a definite interesting read for those serious students of crime.     