 This is one book that will genuinely affect different readers many different ways.  Although mainly told from the perspective of a narrator who is a friend of all concerned and is the head of corporate HR, many readers will identify with different players in this drama.  Plus, the corporation that employs all these people is part of the problem and possible solutions. Throughout the personal drama involved, and the tragedy that is played out on several levels, the corporation seems to have the most impact on the greatest number of lives, even though corporations are supposed to have no souls and therefore, no personal feelings. The head of a special "quality" division is on the rise, as is his division during the days of corporate growth and profit, and when a lovely temp solves her first big problem in such an easy, smooth way, she is promptly hired as an assistant to that head.  Everyone in the division seems to like the woman, and she is helpful and hard-working, but her personal life intrudes into her business life, as it often does; in her case, that personal life is a hard one, and she shows up at work having obviously been beaten by a thug of a husband.  Everyone feels sorry for her, and they all try to help her through that trauma. She gets promotions a little too early, and she gets nice cash bonuses ahead of time, and she grows in importance as so many people lavish extra attention and graditude on her.  She advances in the corporation beyond her experience or education, and no one seems to mind because she is so dedicated to the company and its profits. But about the same time the company begins to stagnate economically, the woman starts to act in an odd manner, and she begins to criticize, and even attack, beyond reason, and everyone notices, but, in true corporation fashion, no one tries to get a grip on the situation.  As the woman begins to deteriorate emotionally, and perhaps mentally, everyone begins to fear her, and she is allowed to continue on her destructive way. Then, when the proper leaders of her division see she should not be allowed to continue in her job, everyone begins to get afraid of a possible law suit, so, again, they do nothing while the bad situation escalates into a worse situation. The co. even tries to promote her in order to get her into a different division, with less stress, where she might settle down into normal corporate behavior.  But she refuses the promotion, and she insists her place is right where she is. Then, as the division is beginning to dry up and shrink, for all the business reasons, the woman assistant offers to resign, but, again, for reasons improperly altruistic, her resignation is refused, so the company loses its last chance to get her out of their collective hair. She repays all the promotions, bonuses, personal help and easy path to corporate success by then quitting and suing the company.  As the saying goes, "no good dead goes unpunished." Throughout the string of personal problems, and then the corporate legal manuevering, the one who suffers the most is the one guy who truly worried about her, and cared about her as a human being, without asking anything in return.  Because he has cared so much, and tried so hard to do good, he is the one most damaged by the accusations.  Then, as further reward, the corporation begins to doubt his worth to the company, and they begin squeezing him out, probably hoping somehow that will defuse the lawsuit. The story is complex, and it shows how many people suffer, and to what depth that suffering can go, when one person is allowed to poison the corporate atmosphere that is nurturing so many people.  Because of the one woman's obsessions and mental deterioration, which the company did nothing to check, careers and even lives are permanently damaged, and even personal lives are broken. The results seem hard to believe, but to anyone who has tried to survive corporate life, and become a productive part of it, the story will ring too, too true.  Hard work is ignored, good people are destroyed, the best of intentions are undermined, and the corporation goes on, usually run by the least-sensitive, unimagative, single-minded, greed-driven people possible.   This story shows too well, and in a very complex, emotional way, what can happen to people who care too much. As said above, different people will react in different ways to the story, but it is a good, solid story well worth reading. Whether read from the view of an individual striving to succeed, or from the corporate side only worried about profit, there is much to be learned here. A good, emotionally-charged, entertaining read.     