 The worst feature of this book is the misleading classification given it by the publisher and others that call this book a serious book about classical music.  It is nothing but an autobiography, pure and simple.  There is nothing wrong with that in itself, but it is surely wrong to mis-classify a book like this one. The author has worked in the classical music field, and it is simply his personal recollections and experience that make up the whole of this book, and for that reason, it is considerably more "personal" than truly informative. We can only hope his musical ability exceeded his logic. The author rails constantly throughout his book about our government, and he makes a point to parade his anti-government marches and attitudes under our nose, and then he cites his experience in recommending that our classical music be saved by government subsidies. So he dislikes our government and its actions, except, well, maybe in the case of his pet projects, where he might take our taxpayer money. Oh, and he also makes it plain he is interested in the taxpayer money ONLY if it comes with no strings attached.  He explains repeatedly that he can't stand "interference" from anyone,  government or private, who wants to make some imput as to how that money is spent. You can read this book, and about all you learn is that the author doesn't like the government unless it is funding his own projects, and then only as long as the people heading up classical music projects can spend the money without any oversight or monitoring. His one specific thought for public funding of classical music is to impose a special gasoline tax on motorists, and he seems to think it will be such a small amount, no one would mind. But then, he seems quite surprised to learn, when that idea is published, that nearly everyone is against it.  Why would he be about the only one surprised? As a biography, the book isn't all that bad, but the reader needs to keep in mind this is just the writer's personal recollections and opinions, and his alleged insights into the world of classical music are very limited. Anyone truly interested in the reasons for the decline of classical music needs to read the Norman Lebrcht book, "Who Killed Classical Music."  That author has done extensive research and conducted numerous interviews with the participants in that world, and he has documented every facet of the history of classical music from its recording inception to the present day.  Plus, he names names, in both the best and worst situations, and the book reads at times like a serious research work, and at other times, it reads like a tabloid.  Get both the facts and interesting personalities there. This book is largely a waste of time.     