 Yes, this book should be read by every American, and it is a sad reminder of the poor state of our education in these modern times. As the author points out, George Washington was a far greater man, and a tremendously more important aid to our founding, than he is currently given credit for.  Brookhiser does a very nice job of painting a vivid, if abbreviated, portrait of the most solid figure during our early years as a new Republic.  We have forgotten that Washington's mere presence at events of those days lent a strength and solidarity that we can't quite fathom. No one in our memory has been able to grasp our minds and emotions in the manner Washington did during our Revolution and during his 2 terms as the first U.S. President. Everyone should read how his presence on the battlefield affected the Colonial soldiers in their performance under fire and how he could rally the troops and inspire them. Even as the first political parties were being formed, and animosity was rearing its head, and personal rancor was making its first appearances in our political history, Washington could, by either physical presence or word, bring everyone  together. No one else could have brought together Adams, Jefferson and Hamilton to make compromises and get agreements on matters of national interest. His influence was so great during those times, it is now hard to believe any one man could have been so influencial; plus, Washington usually made his presence known in the most quiet ways, and he influenced decisions while keeping his mouth shut at the same time. How could someone be in politics and pull that off? No one but Washington could have done it, and we, as a people, have forgotten how necessary he was to the success of our Revolution and our new form of representative government. And, as Brookhiser points out, some of the greatest service he did to the history of our country was to withdraw from his positions of power and leadership.  When the Revolution was over, and Washington was a national hero and virtually worshipped by all, he could have had any position, but he went to Congress and resigned his commission as Commander-in-Chief, saying simply that the job he had undertaken was completed. And he returned to Mount Vernon.  Later, after being drawn again into public service, with public and political adulation unceasing, he completed his 2nd term as President, and he announced in advance that he would be leaving office and returning to his home. By that time, 2 political parties had come into existence, but the leaders of both parties acknowledged that Washington, who had remained aloof from both parties, could have been elected to a 3rd term if he had any interest.  But Washington thought 2 terms was enough for anyone and that a proper republic should have changes in leadership on a regular basis.   Brookhiser has a very readable book, and the story moves along smoothly, and he retains our interest throughout. The only hesitation possible in reading this book is the author's last section, where he explores the concept of "fatherhood," and he delves into some psychology that isn't founded on fact here.  He keeps it interesting, but he skews away a bit from the historical facts about the Father of our Country. An A-1 read for anyone with any interest whatsoever in the beginnings of our country.     