 The author does a basically nice job of presenting conflicts and exploring possible resolutions, but in this book he has strayed too close to the side of unbelieveability. The hero, Barry Gilbert, a detective with the Metro Toronto Police, is dispatched to the death scene of a former big-time rock promotor, and he immediately recognizes the victim as the guy who ran off with the policeman's wife several years ago, and the wife and rock promotor ended up living for a time in France.  Then in very short order, considerable evidence piles up possibly linking the cop's wife (yes, the same one who ran off to France with the vile, crooked evil-doing rock guy) to the actual murder. But in spite of this significant personal involvement, and in the face of known physical evidence linking his wife to the murder scene, the detective remains, and is allowed to remain, on the case.  That should stretch every readers' imaginations just too far.  There probably isn't a major police force in the civilized world that would allow anyone with such a personal interest, and emotional involvement, to keep on working a murder case.  Well into the story, the author manages to finally have the authorities replace Barry as leader of the investigating team, but the delay is indefensible, even in a fictional story. Plus, even after his removal, the detective continues working the case, behind the scenes, but still very visible to other police authorities, and no one seems to mind very much that his actions could terminally contaminate any prosecution. In that regard, one of believeability, the story is seriously flawed. But on the plus side, the characters are largely interesting, and there is a definite Canadian feel to the story, and there is a fascinating look into the world of rock and roll through the investigation of former memebers of the big band that was the  major victim of the promotor's evil ways.  All the suspects are investigated in an entertaining way, but most readers will find it difficult to forget that the lead investigator shouldn't be there at all.     