 No, sorry, but this work isn't based on scholarly research as is suggested by the book's length and copious chapter notes. The author takes far too much liberty with established facts and well-established theories based on hundreds of years of research by many scholars, and he is far too willing to toss aside all precedent because of his "feelings" or some such ideas. His theories on the character of Henry's 5th wife, Catherine Howard, are a good example of the author's thinking.  It is well established that Catherine had engaged in significant intimacies during her teen-age years when she was living with the Dowager Dutchess of Norfolk, and these meetings and trysts were attested to by her roommates and friends of that time.  And, far worse, she met behind closed doors, during late night hours, with at least two men after she was married to King Henry, when everyone in the English-speaking world (as well as most of those in the French-speaking and Spanish-speaking worlds) knew such behavior would be considered treasonable.  Of course she was young, and she was encouraged in her misdeeds by both the 3rd Duke of Norfolk, her uncle, and Lady Rochford, because both of those relatives had their political motives regarding the King. But her behavior and deeds are well known to historians, and we might have to wonder what prompted the author to take a contrary view.  Did he uncover new documents?  Make a new translation of original papers? As to her behavior, he brushes that off by saying it was all due to her "...indiscriminate good nature..."  Is that what it's called?  Plus, he further dismisses her teen-age sexual licentiousness by making the bald, unsupported statement: "Many, even most, Tudor girls had similarly murky pasts."  But he does cite an "authority" for this view: Chapuys, the Spanish Ambassador to England.  He doesn't remind the reader that the Spainard was reporting to the King of Spain, who hated Henry because of Henry's treatment of Catherine of Aragon, who happened to be the Spanish King's aunt. As far as her later liaisons, which she tried keeping secret from King Henry, this author attributes all that long history to "Victorian prudes."  You don't have to be much of a scholar to know that Catherine Howard's misconduct and brazen behavior was well-documented long before there were any Victorians to write about it. These examples of the few aspects of this one wife show rather clearly the casual attitude this writer has toward established historical fact, and once such poor scholarship is demonstrated, it's difficult to take seriously rhe rest of his writing. Anyone interested in this fascinating period of history will be better served, and have a more enjoyable time, reading the histories of Alison Weir.  She does the proper work, and she has a very nice understanding of all aspects of that period, and her writing style is most enjoyable. If your reading time is limited, grab a Weir book first.     