 It's easy to say "politics as usual" after reading this book on the life nad politics of LBJ, but, believe it or not, this one will give you a glimpse of politics you wish you had never seen. LBJ has to have been the most sleazy man to ever hold the office of President of the US, and his records almost is beyond belief. But this author gives most of the names and dates, with all the connections, that show LJB was involved in a lifetime of crime, including bribery, extortion, influence-peddling of the worst kind, womanizing of the lowest kind, and then, worst of all, complicity in the murder of JFK. The writer has good credentials for his knowledge, since he worked for the Dallas law firm that represented LBJ's personal interests, and the senior partner for that firm served as LJB's personal bagman, as well as being the one who usually delivered the payments as well as the ultimatiums.  He went into that firm as a young guy after the JFK murder, but he was there for years, and he recounts how he learned the truth over a period of years, as the 2 senior men decided they could trust him to be quiet and keep the secrets. The author is rather self-serving in his denial of any duty to report crimes at the time, as he learned about them, and he rather akwardly tries to use the legal profession's canons of ethics as an excuse.  He repeatedly asserts that the "lawyer-client privilege" kept him from repeating any of this information, but he even relates examples where crimes were planned in advance, with the help of these lawyers, and he still tries to say that privilege protected everyone.  That is simply not true, and we have to wonder in surprise at his assertions, when the law is very clear that such privilege would not allow lawyers to conspire to commit crimes with immpunity. But it is an interesting story and one which should be read by every voter in the country. As to the main claim that LBJ participated in the murder of JFK, the writer even gives the name of the shooter who fired one of the fatal bullets (now dead of course), and he repeats the oft-heard claim that Oswald was a patsy.   The book could have been better edited, because in one section, he claims he knows who the other shooter was but says he has to await the development of further proof before actually naming him publicly.  But in a later section, he says the exact identify of the other shooter will never be known. But he gives details of where the 2 shooters of fatal bullets were stationed and the order of firing, etc., and he further explains their ability to escape by pointing out that LBJ's help allowed them to have false Secret Service credentials.  He also explains that the plan was for Oswald to be caught on the spot and shot and killed in a shoot-out with police, but that Oswald slipped away too quickly, to be apprehended a little later in a theater. He explains that Oswald fired 2 bullets at JFK, but that both missed their target, while the 2 real shooters both connected. Also pointed out by him is that 3 men (the 2 shooters and a look-out) were supplied with the false Secret Service credentials, but that only Oswald was not included in that part of the plan. You don't have to be a "conspiracy" buff to find his details interesting, so it is very worthwhile reading.  And even if the reader can't quite believe Vice-Pres. Johnson conspired to kill a sitting President, the full details of LBJ's life of thuggery and law-breaking are very believeable, with, as stated, considerable detail.  From stealing the Senate election of 1948 (and he names the man who illegally filled in the voters' registration lists of a particular Texas precinct so the total votes allegedly cast wouldn't exceed the number of registered voters) to the murder of a man who would have embarrassed LBJ with public revelations of the sister of LBJ, this list of crimes and wrong-doing goes beyond even what even the most cynical of us would have believed. As said, every voter should read this list of crimes and political excesses.     