 Here is the one book that needs to be read by anyone genuinely curious about what has caused the decline in interest in classical music worldwide.   The situation is probably worse in the US than other places, but there are world-wide trends at work, and this author explores all the causes.  Not only does he explore those causes in our own time, he has reseached the history of the recording industry to such an extent, you feel at times like you are reading a scholarly publication.  Then at other times, where the author actually names some of the names who have caused the decline of classical music and who cause this type music to be held in contempt by many, and abandoned by most others, you have the feel of reading a supermarket tabloid. The writer has researched all the pioneers in recording and radio, and he has seemingly interviewed all survivors of that era, as well as most participants in the current music scene, and there doesn't appear to be a stone unturned in his work. Many of the names will be unfamiliar to most readers, but the writer documents their contribution to both the rise and decline of classical music. And, as said, he actually names the names of some of the individual "stars" who have so abused the system, and the public trust, we have to wonder who in the world continues supporting such grasping, selfish, egomanical performers and agents, as well as some of the corporate owners and sponsors.  He even at one point names the world-famous conductor who apparently abuses children in his travels, and it's a wonder such a man can even cross international borders.  Such is the power of stardom, even in the world of classical music. As you can see, there are a multitude of causes for the decline of classical music, and this writer names them all. There is very little hope for the continuation of the presentaton of live concerts of any kind, outside the very largest cities, which are put on for the rich and elite, so the result is rather a somber review, but the author only presents the facts. However, there is slight hope, and he names the handful of alternatives that seem to be surviving, and sometimes expanding, the availability of good classical music. This has to be a "must" for anyone interested in either the history of classical music, and its ties with radio and the recording industry, or in its future. There is almost too much detail for some readers, but it needs to be there for a full understanding; in spite of the depth of the writer's research, he presents it in an interesting fashion, and there are many parts of the book which are very difficult to put down. If interested in this subject, rush out and get a copy now.     