 This is a very nice entry by a writer better known for his fiction, but this is a collection of "real adventure" stories, and White does a first-class job of describing some of his travels. The series of short stories relates the writer's adventures as he has traveled to remote, and some not so remote, places around the world, wherein he has been seeking adventure beyond that experienced by most of us in our everyday world.  As such, his stories will excite genuine interest and further curiosity on the part of readers who wish to know more about experiences in those areas denied to most of us. Most of his adventures are funny to read, although we can also understand some of them were definitely not funny at the time of the experience.  So we can vicariously enjoy travel to distant parts of the world, as well as the encounters with "foreign" cultures.  After all, even coon hunting in Ohio is foreign to most of us in our modern civilized world. Some readers will no doubt be unhappy at the "macho" aspect of some stories, but most men wish, in their hearts, for such adventures in far-away places, and those same men wish for exciting, even dangerous,  encounters without kids and womenfolk.  Well, not all the time, of course, but a time or two in their lives, and in this day and age, in the U.S., most men are denied even the occasional dangerous adventure. So, if we can't go to all those places, and encounter the wild and dangerous, we should be able to enjoy reading about them. And White provides some nice stories of such adventures he has taken. Most of his encounters have been short-term, frequently very brief, because he wrote them for a magazine and was on assignment, but, nonetheless, they are real, and we should enjoy whatever closeness these stories provide. As a matter of fact, one possible criticism of this work is that the stories are too short, really, and we wish White had been able to flesh them out and expand his impressions.  In several of the stories, we can feel the writer's rush, and compression of thoughts, as he has to comply with a magazine's demands and deadlines. But settle back for some visits to strange places, and odd characters, when you read White's stories. They are a lot of fun.     