 The author has put together a real mystery and one which can be savored as it is read.  The premise isn't Earth-shattering, but the writer does an exceptional job expanding the persona of his characters, and those in the forefront really come to life. The hero is a reporter for a small newspaper in the Fen region of England, adjacent to the famous old area known as The Wash, and he often wonders why he left the much better job on Fleet Street for this very small newspaper.  About the only thing he does is write small stories and spend part of every night sitting beside his wife, who is in a coma in the local hospital. Dryden is so wracked with the guilt of driving the car that plunged into a ditch filled with cold water, which was the cause of his wife's very sad condition. But then he gets to the scene of a similar event, and he watches as a car is pulled from icy water; but events take a sudden turn when police discovered a mutulated body inside.  Identification is going to take awhile, but before that case can even get moving, another body is discovered.  The 2nd body is found at the top of Ely Cathedral, wedged among battlements, but it is quite decomposed, and the first estimates are that the body has been there a very long time.  A bit later, they determine the body was that of a robbery suspect who disappeared in 1966.  And it has been there on that high roof all the time. As these unexpected events unfold, another bizarre twist developes when it turns out both bodies, the one representing a very recent murder, and the one over 30 yrs old, are connected. The reporter lets his natural curiosity take over, and he begins to pursue the killer himself; partly because he doubts the local police are working quite as hard as they should, and partly because of personal drive.  Plus, if he can uncover some facts unknown to the police, he can use those facts to barter for a look at the secret file on his auto accident. Many complications arise here, and the characters slide in and out of focus as his investigation continues, and as his work keeps intersecting that of the police.  And he seems to be keeping one step ahead of the police, much to their annoyance. Altogether, this is a real mystery and one that will keep most readers guessing and pressing forward with their reading as they try to reach some understanding of all events here. The publisher says this is this author's first book, and it contains so many details and is so well-thought-out that the author must have been thinking of this for a very long time. In addition to the good mystery, this is a must for any mystery-loving Anglophile because there is much use of the English language that is "foreign" to most US readers, and that new language, plus the considerable detail of the weather, terrain, and history of the fen country, will be most satisfying.  No editor re-worked the author's language to make it more American. Many of this cast of characters will stay with the reader quite a long time.  Very highly recommended.     