 This might seem like another "conspiracy" book, but this author has a unique perspective in that he worked in the Dallas law firm that represented LBJ for many years, so he is able to unveil the sad truth about that President unlike other writers. He entered the firm about the time LBJ's political career  was ending, but as the senior partner came to trust him, and as he worked directly with the second-senior partner, he came to learn many, many secrets about how LBJ operated and how he achieved his political position. This writer does, indeed, know where the bodies are buried, and he names the names of judges, prosecutors and business leaders who took bribes to cover up LBJ problems and crimes, as well as who illegally advanced his career.  From the well-known stolen Senate election of 1948, where he tells exactly who crept in at night to add names to a precinct's polling book so the votes counted wouldn't exceed the possible number of voters, on through the murder of a man who might have exposed some unsavory facts about LBJ's sister, to the most famous murder in modern times, that of President Kennedy. LBJ's character is shown perfectly for what he was; the  lowest of sleazy politicians, who stopped at literally nothing to advance his own fortunres and career. Even in the matter of the murder of a man who ran around with LBJ's sister, and who threatened to expose her personal habits, LBJ wasn't worried about his sister at all, but how the bad publicity might reflect on him and his ambitions. As to the Kennedy murder, many theories abound, but this author supplies significant details of interest.  Basically, he says that Oswald was, in fact, set up as a patsy, as Oswald claimed immediately after he was apprehended by the Dallas PD, and he relates the activities of the man recruited by LBJ's lawyer to eliminate JFK, and the other 2 men who were at the scene of the JFK murder and who participated. This book would have benefited from a little better editing. For example, the author names the man who was recruited to shoot JFK, and gives many details of his history and movements, and he then, early on, suggests he knows the name of the other shooter of a fatal bullet, but that he can't quite name him right now, and he is waiting on a little further proof.  But that it will be forthcoming.  Then, unhappily, later in the book, the author plainly says the identity of the other shooter, the man on the grassy knoll, will never be known.  So, which is it? But he still has so many details, anyone interested in that chapter in our history will want to read what he has to say. And the writer tries a little too hard to distance himself from any possible wrongdoing with his frequent claims of attorney-client privilege.  He even reports that his partners learned details of serious crimes in advance, but that they, and later he, were prevented from revealing any of those facts by virtue of that legal privilege.  Baloney.  Attorney ethics do not allow a lawyer who learns facts of a crime in advance to keep quiet and cover up the crime.  Such action makes the lawyer part of a criminal conspiracy or, at least, an accessory before the fact. Now some attorneys do, in fact, cover up crimes, but that is now ethically permitted, and the attorney-client privilege does not apply to protect either the attorney or the client. It is hard to believe an attorney would make such assertion, but the writer seems to be trying to distance himself from any possible charge of wrongdoing. But this is still interesting reading, and it is definitely a "must" for anyone curious about what happened to JFK and why. Such interested people will have to read this first-hand account of the facts of the conspiracy.     