 Yes, this is a very serious work, with more detail than average readers will be able to absorb, but the author puts those details together to make an interesting story. The story is that one of the czars of Russia, Alexanader I, who ruled in the early 19th century, did not really die at age 48, while staying in southern Russia for the health of his wife. The "Legend," which according to the author is wide-spread in Russia to this day, and was widely accepted through the 1800s, is that the Czar was so unhappy and depressed, he wanted to withdraw from his ruling position and live the simple life of a peasant. He asserts that the legend is true, and that the Czar disappeared, with the knowledge and connivance of his family and its highest advisors, and that he appeared many years later as a lone spiritualist, devoted to the church and "ordinary" people. The author, who descends from a princely royal family himself, says he heard the legend from childhood, and that one of his ancestors was part of Russian history in that period, has done a lot of thinking, and much work, on this subject.  He says the basis for the legend, and the actual disappearance of the czar, is that Alexander participated in a palace coup that displaced his father, Czar Paul I, and that as part of the coup, the rebels killed Alexander's father, and that Alexander suffered from guilt thereafter, which led to his depression and unhappiness with his life. That part of the story seems to be factual, and it is well- documented, as is much of the story. However, the conclusions, about the voluntary disappearance of Czar Alexander, and his reappearance years later as a religious figure, is, at bottom, based on conjecture.  And this is where "scholarship" fails the author.  However much he speculates, he is still left with speculation, and no quantity of rumor and theory, over however many years, changes that one fact: there is no fact available to support the theory propounded here. So, in a sense, it is an interesting story, with much fact, but the reader has to accept that much of the conclusion is not based on fact at all.  The author does not try to disguise his methods and theories, and he honestly presents his conclusions for what they are: speculation, with the hope and expectation that he will be proven correct. The writer hopes proper authorities in Russia will permit scientific testing, through DNA analysis, of the remains of the body in the tomb of Alexander I, the body of the lowly religious figure presumed to be the real czar, and that of a  known member of the royal family whose linage can be traced to the family of the czars of Russia. The author, for example, puts considerable emphasis on the fact that there are inconsistencies in the reports of the condition of the body following the death in 1825, and doctors present at the autopsy made different notes on some aspects of that work, and the fact that the royal family at the time did not permit public viewing of the body, etc., but considering the time, when medical science was still comparatively primitive, and the fact that the death occured in a very distant, out-of-the-way area of rural Russia, and none of the doctors available were experienced in autopsy procedures, the inconsistencies cited are not very formitable.  Many of the author's conclusions in favor of his theory are based on similar thin facts, such as the fact that there are writings of the time based on theory and legend.  The fact that someone wrote something down in 1825, or shortly thereafter, doesn't make that writing true; writing down a rumor doesn't make it true, whatever the time frame. As noted above, the author is not trying to cover up his methods, so we appreciate his honesty and earnestness in presenting his theories, but we have to realize, as stated, his conclusions are based on theory and conjecture, not fact. But there is a mystery here, and the author suggests it can be solved once and for all by Russian authorities by testing and analysis, so he makes a good case for those further procedures. The results of those tests would be very interesting, indeed. Interesting reading for the serious student of that part of history, as long as the distinction between fact and theory is properly maintained at all times.     