 This is a first-rate thriller about a mixture of cultures and time periods, as an art-restorer/Israeli agent is sent to Switzerland to restore a fine old master for an aging Swiss banker, only to find him shot dead in the middle of a very secret inner vault that is also very empty of paintings. Before the restorer can get away, he is nabbed by the Swiss federal police and subjected to a very detailed questioning that raise questions themselves.  The restorer, then in the guise of an Israeli agent, then has to meet up with the reclusive, but brilliant violinist who is the dead banker's daughter, and the fun begins. While those two are fencing with each other about the dead banker and his secrets, they bump into much larger secrets, including those of the relationship between the Third Reich and the Swiss government and their closed banking society during the WWII period, and they discover that the secrets of that era continue onto modern Switzerland. But as the restorer, Gabriel, tracks backward in time to learn just what the old banker had hidden in his inner vault, he bumps into "The English Assassin" who has started killing off Garbiel's contacts and informants. This thriller does a nice job of presenting complex questions and moving the mystery forward at a nice pace.  In addition, the author intervweaves considerable mystery about the real, historical association between Nazi leaders of the '30s and '40s and various leaders and bankers of Switzerland of that era, as well as some considerable efforts by the present Swiss authorities to cover up that prior association.  He presents information suggesting the Swiss cooperated with known Nazi war criminals and murderers for the sake of plain profit, and his foray into history is at least as interesting as his fictional conflict. The author does a very credible job of handling all the mysteries and characters; he makes them interesting and real, and the reader will definitely want to keep reading to learn how everything turns out. The only reason we might not rate this as a "5-star" read is the overly-convenient ending that has long-time enemies, and their masters, suddenly, and without good reason, working toward the same goals and adopting a "forgive and forget" approach to basis of their animosities.  So the ending is a  bit too slick and easy, but, nonetheless, this is a good story and well worth reading.     