 Author Dale Brown always writes a solid story, and it is crammed with technical details that most readers will have to actually study in order to follow his story-line.  If a reader tries to skim through this one, he will lose most of the feeling, and his time will be largely wasted.  Brown's books  are meant to be delved into, and some time is required.  His books would benefit from a glossary of terms, because so much military jargon is used. In this one, the heroes, US military men, some current, some with that in their background, have to fight a lackluster US President while they engage some Russian thugs intent on cornering a large portion of the non-Arab oil in the world. The Russian is a modern Russian mafia-type, who is a murderer who is enthralled by the concept of more and more power, and all the money he can corner.  He has been a "white-slaver," drug lord, enforcer, and all that is bad, but he has also been successful in making much money and being able to bribe officials of many countries on a large scale.  His scheme is to use geopolitics on a world scale, with all that extremely large bribes and the promise of more, and to get access to several former Soviet republics so he can built a very long, protected, oil pipe line, so he can sell oil to Western Europe and corner that market. He is so ruthless and without scruples, he attracts the attention of the new-age US warriors, who have to use the very latest in US weapons, including those not officially in use by the US military.  Those new warriors dazzle their opponents with modern technology unknown to most, including the reader, but the author makes it all very interesting.  We keep wanting to learn more about the most modern weapons being developed, because we hope our US forces will actually have such weapons available for their use in the near future. Brown has a lot of access to the most up to date information, so perhaps his writing forecasts the future of weaponry. An interesting story with a lot of detail that moves along and keeps the readers' interests.     