 The action takes place in the Peak District of England, and the author does a superb job of conveying the moods of that district in particular and of rural English life in general. Here, there is an especially sad and life-like story of a young college girl who disappeared 2 years before the story begins, and her parents cannot bring themselves to even consider the possibility she might be dead.  They always expect her to return, and they keep all of her things just as she left them, so she can walk right back and take up where she was when she left.  They pester their neighbors and the police almost constantly, trying to goad them into further investigations, and to further search their memories.  To the police, the case is too old, but then, suddenly, the girl's bloody cell phone is found near her home, and both the parents and the police come alive with fresh hope.  At least, for some resolution of the case. Ben, the Det.Constable, in a different case, gets transferred, on a temp. basis, to the Rural Crime Squad, and he has to repeatedly question some reclusive, suspicious people, who are all part of the same family.  And they are among the most close-mouthed and uncooperative people he has ever had to question.  And nothing he does makes any impression on them. So while his sometime-friend, and superior, Diane, the Det.Sgt., investigates the old case of the missing student, Ben slogs along working on his moody, suspicious clan.  And neither are making any progress, and more questions arise than can be answered. One of the student's flatmates, an old local friend, turns up murdered near the village Ben is working, and that victim has a blackened face to go along with his crushed skull, and both Diane and Ben start working on the same suspects. The matter of Diane's missing sister is presented in snipets throughout this book, and that may be a distracting factor to some readers.  It doesn't seem to advance any of the mystery story, and, somehow, it doesn't engage many readers. But, overall, this is an interesting story in the best tradition of the English village mystery, and the author does a nice job of bringing all the threads of the various stories together in a solid, entertaining fashion.     