 No, this may not be Leonard's best work, but that isn't a criticism at all.  His "average" work outshines nearly any other on the market today, and his dialogue continues to be the absolute best.  When you read what the low-lifes or Detroit cops are saying in his books, this one included, you can be sure it is about like being right there in the middle of that conversation.  And he makes us feel like we are part of it. Plus, he has the ability to give us more to think about with his hints of action than most authors can whip up in many chapters of writing. In this one, the older, retired "Mr. Paradise" gets such a kick out of watching old U.of M. football games (only the ones they won of course) on video at home, with a real live bouncing cheerleader adding to his enjoyment, he pays his favorite so  much she can afford to quit all other business, and she becomes his regular.  But in order to liven things up, the regular cheerleader prods her roommate, another beautiful young model, to join her in a one-time performance. But Mr. Paradise has a couple of employees who have some ideas about enjoying some of the wealth, and through a mix-up on dates, when the two roommate cheerleaders are at his home, 2 "workingmen" hit men invade the house to kill Paradise, but then quickly decide to shoot Chloe, the favorite, just because she is there and in the way. Everybody quickly developes a plan of their own on how they might share in the wealth, and one of the household employees prevails on the surviving roommate, Kelly, to assume the identify of Chloe, so she can claim some big, rich legacy Mr. Paradise promised her. But the lead investigator, Frank Delsa, knows something is not adding up, and he quickly gets some idea what is going on, and he decides to play along to see just what the scam is.  He questions the witnesses and others, and they start acting out their parts, so Frank has to wait a little longer to try to reel in all the bad guys. But, of course, he is a lonely widower, and he practically can't take his eyes off Kelly, so all the while he suspects her of some part in the crime, he fantisizes about what it would be like to have such a beautiful, sensitive creature as his girl-friend. With that conflict, Elmore is off and running, and he brings in additional characters, including some very seriously-warped gangbangers, and the characters slide in and out of the action, and he keeps us wondering just what part each will play at the end. There is plain crime, stupid crime and criminals, off-beat characters, and some loveable characters as well here, and the author gives us a very nice time while reading this latest book.     