 A very full story, indeed, of one of our greatest Founders, Benjamin Franklin.  The author covers his entire life, from when his parents came to the American Colonies, until slightly after his death, and most of that time, Franklin was serving his country.  He served it when it consisted of a handful of independent colonies, and even his home, Pennsylvania, was ruled by a "proprietor" rather than a Royal Governor, through detailed involvement with our American Revolution, and then participation in establishing both the credit and diplomatic status of the new USA.   The author traces how, even in his own time, Franklin fortunes were both up and down, as he particpated in the political processes, and then how, over the years since, his fortunes also bounced up and down through the years as the political and business climate changed.  But Franklin has always been there for us, whether writing to inspire new Colonists to achieve their best, to imploring the English Parliament to treat their American Colonies with better respect and to include them as equal partners in the British Empire, to "sweet-talking" the French into loaning money to a bankrupt new nation. At a time when the future of the American Revolution was hanging in the balance, and all nations were waiting to see how the war for independence would work out, it was Franklin who kept working on influencing the French to aid us, and it was Franklin who made all the rounds in Paris, talking to scientists, diplomats, businessmen and royal ministers at a time when the French Foreign Minister was telling Congress to withdraw John Adams from France, and when no one wanted to help our fledging efforts.  Only Franklin devoted so many years of his life to our cause, spending 10 years in England trying to convince the English politicians to draw the Colonies into the fold of the Empire, rather than push them away, and it was Franklin who shortly thereafter, when the Revolution actually began, crossed the Atlantic once again to France, where he spent more years convincing the French to aid the US both militarily and economically. The author points out it was only Franklin who had the amiability, wit and solid reputation to withstand personal and political attacks while continuing to work on behalf of his nation. Unhappily, the author spends a bit too much time judging some of Franklin's actions and life by today's standards, when such doesn't seem appropriate at all, but then he rescues himself by including at the end of his book his assessment that Franklin was without equal in his life of service to the Colonies and his new nation. He also points out that when the Constitutional Convention convened, and Franklin was in his 70s (and participants noted he seemed to sleep a lot), only Franklin and Geo.Washington had the reputation and standing to cause other delegates to sometimes re-think positions and to compromise so that the vital Convention would go forward and not break down in disharmony. The author also quotes several times from the famed biography of John Adams by McCullough, and he does a nice job of presenting contrasting opinions of those two giants, where they disagreed strongly at times, and he also reconciles those seemingly-opposing views.  He valuably shows us how Franklin and Adams were able to keep working toward the same great goals, even when they disagreed with each other. John Adams was very intemperate in his criticisms of Franklin, and this author very nicely explains how and why Franklin never reactly strongly against Adams. This book also delves into the strong political opposition to Franklin brought by the influencial Lee family from Virginia, and how Franklin handled all that difficulty. Also covered, with great interest, is Franklin's relations with his son, William, and his grandchildren.  Most readers will have to wonder how Benj. was able to distance himself from son William when the son remained loyal to the British crown and later settled in England, while Benjamin fought against the crown with all his ability.  It was a very strained family relationship and one that deserves to be understood. As noted, the author does a fine job of putting everything together at the end of this book, where he puts Franklin in proper historical context, and he then explores Franklin's legacy through his writings, his friends and family, and how they fared after his life ended. There is considerable detail here, and the student of history will be well rewarded by reading this book.     