 Although the stories in this book cannot be accepted as "gospel," because they are from an old man who was a participant in some of the worst atrocities in modern history, it needs to be read by anyone interested in the history of the USSR. The subject, Lazar Kaganovich, was, indeed, the "wolf of the Kremlin," as he was the one man Stalin could count on to "solve" problems being caused anywhere in the USSR.  Kaganovich could be counted on by Stalin to take any and all steps necessary to get rid of problems, because he always knew what Stalin wanted, and he had carte blanche to effect those wishes.  He was truly one of the most bloodthirsty henchmen Stalin had, at a  time and place when many men were competing with each other to be be just that, and who were apparently willing to do anything to further their own careers.  Kaganovich would be counted on to arrest anyone, execute anyone, bury anyone, or ship off to the Gulug anyone who stood in Stalin's way. The book is based on the author's family history, and he did visit his aged relative in Moscow, but the results of that interview are sketchy and, as said, must be read with skepticism.  Even when the old Stalinist was elderly and living on his pension in a large apartment bldg in Moscow, he was still afraid of the truth, and he didn't even want to visit with, and talk to, his relative from the U.S. Any study of Stalin and his crimes have to include reference to Kaganovich, and that the man survived to even tell his story, even in a very sanitized form, is a testament to his strength and cunning.   One explanation of Kaganovich's bloodthirstiness, and willingness to do the worst, is that he was always afraid for his own life.  His fear was especially strong because he was Jewish, and Stalin was famously paranoid, and his hatred of Jews was well-known and documented.  The theory is that Kaganovich was therefore, in his strong desire to show he was not Jewish first and foremost, willing to to to any lengths necessary to impress Stalin that he was truthworthy.  No job was too dirty, too low, or too vicious for Kaganovich, and he performed them all throughout his life. Even his relative's viewpoint can't hide that fact. But the man was at the side of Stalin during his entire reign, and he deserves to be studied. Even allowing for this book to be less than 100% accurate, because of the limited and self-serving sources, it is still fascinating to students of terror specifically, and the USSR  in general.     