 Often when one thinks of "old" books the ideas of sex, violent murder, evoking the powers of hell, incest, unbridled lust, rape, and transvestites are not what come to mind. However, all of these are in The Monk.  This is a book that was viewed as incredibly scandalous, and even today this view still holds up.   There are two main plots in this book; first there is the story of the monk who is known for never having given in to temptation or sin.  His protg revels that he is a women and she is in love with him, the monk.  The monk withstands her advances, but we see that in his thoughts she is present.  Finally he gives in and they...repeatedly.  She, Matilda, opens to him a world of passion, and lust, which he enters with great gusto.  After a while the monk grows tired of this women and when he sees the young girl, Antonia, a girl of extreme innocence who is said to have been created by god in the image of an angel, he is completely overwhelmed with feelings and decides he must have her.  He tries at first by simply seducing her, but her mother enters and teaches her daughter, hitherto ignorant of such acts, that this is wrong.  Back to our monk who is now very put out, Matilda says she will help him, as she actually does love him to the point where she will do anything to help him. As it turns out Matilda has power over the evil spirits, and she has pledged her soul to the devil.  She gets the devil to help the monk by giving him a spell that will open any door and make everyone sleep.  This will allow him to enter Antonia's room, do what he wants, and the next morning she will know she was raped, but not by whom.   This plan fails and then the monk must try other, more horrid ways of getting at this young woman.   The second story is that of Don Raymond and Agnes.  These two are in love, but by a series of mishaps have been separated and Agnes is in a convent of St. Clair.  One night these two `give into their passions' and the result is Agnes is pregnant.  Our monk finds this out and tells the head of the convent, who severely punishes Agnes by locking her up with the intention of killing her.  To make matters more complicated Agnes' brother, who is in love with Antonia, knows that Agnes is in the convent and has an order from the church to release her from her vows.  The head of the convent tells him that his sister is dead, which he does not believe. Thus the brother and Don Raymond will have to save Agnes quickly. If ever you wanted to know what happens when you throw a bleeding nun, a wandering Jew, the devil, a monk with a huge sex drive, a cross-dressing protg, a girl of extreme innocents, an evil prioress, and a gipsy who see the future into one book this is defiantly the book for you.       