 I received this book as a birthday present, having earned the reputation as being one of the largest Jane Austen fans in existence, at the age of 14 I knew Pride and Prejudice better then the back of my hand, having read the book more then 25 times, and since then many more.  Austen's other books I, no doubt, no as well as the back of my hand, I just happen to give preference to Pride and Prejudice. When I was given this book, I was expecting more talk of Austen's books and more intertwining of their plots with those of Fowler's.  The main problem with this book is just that. I, and I am sure many others, pick this book up to hear about Austen, and Austen's brilliant characters, however this is not the object of this novel.  This is a book about Fowler's characters.  She wants us to care about her characters not about Elizabeth Bennet, Emma Woodhouse, and Marianne Dashwood, and Austen's other great characters.  This brings me to the next problem, which relates to this previous one, and that is that the characters of Fowler's creation can not stand up to those of Austen's, since 'Against giants even great mortals look small.' While Fowler's characters are not bad, they are not great, they are all to particular, to extreme, to 'unique', these traits, usually desirable in characters, in Fowlers case one must say that there is to much of a good thing.  All her characters come of a flat. Overdone.  And unbelievable.  They already have a hard task set before them; to live up to Austen's followers' expectations of characters is difficult, but not unachievable.  These characters do not make it. Indeed they are still miles away from it.  Apart from the characters faults, the writing itself is awkward and uneven.  At times she seems to have got it and then within a page she has once again dropped the thread, this creates difficulties in the reading.  I would not recommend the purchase of this book. If you really must read it, wait till your library gets it.  However, I would recommend that your time would be far better spent rereading Jane Austen herself.  Since this book provides no real discussion of Austen's books, read them for your self and then discus them with someone.  You will get far more out of it, and it will be much more enjoyable.        