 Something Rotten is the fourth book in the Thursday Next series.  The book opens with her still in the book world, two years after the end of the last book.  Thursday is getting tired of the book world and begins to want to go back to the real world.  So she takes a sabbatical for an unlimited time, as the council will not let her retire as they like her two much.  Once back in the real world with Hamlet in tow, she must face questions about where she was for the past two years, everyone assumes that she was in prison.  The government in the real world is at a state of turmoil, a really right wing party, lead by the fictional man Kaine, is trying very hard to get into power, and Goliath has become a religion, but still maintains its power and such as in the previous books.  This party has decided to blame the countries problems on the Danes, i.e. people from Denmark, thus Thursday having Hamlet with her are not exactly a positive.  The government is burning all Danish books and other activities targeted at this group. Then it is revealed that Goliath is becoming a religion to avoid a prophecy made by a 13th century saint, which says that if Swindon Mallets win the croquet finals then Goliath will fall.  It is important to note that the Mallets are not only a terrible team, but also since Goliath does not want to risk falling, other teams are buying all their tolerable players.  To make matters worse, if the team does not win the world will end.  Thursday's husband is still gone, but Thursday is trying throughout the book to get him back to stay.  There is much more in this book then the simple plot lines illustrated above, it is truly a remarkable book, with many layers and subplots, and hidden literary references.  Also Fforde plays with our notion of time more so then in the previous books, and makes one question what the present actually is and how it fits in with the timeline of our life.  Once again in this book we see how one's death and the end of one's life are not actually the same thing.  Much of the book revolves around the notion of death, and what it means to have a near death experience.  The reasons why the book lost the .5 it did was because certain plot elements are not really explained, the only example I will give is that Goliath eventually brings back Landen, but we never really are given a reason why.  However the book is an incredible achievement and I would highly recommend this book, it truly is a one of a kind read and will make you think, I guarantee it, however it still feels like pure fun.         