 I bought this exersaucer when my son was 5 months old and had enough head control for an upright toy. We already had a jumperoo that I had received as a gift, but it looked like my son was not really that interested in it,I really wanted something that would entertain my son for a bit so I could have a few minutes to do something I thought an exersaucer (with so many more toys than the jumperoo) would be even more fun. I also felt that the exersaucer would be a bit easier for him to use at first since at its lowest setting it's lower than the jumperoo and therefore better for slightly smaller children.  At first, the bright colors  were a bit overwhelming to him.he would stay in it for a little while then start crying .Not wanting to pack and return this heavy item i would put him everyday in it for a minute or two then gradually working up to 10mins a day. By the age of 9 mths my son started playing in this saucer and would stay up to 45mins playing with it.My son was particularly interested in the spin wheel with little balls in it also the car with a horn on the top.He also liked the small rubber soft toys that hang and would chew on them. By 10mths he was rocking the saucer vigorously and seemed to enjoy that a lot.  As for assembly and storage, the exersaucer is slightly different than  the jumperoo or the aquarium cradle swing, and I've found it much easier to move from room to room than either the jumperoo or cradle swing. It also easily collapses into a relatively flat circle, which makes it good to pop in the car and take along as a portable entertainer. Assembly was easy except for installing the lower (green) legs into the yellow base.  Overall, I highly recommend this exersaucer. It is not that expensive as compared to the other ones out there and with the frequent Toy's R us coupons drop the price down furthar.These items also have great reasale value and I have found I can easily recoup most of the price of items like these  later on by reselling it.Great for keeping baby's attention while you cook or clean etc I would say if you have the extra cash to spare get this item you won't regret it.....     