   Pros Sturdy and dependable  Cons H-E-A-V-Y!!  The Bottom Line The Kitchen Aid KSM150PS Artisan Series 5-Quart Mixer is not only dependable but works well too. What more can you ask for?   I obviously knew this was not a lightweight machine the first time I lifted it but was surprised to read it weighed 30 pounds!   Therefore, this is not a machine that I drag out to mash some potatoes. I do however use it when I make bagels, breads and large batches of cookies. If I kept it out on the counter full time I might use it for more daily uses but I have counters that have hidden storage cupboard and so I just slip it in there. Even that close, I tend to use the little portable for the smaller jobs.   * 325 watts of mixing power  This heavy-duty transmission delivers even when mixing large batches of heavy doughs. I have yet to have it not be able to mix any amount or any consistency of dough.   * Solid base  The 5 rubber feet not only keep it well grounded but protect the countertop as well. Although it comes with the 5-quart bowl it can also accommodate the 3 and 4 1/2-quart bowls. This really is solid and I have never had it move on the counter while mixing.   * Tilt-back head  I like this feature as not only gives easy access to the bowl and beaters but gives me one less piece to misplace!   * 10-speeds  With the large range of settings it is easy to get the perfect mixing action. It has a unique mixing action that moves the beater clockwise while the shaft moves counter clockwise pattern in the stationary mixing bowl. It really does mix really well and never leaves any "unmixed" ingredients behind.   * 3 attachment choices  You get a wire whisk, flat beater and dough hook. They are all heavy, oversized, attach on and off easily and are dishwasher safe. I have read where people say they are not but mine have ran through the dishwasher at least 75 times and are no worse off for it. You can also purchase an assortment of other attachments (such as a grinders and pasta rollers)that attach right on to the mixer but, I don't have any of them.   * 5-quart-capacity bowl  The large stainless steel bowl is easy to get on and off the base. It has an ergonomically designed handle (contoured to fit the hand) which makes lifting and moving the bowl easier. This is such a cool bowl and so easy to handle, even my youngest can move it around without spilling!   * Pouring Shield  This is a 2-piece pouring shield to help prevent splash out but I haven't had much luck using it. My advice would be to  skip this, it's more trouble than it's worth.    NOT JUST BLACK OR WHITE   The Kitchen Aid KSM150PS Artisan Series 5-Quart Mixer comes in 12 colors! I cannot imagine that a lot of people buy the pistashio or tangerine colors, but how cool would that be if that went with your kitchen! Mine is the chrome and fits in really well in my kitchen which has black appliances The mixers all have silver trim except the first two as noted. They are nice enough looking to keep on your counter and with all the different colors, sure to match everyone's kitchen!   This is a wonderful, sturdy and dependable mixer. It comes with a two year warranty and it would be hard to find a better mixer for the price or one with so many color choices.   As I stated above, I don't use the Kitchen Aid KSM150PS Artisan Series 5-Quart Mixer on a daily basis but I have used it to make two loaves of bread at a time and triple batches of cookies over and over and it has been problem free each time!   If you are a person (or live with one) that does A LOT of baking or bread making from scratch, this mixer would be a good investment as it should last for many years.   On the other hand, if you do mostly light mixing and use a bread maker to make your bread, I'd say it is just too much money to spend and stick with a portable one.   Off to use this wonderful machine to make a triple batch of sugar cookies with chocolate chunks and tons of nuts :-)                