  I do not intend to go into great detail or the specifics of this DVD.  These are well documented elsewhere. As yet another huge Jimi Hendrix fan (of which there are still several million, even after forty years,) I enjoyed watching this performance.    The sound and Eddie Kramers' remix is as good as can be expected for this time period.  The film (source material) shows limitations, mostly scratches and dirt, but again it still looks mostly clear and beautiful for it's age.  It isn't choppy looking like the Woodstock footage is.  The color is beautiful, and the cameras do some really nice close up and pan work.  Kudos to the director for that.  Add to that, they give Mitch and Billy more camera time than is usual.  They don't just focus on Jimi, who of course IS the center of attention.  I like that about this footage.  I know I will take some knocks for what I am about to say, and I'm really not trying to put anyone down either, but I have to wonder if some of you reviewers were watching the same concert.  I love Jimi's music as much as any fan can but let's face it folks, Jimi is not at his best during this concert, and wishful thinking won't make it so.  As a former musician myself, I know that there are good nights and bad ones, for whatever reason.  Often the harder you try to make it right (as Jimi clearly was) the worse it gets.  You can't control it, that's just the way it is.  It appears to me like he spent most of his time trying to get in the groove, being conflicted about something and keeping his guitars in tune.  He is preoccupied, probably with the pressures of fame, money and an unfinished album that he really would've rather been working on than to be at this show. There are good moments, where he sees the "opening," and not so good ones where it seems to elude him.   And this is through most of the show.  Ironically when the audience calls for the old standards, Jimi makes a joke: "You don't want to hear those old songs, do you?"  Complaining that he is moving on from the Purple Haze era.  Yet this seems to be where he finds his groove... late into the show.  There are missed lyrics when it seems that Jimi would rather just play the guitar, and missed notes where you can see his frustration.  St. Pepper and God Save the Queen, as well as All Along the Watchtower are all abbreviated versions because it this frustration.  He simply gives up and stops the band.  As I have said, I enjoyed watching this but his preoccupation was also a distraction throughout.   To reviewer Stuart Hartley:  Those radio noises that you think are glitches ("Security control.  Security control...") are actually an intentional part of the song, "Machine Gun."  Listen to the studio version(s) and you will see.  On the other hand, Mitch and Billy are "on."  Mitch especially shows his prowess as an excellent drummer through several solos.  And Billy is a solid a bassist as there is.  Nothing earth-shattering mine you, just solid.  I would recommend this video/movie to any fan of Jim's.  It's great to see him perform even under these circumstances, but I would never use it to try and convince someone who is not already a fan that Jimi was among the very best.  Jimi lived to play and create.  He was an artist, with an artists' soul, eccentricities and quirks, but even the great ones have off moments.      