 When you consider that you could buy four and a half of these for one of those "yellow" branded tools, and that Skil is a Bosch subsidiary, it kinda' puts things in perspective.  OK, so the yellow brand is an excellent professional tool, but for most of us in the real world this Skil will do just fine. My wife bought mine as a gift to me almost three years ago when my old corded drill took a powder.  I have to admit that I was disappointed when I saw the brand she had chosen.  After all, what do most women know about tools, huh?  But after that time it has helped me build a deck, put up doors and moulding, and numerous other projects, and it is an indispensable staple in my workshop.  I hardly know what a regular screwdriver looks like anymore.   And I don't have to tell most of you what a convenience the cordless feature is. Since then I have purchased an 18 volt Skil combo pack containing a 1/2" drill and 5-3/8" circular saw and I am just as happy with this purchase.   (Four Amazon Stars) My drill/driver has the now older 5 position (plus lockup) clutch which I personally find useless in anything but "5" or the lockup position, but it does have enough power to twist your arm off if you get caught off guard, so be careful!! Also mine doesn't have the built in stud finder, or work light that is the current (but useful) gimmick.  As a left-hander I find it comfortable to use with either hand. I would like Skil to include an extra battery and perhaps the one hour charger in place of the three hour version that is standard.  Mine died, but I suspect it's because it was plugged in most of the time.  Replacement batteries can be hard to find too, but not impossible.  I now have five of them from several different sources, including the original which has seen better days.   I've found them to be between $...-$...depending on the source. That's not bad by comparison. Read and follow their very complete instructions for handling of the batteries and chargers.  It's good information to get the maximum life out of both.  And, unlike me, UNPLUG THE CHARGER WHEN NOT IN USE!! If you have a little more to spend, get the combo pack.  Two tools, two batteries and the one hour charger, plus carrying case for about twice as much, but worth it.  Both are an excellent deal if you ask me.     