  We bought this coffee maker several months ago and it has worked as a coffee maker should since then but not w/o some annoying problems.  Here is the good and the bad as I see it:  1. As many have stated, the carafe is just great!!  After years of carafes that drip this one is perfect.  NO DRIPS!!  It's about time. Unfortunately it is also not heavy enough for B&D's interrupt ("sneak-a-cup") feature.  After several mishaps, and some trail and error, I cut a few loops from the spring and don't have that problem anymore but I also don't trust that this feature will work w/o allowing coffee to drip from the basket to the warming plate either. We now consider this feature a wash out.  I think B&D could and should do better with this one.  2. Our house has wood "crown" moldings at the bottom of our cabinets.  This means our cabinets extend down a little lower than some ( 1/2-3/4") and we therefore have some problems with the height of this unit.  It does fit underneath... barely, but has to be pushed past the molding. You may want to consider this if you have this type of kitchen cabinets.  3. I find that pouring the water into the unit to be a little difficult, though not impossible.  It can be kinda' tight in there and I have occasionally poured, or spilled, cold water into the filter basket.  But, as one other reviewer has stated, I like the fact that there aren't any plastic screens, etc. for water to splash off of.    4. We like the program feature though living in a rural area we lose power from time to time.  The clock has little tolerance for that and needs to be reset at the shortest of power interruptions (<1 sec.) It seems that a small capacitor in the power supply would solve this problem.  Overall, and so far, this has been a good coffee maker and one we are not sorry for purchasing.  After looking, and considering, much more expensive units I think this may be the best of both worlds, but as I stated, not w/o it's own set of annoyances.  I hope you find this review helpful, and good luck with your own dreams.      