  My wife wanted a tiller for Christmas this past year, so after some research I got this one for her. At the time it seemed the best overall choice, within our budget (well...sort of, but did I mention she is my wife?) and I was going on the Troy-Bilt name/reputation.  Was I ever wrong...  First the good. This is not my tradition but what the heck.  Besides, it's a short list:  1. The B&S 6.0 HP engine is a dream to start and has power to burn.  It also seems to be pretty easy on gas.  Now the bad (See, I told you it was a short list):  1. On last years model (this one) the tines turn in the SAME direction as the driven wheels, and at TWICE THE SPEED.  Can you guess what happens when you run into some tough soil or rocks?  That's right.  The tines dig in, the front lifts up and the drive wheels lose traction.  If you've ever wondered how an Astronaut feels during a launch, I can tell you from experience.   This thing is DANGEROUS for all but the most mighty and skilled!!!  In the first half hour I managed to till about 25 sq.ft. down only about an inch and completely exhaust myself in the process.  And my wife is supposed to use this thing???? "I don't think so, Tim."  2. There is no neutral in the transmission. In fact, there IS only one gear in the transmission.  "Power reverse" is accomplished though a belt and pulley system that fools the transmission into thinking it's going forward.  To put the machine in "neutral" you must remove a hitch pin at each of the wheels, tilt the machine up and shove the wheel inward on the axle, then reinstall the hitch pin.  And on both sides.  If you have a large yard, as we do, and if you are storing this machine in a tight little shed this is very inconvenient.  I would drive it to where I need to go with it except that it's much faster to walk it there.  It only goes about 1/4 MPH at full bore.  3. The bail for engaging the tines and drive system is very hard to reach and control.  It has to move too far to engage the drive and is not controllable due to it's angle once drawn up to the handle.  Against the instructions, I loosened the cable as far back as I could get it just to get maximum slack and it's still uncomfortable, even for me and I have big hands (re: long fingers)!!  4. The starter cord is behind the front guard and though there is slack built into it, it can be hard to reach.  5.  B&S should take some basic lessons from the Techumseh people.  Put an oil fill tube and a REAL dip stick on your engines.  How much could it add to the cost?  Also, an extension for the oil drain would be a nice feature too so that draining the oil doesn't mean spilling it all over the machinery.   One thing I have noticed in the new Super Bronco, and it is w/o a doubt my biggest complaint here, is that they are using a counter-rotating tine drive.  This should make the machine much better... and safer.  If my wife could've only waited a few months....  I hope you find this review helpful, and Good Luck with your own dreams.      