 edit: Whoa, whoa, WHOA!!!  These have gotten a lot more expensive since I bought mine in 2003.  You may want to reconsider.  And, I don't know if I can recommend it at this price either.  As a weekend warrior/home owner I have a budget and other considerations when spending money for tools.  But, if cost were no object.... LOOK OUT!!  };-0)   I bought this combo pack because I all ready own a  Skil 2868, 18v drill/driver (a gift from my wife) that I use more than I ever expected to and it's battery charger went bad.  Given how much I do use this tool, I'd need a new one in a hurry.  That said, individual parts can be hard to get for Skil tools and their website is only partially helpful.  Don't think you'll get replacement batteries at your local home center or discount store inspite of what there .com says.  Instructions are very clear and well written, and set up was easy. I would strongly suggest to anyone using battery operated tools to read and follow the instruction for battery usage and charging to get the maximum life out of them.  Though a little more developement is needed, it does seem that Skil made an attempt to make these tools comfortable for both righties and lefties.  As you may guess, I am left handed and this is a problem most lefties that use power tools.  It can be a dangerous one if the tool is not designed for left handed use. Both tools have plenty of power for most jobs and a fairly long use time between charges. (edit: the saw is not good for extended use. It requires a lot of battery power. Keep a charged spare handy.)    One thing that impressed me most is the Bosch designed metal  gear drive system in the saw, verses the plastic most manufacturers use. Of course, it's noisier, but which would YOU rather have?    Another positive thing is the battery charger.  It works quickly and it works well.  Be sure, as they say many times in the instructions, UNPLUG THE CHARGER WHEN NOT IN USE!  I believe this to be the reason for the demise of my other charger. I added a "quick" switch for about $2.00 (plug it into the wall, plug the tool into the switch unit.)   If I were a pro, I might consider another (yellow?) brand and have to pay for it too, but as a DIYer this is a very, very good alternative to giving up the farm.  I hope all who see this will find it helpful. Thanks!     