   edit: After less than a full season with this mower, I have radically changed my mind.  I was much too kind to this unit in my original review below.  Unless you have a completely tame (re: complete flat and weed free) 1/8 acre yard and ONLY mow when it is COMPLETELY dry, don't buy this thing.    My parents swore by Toro for years, but that was then....  It seems that Toro has changed since when I was a boy and not for the better.  As I state below, their customer service was excellent when I had a problem out of the box, and it may still be that way, but my five year old, $150.00 Murray while not as fancy as the Toro (not as many bells and whistles) works better and with fewer problems.    By "better" I should explain that I mean that we can mow our whole acre and half and not have to clear out the undercarriage or the chute. By "better" I mean that while I have had problems with the wheel drive system on both machines, but the Murray took four years to develop them and need replacement parts, and they are cheap and easy to get and replace.    With less than a years mowing with this Toro the transmission that drives the front wheels is completely shot.  I am now waiting for the repair shop to call and tell me if Toro will cover it under the warranty. Who knows how long they may have to wait to get a new one.  Toro should, and probably will cover the repair but who needs this kind of problem with a virtually new machine.   The other thing I have learned not to be too crazy about is the air filter and it's location.  These little paper things (about twice the size of my big thumb) are $6.00 a piece at the "Big Orange" and we go through them like water.  I do have a compressor at the house and I do blow the element out frequently, but this thing sucks in everything because of it's location and it's size.  I would like to see a bigger element located out of harms way... up if possible and with a washable foam element.  $300.00 plus is just too much money for this kind of aggravation.  Original text: These are still available at the Home Depot (Big Orange) where we bought ours.  We've had ours for less than a full season now and our "yard" is rather difficult, but my impressions are that it is generally a good mower though not a great one.    First it is powerful enough to handle nearly everything... except a clogged chute which it does frequently in our yard.   I don't know about the "guaranteed to start" system.  It doesn't seem to start any easier or harder than anything else.  I believe this advertising "spin" is to make the buyer feel more comfortable with the purchase.  However, the engine is a good one overall.   We have found the mulching system to be totally unusable as it only makes the clogging problem worse.  If you switch back and forth between the rear bag and the side-chute as we do you should know that the grass plug that is to be removed when using the bag gets stuck as the underbody collects clippings.  All in all, it is easy to work on with standard tools and, in our case, the high wheels are a blessing for better maneuvering on uneven surfaces.  Our bagger had a defective frame (a weld broke during it's maiden voyage), but Toro supplied one quickly and at no cost/no questions.  For the average homeowner with the average yard, this machine will satisfy and then some... maybe.  I hope this helps you and good luck with your own dreams.         