  First of all, I must tell you that I am very glad to finally have a table saw.  I have been shopping for over two years and was not really sure I wanted the Jet until the Christmas tool sale at Lowe's. Had it not been for that I can't say that I would have committed to this saw had it still been at full price.   Actually, the Jet was my first pick but I had since developed some doubts about them.  The bargain price lured me in (much better than here,) but if you're like me you want to know what I like and dislike about it.   First the bad, in order of personal annoyance:   1. The steel extension tables.  My first and biggest recommendation is to upgrade to the "CW2" version. These are hard to get right and you will have to expect to "bend" them in order to do it. Spend $100 more, get the next model up with the cast extensions and save the time for some other projects. Doing it later, as I did, WILL COST YOU. I hate the steel extensions and was concerned about them even as I was forking over the money.  2. The fence and miter gauge.  They are both just OK, but to get real accuracy you will need to spend at least another $400-$500 to replace both... the cheapest (...)  Or for a total of $950-1000.00+/- (saw included) for good controllable, stable set ups. (edit: I am an old cuss and not wanting this fence to get the better of me, I have come to terms with it after much playing around... I'd still replace the miter gauge, but it is usable as long as you check it carefully after EVERY adjustment.  Don't rely on the scale or the "flip-stop" to do it for you. It won't!) I think a tool made in China (cheap labor and material.  Remember all those American jobs lost to China?) and distributed by an American company could do better... even in a base model saw.  The Xacta fence should be standard, trash the "JetFence."  3. The dust collection "hood" stinks! I will replace this too. (Edit: I made my own. See my review of the Jet hood #JW1005 and I'll tell you how.)  4. The safety splitter and anti-kickback paws are nearly useless. They are difficult to install and uninstall when necessary, real knuckle busters. OK, we all know that most people who actually USE their table saws remove these items most of the time, but I would use them more often if it weren't for the time and effort it takes to uninstall them when I need a dado blade, or am running 4" tall material through the blade. You can replace these with aftermarket quick release/quick setup items for around $430.00. What a bargain. }:-(  That's nearly as much as the saw originally cost.   5. The drive belt: Before I made any important cuts with this tool I immediately replaced the drive belt with a PowerTwist Plus A20-60. My cheap Jet now runs smoother than my neighbors' more expensive Delta. (Please see my review of this product for complete details.) It's WELL worth the $30.00 investment.   6. Mostly the manual was enough for setup. As others here have said, I set mine up in about four hours except a few areas where I found it lacking: It was a little vague in the area of converting the saw/motor to 230 volt operation, like what current (amps) it would draw at 230?  Should I install a 20 amp plug, receptacle and breaker, or a 30 amp? (Answer: Install the 20 amp if you convert); Also a few more suggestions about lining up and leveling the side extensions would've been nice, like how to bend them more accurately; and finally, not all of the various hardware bags were clearly marked and I found myself guessing... correctly as it turns out, at what hardware the manual was referring to.   Note: For those who have read other customer reviews here, mine did come with it's own blade.  It's a 40T, carbide tipped, and it ain't bad either!  It does leave a little to be desired in the cross-cutting department.  I do get some tear-out with it, but it's OK.  I will replace it with a better one eventually, but it is quite good for a "get acquainted" type blade. (I did!  See Freud TK406, 60T.  For $35.00 you can't beat it with a Forrest.)    The good:   1. The motor is strong and starts, and pulls evenly to full speed... and can be converted to 230v operation.   2. The arbor assembly is strong and smooth (gear, not belt) operating.   3. The blade (see above comments.)    4. For the most part the saw was easy to setup.    Suggestion: No matter how much room you have or don't have, get a mobile base. Jets' own works well and is easy to set up but is a little clumsy in actual use.  The Jet base has four individual wheels (back)/casters (front) to lock and unlock which is not so convenient when you have 30" fence rails to get around, and it doesn't allow for easy side-to-side movement either but it is reasonably priced to buy. (edit: less so after a $10.00 increase) My neighbor set up a Ridged Herc-C-Lift on his Delta recently.  Four casters that come up all the way when not in use and a one foot pedal operation. I am not a fan of the "Big Orange" but I should have done this.    My recommendation: If you are set on getting the Jet, get the model  with the cast iron wings (suffix:"CW2" Usually about $100 more, and it will cost you a LOT more ($250.00+ freight) later to do it) and if the funds allow, the Xacta fence though the new Micro-Adjust fence from Jet is an improvement.   If you are cutting a lot of sheet material plan on building or buying a side table extension and an outfeed table. They're easy to build yourself and make a nice first project. (See Rockler for hardware kits.)    I hope this helps you decide and Good Luck with your own dreams!     