  Prof: "Why do you wear that toy on your head?" Chris Knight: "Because if I wear it anywhere else, it chafes.  ... I didn't what to seem too stuffy.  Y'know, all brains, no penis." Man:  "You are Chris Knight aren't you?" Chris: "I hope so.  I'm wearing his underwear."  'I remember the immortal words of Socrates who said, "I drank WHAT?"'  "This? This is ice.  This is what happens to water when it gets too cold.  This? This is Kent.  This is what happens to people when they get too sexually frustrated."  There are so many really good memorable one-liners, as well as visual effects (re: bunny and crow slippers and an 'I "heart" Toxic Waste' t-shirt, etc.) in this film that it's hard to recall them all... and Val Kilmer delivers most of them himself with perfect timing.   He seemed so natural that you forget he's acting... and isn't that the mark of a good actor.  Unfortunately for the rest of us, and in this reviewers eyes his best role to date.    Along with another '80's "B" comedy, Running Scared (I wish that Billy Crystal and Gregory Hines had done more comedies together while Hines was still alive,) Real Genius is one of my all time favorite movies, though "Genius" has a much better ending.  It's so watchable.  I've seen it literally hundreds of times myself.  It's an intelligently written and performed little comedy produced by Martha Coolidge, Real Genius has since become something of an icon.  It contains both the subtle and the non-subtle.  Though dated, the script, which is very well written, and most of the soundtrack holds up well under the test of time, I think.    Without the advent of HBO and Cinemax in the '80's that played it over and over and over, this film might have been missed by many, including this reviewer.  Though expensive for a twenty year old movie, it is well worth it in my opinion.  You won't be sorry unless you insist on watching mindless comedies ("Dumb and Dumber" comes to mind. The title says it all here.) There are lots of movies that fit that description.  If so, don't see Real Genius.  I hope this review helps you, and Good Luck with your own dreams.      