  With thirty-five nearly all positive reviews I was wondering what I could say that would add to them.  Well, this is what I came up with:  The biggest most positive thing I can think of (that no one else has yet mentioned) is that this belt will not "flat spot" if allowed to sit unused for a period of time. Add to that the other attributes that other reviewers HAVE mentioned and you have one really neat little piece of engineering here.   My neighbor has a Delta table saw and the first time I helped him use it the weather was cold.  Add to that, his saw sits more often than not.  When he turned it on after weeks of not being used it vibrated terribly.   He said that it would settle down "after a while, after it warmed up." Well it did... and it didn't.   To make a long story short, after assembling my Jet I put the factory belt on and ran the saw a few times.  It had a vibration too with it's brand NEW belt!  After it sat for a few days unused (hey, it was Christmas time) the vibration got worse.  Since I had always intended to try the Power Twist on it it seemed as if there were no time like the present, so I ordered one before I'd had to do ANY important cuts with the saw.    First of all it was cold when I tried to size the belt and so it wasn't that easy.  On the other hand it wasn't that difficult either, but I did need to use pliers.  And, you have to get your bearings straight.  This is a different animal than your standard v-belt... I liken it to those link belts we all made at summer camp or in some craft class somewhere. Mine came with no intructions at all. 'A disappointment for sure, but I was able to download them.   My other complaint is that the directional arrows printed on the links are very hard to see.  A "Sharpie" helped out a lot. Anyway, after some trial and error I was able to size the belt correctly and install it.  As others have said, my saw will EASILY pass the nickel test, and my neighbor can't figure out why my cheap Jet runs so much smoother than his much more expensive Delta.  Don't worry,  he's a Buddy and I'll clue him in soon enough.  But for now, I just want to enjoy his frustration and confusion. I know, I'm bad, but it feels so good to know that just 30 bucks can make such a difference!!  If they offered these in the narrower, "O/3L" cross section, I would have one on my cheapy, Made in China drill press too. Don't judge me too harshly about this one. I'm on a budget!! (edit: They do!!  After much time spent researching I found out from the manufacturer, Fenner Drives that McMaster Carr carries them, though the price a bit higher than Amazon, but worth it.)    As I said in another review (of my saw) Don't ASK, just BUY ONE!! You WON'T be sorry... unless of course you put in on backward or something dumb like that.  It IS a "directional" belt.  As usual, I hope you find this review helpful, and Good Luck with your own dreams.       