 Any fan of the first "Dark Knight Returns" books will love this sequel, which takes place several years after the original series.   After the mysterious death of Bruce Wayne/Batman from the first series, the United States has become a world powerhouse.  The U.S. Government has taken away many personal freedoms from its citizens, while it secretly uses Superman for undercover work.  There are only a handful of public outcries, mostly coming from newscaster Jimmy Olsen, who constantly calls for the return of heroes. Throughout all these years, Bruce Wayne and his band of rebels have been training for a fight that has finally come.  Bruce is sick of seeing the collapse of American freedom and has decided to do something about it.  His first act is to send his sidekick, Catwoman, into a science laboratory to free Ray Palmer, aka the Atom.  Catwoman is actually Carrie, who wore the Robin suit in the Dark Knight Returns.  It seems that the Atom has been held captive all these years by the U.S. government.  Is he the only one? The rest of this book delves into this question as we see several high-level conspiracies develop.  We are treated to appearances from Diana (Wonder Woman), Hal Jordan (Green Lantern), Barry Allen (Flash), Billy Batson (Captain Marvel), and several others.   The story in this first book moves very quickly, much more so than the original series.  This is a good thing for anyone who has read the original, but may seem a bit hasty for anyone who has not.  Fortunately the plot develops quickly enough to keep the reader on his toes and not worry about back history.  Personally I liked the faster pace of the story, as it gets into the action right away.  It works well for this particular book.  If you haven't read the original series, there will be no problems picking this book up. Overall the artwork is very good.  This is classic Frank Miller style artwork (which a given read will love or hate), but it seems a bit less refined than the original series.  There are much more brighter colors used in this book, compared to the gritty feel of the original, but I like both styles of artwork.  It seems as if Frank Miller is having a lot of fun writing and drawing this story, and that's the key work - FUN.   This is a great book for adults and teenagers alike.  Parental Guidance is suggested for younger kids due to violence and dialogue.  This is a great book to read, and fun to look at.  I definitely recommend it.     