 Created by a German developer to teach Capitalism, Settlers of Catan is a very fun game.  The game is made up of small hexes that are put together to make a board. The hexes can be randomly distributed to create a new board every time you play!  (total board size is the same as a Monopoly board) The game play is simple.  Each hex represents a resource:  brick, sheep, wood, etc.  Each hex also has a number on it (from 2-12).  You place a settlement on a corner that is touching 3 hexes.  You roll 2 dice, and whatever number comes up will be the resource you get, assuming your settlement touches it.  For example, if your settlement touches an Ore(2), Wood(2), and Sheep (8), then a roll of "2" will give you an ore card and a wood card. You use your resources to build roads and more settlements.  The more settlements you have, the higher your chances of getting resources every time the dice is rolled.  Each Settlement is worth 1 victory point, each city worth 2 victory points, etc.  The player to reach 10 victory points win! There are also special development cards you can purchase (somewhat like Community Chest), and a couple of other little things.  If you don't have the right resources, you can trade with the bank, or with other players, making co-operation important throughout the game.  Together this becomes a very simple yet fun game.  The hex pieces themselves are simple cardboard cutouts.  They are durable enough, but you must make sure no one bumps into the board after you have put it together or things can get messy (kind of like having all your scrabble pieces in disarray because someone bumped into the board).  The play pieces (settlements, cities, etc) are wooden and color coded; they are very durable and have a very old fashioned feel to them, which just adds to the flavor of the game. The rulebook is on standard 8x11 paper, stapled.  The rulebook is very clear on how to play and contains plenty of illustrations.  The game play allows for easy editing, which means you can easily put in your own house rules without hurting the basic premise of the game. The game is for four players, and usually lasts about an hour; the game can be shorter or longer (if you change the victory points condition).  I have introduced this game to many people, and it appeals to both men and women, and boys and girls (ages 8+ is recommended in my opinion).  The makers also have additional expansions to allow for sea travel and/or up to 6 players to play. This is a fantastic game, which I recommend to anyone interested in something a little different than your standard Monopoly.  It is a very safe game for children to play, and can be played in under an hour.     