 Macross Plus takes place several decades after the original Macross Series (Series 1 of Robotech), after Earth has colonized several planets and are still fighting the occasional Zentradi straggler.  In this DVD, Sharon Apple (the computerized singer) heads to Earth to do a benefit concert near the Macross (SDF-1).  Sharon goes nuts and takes control of the inhabitants via mind control, as well as activating and controlling the SDF-1.  It is quite a site to see. MEanwhile the main character races to Earth in his Prototype valkyrie in order to destroy a new unmanned fighter Earth has developed (he does not like the idea of pilots being replaced by machines); all the while he is chased by the other prototype valkyrie and pilot. A great fire fight ensues, which gives us the first taste of real action in this series.  The battle first starts with the two pilots, then their agression is turned towards the evil controlled Macross and Unmanned fighter (which Sharon has also taken control of). The ending of this series leaves something to be desired.  Although the "day is saved", it comes at a price, and we are not given any after affects.  If you have ever watched old Jimmy Stuart movies (like Mr Smith goes to Washington), you will know what I mean.  The climax comes, and is resolved, and the movie is over.  Imagine if the original Star Wars ended immediately after the Death Star was destroyed, without the congratulation ceremony we are all accustomed to seeing. The movie just kind of leaves you hanging.  Is this a good movie?  Absolutely!  Should you pruchase this?  YEs and No.  If you want to own a good OVA based on the Macross Universe then this is definitely worth it to complete the collection.  If you like Anime with lots of plot and characterations (like Cowboy Beepop), then this is for you.  This DVD is far more action packed than the first one, but the climax was unsatisfying.  If you are a casual viewer who wants a little more action in the MAcross Universe, then I suggest renting MAcross Plus The Movie, which is more of a compilation, and supposedly has a new and more satisfying ending.     