 In the early 1990's, Earth has fallen to a terrible nuclear war.  The oceans have engulfed many areas, such as Australia, while other areas have barely managed to survive.  In the aftermath of the war, Britain fell into utter chaos.  In the chaos came the strong arm of the fascist, who marched in with no resistance. The year is 1997, and the fascist has a government in place, and has ruled with an iron fist.  There is no political freedom, there is no personal freedom, and there is no hope. This is the setting for V for Vendetta, a tale written by Alan Moore, also known for his Watchmen series.  The story begins with a young woman named Evey Hammond, who accidentally solicits an undercover cop.  By law, the cop and his friends can do whatever they want to her.  Before that can happen, and man in a cloak and mask appears to save the day.  He calls himself "V".  He kills one man with an exploding hand, fires tear gas at the others, then takes Evey to the rooftop where he blows up Big Ben and launches a display of fireworks (something that no one has seen since before the war). That's just in the first few pages of this book!  The rest of the story revolves around our mysterious hero, who only calls himself V, and how he slowly dismantles his enemies and oppressive government, all while educating the naive Evey. This book is a fantastic commentary on socialism and human nature.  It depicts a very dark world where fascism is taken to the extreme.  Our hero, "V", is the complete opposite of all this.  He (or she) wears a mask and pounces around London as if it is his own.  He comes and goes as he pleases and quotes Shakespeare as if he had written the lyrics himself.  He is violent. So much so that this book is not for the squeamish or the young.  Parental Discretion is advised. With the many small plots and overall commentary of the world, this deep book certainly is not for everyone.  The hero (or anti-hero), is not your typical comic-book, spandex-wearing do-gooder.  The story reads like a play, where players come and go, and "V" is the star.  The story focuses on Britain, and how one person can change everything.  It is a very interesting tale of Good and Evil, and how the lines are all blurred in-between.  I highly recommend this book for anyone looking for good story that may just make you change your view on life. "All the world's a stage.  Everything else is Vaudeville!" -- V     