 This trade paperback book was actually released as "Spider-man:  Coming Home".  J. Michael Straczynski, the mastermind behind Babylon 5 and Rising Stars, has penned a brilliant story of Peter Parker, aka Spider-man.  This trade paperback is a self-contained book that covers Peter's battle with a creature that wants to steal his life essence! Peter first meets Ezekiel, an old man with powers much like his own.  Ezekiel warns him of a creature that has been hunting super beings for hundred of years, and it has come to New York to hunt and feed on Peter.  Ezekiel gives Peter a question which may forever change his conception of his powers: "Was it the radiated spider that gave you those powers, or was the spider trying to give you those powers before the radiation killed it?" The question is almost as perplexing as the answer may be.  However, there is not time to delve into it, as the villain has decided to destroy parts of the city to lure out Spider-man.  The first battle does not last long, as Peter realizes that his opponent is near invulnerable.  He runs away, only to find that his enemy can find him anywhere he goes.  Peter's body is utterly broken, and he decides on a last ditch scheme that will allow him to defeat his opponent, but will probably kill him in the process! This is a fantastic book for any fan of comic book. Straczynski is clearly a masterful storyteller, keeping the reader glued on every page.  You can hear every thought Peter has as he tries to understand his life.  You can feel every pain Peter has as his immortal opponent beats him to a pulp.  Straczynski is doing what he does best - tell a story.   The artwork is also strangely very good.  I have never been a fan of John Romita Jr, but the color-artist that works on his artwork does a fantastic job of bringing every page to life.  The reader is treated to a wonderful ballet of colors and excellent flow of story imagery.  I was definitely surprised by the quality of artwork in this book. I highly recommend this book for all comic book fans out there, as well as anyone interested in literature in general. This is truly a fantastic story that is hidden in the format of a comic book.  Great Story, Great Artwork, and possibly the best last page of any comic book I have ever read.     