 As 1987 came to a close, Madonna had had enjoyed much success from her second staring movie role (Who's That Girl) and a number one soundtrack to accompny it. So what better way to close the year, than with the best Madonna Dance Tunes. All of these songs are played in contious sequence, with the expection of the dubs, which means instead of a pause between songs, they just keep going, which is great on the dance floor.  1)Spotlight: the only new song that appeared on this album. This song is so beautiful. It is a "go for your dreams song". The beat is wonderful to dance to and the vocals are gorgeous. Madonna, again outdid herself. 6/5 stars 2)Holiday: This dance version, is very close to the orginal, except they are a few differnt instruments used here and it is about 20 second longer than the album version. 3)Everybody: This version is okay. It is good to dance to, but I like the one that appeared on Madonna- The First Album, the best. 4)Physical Attraction: The only song that did not get "re-done". This version is exactly the same as the orginal. A new, more dance version, would have been great to go on this collection, why it was chosen not to be "re-done" I don't know. 5)Over and Over: The one song on this collection, I don't reallly like that well. I never like the orginal that well, so I am not fond of this one either. The mix was done well, though. 6)Into The Groove: The famous 8:29 version, that everyone is familiar with. This version is very good. I adore it, but the one thing that is done wrong, is that it takes away the sound that made the orginal cut. I love the 1985 version of Into the Groove, it is my favorite and always will be, I wished Shep would have based this version more on the '85 version. 7)Where the Party?: Another Dance version Shep did. I really like this version, but it is like 7+ minutes long and it gets kinda boring, because the sound doesn't change much and the song, it self, is slightly repitious. 8)Holiday (Dub Version): This is one of the few Dubs, I really like, but I love this one.  9)Into the Groove (Dub Version): This is dubbed from the version shep did. If it was dubbed from the orginal, it would have been better. 10)Where's the Party?(Dub Version): Eghh Not really my fav song on the cd, but it still okay and a nice close to this gorgeous compilation.   This cd is truly worth your money. It is great for Madonna fans/Dance fans, basically all types!     