 The Immaculate Collection was released in 1990 and housed Madonna's best hits from 1982 to 1990. Some of the songs were also re-done on this collection and all were re-mastered with Q-Sound, to bring out the best sound at the time.  1. Holiday: This is the immortal Madonna song. It will never die. It has been performed at every tour and by far one of her greatest. The version here is about two-minutes shorter than the original.   2. Lucky Star: This was another hit more the early Madonna. The version included here is not as good as the original. The vocals were done differently.   3. Borderline: This song is okay, not one of my favs. This version is the same as the original.   4. Like A Virgin: The song that made Madonna known. This is a rather good song, despite Madonna's high-pitched vocals. This version is shorter than the original.   5. Material Girl: The name that would follow Madonna for the rest of her career. This song is one of my favs and I love this version. The quality is better and it has a better sound.   6. Crazy For You: A Shorter version of the classic song from the Vision Quest Movie. This song marked Madonna's first original ballad.   7. Into The Groove: The classic dance tune from the Queen. All I have to say is that this version sucks compared to the original. The original can be found on the Angel single. Go For It.  8. Live To Tell: The song that opened the door to the emotional balladeer we know today. This song is about 45 seconds shorter than the original. I prefer the original.   9. Papa Don't Preach: The 80's hit that turned some heads when Madonna voiced her opinion about abortion.  10. Open Your Heart: The classic pop tune. This song is one of my favs.   11. La Isla Bonita: One of my favs. This was Madonna's first stab at Musica de Latina. This version is almost the same as the original but about 10 seconds shorter.   12. Like A Prayer: The birth of the controversial Madonna we know (and LOVE) began here. This song (video for the song) turned many heads. This song is beautiful. I love it. It is a combination of religion/sacrilegious/and dance.   13. Express Yourself: This song that, believe or not, made Madonna a sex symbol. This is a great girl power song. One of Madonna's best.~!~  14. Cherish: The cheeky-pop tune that had no hesitation in topping the charts. A classic.  15. Vogue: Two Words: A CLASSIC. This is most likely Madonna's biggest World Hit. It is great and you can never get tired of it. The best song on this collection.  16. Justify My Love: This first new song to make it this collection. This song officially began Madonna's most infamous era in her career, her sex-era. This song is wonderful. It is sensual and intimate, while still being sexy and hot.  17. Rescue Me; The second new song from The I.C. This song is full of power and energy and shows Madonna can sing and sing with power!  This collection should be in every home. It is wonderful and keeps selling more copies everyday!!     