 This cd is not Madonna's best album to date, but it is intresting to see Madonna try her hand at Jazz/Swing.   1.He's A Man: a nice jazzy song to introduce this cd. It has a good jazz sound to it.  2. Sooner or Later: This song is not one of my favs on the cd. It's still a fairly good song, though.  3.Hanky  Panky: This one of the best songs on the album. This song is a revelation of what is to come in Madonna's career. It's sexy, it's funny, it's hot!.  4.I'm Going Bananas: This is my least favorite song on this cd. It is atrocious. Madonna sounds like an idoit singing so high pitched and the lryics are quite hideous, too.  5.Cry Baby: This is another good song. This has a very 30's sound to it. The lyrics and music are very 30's inspired. I don't know why this one didn't make to the Movie Dick Tray.  6. Something To Remember: This is a gorgeous ballad. This song is so wonderful it would even become the title of Madonna's Collection of Ballads: Something To Remember.  7. Back In Bussines: This song is another good song. It's a really good swing song that sould have appeared on the Movie Dick Tracy.   8. More: I really like this song. It a remasterd version, but it is still hot. Madonna keeps the 30's sound, but puts her name on it, too.   9. What can You Lose?: This is the last song on the cd, to appear on the movie, Dick Tracy. This is a slower song, in which Warren Beatty is singing with Madonna. It has real balladic feel to it, also.   10. Now I'm Following You Part One: This song is a short song, but still good. This a song you would want to tap dance to.   11. Now I'm Follwing You Part Two: Track 10 goes right into this track. It is simmilar to track 10, but Madonna gives this song a more moderen sound and includes some lyrics from the movie. I like the previous version the best.  12. Vogue: The best song on this cd. I think everyone has heard this song before. It is one of Madonna's best. This song doesn't fit in here, except that some of the stars Madonna salutes here, were popular in the 30's. A wonderful ending to a great cd.     