 After the bad reviews from Erotica, everyone thought Madonna's career was over, but they were wrong, very wrong. In 1994 Madonna made her comeback with her R&B inspired, "Bedtime Stories". All the tracks are wonderful and tell a story that is perfect just before "Bedtime".   1. Survival: This is a song that tells how Madonna has survived her career and how it is not all glamorous, but she will be "Living to Tell". The music is wonderful. You will hear a fire crackling and a wonderful piano tune.   2. Secret: The best song on the CD. Madonna talks about how her baby has a secret and she is just finding out about it. The video tells us that transvestitism and love yourself for who you are, are the themes to this song.   3. I'd Rather Be Your Lover: My least favorite song on the CD. This song a real R&B feel to it, and the vocals are decent here, but they could have been better.   4 Don't Stop: A great R&B floor filler. This is the dance song that completes every Madonna CD. The song is great to dance to with that someone. You will never wanna stop!   5. Inside of Me: A nice song dedicated to Madonna's Mother. She talks about how she misses her mother and even though she is gone, that her mother will always be inside of her. The only bad thing about this song is that Madonna puts a lot of deep breathing in the song, which does not fit in with a song about missing your late mother.   6. Human Nature: Wooooh. Madonna's F-You song the public for insulting her sex-era. This song doest not have that much of an R&B feel to it, but it is still hot! This song officially closed the door to Madonna's sex-era.   7. Forbidden Love: A gorgeous song with Babyface. This song has a beautiful beat w/a saxophone and other instruments. The song is talking about having an affair that is considered to be forbidden, but you just don't care, because you want and love the other person.  8. Love tried to Welcome Me: A more blues song talking about how a person has tried their hand at love, but they were not suitable enough when love welcomed them. Another beautiful song.  9. Sanctuary: A different kind of love song. Madonna is talking about how she wants to be merry in her flame's soul and how we don't need materialistic things, just love, which is our sanctuary.   10. Bedtime Story: DOES NOT FIT IN, is the only thing that will come to mind when you hear this song. This is a revelation to what Madonna was going to explore next, techno. This song was written by Bjork. The song is really good, but it is meaning is questionable. Only Bjork really knows, if there was a meaning or not.  11. Take A Bow: The song that brought Madonna back to the top (at least in the U.S.). This song is about a man who keeps breaking Madonna's heart and taking her love for granted. This song is beautiful and has a lot of meaning in the lyrics. This is a great song to close out a wonderful album.   This is probably most 2nd best album to date, after Erotica. The songs are great and this album shows Madonna will not be destroyed.     