 This album is highly overlooked. This album was very overshadowed by the Sex Book and video to Erotica, but there is more this album than sex. Madonnna was rebelling and started to explore sexualty, lust and androgny. All this songs on this song are exceptionally wonderful.  1. Erotica: The infamous song that started a revolution. This song is very kinky and has a samlping of Kool and the Gang's "Jungle Boggie". Despite it's sexual nature this song is still hot and deserved more success.  2. Fever: A Very nice cover of Peggy Lee's classic. Madonna gives the song a whole new sound, that's only Madonna. But the version Madonna used in the Video to the song is by far superior to this one. You can find the video version on the German Single of Rain.  3. Bye Bye Baby: A song that kinda doesn't fit in on this album. I don't think it fits in anywhere, but it still good. Madonna is rekindling her high pitched voice in this song.   4. Deeper and Deeper: A wonderful song. This song was a gay pride song, that rocked. Madonna wanted to revist the disco years in this song. She even throws in a line from Vogue, for good measure.  5. Where Life Begins: Proably the most sexual song on the album. Madonna is wonderful with metaphors and this song prooves it. She compared "Dinning In, Eating Out" to something more than a fresh cooked meal at dinner time, if you know what I mean. The beat to this song is wonderful it is kinky, but sensual and intimate.  6. Bad Girl: This is one of My favorite songs on the album. I adore this song, the music the lyrics. They are gorgeous. Madonna is talking about a Girl, who is quite provacative and tends to make money off sex and gets drunk every night. She really portrays, that Bad Girls can have feelings, too, and how they may not always like their lifestyle, it's their's and it's hard to change.  7. Waiting: A hot song, where Andre Betts Hip hop style appears. Madonna is talking about a relationship, in which her guy is not treating her like he used too and how she just can't let go. This is a great song and one of my favs.  8. Thief of Hearts: A great song. I love it!! Madonna now gets a little mad at a "cheap treat" who'll screw anyone and is trying to screw her man. The best line is where Madonna sings "Bitch, you do it, you take it, you screw it, you fake it, undo it, you'll break it." This is one of the best songs on the album.  9. Words: A wonderful song. Madonna here talks about how people degrade you and hurt you with words.   10. Rain: OMG. What a gorgeous song. This song is so full of love and power. It's horriable, that this song did not make it to GHV2. It well deserved it. The beat and vocals are absolutely mezmorizing.   11. Why's It So Hard: A very emotional song. Madonna, is discussing today's discrimination and predjisim. She mainly talks about homosexulaity and religion, here. This is a wonderful, powerful song.   12. In This Life: This song is very emotional, proably the most emotional on the album. Madonna is talking about a friend she had who died at age 23 from aids. She talks about the advice he gave her. This is song will bring tears to your eyes and it really make you think about Aids and other diseases in the world. Madonna really makes a good quote at the end. "Some say life's not fair, I say people just don't care".  13. Did you Do It? A Remix of Waiting. Here Madonna just sings the chorus of Waiting, whilst Dr. Dre Raps. Basically this song is revealing what Madonna's guy is doing while she is "Waiting".   14. Secret Garden: This is most likley the most poetic song, Madonna has ever released. Sex does kinda come to mind when you first hear the title, but as you listen you see more. Madonna is hinting at longing to be mother.   This ALbum is by far one of the best Madonna has ever released. It was ahead of it's time in 1992 and is still ahead of it's time in 2004.      