 In terms of content, this set is awesome. The episodes look and sound great, and they're all there.   The series starts out a bit awkwardly with "The Man Trap", but quickly gets to classic episodes like "Where No Man Has Gone Before". I would have liked to have "The Cage" preceding the first episode as part of this set, but at least it's included in the 3rd season boxset.   I also didn't find the documentaries particulary outstanding, but they are at least informative and free of fluff.   Two things irk me about this set: First, the menus - I personally get very weary of flashy CGI menus that play dramatic music every time you push a button. I'd like to be able to just choose an episode and watch it with the push of one button.   Second, the packaging. It's just a poor design. I thought the Kirk-uniform-colored plastic case looked cool at first, but once you put it on a shelf with the spine out it looks like crap. It's also very awkward to open. Once you crack the thing open, there's a flimsy booklet and a cardboard slipcase inside about the size of a double CD. Inside the slipcase is an ugly hunk of clear plastic - the DVDs sit in jewel-case type trays which are all connected and which you flip through like a CD wallet.   It's just too much of a process to get to one of the discs - I keep mine on the shelf w/o the plastic shell. The drawback to that is that if you don't pick it up carefully, the plastic case slips right out of the cardboard and hits the floor. There's also no good place to keep the booklet if you ditch the outer shell. While the booklet has episode summaries, it's very hard to read and quite poorly designed anyway. If money and space was no object, I would have opted for buying these episodes in the two-episode-per-disc format (each disc in it's own plastic case) to avoid this whole mess.   Nonetheless, I am very excited to have the whole first season in my possesion all at once! I doubt this will be repackaged anytime soon, so it's worth owning. But try to find it used - the retail price, and even Amazon's price, is totally ridiculous.     