 The importance and far-reaching impact of the original musical mega-fest, Monterey Pop '67, is a fascinating cultural study in it's own right. While I have not seen the video of this event, I have a feeling that it may better convey the mood and significance of the event much better than the music on this box-set does; in fact, the beautiful booklet that accompanies the cds even does a better job at that. The basic problem - a) the sound quality on the bulk of these performances is just not that flattering and b) the bulk of the performances do not show the artists on the top of their game. Before any of you get angry, let me elaborate: First off, the big exception to the rule is Jimi Hendrix's amazing set, his first performance in the states. This should really be available on it's own - the musicianmanship is top-notch, the song selection is definitive, the engineering is flawless (I'm pretty sure Eddie Kramer himself was on hand to capture this performance) and the closing performance of Wild Thing IS historic AND breathtaking as Jimi smashes his axe to pieces, the trusty stratocaster making noise till the very end. The Mamas and Papas follow Jimi with a surprisingly funky, punchy festival closing set. Unfortunatley, most of the performances preceding Jimi's set are entirely dispensable and NON-definitive. Don't get me wrong, I am a HUGE fan of bands like Jefferson Airplane and the Byrds, but their sets here are rather sloppy - the likes of which you would never really want to hear twice. These bands are encountering the same problems the Beatles were a year or so earlier: the increasing complexity of their music begins to render it impossible to re-create on stage (at least with the resources they had at the time). This is not to fault the bands in any way; but at the height of the psychedelic era, spending hours in the studio perfecting individual parts, carefully mixing ,and experimenting with new sounds via electronic methods was the norm, leaving the musicans ill-prepared for a live translation of the groundbreaking recordings they were releasing.  This is especially evident in the vocal harmonies. Listen to how AWFUL some of the harmony sounds when the Association tries to pull of "along comes mary" or when the Byrds struggle thorugh "rennaisance fair". It's not because they can't harmonize, but when your used to the cozy acoustics of a studio, and then you try to pull off complex three-party harmony in a huge outdoor venue like Monterey - well you get the idea. There are exceptions to this besides Jimi: Lou Rawls, a seasoned live performer, turns in an incredibly soulful set. The Who, and Big Brother also prove that they rock out best on stage. But even these tight performances are undermined by the second big problem: sound quality. Kudos to the engineers for capturing such an historic event on tape - it's definitley no easy task. The main problem here is balance and mixing (a technical note: the "mix" heard on most of these recordings probably reflects the live mix at the time as it was captured on two-track, or maybe four-track tape, therefore making the balance irreversible). Too often the guitars just sound horribly thin; the bass if often barely audible; the drums lack any punch; the vocals are generally placed WAY forward in the mix; when horn sections are used, they sound very close and compressed.  So what's the verdict? Well, I'd say just over a quarter of the music here (the bulk of that being Hendrix) is top-notch, rousing, sixties-revolution-in-full-effect. Also, the booklet is gorgeous. I'd say 'buy it for the pure historical value', but in truth, if you compiled all the Studio versions of every song here, you'd have a much clearer picture of the musical contributions and innovations of these artists (try it!).     