 I'm, again, shocked to see this particular album selling so expensively!  I found it in the spring of 2003 for less than 5 dollars!  It's astounding!  "Touch" is Laura's 1987 album, and is my all-time favorite of hers.  There's too many GREAT songs on here for me to pick a favorite.  This is actually the first Laura I ever bought, and have been HOOKED ever since.  "Over Love" and "Shadow of Love" are the two openers and are both ballads.  Laura's voice is SO suited to sing this kind of material it's a little scary.  "Angels Calling" is up-tempo and kind of rocks.  It actually took me a long time to really start liking this song because I always responded to the slow, sad ones more, but Laura's voice is so emotive and so powerful on this song that it's simply irresistable.  "Meaning of the Word" is another down-tempo song, and this one has really cool beats and neat synth.  If I had to come CLOSE to picking a favorite, it would PROBABLY be this one.  And the lyrics are so smart!  Next up is "The Power of Love," the SAME song that Celine Dion made a monster hit in 1994.  Laura's range and pitch are similar to Dion's, and the song is basically set up the same as her version, but ... Laura can't QUITE seem to hit those higher notes, but that, to me, makes the song more affective because the HEARTBREAK really comes across when Laura begins to strain, at least I think this was the intent.  "Shattered Glass" is a synth-driven dance song that was released as a single, but only managed #53 on the American pop chart ... but was a hit in gay clubs!  "Whatever I Do" and "Spirit of Love" are two more danceable songs and both are good.  The lyrics and hooks on "Spirit" are outstanding.  "Name Game" is a kooky cover.  I think Laura probably wanted to play this up to be a camp-act on stage, but ... I don't think it quite happened like that.  Or maybe she was forced to record it, but ... WHY?!  "Touch" is mid-tempo, sexy and salacious, not dissimilar to Sheena Easton's "Strut."  And like "Strut," it works.  "Cry Wolf" is the second-to-last song, and was also covered by Stevie Nicks in 1989 ... but unfortunately I like Stevie's performance better.  Sorry!  "Statue in the Rain" closes the CD.  It's another mid-tempo, but it's very poetic.    Why Laura was never a phenomenon is beyond me.  This album was her sworn testimony as to why she should have been.  It's sad, really.       