 Enya had been on a roll for more than a decade when "A Day Without Rain" was released in 2000.  Up to that point all of her studio albums had sold millions of copies in America alone, and all had been certified multi-platinum.  The song "Only Time" had been featured on the "Sweet November" soundtrack, which I had purchased because it contained a new Stevie Nicks tune ("Touched by an Angel").  I soon came to love "Only Time," which my local easy-listening radio station had been playing nonstop since the song was released as a single.  It's album, "A Day Without Rain," came out and was a certified hit; it sold its immediate million copies or so and was certified platinum.  No surprises there.  But then the album disappeared from the charts and its sales dwindled.  This wasn't much of a surprise, either.  It was the 21st Century, and many of the stars of the last few decades experienced dwindling sales, like Madonna, Mariah Carey, Celine Dion, Janet Jackson and Whitney Houston.  So the Enya issue was no surprise, really.  Then the entire September 11th thing happened.  The easy-listening station began giving "Only Time" heavy airplay once again, and more and more people began calling to request the song.  It was nothing short of a catharsis; people needed some kind of comfort music and Enya was their answer, simply because there was no one else out there that had a soothing, loving sound like she does.  "A Day Without Rain" quickly re-entered the charts and bounded back into the Top 10.  By the end of 2001, it had shipped more than six-million copies and was certified multi-platinum.  Enya wound up the second-best-selling artist of the entire year, beating both Britney Spears and Madonna for best-selling female artist.  The most extraordinary thing that happened was that the song, "Only Time," had crossed from adult-contemporary radio over to mainstream pop.  Two other versions aside from the original could be heard: a remixed version with something of a techno-dance beat, and a version that featured 9-11 newsreels dubbed over the song.  The techno-dance version actually became Enya's ONLY American Top 10 song (#7).  "Orinoco Flow," ten years earlier, while a hit in Europe, only managed #20 in America.  The easy-listening radio station also gave airplay to "Wild Child," which, with more promotion, could easily have become another pop hit.  The sad part about this album is that had 9-11 not occurred, it would have disappeared into obscurity, and Enya's career might be over about now.  The album, which easily pleases devoted fans (like myself), does nothing to attract new listeners, as there's nothing cutting-edge or "new" about any of the songs.  And at just over 30 minutes, it's not very adequate for the 20 or so dollars that the majority probably paid for it.  But Enya has her devoted five million+ North American fans, and perhaps that's more than adequate.    All-in-all the album is VERY pleasant and very special for those fans ... but falls just short of excellent because it's MUCH too safe.      