 "The Lover in Me" was released in December of 1988, and for a minute there it looked as if the 2nd phase of Sheena Easton's career was going to bear fruit.  It was a good idea that didn't really pan out.  In the last three years or so of the 1980s, "R&B" music was becoming less and less obscure, and was being thrust into the mainstream pop scene.  After 7 generic pop albums, the final 2, of which, were poorly received, Sheena signed with a new label, in this case MCA, and sexed up her image and sound.  "The Lover in Me" features that "new" R&B sound.  Unfortunately, however, it was widely considered contrivance, as Sheena was merely jumping onto a bandwagon (which isn't her fault because she had NO control over her career at this point).  Contrivance or not, many of the songs are very glossy, exquisitely produced, and are a lot of fun.  There were 4 singles: "The Lover in Me," "Days Like This," "101," (written by Prince) and "No Deposit, No Return."  Sadly, "The Lover in Me" was the only hit, and it charted all the way up at #2 pop.  "Days Like This" and "101" were hits on the R&B chart, but "No Deposit, No Return" was dead on arrival.  As usual, we get the standard Sheena Easton fare, from the danceable and catchy "If it's Meant to Last," to the adult-contemporary-friendly "Without You," to the tender ballads "Follow My Rainbow" and the sexy "Fire and Rain."  Sex is a big key with this album.  Sheena's vocals were always sleek and seductive, and this time the seductiveness is shoved right out front for all the world to witness (and if you look at the cover of the album you'll see exactly what I mean: the "hot" late 80s perm, the "hot" red dress, the "hot" red lips, the "hot" cleavage).  As usual, my favorite song is one of the singles that didn't chart very high, or in this case not at all, the Price-penned "101."  This single song is everything Sheena had solidified throught the 1980s; it has a terrific, ominous beat; interesting, thoughtful, pondering lyrics; and, of course, Sheena's oustanding vocal, with sex thrown in for good measure.  In this song, Sheena sings mostly in her lower-register, and this is something we don't hear very often.  Perhaps unfortunately, this album is NOT a reissue (because Sheena had signed with a different label, remember), so that means we don't get any bonus-previously-unreleased songs.  It's interesting to wonder what else Sheena and the moneymakers at MCA might've come up with.    By the way, I mention a "2nd phase" in Sheena's career.  This album was the first of that phase, and 1991's "What Comes Naturally" was the second.     