 Many moons ago I received the DVD of "Norma Rae," and there was a trailer included in the special features for "For the Boys."  The trailer featured Bette's character singing "In My Life" during the Vietnam War, while flashes of history are played on the screen.  Perhaps needless to say, I CRIED my eyes out while watching this!  It made me believe that the movie would be outstanding, or, at least, as emotional as that song.  Anyway, I was looking forward to seeing it, and bought it for cheap somewhere.    AS USUAL I had to watch the movie a few times before I really started appreciating it, and now I can say that I love it, DESPITE the scathing reviews it received.  But I do agree on a few points:  Unfortunately, the best part of the entire movie is the first forty minutes or so, and considering the movie is two-and-one-half hours long, that perhaps isn't saying much.  But watching Bette perform in these scenes is enough to sustain you throughout the rest.  Basically, you just wind up wishing the movie would "pick up," but you're stuck waiting for the other half of a one-two punch; it never REALLY comes.  The entire movie in itself IS emotional, cute, funny, tragic ... all the adjectives you'd expect.  But all of these things working together don't add up to a perfect whole.  And the ending is somewhat unsatisfying.  It's the ending we were expecting, but ... it could have been executed a bit better.  At times it seems as though it were a TV-movie.  And everyone complains about the age makeup, but ... this was 1990; this was "For the Boys," not "Lord of the Rings."    All-in-all it's the songs and one-liners that are going to stay with you, and, again, Bette's performance in those first forty minutes.  I guess I'm just biased, but ... I believe this movie DOES have an audience if you're open-minded, and can view this as a flawed masterpiece.  If you've read any entertainment "news" from 1991, then you'd know that Bette's own production company brought "For the Boys" to fruition, and it was truly a love-letter to all her fans.    Maybe sometime before the 2000s are over she'll have one more big hit, and maybe she'll finally get an Oscar.  I hope.  :)     