 Smilla's Sense of Snow was released to theaters in America sometime in 1995, I believe.  And if my memory serves me as well as I think it does, I think its trailer was attached to the movie Clueless, which we saw in the theater (the trailer for Empire Records was attached, too).    The trailer seemed moody and dark, even though snow was featured prominently throughout, but both my sister and I were somehow, and for some reason, fixated on this upcoming movie.  But as soon as we got home we could NOT remember the name of the movie for the lives of us.  And the movie was not a big hit because I don't even remember seeing a trailer for it on TV.    Years would go by and we would always ask people about this weird movie that took place somwhere where there's a lot of snow, and this strange movie where ... they were investigating some kid that fell off a roof.  It was just so CRAZY how the images of this trailer haunted us for years!  But we couldn't remember the title or the name of the actress that starred in it.  Sometime in 2003, I was flipping through the channels on TV one day and stopped at the Bravo channel ... and suddenly it hit me!  That weird movie was playing right before my eyes!  It was called Smilla's Sense of Snow!  I didn't even have to think twice about it, which is really odd because the scene that was currently playing on TV took place on some boat, not outside in the snow at all, like in the trailer.  It was just so weird!  My sister wasn't at home, but I called her cell phone immediately and told her I finally knew what that movie was, and she instantly knew which one I was referring to!  Not long after we were in Best Buy, and we came across the DVD, which was on sale for 5 bucks.  I wasted NO time buying it immediately!    And today I love it, and it's one of my favorites.  And I think this is how I got fixated on snow/water in movies!  Julia Ormond, Gabriel Byrne, Vanessa Redgrave, and everyone else in the movie are fantastic, though towards the end the plot gets a little far-fetched.  But that's okay!  I can handle a little far-fetchedness!     