 Unlike past documentaries on Tupac Shakur, who's sole purpose is to make money off of Tupac's name, this DVD is an honest look into the exciting life of Mr. Shakur. Right away you can tell that the people involved in this project were the people that REALLY cared and were involved in Tupac's life. Whether it's his first manager, to his friends from Oakland, or Mr. Humpty himself from Digital Underground (The group Tupac broke into the music business with.). Shock G's memories of 'Pac alone is worth the price for this DVD. He takes us to the days when Pac was barely getting into the music biz and when Tupac started getting attention for his solo work. These stories are hilarious, honest, and endearing. This DVD also includes a lot of Tupac interview footage from when he was a young, innocent, 17 year old, to when he was a full blown thug at the still young age of 25. This project doesn't dwell too much on Pac's death, it's more like a celebration on his life. Also, if you're expecting a lot of footage from his Death Row days, then don't look for it here. Although it does show a few moments, this is more like the Tupac circa '91-'95. As a man points out on here, people make it seem as if Tupac was in Death Row for years, when in actuality, he was only in Death Row Records for a mere 9 months. Watching this DVD makes you feel at times that Pac was an annoying, loud, young man. Which he was, don't make a mistake about that, but what the difference with Tupac was, is that, it was an enjoyable type of annoyance. His charm and charisma could win almost anyones heart. Many people always had the bad impression on Tupac letting the media effect their point of views on Pac. But, as Tupac always said, "Only God Can Judge Me". It's funny how the show Tupac at age 17 saying that he wouldn't dare call women the "B" word, and right after they show him at age 22 saying   ... His view on women changed from when he was young when he considered women beautiful, and worthy of praise, then in his late early 20's he despied them. Why? Just read or investigate about his rape trial and you'll get the answer. As Shock G pointed out on here, it is absurd to think that any rapper has to go through the trouble of raping a woman when they can get almost any woman they want on command. Shock G's story of what Tupac said to the Judge during his sentecing, will bring ANYBODY to tears, that is, if you have a heart. The message this DVD is giving is that Tupac was a simple black man with great thoughts and ambitons. Quincy Jones once said that if he would have died at age 25 he would have been considered a struggling Jazz player and nothing else. If Malcolm X would have died at age 25 he would have been known as a street hustler. With this, Quincy makes us realize that Tupac Shakur had HUGE potential. Not only as a rapper, but as an activist, and political leader. A look at this DVD takes you into a journey you never knew of Tupac. Whether you enjoy his music or not, this will MAKE you fall in love with Tupac Shakur. And what better way to bring it to us than being told by his personal close friends and himself? As far as extras go on here, there is a unreleased track on the menu, and there are extended interviews of the people that knew him best. Also, they show Tupac's mind blowing library collection that will shock you. And there's also never before seen pictures. This is a must have for ALL Tupac fans. Even people who have never even heard of the name Tupac will enjoy this. A look into the life of Tupac Amaru Shakur. The Man, The Myth, The Legend.     