 The Eminem Show in a word is Awesome. Who can deny Slim Shady of extremely good lyrical skills? No one. From the minute people heard of the completion of this LP, they knew this was THE album to get this spring/summer. That's what we have all come to love about Marshall Mathers. When he drops a CD, we know it's satisfaction guaranteed. How many artists can give us that feeling nowadays? Only a handful or maybe even less. And without a single doubt, Eminem is one of those artists. From the beginning, on "White America", which by the way, is the albums highlight, we all get that refreshing feeling that we are blessed to hear arguably the top hip-hop artist of today on some much needed good music. This song is what Eminem is all about. Displaying his lyrics like no other rapper and telling us what we want to hear, his inner most feelings. "Business" is a hit we can all enjoy with hip-hop's top producer on the beats. Witty, funny, creative lyrics over a tight Andre Young beat. Eminem's Batman to his Robin. Arguably the best one-two punch in hip-hop history. The track that follows, "Cleaning Out My Closet", is the second best track as we hear Marshall dishing out his most personal feelings to date over a beat. "Square Dance" is sure to create yet another beef in the rap game. This time it's Slim Shady himself versus Canibus. Many people had doubted Eminem's guts as he only dissed pop acts. But now, he has officially dissed a rapper. A black rapper. We shall see how Canibus responds. Canabis is not going to let this slide. That's a guarantee. Marshall is upset at Canabis because Canabis used Em's character from his Marshall Mathers LP, Stan, to his benefit on his [wack] album, C True Hollywood Stories. Other slammin' tracks include his lead single, "Without Me", which needs no explanation since everyone has heard it by this time. It's not possible to review this CD and not mention Eminem's singing, yes, SINGING, on a tribute to his daughter, "Hailie's Song". No, Slim is not a good singer, yet the track comes out smooth and lovely. "Say What You Say" finds Eminem playing Dr. Dre's devils advocate on a diss song aimed a hip-hop producer/rapper, Jermaine Dupri. It's a classic diss song. The content of this song stems from Jermaine Dupri stating that he (himself) is hip-hop's untouchable top producer. A statement Dre and Timbaland (Extravagant hip-hop producer) didn't take lightly. It was a sign of disrespect. Rounding out the album is "'Till I Collapse" featuring the lovable Nate Dogg. Using a beat similar to Queens "We Will Rock You", Em is again on top of his game. Marshall mentions other rappers that he has the utmost respect for (Reggie [Redman], Jay-Z, 2pac, Biggie, Andre from OutKast, Jadakiss, Kurupt and Nas). Can't argue with that! "My Dad's Gone Crazy" features none other than Eminem's own daughter, the cute Hailie Jade playfully stating that her dad is crazy. Over a hot Dr. Dre beat, this one is a dope song. Now comes the bad. "Drips" featuring the Shady Record's own, Obie Trice, is not that great. It sounds like something out of the Slim Shady LP, which isn't necessarily bad, but it IS when Eminem is at a bigger level than he was in 1998. "When the Music Stops" featuring the not-so-great rappers, D12, is a flat out filler cut. The ONLY filler cut on this album. Nothing against Bizarre from D12, but c'mon, even a mute person raps better than this guy. He doesn't even attempt to rap. He just talks slowly. Think he earned his recording contract? I don't think so. You think if Eminem weren't in the rap game this guy would never EVER get a recording contract? I think so. And what's with Proof always whispering? Use your regular voice for God's sake! Even though this LP has a couple of OK songs, even those can grow on you. Not only is this CD good, it's great. Eminem is arguably hip-hop's top rapper, the only other rapper contending for the title would be Jay-Z. A "Renegade Part 2" would have been awesome on here. Eminem has the potential to be one of hip-hop's top leading producers also as he produced all but three songs on this disc. The sad thing is, there might be a day when Slim does not need Dr. Dre anymore. The way things are going, when Eminems contract is up, he will record on his own label, Shady Records. I'm sure Dre will still hook him up with beats. Marshall has grown A LOT since he came in the rap game. His lashes against his own mother alone is unique in the music business. Most rappers praise their moms instead of berating them. Jay-Z, Tupac, Notorious B.I.G., Snoop Dogg, Warren G, and a few other rappers "love their mommas." Em also disses his dad whom left Marshall's life when he was a baby. Now this is more common amongst rappers. WC and the Madd Circle, Beanie Sigel, 2pac, and more have all laid out their frustrations against their fathers. The Eminem Show will most likely be the top selling cd of the year. Not only because it's filled with shock value tagged along with controversy, but because Marshall Mathers is arguably the hardest working lyricist in hip-hop. One can not listen to this album and deny this young man's talent. Two other things are very, very, obvious upon listening to this LP: His unconditional ever-lasting love for the person he treasures the most in the world, little Hailie Jade Mathers, and how big of an inspiration the late, great, Tupac Shakur is in Em's life. I counted about five 2pac references in this cd. There might be more. Slim Shady does not give a you know what whether you like him or not. All he wants is your respect. And damn it, he deserves it, and guess what? He most certainly is going to get it whether you want to give it to him or not. Mrs. Mathers' baby boy wouldn't want it any other way.     