 No, this is not Play part 2. Let that be known from the start. So if you're looking for that then don't even listen to this CD. 18 however, IS, a sweet pleasure and does seem to smooth you out whenever you listen to it. Let's take a deep look into this: 1.) We Are All Made of Stars - Yes, this is the song you have been hearing EVERYWHERE. Good song, very metaphorical. Not quite sure if it is first single material though. 2.) In This World - Vintage Moby. Great song with a sample of an old gospel song. Jennifer Price's vocals are amazing. Some say the best love songs are those sung to God. Can't argue with that! 3.) In My Heart - Lot's of keyboard sounds on here. Very soothing with awesome vocals by The Shining Light Gospel Choir. 4.) Great Escape - Azure Ray's vocals are illustrious. Very light listening song. 5.) Signs of Love - A Moby love song....picture that. And guess what? Moby is on vocals! Good song. 6.) One of These Mornings - Dianne McCaulley's singing can be felt from the bottom of her heart. It's almost as if she's singing directly at you. Makes you think a lot. Slow, catchy beat on this one. 7.) Another Woman - Weird sample on this one, but hey, Moby is the epitome of weirdness. 8.) Fireworks - Slow, melodic instrumental. Pure keyboard. 9.) Extreme Ways - Moby on vocals again. Weird song. 10.) Jam for the Ladies - Moby goes Hip-Hop. Angie Stone and the comeback of MC Lyte on this one. Groovy sound. 11.) Sunday (The Day Before My Birthday) - Depressing song but good. Is that Moby on vocals again? Just Kidding. 12.) 18 - Another slow instrumental. Makes you think of standing on top of a mountain. Cool flow to this one. 13.) Sleep Alone - As close as a Post 9-11 song from Moby as you're going to get. Slow, freaky song. Very weird sample on this one. Wait a minute....that's Moby! 14.) At Least We Tried - Classic, vintage, Freedom Bremner vocals on this one. Very Good! Great break up song. 15.) Harbour - Wonderful song. Sinad O'Connor on vocals "Washing down the heart-ache". 16.) Look Back In - Yet, another, keyboard-laced instrumental. Any elevator music fans out there? 17.) Rafters - Shauna and Lorraine Phillips on this one. Lot's of humming on this one. Good song. 18.) I'm Not Worried At All - Hey! It's The Shining Light Gospel Choir again! Relaxing tune. Post 9/11, it only makes me think why didn't this album come out a few months earlier. Some moments are a bit too depressing though. Like on "Sleep Alone" where Moby sings, "At least we were together, holding hands, flying through the sky." But then again, Moby does seem like he came straight out of the depression period. With Moby, everything is enjoyably predictable.     