 In Search of....is unquestionably a brilliant record. The Neptunes are known for lacing some of todays top artist with slammin' tracks. One would think they would offer us with the same kind of radio-friendly music with their LP under the name N*E*R*D. Unpredictably, they take a turn to the left and hit us with this fresh, innovative album. From the club-friendly beggining "Lapdance", you might find yourself dancing and not even listening to the lyrics. At first listen, it seems like Pharell Williams is talking about strip clubs when in actuality, he's schoolin' us on how politicians jerk us of our civilian rights. "Things Are Getting Better" sounds like Bootsy Collins mixed with Jamiroquai, that leaves us with a smile in our hearts. "Brain" may seem about a song about a guy who's diggin' a ladies mind when in fact the song is about oral sex. Williams and his partner Chad Hugo said in a interview that about 90% of this LP is metaphorical. And a close listen can confirm that right away. As a matter of fact, N*E*R*D's lyrics can be taken in a few ways, and that's what makes this offering worth you hard earned money. "Run to the Sun" is another cleverly written song that proves to us that not only are the Neptunes terrific producers, but astounding song writers also. The song is actually about Williams' grandmother who recently was diagnosed with leukemia, but at first listen, it just seems like your regular romantic love song, talking about having a little get away. Pharell says that this song is about how he wishes he could escape out of the earths orbit with his granny to escape all the troubles of everyday life. Talk about deep,thought-provoking . "Rock Star" is a straight out "poser" bashing anthem thats catchy as they come. Another cut that stands out is the depressing, "Bobby James". This song is about a young boy who gets bullied in school and contemplates suicide. Think blink-182's "Adams Song" mixed with Eminems stories about the recieving end of getting bullied. "In Search of...." is a new creative, breath of air being blowed into todays uncreative, fad-driven, forgetable music being put out. The Neptunes along with their friend Shay, may be in search of....creative music. Or in search of....a new form of music. Or, in search of innovative music. Whatever it is, N*E*R*D acheived whatever it was in search of and did it with a fresh perpective. This album is a must-have for any music fan of all aspects of music. ... There isn't one cut that's a filler. Every song has it's purpose on here. Not quite 5 stars but more like 4 and a half. But, since I can't give a four and a half, they always say to round up right? So Five it is!     