 Sean Combs has always laced hip-hop fans with some of the hottest tracks to dance to. That is his sole purpose with this disc. Yet ANOTHER remix album by another artist. Whether it's Limp Bizkit, Destiny's Child, or even Diddy's own ex-girl J-Lo, people are scramming to make remix albums. Why? I don't know. I guess for the sole purpose of just making more money. But, mostly all the remix albums previously released by a most artist have not been any good. Garbage. Pathetic. Lousy. You get the point. Such is not the case as far as this album goes. This project makes you dance and is a sure satisfaction for mostly all hip-hop fans. The "Special Delivery Remix," is a slammin' track with very good lyrics being spit by all artist involved. It also features the return of ex-Bad Boy employee Craig Mack. People can argue all day about who rhymed the best on this one. The recently out-of-jail, Keith Murray is on top of his game on this track also. The Two "I Need a Girl" versions are good but nothing spectacular. Which makes one think why didn't they just release the original version of the song? It's clearly better than both versions on here. Moving on, other highlights include "Unfoolish", which is Ashanti's hit, "Foolish" revamped. This features an appearance of the late, great, Notorious B.I.G. which is a verse from an old hit of his whom he recorded with R. Kelly. The "That's Crazy Remix" is also a fun track with guest stars Missy Elliott, and the always pimped out, Snoop Dogg claiming he'll "do a track for a sweat suit and a chain because it's all in the family." Which brings us to the downside of this album. "So Complete" which features the new Bad Boy Diva, Cheri Dennis, sounds completely out of place. But, this is a nice move by P. Diddy as his purpose for placing her on here is to present her to the masses as he tried to do on last summers, "P. Diddy and the Bad Boy Family, The Saga Continues." Ms. Dennis definitely has the talent but she just hasn't gotten the right beat to compliment her voice. The Remix to "Notorious B.I.G." should have no place on here whatsoever. It's an old song and should be left alone. It's not like the first version was something to call a great hit. Hearing Lil' Kim alone is annoying enough. The Faith Evans remix track, "You Gets No Love", is horrible. An awful choice to sample for this song. I would like to quote Chris Tucker from the second installment of Rush Hour, "Maaaan, destroying a classic!" Even Marilyn Manson did a better job with this sample. Over all, this is a decent LP compiled by Mr. Combs. Not great, but not bad either. A pretty good album compared to recent remix albums actually. Not quite four stars but more like three and a half. It seems like more artists are planning remix albums. Good God, I hope this trend fades out quickly.  Best Tracks :  1.) Special Delivery Remix 2.) I Need a Girl (Part 2) 3.) I Need a Girl (Part 1) Worst Tracks :  1.) You Gets No Love Remix 2.) So Complete Remix 3.) Notorious B.I.G. Remix     