 The Best of Both Worlds is a corporate label's wet dream. Both Shawn Carter (Jay-Z) and Robert Kelly (R. Kelly), have proven themselves to be the best at their art at the current time. Hence, this LP's title. Unfortunately, if you are extremely familiar with both artists' work, it's quite easy to see both could have created a better album than this one. But nonetheless, this album shines. From the dramatice opening song (The Best of Both Worlds), to the playful closing ending (P_s_y). Once listening to the entire LP, it's plainly evident that these two talented brothers had fun creating this music. The best track without a doubt is "Take You Home With Me a.k.a. Body". The latter demonstrates Jay-Z's creative, witty word play that has made him the great lyricist that he is today, and also showcases R. Kelly's ability to make just about every song he is involved with a hit. "P_s_y", which graces us with a playful appearance by Devin the Dude, is what sexy, explicit, hip-hop songs are all about. "Somebody's Girl" leads us to assume how successfully Jigga can make up a rap with ease. While other rappers struggle to make hits, S. Carter can create them so easy that it is downright scary. The same thing could be said for his counterpart, R. Kelly. Songs like "Naked" seem completely out of place as it seems like it's a left over track from Kelly's TP-2.com. "It Ain't Personal" and "Shake Your Body" are pure filler cuts. The albums one and only flaw is the production. Trackmasters are no doubt, premier producers in the hip-hop music genre, but this album makes you feel like they're uncapable of carrying an entire LP. At mid-point their production seems tiring and way familiar. It should be noted that Tone of the Trackmasters was responsible for the majority of the production. Maybe he should've let Poke have more say. A beat from The Neptunes would have been perfect for this album. Even Kanye West who was responsible for a few tracks on Jay-Z's classic, "The Blueprint", would have been a nice addition to the production on this LP. Still, you get the feeling that if Hova and Kelly would have put in that little extra effort this project would have been better. But the bottom line is, this is the final product, and it's definate satisfaction for the Jay-Z & R. Kelly fans out there. As Funkmaster Flex would say, A "Club Banger!"     