 There are a lot of things going for this film. Anyone who knows the films of William Castle knows that they are schlocky, gimmicky & always entertaining. I saw this as a child and was frightened repeatedly; it never came out on video so I taped it off AMC or TMC. Imagine my surprise on DVD, a perfectly crisp & clear transfer with great sound...and Von Dexter has composed the scores for Castle's best films, and he does not disappoint. The DVD is great because it has extras...spoilers, for those who haven't seen this...one previous reviewer... gave away the suprise ending. Never mind. Even knowing this film well encourages repeated viewings. Jean Arless, of course, is the centerpiece here, and it's a good thing she didn't use her real name (the actress, Jean Marshall, didn't want to be "type-cast"...). It's really an exercise in over-acting and she did not hold back! I don't know how Castle convinced the great acting coach, Eugenie Leontovich, to perform in his film, but it's a treasure. She doesn't actually have a lot to do except glower & look scared, but it's a confident display of a true master. Glenn Corbett and Patricia Breslin (a popular TV actress of the period, The Jackie Cooper Show) were very good-looking and played the ingenue sweethearts that you genuinely liked. I would like to know what happened to Richard Rust (the handsome Jim Nesbitt character). He died young, but his career should've been grander. OK...so, notice this: When the detective visits Breslin at her flower shop, has Nesbitt identify her, and they leave...why does he put on the police car siren as they drive away? What doctor prescribed the prescription that Emily went to fill? When Corbett's character suggests to Warren that it was "a similar pattern as the Adrins murder"...to what was he referring? There are so many inconsistancies, most of which come to mind after the resolution of the plot, and, sure, Castle said it was an homage to "Psycho" (checking into a hotel, etc.) and some of the well-directed camerawork showed the Hitchcockian shots that reminded the audience that they should keep alert (the knife in the magazine, etc.). Remember when doctors made house calls...? He happened to be in the neighborhood? William Castle is not one of our greatest directors of all time. But, to be sure, he probably took more pride in his work than most. He also worked exclusively with original screenplays. They may be criticized for being derivitive, but he certainly made every film his own, and carried it one step further. I like this film, on many levels...but I happen to be an afficiado of bad acting and unbelievable plots. 13 GHOSTS had humor; THE TINGLER was certainly far-fetched (but kept everyone wondering) and HOMICIDAL was probably his most well-plotted, just enough to make it "special" from PSYCHO. If you've read this far, you're probably a fan of the film. And, so am I. CASTLE RULES! When will "Macabre" be available?Only drawback is that it's not in Widescreen. Otherwise, print is crisp & clear.     