 The DVD's been out a while and I finally got it. This is a worthy film on many levels; as one reviewing predecessor said, there was no baggage to bring along: it could be as new and daring as it wanted to be. Certainly, this is unsettling in its premise, and, in 1951, probably freaked everyone out. I saw it about 10 years later as a little kid and was seriously affected by its message. That final scene of the rocket launch has been repeatedly referred to in most SciFi anthologies. I don't know the work of Rudolph Mate, the director, but he kept things going at a swell pace. The script and editing were appropriate, also, to keep interest. As in all SciFi films, one's thoughts must be provoked and tension should be created. "When Worlds Collide" has every element of great SciFi. The cast was well chosen. Richard Derr was solid as the lead character, delivering some goofy lines so they didn't sound as goofy as they were. Great confidence, though I've seen him in a few Outer Limits episodes and not much more. Barbara Rush is customarily concerned, and John Hoyt is wonderfully hammy as the bad rich guy. Hayden Rorke ("I Dream of Jeannie") and Frank Cady (Sam Drucker in "Green Acres"/"Petticoat Junction") found success on TV. Cady in particular was fun to watch, in retrospect. This won the Oscar for Special Effects in 1951. The previous year, "Destination: Moon", another George Pal production won that award, and two years later Pal won again for "War of the Worlds". When onethinks back to that era, if you can imagine, it must've been wonderful to see this kind of entertainment for the first time. 50+ years later, I'm as comfortably entertained as ever, probably more so. Though much of the special effect footage was done with "fake" looking artwork (by the brilliant Chesley Bonesteil), it all worked for me. References to Biblical stuff (the Ark) were not entirely inappropriate. All in all, "When Worlds Collide" belongs in the film library of every serious SciFi afficianado.     