 "Mourning Becomes Electra" is notable for many reasons.RKO Studios was trying to get the word out that it was a serious studio making serious pictures. The original film featured an Overture, Intermission & Entr'Acte, which explains various discrepancies in the running time. The DVD, long overdue, is fine, and in a 159 minute running time. This "prestigious" film still fell flat at the boxoffice, and subsequent cuts were made to make it more palpable to the Post WW2 public. O'Neill is not to be fooled with, not should his work be taken lightly. His works certainly were showcases for Actresses in Oscar-friendly performances (Garbo in "Anna Christie", Kate Hepburn in "Long Day's Journey Into Night", and Roz Russell in this one; all nominated). Indeed, Roz was expected to win the Oscar in 1947; there seemed to be no question about it, and when she lost to Loretta Young for "The Farmer's Daughter" (a comedy, no less) there was an audible gasp from the audience. Actually, Loretta probably deserved it, because Roz' performance is inconsistant at best. Surely, she handles the singularly amazing demands of this central character but often fell back into those hammy mannerisms that I've grown accustomed to from her. She was much better at comedy ("His Girl Friday", "My Sister Eileen", Auntie Mame"). It's admirable that she didn't succumb to any Joan Crawford histionics; rather gave a subdued, almost one-note performance. RKO also thought high-class demanded famous British actors, and there are a few; Michael Redgrave (also nominated), Leo Genn and a fine performance from Henry Hull (as the Greek chorus). Redgrave was inconsistant, and Genn was OK. Katina Paxinou, the wonderful Greek actress (Oscar winner in "For Whom the Bell Tolls"), was miscast, if only because of her accent. The performance was good, but you'd think a woman who'd been in this country for so many years would've shed some of that accent. It just felt out of place for this very American piece by a very American playwright. Maybe the powers-that-were thought a Greek actress would be appropriate for this up-dating of the "Oresteia". I didn't dislike the film. O'Neill is certainly an acquired taste, and I was never bored. Production values were fairly high, and I appreciated the generous close-ups (thanks to director Dudley Nichols) and the crisp b&w cinematography of George Barnes. His use of shadows and back-lighting add immeasurably to the proceedings. Despite the fairly elaborate sets, this is really a filmed play, and the dialogue is the driving force. Definitely a curiosity, I would recommend this film to fans of O'Neill, and forgotten Hollywood artifacts.       