 I've read the other reviews, and am surprised that so many people missed so much! I was epecially annoyed that one reviewer mentioned that it was "dated"; this can only be attributed to the brilliant Mike Nichols creating a period piece (the '80's). The immense amount of subtle humor certainly alleviated the grotesque allegory that was taking place. Without that element, this would've been downer-city. Example, Prior (Justin Kirk) wrestles with the Angel (Emma Thompson), and when it's over, the angel announces that she pulled a muscle and needs a break. Also, my favorite, Joe's Mormon mother (Meryl Streep) asks Prior if he's a hairdresser. He responds, saying that if he was, it'd be her luckiest day. Even the evil Roy Cohn (Pacino) makes jest of his plight. And then there's Streep as the cynical rabbi. I was very amused and entertained. My point is, that if you think this is a downer about HIV/AIDS, it covers much more than that. Motivations are explored, as in the relationship of Prior and Louis (Ben Shenkman); as well as the Mormon couple, Joe (Patrick Wilson) and Harper (Mary-Louise Parker). As far as the complaints I'd read about the dialogue, I thought every line of delivery by all of the above-mentioned was real and sincere...Emma's, however, was written to be interpreted by Prior, the ultimate drama queen, as he saw it. "Angels in America", as presented on HBO and directed by Nichols, is breathtakingly powerful. At 6 hours, it never fails to entertain. I'd had the DVD since March, when it was first released. I only watched it the other day, waiting for the right time to absorb the whole thing. And, yes, now I must watch it again (as a previous reviewer recommended).  This was nominated for practically every Golden Globe, Emmy, etc., that was available. The many fine male performances I'm sure caused confusion (leading/supporting?). I was impressed with Pacino, Streep and the wonderful Jeffrey Wright (as another sort of Angel), and EVERYONE involved, but in the long run, I was most impressed with Justin Kirk as Prior. He had the toughest part, and was seamless in his portrayal, so very  diverse. This is monumental in its achievement, and I wish everyone could see it to get a feeling of the attitudes at the beginning of the AIDS crisis. One nice thing about the film/play, is that, with the exception of Roy Cohn, everyone is a nice person at heart.My complaint about the DVD, especially at the price, is that there are absolutely NO extras. Commentary from any of the brilliant talents involved would be welcome, as well as a chapter-selection that allowed getting into and out of each of the 6 chapters. Even a making-of extra would be nice. Still, worthy of your time.          