 "In the Heat of the Night" won the Oscar for Best Picture of 1967. I was a Freshman in college that year, and all the talk was about "Bonnie and Clyde", a great film. "The Graduate" was doing the art-house circuit, and wasn't widely seen at the time. "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner" was, at the time, considered ostentatious (a rich Black man marrying the daughter of a rich White couple...how shocking!); the fifth nominee that year was Rex Harrison's "Doctor Dolittle", but I don't want to talk about that. I find that, 25 years later, I pull out "In the Heat of the Night" to get my kicks from brilliant film-making, as well as good suspense and fine acting and direction. This was Norman Jewison's first nomination for Direction, and not his last. Some say he lost it to Mike Nichols for "The Graduate" because Nichols probably should've won for his debut film effort, "Virginia Woolf?".Maybe. Some say Rod Steiger won his acting Oscar because he lost in '65 for "The Pawnbroker". I doubt it. In my humble opinion, this was Steiger's penultimate role, a man who  is so sure of himself, yet is taken down a peg by someone better. He will never show his insecurity, though you know it's there. I also believe, after watching this often, that Steiger's Gillespie is NOT racist, merely dealing with a racist environment. It's mentioned that he's the new sheriff, but it never says where he came from. This is good, because Steiger starts from scratch, builds a compelling character, shows a bit of lack-of-control, and it makes him nervous an wonderfully vulnerable. His mind is usually open. Virgil teaches him; hence, whatever happens later can only be for his benefit. Great characters. Poitier was in 3 good films in 1967: this one, "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner", "To Sir, With Love". I'm sure that, when nomination time came, his votes were divided. For this reason alone, I think he would've won. The performances of Lee Grant, Quentin Dean and Scott Wilson (he was in "In Cold Blood" that year) were stellar. The great old gospel singer, Jester Hairston, also had a small role; he dubbed the singing for Poitier's Oscar winning role in "Lilies of the Field" ("Amen!"). Interesting stuff! Sterling Silliphant's screenplay won the Oscar hands-down, a riveting narrative of a complicated book. The greatest thing about Steiger's performance is that you know nothing about him or his background when the film begins, or even when it's over. What you know is that he's stuck in a place he doesn't like and no one likes him; there are suggested gay overtones, especially when he's in his home and he and Virgil talk about loneliness. It's quite profound when he doesn't get the answer he wants. There's also the great Beah Richards, in a small cameo, as Mama Kaleba; a sweet but nonetheless reprehensible character; she was nominated that year for "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner", as Poitier's wonderfully heart-broken mother, a fine performance. Yes, 1967 was a great year. "The Graduate" broke a few barriers; "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner" broke some, and, certainly, "Bonnie & Clyde" made bad guys look good. Don't forget Richard Brooks' "In Cold Blood"...A great year, but I still think "In the Heat of the Night" is the film I prefer to watch.     