 I think if "The Right Stuff" was released in any other year, it would've won every award. Nominated for only 8 Oscars, it won 4 technical awards (Sound, Editing, Music & Sound Effects). Based on Tom Wolfe's book, which is a non-fiction account of the beginnings of America's flight/space program, I'm sure it missed on Philip Kaufman's very original take on the whole idea (hence, no nomination). Indeed, Kaufman's original screenplay and superb direction (also not nominated) kept the narrative absolutely riveting, even at 3 hours. There is nothing wrong with this film; it's as good as American film could be.  Most interesting is that Kaufman's screenplay didn't have to invent  characters; and they were, indeed, "characters". They were living & breathing types who were committed. I'm sure the Academy didn't know what category to put him in (like Oliver Stone's "original" screenplay for "Nixon" or the Coen Bros. (adapted?) of "O Brother, Where Art Thou?", both nominated). 1983 was a year of wonderful films. "Terms of Endearment" won for best Picture, and Ingmar Bergman's "swan song", "Fanny & Alexander" won all the art awards (Cinematography, Art Direction, Costumes). It can only be the idea of the Academy that rewards must be given to the great guys; maybe a guilt trip. I remember this film being at the top of practically every "10 Best" list. Well, enough of that! The Academy has missed many times. What we have here is a film of power and interest, brilliantly conceived and beautifully photographed. The central character really has to be Chuck Yaeger (well played by nominated Sam Shepard). Ed Harris (as Glenn) made his mark, and the following year proved himself in "Places in the Heart". Barbara Hershey has always been underrated, and she's as good as they get (she was given the role only days before filming started). Indeed, the female roles are given second seat to the great male characters; Pamela Reed, Kathy Baker, Veronica Cartwright, and, especially, the great Kim Stanley. Jane Dornacker, as Nurse Murch, is a special treat. All great! There's some improvised nonsense between Jeff Goldblum and Harry Shearer that is wonderful and keeps the whole silliness in perspective, though these guys are dead-set on serious stuff. The interaction among these guys is smart, revealing and educational. Fred Ward and Scott Glenn are fine; I was especially taken by Dennis Quaid as Gordo Cooper, a relaxed performance. Since the film ends in 1964, I wish there was more reference to Deke Slayton (Scott Paulin) and Wally Schirra (Lance Hendrickson). This is a wonderful ensemble film, but it centered on only 5 of the 7, as well as Yeager. It is a tribute to Yeager, as he deserves it. The other guys had so much to tell. I did not want this movie to end!!!    This new DVD version is WONDERFUL!     