 I really like this film! Michael J. Fox has always been at his best when he does the fantasy thing, and he's in top form here. I won't go into descriptions of stuff, because it's all been said. Fox has an energy that's unending, belying the sad trials of Parkinson's that he subsequently acquired. Peter Jackson is best known for "Lord of the Rings", but his earlier work is quite profound (don't forget the haunting "Heavenly Creatures", giving Kate Winslet her big break). He shows a definite flair for fantasy. The make-up effects are bizarre, and the whole plot is so outrageous that it could only be pulled off with loads of humor, which is delivered in spades! The DVD gives an excellent transfer of the film, both in sound and picture, but the only extras are written biographies and production notes. I would've loved to see some interviews. This is the first film to present state-of-the-art special effects outside Hollywood (Jackson's own New Zealand), though I think it was filmed in the USA; Robert Zemeckis was the producer. Jackson also co-wrote the very clever script. The acting shows much dedication to the subject matter. It's a stellar cast, including Dee Wallace Stone (hard to think she was the mom in "E.T."); John Astin, Chi McBride & Jim Fyfe as good ghosts; Jake Busey (a natural as the psychotic ghost); Julianna McCarthy (excellent as the domineering mother); Peter Dobson (obnoxious by-stander); and the wonderful Lee Ermey, repeating his role from "Full Metal Jacket" as the marine sergeant ghost. A riot. The lovely Trini Alvarado could be confused for Andie MacDowell, except Trini has more facial expression & character. She's quite fine. The GREAT performance in the film is from Jeffrey Combs, as the eccentric FBI inspector who's the true psychotic of the bunch. It's over-the-top and thoroughly entertaining. Danny Elfman's music adds his usual plus to the already amazingly creative goings-on, to present a totally wonderful experience. Check this out to discover the genius behind the man who ultimately gave us "Lord of the Rings". This is a fine, fun film, as long as you let yourself kick back and run with it. You can't be disappointed!     