 After reading a few reviews, I'm a bit confused, but I enjoy this 1.85:1 LBX because Ron Fricke's photography is all-consuming. I, too, saw this in theatres ("Koy", had to wait for "Pow" on DVD). The best thing about these DVD's is the side-shows, namely, the documentary interviews with Reggio & Glass. The films are riveting, and speak for themselves. One important thing Reggio said in the interview is not to ask why you're watching these films, but to relax and let them take you in. Reggio had an idea, and ran with it.  "Koy" was mostly centered in the American West, and, to me, basically said that what God has created is still there but man's already changing his ideas about how to make it better. Reggio also said that "Pow" takes place in the Southern Hemisphere, though most of the locations were Egypt, Nepal, Hong Kong, etc. The most stunning thing about this second film is the joy of life that surrounds these "backward" cultures. Who's to say what's "backward"? The important lesson is that technology could destroy eons of precious culture that exists simply because man hasn't been around to screw it up. Indeed, the photography in "Pow" (by Graham Berry & Leonidas Zourdoumis) seems to focus on brilliant colors and has less of the fast-forward stuff used in "Koy" by Fricke (suggesting that these are more relaxed cultures). The photography in both is exquisite, as is the music of Philip Glass (though it was more computer generated in "Koy", and a bit repetitive). My biggest argument with the DVD would be that I've been interested in some of the locations, and a commentary track would've been appreciated. These are films of great importance and influence. Reggio's first idea was sponsored by Coppola, long a fan of independent ideas. The second was by Coppola and Lucas, and I noticed that Soderbergh is mentioned as co-producer of the third, "Naqoyqatsi", as yet unreleased. Since "Koy", I've noticed the Reggio/Fricke influence in many of the commercials on TV. (Yes, I watch TV!).I like these films; they're thought-provoking and, somehow, visualize ugliness in the most beautiful way. Let them take you away.     