 I saw this back in the 60's. It captivated me by it's unusual concept, which, led me toward a love of musical drama and opera. I was in high school. I immediately bought the soundtrack LP album. Hearing it is wonderful, but this new DVD version is spectacular! Knowing more of French now (though not that much) I recognize that the subtitles are more correct now than when originally released (I bought the badly faded VHS version a while back). Previous reviewers have covered most everything and I'll try not to repeat. One thing that bears repeating is that Catherie Daneuve was the most beautiful woman in the world, then as now. (Subjective, but few will disagree). A fan of musical films, I'm amazed at how the voices seem to seamlessly flow out of the mouths of the actors, since it was dubbed by real singers. The acting remained intact, without the efforts of the vocal ability involved. This restoration pretty much retrieves the original intention of production designer, Bernard Evein. The colors are so grotesquely vivid as to compliment the idea of the sung dialogue. It is indeed a modern fairy tale...young love ain't always what it seems. Jacques Demy took a chance, and gave us a unique film experience of classic proportions.  Nominated for Best Foreign Language Film at the '64 Oscars, it was then nominated in '65 for 4 more after it's American general release (Song "I Will Wait for You"...a standard now...as well as screenplay, original Score and Adapted Musical Score.) I watched an hour of this film before I realized the subtitles weren't on. I was still riveted after all these years. When I first saw this, I was getting over my first pangs of lost love. I can't think of another film that will bring you to those same bitter-sweet moments of your past. So beautifully presented, so naturally acted; you soon forget that they're singing all the time (great voices, too). Ellen Farner, as Madeleine, gives the best performance (she looks a lot like Katharine Ross), her every nuance is heartfelt. This film is so perfectly set-up by Demy, that you can't help be taken away. Have tissues handy.     