 I just bought this double-movie DVD and am most impressed. The films, themselves, are entertaining, but the greatest feature is that on each film, Corman has an interview describing his motivations regarding each film. This in itself is wonderful, as I've always admired Corman...indeed, he is one of our finest to create a substantial body of work as somewhat of an "indpendent", not relying on studio politics. I found his observations as riveting as the films themselves. FOR EXAMPLE: I always wondered why "The Premature Burial" starred Ray Milland instead of Price. Corman explains that he wanted this as an independent break from AIP, and Price was under contract with AIP. That it was ultimately made by AIP is another interesting point (see for yourself). ALSO: Floyd Crosby was the cinematographer for most of Corman's Poe films; he was ruined by the McCarthy witch-hunt, though an oft-decorated war hero, and Corman didn't care. All he saw here was a talented photographer. ALSO: He tried out a new and up-coming cinematographer for "Masque", the wonderful Nicholas Roeg, whose reputation now speaks for itself. ALSO: "Masque" was supposed to be the second in the Poe series, but Corman's favorite and most-admired director, Ingmar Bergman, had just released "The Seventh Seal", and Corman thought there might be comparisons. I don't want to tell you too much about these wonderful interviews with Corman, but I would recommend you watch these before each film. The insight is most profound. "The Premature Burial" has never been released on VHS or DVD, so this is a first. The transfer is excellent, and the use of color is quite stunning...the reddist reds, deepest browns, and the usual Corman eeriness, i.e., lots of fog. I liked this one, though it was never my favorite of the Poe films. It's definitely worth your attention, with a twist ending. "Masque" is one of Corman's most admired Poe films. Corman admits that it's the only screenplay that required re-writes, adding the "Hop-Toad" sequences. Jane Asher is gorgeous, as is Hazel Court (in both films), and there's a wonderfully nasty featured role by Patrick McGee. Corman also had a bigger budget and more time to make this. Here again, the use of color is prevalent, but not red as you might think. The greens and blues seem to represent bad guys. Both films are presented in a good Panavision 2.35:1 LBX, which is great, especially in "Masque", which borrowed the sets from "Becket" and "A Man for All Seasons". (You COULD do worse...). They're gorgeous. This is a great package, not only for the very reasonable price. The interviews with Corman are essential to the ultimate appreciation of these films. Watch them first; then, enjoy! ALSO NOTICE: Maybe it's just me, but the vivid colors of the candles in the candlabras (in both films) seem to stand out. Great color photography!     