 I just got this DVD, having never seen "Helen". Well, aside from having Shelley Winters in common, both were directed by Curtis Harrington. It's a good lesson in what studio and budget can do for a film. "What's the Matter with Helen" is pure studio (United Artists) with high production values (Oscar nominated Costumes), true 30's period sets and a wonderful narrative written by Henry Farrell ("Whatever Happened to Baby Jane?"). Shelley has never been better and Debbie Reynolds is absolutely marvelous, as the two play mothers of teen-age sons sent to jail and escape together to Hollywood. Debbie dances and Shelley plays piano; Debbie wants to be a Jean Harlow type, while Shelley slowly descends into her Bible study. I won't blab away any plot points, but there is a great cameo by Agnes Moorehead, and Dennis Weaver is quite fine as a rich "McCloud"-type. There is real suspense that kept me guessing, a few twists, which all add up to a great period piece that's loads of fun and craziness. There's also a wonderful performance by Michael MacLiammoir whose sinister presence adds to the suspense. "Whoever Slew Auntie Roo?" (released in America as "Who Slew Auntie Roo?"), on the other hand, was a quickie by Harrington, with lower production values and filmed in England. They were also capitalizing on young Mark Lester (from "Oliver!"). Shelley, in this one, overacts shamelessly, though with this type of film, it's appropriate. It's basically a re-telling of "Hansel and Gretel" with obvious modern twists. It's no less entertaining than "Helen", but as released by American-International, no other distributor would touch it. There are wonderful performances by the likes of Sir Ralph Richardson, Lionel Jeffries and Hugh Griffith, but it's super-campy (very "70's") and did well at the box-office. Shelley went on to receive the last of her many Oscar nominations the following year (1972) for her over-the-top hammy performance in "The Poseidon Adventure". Perhaps it was the Academy's way of rewarding her for the great performance in "Helen". In 1961, movies centering on evil old women seemed to thrive ("Baby Jane", "Strait Jacket", "Hush...Hush, Sweet Charlotte", etc.), and, though "Helen" could stand on its own as classy entertainment, "Auntie Roo" kinda killed that genre. With its modest price and loads of the wonderful Shelley, this would be a welcome addition to your DVD library.     