 I have always been a fan of good (and bad) sci-fi, and the ALIEN series is still my favorite. Previous reviewers have gone over the plots, so I'll try not to do that. The first, ALIEN, was certainly riveting and suspenseful. Ridley Scott made his mark with this film. Sigourney, the ultimate hero, was really an ensemble cast member throughout most of the film, making no character more important than any other. I liked this touch, though the film was really a high-tech remake if "IT! THE TERROR FROM BEYOND SPACE". My favorite of the series is ALIENS, the second installment, directed by James Cameron (also, still trying to make his mark in Hollywood). This one also won the most praise and awards, including an Oscar nomination for Sigourney (and 6 others awards). Indeed, Sigourney's performance has more depth and range (the scenes referring to her daughter, left out of the theatrical release & the VHS versions, show a tenderness that is compelling.) The action is unrelenting, almost exhausting; non-stop excitement, due to absolutely brilliant editing (it lost the Oscar for editing to "PLATOON", which had one long beautifully edited action scene...this action goes from beginning to end. I would've voted for this one.) Cameron also used Bill Paxton in almost every one of his subsequent films. "ALIEN 3" got a bad rap. It's my 2nd favorite in the series. Again, a novice director, David Fincher, showed his flair for dark and brooding venues (later so brilliant in "SEVEN" & "FIGHT CLUB".) The most interesting thing about this third installment is that the alien was "bred" by a dog, and was essentially a mutant variety, one that Ripley couldn't out-guess. Ripley's own impregnation and subsequent demise was handled in a most effective manner. Also, fighting the alien with no weapons was an added challenge, met by a fine director and a stellar cast. The last of the series, "ALIEN RESURRECTION" was really only an example of Hollywood trying to capitalize on a successful series. Directed by Jean-Pierre Jeunet, the plot was a little more than contrived (considering the over-all substance of sci-fi films in general) and didn't get me as involved as the first three. My favorite scene was when the cloned Ripley meets the clones of herself that didn't quite turn out.  I saw all of these films in the theatre in their initial releases. I'm not sure if ALIENS was in a 2.35:1 widescreen, but it's presented here in only a 1.85:1 LBX. The others are all 2.35:1. A lot of people don't like Widescreen, but REAL film fans do, and I can appreciate seeing more of the picture. All of Cameron's other pictures were 2.35:1, and with the big budget he was allowed by Fox, I'm surprised he didn't take advantage of it. Or did he? I honestly don't remember. This whole series has a wonderfully consistant narrative flow; the different styles of the directors add a new touch to each installment. I really love this series.     