 I bought this film on VHS, widescreen, a few years ago, because I am somewhat of an AIDS activist and was impressed with the cast. After watching it the first time, I thought it was a bit too sentimental and tear-jerking. I've watched it since, and am amazed at what I missed the first time. First off, Eric Roberts (known for being nuts a lot) gives a admirably controlled performance, belying his reputation. He is truly wonderful; centered and sensitive. Every nuance is remarkable! I am so impressed. I've done some research, and found that Randal Kleiser put himself in the character of Brandon (Gregory Harrison), maybe to redeem his guilt trip. He'd apparently taken 10 years to put this film together, and found an outstanding, stellar cast; he should be given credit for talent and integrity. The gay community lambasted this film initially because of the stereotypes, but, hey, I thought this was a composite of life as it is...straight or gay...they were all there; the only unbelievable thing to me was that Nik called all his friends and they showed up. (This would never happen with me). One of the most amazing facets of the film was the editing of Ila von Hasperic, not only for the flashbacks, but the incredible group scenes, dialogue, scene shifts, etc. Most impressive! I think that if the ending wasn't so predictable, this is a film Altman would love to make. The ensemble cast was used to great advantage. There are terrific performances from Margaret Cho, Lee Grant, Bronson Pinchot (the snot you love to hate), Roddy MacDowall, Marlee Matlin and Olivia Newton-John (who Kleiser used to good advantage in "Grease"). Some fine moments to be aware of: Brandon turns on his TV and he's watching "Night of the Hunter", the scene where Shelley Winters' body is at the bottom of the river...suddenly he's with her, alone, looking for Nik. ("Night of the Hunter" is also the only film directed by Charles Laughton, thought a failure in its initial release). This is disturbing to me, because it suggests that suicide is OK. Under these circumstances, I'm not sure. It's a very unpleasant but positive argument. Olivia's final song (over closing credits) "Don't Cut Me Down" pretty much tells it all. This film is so full of great moments, and it gets very weepy throughout, but Kleiser has put together a narrative that is important now as much as in 1996. There's also "bite your tongue" humor, and sweetness. The absolute bottom line is that Eric Roberts knows how to keep his mouth shut. It's during these moments...his reactions...a simple phrase...makes me want to see him in other roles than those he's known for. I could see him doing Crowe's role in "A Beautiful Mind". Is that over the edge? See this film, and you might agree. He's never shown such control.     