 I saw this film in its first release, back in '62. I was only in high school and it was cool to see dead rats, etc., and lots of vicious crime. Nowadays, those of my age (when I saw the film) don't blink at slasher films. What happened?...This film scared the pants off me at the time. It's a genuine account of jealousy, delusional grandeur, and a slow descent into madness, a popular theme today but not often done as well. (I also saw the TV remake with the Redgraves, and didn't think it as smarmy as the critics, though not as good as the original.) This is the film that launched a deluge of "grand guignol" flicks using grand old dames of yesteryear...Tallulah Bankhead (Die! Die! My Darling!), Olivia de Havilland (Lady in a Cage), Joan Crawford (Strait-Jacket). Bette Davis (Dead Ringer); and others that don't immediately come to mind. The DVD has been around for a while, but I just got it, and was impressed, especially with the (printed) backgroud info. The legendary feud of Davis & Crawford was apparentlty fabricated; they wanted very much to work together. Davis was quoted as saying that "women were too smart to have feuds"... Indeed, the extras weren't live, but the DVD has crisp photography in a good 1.85:1 letterbox. It's not necessary to go into the plot and storyline, because if you're reading this, you already know this is a classic. Davis is, indeed, brilliant, and I think Crawford matches her every step of the way, in her own descent into despair. There are a lot of illogical plot points, such as why Crawford, with all her money, didn't get herself one of those wheel-chair staircase elevator-type things (like in Wm Castle's "Homicidal"), or an in-house elevator ("Lady in a Cage"). Also, Crawford's always alone in her room...why didn't she yell at the neighbors to say "hello"? This was Victor Buono's first film, and though he didn't play a bad guy (well, not really) he was subsequently cast as bad guys. Too bad. I thought he showed great promise in "Baby Jane" and wonder why his career went to hell. Robert Aldrich, a great and underrated director, used Davis and, briefly, Buono, in "Hush...Hush, Sweet Charlotte", another "grand guignol" type film, which I thought was great. He brought another old great actress, Agnes Moorehead, to an Oscar nomination. When will this be released on DVD? When classic actresses are so involved in making themselves look ugly to produce such a positive and overpowering effect..this, to me, is CLASS! Much of the credit goes to Aldrich, though he admits that Davis created her own ugly make-up, and was glad he didn't have to ask her to do so. See this on DVD, a really fine transfer. And let's rally for a DVD version of "Hush...Charlotte"; another misconception was that Crawford wanted to do "Hush" but was ill, so Bette suggested her good friend de Havilland. I guess the press starts stories because they sound interesting. That garbage isn't as interesting as the films themselves.     