 William Castle never fails to amuse and entertain. Wherever he falls short in production values or his choices of acting talent, he comes up with the most unique ideas. MR. SARDONICUS is certainly one of his more contrived plots, and his characters are all stock characters...good guy, gal in distress, bad guy, bad guy's evil side-kick...it's all there. The plot is as thin as dental floss, and the film, for all it's narrative, could've been shortened by a half-hour. Enter Mr. Castle with a groovy idea to put all these silly characters and plot ideas into an entertaining flow of events, culminating with his traditional "gimmick". As silly as it is, I love this movie. Castle used minimal sets; black & white photography is crisp and clear (especially on this DVD release) and Castle's regular Von Dexter composed yet another eerie and superbly appropriate musical score. Castle is the perfect example of making the most with the least. Audrey Dalton was approaching "over-the-hill" when she made this, and she's absolutely gorgeous; her face has a certain characteristic so that lack of expression is actually an asset. Ronald Lewis, used regularly during the early 60's in exactly this type of role, does what he needs to do (whatever happened to him?). Guy Rolfe chews the scenery as the rich, poor-put-upon title character with vigor beyond the requirements. It's Oscar Homolka, the fine old character actor from the 40's ("I Remember Mama") who actually transcends his role and commands attention. The film belongs to him. Then, again, there are the Castle touches, very much influenced by Hitchcock, in a bargain-basement kind of way. He leads the audience down every possible path, creates an eerie and somewhat suspenseful mood...then throws out his goofy and fun gimmick. I saw this in theatres when it first came out. As a kid, I was intrigued. As an adult, I'm amused and entertained, knowing now that I was totally taken in by Castle's style. The first time you see the ugly face, it can seriously disturb you. (As a kid, I had nightmares about that face.) The bottom line is that this is a fun film, not to be taken seriously, and rife with Castle charm. Grin and bear it! See this film.     