 The nominations and awards are out now, and "Good Night, and Good Luck" seems to be the Indie darling. It about a period of American history that is so embarrassing and, yet, so fascinating. A documentary from the 60's, "Point of Order", was all about the Army vs McCarthy hearings. This film is compelling from beginning to end. George Clooney definitely had an idea, and ran with it. His best choice was David Strathairn as Edward R. Murrow. He was certainly an excellent choice, and is excellent with everything the script asked him to do. Unfortunatey, aside from his blatant integrity, we end up knowing nothing about Murrow, as the man. Apparently, he's a family man, but no mention of the family seems to be important. Then, there's a big deal made about Robert Downey, Jr., and Patricia Clarkson being married. I wasn't sure why that was important, other than to suggest that married peope couldn't work at the station; also, they were the best at their jobs. Another thing that bothered me was that Mr.Clooney seemed to expect the general audience to already have some background before they come in. I had this background, but wonder if those going without this knowledge would understand how brutal and devastating this actually was. McCarthy was an egomaniac, and it's impossible to understand where he was coming from. Clooney handled this the only way possible, by using actual footage. Roy Cohn, "Angels in America" aside, was also shown for his true colors. David Strathairn gives a totally complete performance, given his script limitations. He gives Murrow the dignity and strength of purpose that were so much his trademark. If supporting kudos should go out, they should go to Frank Langella as Paley, the real reason Murrow was allowed to continue his assault on McCarthy. As I said, once McCarthy was unglued, Murrow's family faced lots of potential turmoil as a result. Regardless, Clooney opened the gates to see a slice of American life, shameful as it was, in the glorious black & white glory that we all experienced back when. This is a fine achievement, and worthy of your consideration.          