 This film relies largely on the believability of the kid-actors, and it works quite well. Veronica Cartwright has successfully gone from kid to adult roles. But whatever happened to Karen Balkin, the center of this film. She's magnificent as the spoiled rotten little brat...and Ive never heard of her since. I saw this film in its initial release when I was 14. I had read the play and thought it'd be interesting to see how the Lesbianism issue was dealt with. Well, I learned a lot from this film, which is most definitely NOT about Lesbians, but is about intolerance,  unconscionable spite and its consequences. This play was first filmed in 1936 as "These Three", also directed by William Wyler. The plot was entirely turned around with no suggestion of Lesbians. If you saw the film "Julia" (with Jane Fonda as Lillian Hellmann) it is regarded as Hellmann's most difficult as to resolution. Miriam Hopkins played Martha in the '36 film and returns here to play the goofy Aunt Lilly. Fay Bainter was nominated for Best Supporting Actress, coming out of retirement to (brilliantly) play the old matriarch grandmother of rotten little Karen Balkin. (Note: in the '36 version little Bonita Granville played the role and was nominated). Again, this film is not about any particular kind of sexuality, rather the devastation of spiteful lies. Hepburn & Maclaine are excellent and I disagree that Maclaine overdid the ending. Wyler was never known as an "intuitive" director; rather, relying on the intelligence of good actors & writers. The slow strides of gay-themed films is an interesting subject, the taboo first tackled by Vincente Minnelli in "Tea & Sympathy" in 1956 (and severely white-washed); "The Children's Hour" attempted the same and, though Production codes were more relaxed in '61, Hellmann's profound ending was also somewhat subdued. Ugliness of character has always been a favorite subject of playwrights and filmmakers; the rotten little kid routine has been overused by Hollywood.  If so many films are being remade these days, mostly crappy films to begin with, and with the new regime of interesting directors out there looking for material, why not re-do this as Hellmann intended? Evil children are a staple of Hollywood. Bonita Granville was, indeed, excellent in the first film version. But Karen Balkin's interpretation reminds me a lot of Patty McCormack in "The Bad Seed" (not a bad model). If there's a lesson to be learned, it's that once the damage is done, it's hard to recover. I also understand that there was a courtroom scene which was cut from the film. If this footage exists, I would love to see it in a DVD version. I'd like to know what happened to Karen Balkin. She was in the 60's what Jodie Foster was in the 70's (Taxi Driver), daring, intuitive and centered. I HATE bad kid-actors; good ones are priceless.     