 Either you like this film or you hate it. I saw it in its initial release back in 1966, and it had a momentous impact. One must realize that in the '60's, everyone was attempting new approaches toward everything; shock value was essential and surrealism was in a neo-phase. "Seconds" is profound, if nothing else. Mr. Frankenheimer is somewhat known for his "trilogy" ("Manchurian Candidate" and "Seven Days in May", along with this, all films about mistrust and alienation.) The fact that, in 1966, he also made "Grand Prix" is somewhat of a mystery; it won an Oscar for it's editing (action scenes) but the narrative itself was a trite and silly soap opera. I liked "Seconds" on many levels. The Oscar nominated photography of James Wong Howe is a bit artsy but creates quite an amount of tension and insecurity. (Note: this was the last year the Academy separated categories for Color or B&W; it lost to "Virginia Woolf?"). I understand this was orignally designed to be a TV episode, but I can't imagine it being stream-lined to a 52 minute show and remain coherent. Also, commercials would've damaged the flow. The screenplay by Lewis John Carlino (a fine and intuitive playwright) was tightly and carefully designed. The incredible intricacies of the plot demanded time to "soak in". The acting is first rate. I've always liked John Randolph, a fine character actor; Will Geer (pre-Grandpa Walton) and Jeff Corey (respected acting coach) have small but pivotal roles. Salome Jens, always great and never used often enough to good advantage, truly shines here. There's only one lead character, and the other half of Randolph's character is covered by Rock Hudson, in a career-turning performance. Many thought he'd get an Oscar. He was truly centered and in control. The final responsibility goes to the late, great John Frankenheimer who wove this bizarre series of events into a believable and very frightening narrative. Jerry Goldsmith was a great film composer in many ways, but I thought he sounded a lot like Les Baxter (the Roger Corman/Poe films). If you watch this film, make sure there are no distractions; keep your mind open and absorb. It's quite a remarkable film.     