 Avoiding this film in the video stores, I was prompted to rent it when Renee Zellweger was nominated for an Oscar. I've always liked her, from her initial appearance in "Jerry Maguire", to supporting Meryl Streep's Oscar nominated peformance in "One True Thing". (Everyone admires Meryl, but Renee deserved the nomination). The DVD version is loaded with out-takes & interesting stuff. Then we have the film, itself. I originally thought this might be one of those "women's" films and, being a fairly open-minded male, I opted for other fare. Imagine my surprise! This is a film, based on a very specific idea of a single woman's mind. Here is a woman with no idea what she's looking for, listening to her friends who are as desperate as her; to her mother, who's stuck in the 60's; to married friends who are as phony as $2 bills (or pound notes). She's clumsy, inarticulate, overweight; and totally loveable. Renee is from Texas and delivers the most perfect English accent since her former co-worker Streep (in "French Lieutenant's Woman"). Hugh Grant is smug and more confuident than usual, and Colin Firth seems to play his part not much differently than he did as the scorned husband in "English Patient". Good triumphs over evil, after many misunderstandings, love triumphs over all; but it's some of the very sensitive female secret psychological moments that our Renee draws us in; she gives in to despair, drinks a lot, alone at home, and, while channel-surfing, always seems to come across a channel featuring "animal sex", whether lions, tigers or bears...oh my...  Overweight, neurotic and totally out-of-touch, Renee Zellweger's Bridget is among the most delightful characters I've seen in a long time. Even "Entertainment Weekly" judged her as a long shot for an Oscar nomination because, face it, how do you compete with Alzheimer's, mother's losing children, etc.? This is a thoroghly engaging film with an outrageously courageous performance from the brilliant Renee Zellweger. I would vote for her, if I were able.     