 There's so much to say. I saw this in 1964 when it was first released, and thought to myself that George Axelrod was having writer's block, so he wrote a movie about it. Richard Quine directed most of the bubbly comedies in the 60's (which are now justifiably forgotten), and this is almost one of them. There are many things, however, that make this film compelling to a film aficianado (as I like to think of myself). The acting is unforgivably hammy, but the hamminess is energetic. Let's not forget that Hepburn (Roman Holiday) and Holden (Stalag 13), both won the top acting Oscars in 1953, and they were paired the following year by the great Billy Wilder in "Sabrina".  There, they had absolute chemistry; 10 years later...where'd it go? There are an awful lot of very clever one-liners. I liked most of them. Especially clever was when she was chased around the table by the vampire, and terrific product placement has a bottle of Heinz Steak Sauce visible. There are clever cameos from Noel Coward, Marlene Dietrich, Tony Curtis and Frank Sinatra (vocal).  Unfortunately, clever one-liners do not make a plot. There really isn't one. Still, it's some great actors having more fun than the viewer. Hepburn is quite radiant; Holden still has charm (mixed with smarm). There's also Fred Astaire singing "That Face", which I think is original for this film. Not a bad song. Referring to Audrey, the song is appropriate. She never looked so beautiful, even in "My Fair Lady", released the same year. I guess it's a pretty lousy film overall, though production values are high. The DVD has a nice 1.85:1 LBX, though Paramount had VistaVision, which was wider (20th Century Fox had Cinemascope, United Artists had Panavision, etc). The price is right, but if you want to really watch great actors chew up scenery, hammy 'n all, wait for the DVD release of "Hush...Hush, Sweet Charlotte". It might happen...It's a GREAT display of film-making and production values. As a film achievement, "Paris When It Sizzles" ...fizzles...     