 For some reason, I avoided renting this film (now, I think I'll buy it!). I hate to think that I'm swayed by critics, but,in this case, I guess I was. What we have here is a wonderful narrative of three very individual prople, escaping from prison (but "nice guys" so it's OK). Most of their collective motive is greed, but some great bonding ensues, friendships develop (new & old), conflicts happen, etc. Put it in the hands of Joel & Ethan Coen and you have (another) unique blend of movie-making and thought-provoking controlled insanity. I loved this film! What a pleasure to see John Turturro in a somewhat under-control performance. I'm not sure that I've ever heard of Tim Blake Nelson, but he's a brilliant actor (best in the film, I think), truly supporting an incredible performance from George Clooney. The two were a real "pair". Another reason I avoided this film was it's Oscar nomination for screenplay in the "adapted" category (suggesting its basis as Homer's Odyssey!). How presumptuous, I thought. Well,leave it to the Coen's. I don't know any mistake they've ever made in a movie: "Blood Simple", best murder mystery ever, "Raising Arizona", second best comedy ever; "Miller's Crossing", second-best gangster movie ever; and "Fargo", their best "everything" movie. I love the Coen's (though I admit I still don't understand "Barton Fink", though it was a wonderfully scathing comment on the Hollywood movie-making process).There's a continuing, innate sweetness about this film, though it pulls no punches. The Ku Klux Klan is presented as too organized and with political overtones...which may be true, and which may be the Coen's idea to expose this group as heartless and evil as they are (and, especially, were back in the 30's). Tackling some outrageously seriously themes, the Coen's have once again succeeded in making the ugliest of reality seem to be amusing and utterly entertaining. It must be very tough to make light of some of the most horrible moments in history...Mel Brooks did it and so did Benigni; Billy Wilder (Stalag 17) & Stanley Kubrick (Dr. Strangelove). One must admire the creativity & control involved, so as to not offend, present your material and have it accepted. It's called "Entertainment", and the Coen's deliver this up with side-dishes and garnish on the plate.     