 Elia Kazan has presented many of America's finest films, from "Streetcar", "On the Waterfront", and the incredible "East of Eden", finally available on DVD in a wonderful 2-disc version in a wide letterbox. In this case, the 2nd disc actually has stuff that is interesting, regarding casting, background info and wonderful commentaries from some remaining cast members (mostly Julie Harris) and Kazan himself. The amazing debut of James Dean, of course, is the #1 reason to have this in your collection. His performance is often improvised, much to Kazan's surprise and delight. He brought out elements in the character that even Kazan hadn't considered. Indeed, Dean is certainly of the Brando school, but there is no mimicry. This is a true original. It's anybody's guess where his career would have gone had he lived. Tabloids painted Dean as some kind of maniac, so I was interested to learn that his fatal accident wasn't his fault. I don't want to give away too much about the extras, because they give so much insight regarding Mr. Dean that I'd rather you enjoy them yourself. I will say that you should watch Raymond Massey in every scene, because Dean improvised almost every scene, and Massey, the seasoned pro, wasn't sure where to go with any scene, a great display by both. As you already know, this film is based on the last third of Steinbeck's novel. At this point, the character of Kate (one of the most manipulative, mean characters in literature) is sitting alone, old and rich, running a successful brothel. Jo Van Fleet, in her first film role, plays Kate with fierce conviction, with generous hints of her meanness. She most deservedly won the Oscar. Her abandoned husband, Adam (Massey) and 2 sons Cal (Dean) and Aaron (Richard Davalos) are only 30 miles away. Cal learns that his birth mother may be around, maverick that he is, and he searches her out. The relationship that develops when Cal finally meets Kate is the catalyst of the first part of the film. His ongoing alienation with his father pretty much covers the second half, some great improvisation and a bewildered Massey. Priceless. Previous reviewers thought Julie Harris was too old to play Abra, but it worked for me (4 years earlier she was nominated for Best Actress for playing a 12 year old in "Member of the Wedding"). I'm sure it's subjective; I've always loved Julie Harris. Massey was wonderful as the father who loved the one son and had no use for the other, which made Cal work harder for that affection. The father/son alienation is very well established. Richard Davalos was great as Aaron, and I'm not sure what happened to his career. Then there's Lois Smith...Kate's barmaid/servant; so wonderful as Nicholson's sister in "5 Easy Pieces", and later loads of fun as Aunt Meg in "Twister". Too much to say about this very complicated, compelling film adaptation, except that Kazan made this after his testimony to the House of Unamerican Activities, where he tattled on his colleagues. His integrity was challenged in Hollywood after that, but he stil received a nomination for this film. He would receive another in 1963 for his very personal "America America"; later settled for an honorary Oscar a few years ago for lifetime achievement. His body of work is most certainly respectable and deserving of recognition, but many remembered and it was an embarrassing Academy moment. This creates a great argument about when art should be separated from politics. One interesting thing about James Dean, which was a "Jeopardy!" question a few years ago...he is the only person to be Oscar nominated twice, posthumously (it took a year after he finished "Giant" before it was released).Regarding "Rebel Without a Cause"? It was an updated version of Dean's performance in "East of Eden", but the alienation was differently presented by Nicholas Ray, and Dean had 2 loving but bewildered parents. Any film aficianado or James Dean fan should have this DVD of "East of Eden". It's so beautifully photographed, and presented so well by Mr. Kazan.        