 I saw this film in 1963 in its initial CINERAMA release...the first film to do Cinerama with one camera (the other narrative films in Cinerama--The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm & How the West Was Won--were done in the original 3 camera process). This is not only historic in that sense, but that it's Stanley Kramer's first comedy and that it has practically every GOOD comic of its generation, and many from before. The extras on this DVD also include interviews suggesting that everyone in Hollywood wanted to be in this film. Kramer's only other comedy was "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner" and he retired shortly after. Stanley Kramer is so often criticized for being simplistic and relying on the powers of a good cast & script; mostly, I think, because film purists want him to be Orson Welles. Script & cast is enough for me. Few people can deny that "The Defiant Ones", "Inherit the Wind" and "Judgment at Nuremberg" are among our finest American films.I'm annoyed with this DVD that the Overture isn't included (the title song, originally, is sung during a dark screen, not a great song, but Oscar nominated--I remember Sammy Davis, Jr. singing it in '64 for the '63 Academy Awards).I was in high school. I thought the film was very funny. It still is. The DVD has no end titles, but, if you see the extras, it'll not be a big deal. This is one of the only chances you'll have, captured on "film" to see Jonathan Winters in his original full glory. Rooney, Hackett, Caesar, Berle, Durante, etc.It's a joy to behold.In this horrible time of tragedy and the depression that it may encompass, we need a classic comedy. This may not be the classic comedy of all time, but the stellar cast provides examples of what American comedy has been all about from the beginning.I ordered this film from Amazon before the awful attack. When I received it, I was never so happy to get this simple, yet significant, film in the mail.(A 2.55:1 Widescreen is better than the VHS version which is only 1.85:1).These afterthoughts are good, because it means, I guess, that my mind was taken away for 3 hours and this is a good thing. Slapstick craziness, classic comic actors, Jonathan Winters...see this film. Life seems less serious and you'll have fun.Go America!!     