 I have to admit I'm impressed with many facets of "The Wiz"; seeing the great Lena Horne singing "If You Believe" is enough. She's still as gorgeous as ever. With the many up 'n  coming young Black actresses of the time, it's a shame they used Diana Ross to such poor advantage. In 1978, Debbie Allen or Irene Cara (and I'm sure, many others) could've really kicked some...with the role. Diana proved she could carry a lead role in 1972's "Lady Sings the Blues", but I'm afraid she didn't convince me in this role, though her performance was confident. Michael Jackson is so good at so many things; I'm glad he chose not to make any more narrative films.  Nipsey Russell (Tin Man) and Ted Ross (Lion) are wonderful, as is Mabel King (the bad Witch, Evillene). The immensely talented Sidney Lumet directed (12 Angry Men, Serpico, Network), and there's a consistant feeling of angst (I guess, as there should be, but wasn't so prevalent in the original "Wizard of Oz"). The true fantasy element was missing. Most of my comments to this point are perhaps a bit too subjective; it's very hard to review a film musical as recent (?) as this. The last great, successful film musical to this point was Norman Jewison's "Fiddler on the Roof" in '71. For some odd reason, the public lost its interest in great Broadway musicals transferred to the screen. Who can forget the brilliance of "My Fair Lady" or "The King & I"? They still work very well today. Why not "The Wiz" (or "Evita"). I have to agree that they simply don't have the same charm. Could it be George Cukor (My Fair Lady) or Walter Lang (King & I), the old-school, attention-to-detail kind of directors who brought their old-school charm and savvy to those films? Lumet is known for biting satire and gritty drama. "The Wiz" on stage is exhuberant and lively. There's really no social issue involved; "The Wiz", though all-Black, is totally devoid of any sense of racism (another social issue Lumet might've enhanced...and I'm very glad he didn't). "The Wiz" was nominated for 4 Oscars (Cinematography, Sets, Costumes and Adapted Score). I've been wanting to see this for many years and was pleased to find this at the video store on DVD (recently released). This is a worthy film, historically, for the reasons I've mentioned. I don't understand why the closing logo was in a 2.35:1 Letterbox, and the rest of the film was 1.85:1. The price, too, is way out of line, because there are virtually no extras (a trailer and some written character studies...Ross, Jackson, etc. could've been around to give some commentary ...or something...anything). The sets were quite stunning; a wider letterbox would've been appropriate. I would like to have seen the film directed by a less-controversial director...Herbert Ross or even Spielberg...since the most socially conscious issue is a young girl who only wants to go home. The musical adaptation by Quincy Jones was complete and most enjoyable. Do I love this film? No. But I admire so many things about it. See for yourself. Rent it, and, afterwards, decide if you want to buy it. Oh...what happened to the great old Hollywood musical...?     