 John Dee, the English mathematician and astrologer, was famous throughout Europe for his brilliance. Queen Elizabeth I visited his house many times. And Rudolph II, the Holy Roman Emperor, welcomed his visits. Yet Dee died destitute despite his fame and brilliance. 	His steep decline is a fascinating story, which Benjamin Woolley tells very well. He could have made a better job of his tale, though, if he had compared Dee's fate with that of his friend John Field, the English mathematician and astronomer. 	Instead, Woolley dismisses John Field with a couple dozen words. 	In 1555 Queen Mary had both men thrown in jail, in the same cell, as Woolley mentions. She suspected them of heresy because of Dee's work with magic.  	There was some risk that Queen Mary would burn both of them at the stake, as heretics. Instead, she let them go, but their fates were very different. She deprived John Dee of his post as rector of Upton, which he never regained. And, although Woolley doesn't mention it, Queen Mary knighted John Field in 1558 for his contributions to astronomy. 	Sir John Field, known in his time as "The English Astronomer," computed and published an astronomical ephemeris for the year 1557, based on the Copernican heliocentric system. This was the first publication in England of any document that directly claimed that the Copernican heliocentric system correctly described our solar system. It was a risky business for John Field and he could have been burnt at the stake for it. 	John Dee contributed a forward to John Field's ephemeris of 1557, in which he claimed credit for persuading John Field to compute his ephemeris. Then, as Woolley says, John Dee dropped form sight for six years. Sir John Field, on the other hand, steadily continued to compute and publish ephemerises for 1558, 1559 and 1560. 	Sir John lived in comfort and died owning much land and a hundred pounds sterling. He was ancestor of Cyrus Field, who laid the Atlantic telegraph cable and of Marshall Field, the Chicago department store magnate. 	Woolley has it that John Dee was the sole author of Sir John Field's ephemeris of 1557. In this he very much disagrees with J.L.E. Dryer, author of A History of Astronomy from Thales to Kepler, who mention Dee's forward to the 1557 ephemeris but credits Sir John with sole authorship of the actual ephemeris.  	Curiously, Woolley cites another of Dryer's books, Tycho Brahe: A Picture of Scientific Life and Work in the Sixteenth Century. He does not cite Dryer's A History of Astronomy from Thales to Kepler. Perhaps he has not read it. 	Buy his book anyhow. It's a fascinating work.     