 As a prof. of mine says, "you can always tell what's good about somehting so there's no need to discuss that" so I'll just address the parts that were a bit of a disappointment.  I first picked up a Harry Potter book for a course I was taking on the role of the adolescent in literature, in which I was supposed to do an annotated bib of modern YA novels. I begrudged Harry all the hype surrounding him, assuming that I would never fall for somehting so publicized. I was wrong. I read all four books back to back in two monthes and this was with a 15 credit course load at the same time, so enough said.  So in terms of the film, you can only imagind my excitement over its release on video (I'd been interested in it in the theaters just based on the adverts but couldn't get anyone too see it with me, at the time). I preordered the DVD from Amazon.co.uk and when it arrived my family insisted on my waiting for them to watch it, since my interest in the books had spread to them like wildfire by then (My fifty-one year old dad is just about to finish his turn through them all). The movie was so much like the book with the exception of the end that it left little for me to see new - that is I had already watched it as such in my mind and so if felt like nothing I was seeing was anything different.  I enjoyed being introduced to the characters for the first time, but I was surprised to find Harry the tallest of the group, when in the books Ron calls him a midget. Also, I personally thought Herminoe was almost too cute, since I always pictured her as being a bit homely - although my dad had a fit over how well she was cast, so I suppose good protrayal is a bit subjective. That aside, I liked the characters. I didn't even mind Daniel Radcliffe being the tallest eleven-year-old I've seen to date, he did such a nice job - exactly as I pictured Harry, aside from the height. While a lot of reviews criticized Rupert Grint for not being sarcastic enough in his role as Ron, I was pleasantly surprised after reading them, to find that I enjoyed him.  I think there were essentially three drawbacks to the movie that promtped me to give it four stars instead of five: The movie, prbably due to time constraints, had almost none of the satire that I loved so much in the book - it was like all the Harry Potter story with very little of the heart. I think this was not so much a fault of the actors, but that they just tried to fit too much else in. I would have preferred more good dialogue, even if it meant lengthening it or cutting out something. It was just lacking in this dept, which kept me from being completely "into" it so I felt very little empathy with the movie, unlike the book. The one exception was in the "Mirror or Erised" scene, which I thought was touching.  The other thing that I thought caused the movie to suffer was that they had Harry being much sharper and more sure of himself than in the books. Hermione was really the one who solved most of the mystery and the way they discovered Flamel on screen threw me a bit. Also, the entire encounter with Voldemort was changed. That bit felt more like "Harry Potter meets the Mummy," which was a letdown. I thought it odd that they would be so careful about detail and yet alter the most important scene so dramatically. Lastly, although I enjoyed the Quidditch scene, it too fast moving and at times, hard to follw, and looked a bit fake, especially when people got knocked askew on their broomsticks - more like puppets than people, really.  Although I outlined primarily what I considered to be flaws, I did enjoy the movie as a whole and am looking forward to the sequal. I was not thrilled with it, but pleasantly surprised, especially with the performances of the children, since child actors usually have a tendency to act too young or old instead of their supposed age level. I would recommend this movie to anyone, whether they read the books or not, but would say to read them first, anyway. I think it was better for me that I did. I'll probably end up buying the American version as well, and go to the Borders midnight Harry Potter party to do it, too. I am a loyal fan, so although I'm a little bit let down, I have faith in the future releases, and will be fairly content, as long as they're as good as the first.     