 `Public Schools, Public Menace' is an important and timely book that should be read by all parents.  It should also be read by every policy maker, voter, and taxpayer.  This book is broken down into two parts.  The first section is a thorough critique of the flaws in our current system.  The second part contains numerous options for parents who want to rescue their children from educational mediocrity.  The problems with the public (government) school system in the United States are rampant and well known.  Mr. Turtel does a thorough job of cataloging the numerous and inexcusable problems in our system.  He traces the historical decline beginning in the 1850s with the adoption of the Prussian model of education.   He continues on through the ongoing horrors of present times.  Anyone who does not understand the extent of the problem will after reading this excellent book.  The author does a superb job of documenting the replacement of Phonics based reading instruction with the so-called whole language method.  One illustration that he uses in this section is incredibly effective and on-target.  He shows how a person learning to read with Phonics has a relatively limited number of sounds to learn and can read a wide variety of things in a fairly short time.  On the other hand, a person learning to read with the whole language or look-say method must memorize virtually thousands of words to read.  He compares it to the incredible difficulty of memorizing the thousands of Chinese characters.  With this example, Mr. Turtel makes it possible for virtually anyone to understand the problem with American reading instruction.  He makes a similar point with `new math'.  Of course anyone who has dealt with cashiers in recent years can see how dependent workers are on calculators for even the simplest transactions.  One other extremely powerful point that he makes is a quote from award winning teacher John Taylor Gatto.  Mr. Gatto has said that it `only takes about a hundred hours to reach a willing child to read, write, and do basic arithmetic.'  Mr. Turtel goes on to ask:  "If this is so, what are public schools doing with our children for twelve years while they turn them into functional illiterates?"  The author contends that the core problem is not lack of phonics instruction, `new math', teacher tenure laws, etc.  It is the system itself.  He contends:  `The root problem is that local and state governments control 1st through 12 grade education in our country and suppress a voluntary free-market education system.'  He asserts that the solution has to do with ending compulsory attendance laws and having a separation of education and state.   This libertarian type approach is both revolutionary and refreshing.    I have had a similar viewpoint on the nature of the problem for years.   Although this first section of the book is important, it is not the most valuable part.  In the second part of this volume, Mr. Turtel goes through numerous options for getting one's children out of a broken system.  He goes far beyond traditional homeschooling and private school options.  He explores the whole new world of `Internet schools' and lists many that readers can check out.  This book is far better than many books that I have read on the pathetic state of public education in the United States.  Mr. Turtel does not just highlight the problem; he provides numerous solutions.  I highly recommend this book for everyone.     