 This is an extremely informative and well documented biography.  It is an important one to read due to the extreme ambition that Hillary Clinton has combined with the infatuation the establishment press has with her.  That combination makes her a strong possibility for the Democratic nomination for president in 2008, if not winning the election.  The author gives a thorough examination of the real Hillary Clinton.  She reviews some events of her formative years but really focuses on her life from her college days through the White House years.  She includes a great deal of material exposing Clinton's extremist politics, her phoniness, and her ethical shortcomings.  Additionally she touches on a bit of looniness as well as the extreme cunning that she has as a political operator.  The phoniness is illustrated in several ways.  Two of these will be touched upon briefly here.  One is the infamous baby story.  Everyone who remembers the 1996 presidential race will recall how Hillary was claiming that she and Bill were hoping to adopt another child.  Of course, that never happened.  Nor was it ever going to happen.  It was clearly a manipulation to attempt to make Mrs. Clinton appear to be more human.  Another was her claim to be a lifelong Yankees fan when she started running for the U.S. Senate from New York.  Anyone who believes that had better be concerned about his/her gullibility.  Another area that is explored well is Ms. Clinton's extremism.  Ms. Olson does an excellent job of recounting her radicalism in areas including the following: liberation theology, advocating for children to be able to sue their parents, defending Black Panther murderers, and the advocacy of giving much more parental control to government bureacrats.  Most are well aware of many of Clinton's ethical transgressions.  For those who are not, the author gives a thorough recounting of the senator's dishonest dealings ranging from her involvement with the misused FBI files to her connection to the infamous pardons for cash scheme that her brother and husband perpetrated, as well as numerous others.  The chronicling of these activities alone is well worth the price of the book.  The brief version is that Hillary Clinton makes Richard Nixon look like a model of integrity.  For those who have forgotten, Ms. Olson gives an account of Hillary's seances to contact Eleanor Roosevelt.  Does anyone hear 'The Twilight Zone' theme playing right now?  Although all of the above are done very well and are important information, the most important part of this book is the explanation of how Hillary and her husband used a triangulation strategy to turn public opinion around for them and against their opponents over the years.  Keen observers will note that she is doing this again now with the illegal alien issue and others.  She is doing her best to come across as a serious terrorist fighter even though her husband's record (when she was 'co-president) was surely anything but strong against terror.  I would highly recommend this book for any thoughtful voter who will likely be considering Ms. Clinton as a possible presidential candidate in the near future.  This book is far superior to the current hot seller by Edward Klein.  'Hell to Pay' concentrates far more on the public part of Clinton and much less on the personal than Klein does.     