 I have previously had the pleasure of reading a couple of novels that Randy Alcorn wrote that touch on the subject of heaven.  This book goes far beyond those and is a potentially life changing book for Christians.  Although I have been a Christian for several years, I have never had any excitement about pondering Heaven prior to reading 'Deadline' and 'Dominion' by Mr. Alcorn.  Those started changing my thinking and this book contributed greatly in that regard.  Many Christian pastors and teachers have done a great disservice by portraying Heaven as a boring place.  Although not intentional, the effect these teachings have had is highly demotivating to many.  A typical view of many is similar to the fictional Huckleberry Finn.  When Miss Watson told Huck about 'the good place', she depicted it as a place where one would listen to harp music forever.  Huck asked her if Tom Sawyer would be there and she indicated he would not.  Huck said that he was glad about that as he wanted to be with Tom.  In contrast to that, Alcorn uses numerous Scriptural references to make his case that Heaven is in fact an adventure that just keeps getting better.  In my experience, it is rare to hear sermons or teaching on Heaven or else the message is usually similar to the Huck Finn experience.  What a shame.  Not only does that diminish the longing for Heaven in Christians, it also reduces their effectiveness on Earth.  As Dr. Alcorn says:  "It is since Christians have largely ceased to think of the other world that they have become so ineffective in this."  One insight that he shared in the book that I found particularly apt is this:  "For Christians, this present life is the closest they will come to Hell.  For unbelievers, it is the closest they will come to Heaven."  That truism should really help stimulate Christians to share with those who are currently unbelievers.  Alcorn points out the following:  "Every person reading this book is dying.  Perhaps you have reason to believe that death will come very soon.  You may be troubled, feeling uncertain, or unready to leave.  Make sure of your relationship with Jesus Christ.  Be certain that you're trusting him alone to save you - not anyone or anything else, and certainly not any good works you've done.  And then allow yourself to get excited about what's on the other side of death's door."  Although I highly recommend this book, it may seem too lengthy for many potential readers.  If that is the case, I would really encourage you to read the two novels I mentioned above by this same author.  They may give you enough of a taste for the subject that you will be ready to read this too.  You won't regret it.     