 Mark Levin does a very good job at outlining the huge problem of judicial tyranny, citing evidence for it, and providing sensible (albeit very difficult to implement) solutions.  Anyone who has been an observer of the courts over the years has seen numerous examples of arrogant judges who have imposed their political prejudices on the nation.   Many judges at all levels operate with no regard for the Constitution or the limits on their power.  A very recent example is the district court judge in the Schiavo case who ignored Congress and the president when they asked for a review of the case.  Although the framers of our Constitution did a great job at putting checks on Congress and the president, they didn't do as well in restraints on the courts.    This Constitutional `Achilles heel' has allowed the judiciary in general, and the Supreme Court in particular, to function as an oligarchy.  Five unelected, unaccountable justices on the Supreme Court have usurped power to the point that they can essentially dictate policy to the nation.  Levin does a very good job of showing many areas where this has occurred including citing specific cases and providing hundreds of footnotes.  Some areas where the Court has acted outside the scope of its authority that Levin lists include the following:  Forcing tax money to be spent on services for illegal aliens, allowing political speech to be limited, interfering with local school operations, farm quotas, prison policies, partial birth abortion, etc.  He demonstrates how the Court has usurped authority rightly belonging to the states, Congress, and the Executive.  I don't think that he puts enough blame on the Congress and President for allowing this to happen.  They certainly have had remedies available, but have failed to exercise them effectively.  Another thing that Mr. Levin does very well is making it clear that these judges who usurp power have no more wisdom than anyone else and sadly, in many cases, far less.  He goes through some of the horrendous decisions of the Court such as Dred Scott, Plessy v. Ferguson, and the the McCain-Feingold Act.  He also provides several examples of justices who stayed in power after they seemingly had dementia issues or otherwise didn't fulfill their duties appropriately.  In addition, he reviews the likes of former justices like Hugo (KKK) Black and Felix Frankfurter (who aided the career of notorious spy Alger Hiss).  There are issues in the book with which I disagree with Mr. Levin.  For example, he seemed to be contradictory in his commentary on Korematsu v. U.S.  A main contention of the book is the problems with judicial activism and the Court not deferring to the Executive in areas in which it should.  Then he cited Korematsu, which was essentially a case where the Court did defer to FDR regarding the internment of Americans of Japanese ancestry during WWII.  I think that internment was terrible, but I do not think that this decision was judicial activism.  It certainly seemed to be a case of deferring to the Executive.  Although Levin does a very good job of outlining the problems with the courts (or as the book's subtitle is `How the Supreme Court is Destroying America'), the best part of the book is the section that contains his proposed solutions.  He has cited some that are already available to Congress and the president such as limiting the jurisdiction of the courts in certain areas, impeachment, and recess appointments.  Additionally, he has suggested Constitutional amendments allowing a Congressional override of Supreme Court decisions with a 2/3 vote of Congress and limiting the terms of federal judges to twelve years.  For those who want to be able to keep a particularly outstanding judge, he suggests making them eligible to be reappointed after the twelve year period if they can again win Senate confirmation.  This is a very important and much needed book.  I would encourage everyone to read it and encourage their members of Congress to read it and adopt the solutions provided.     