 Bias is a very interesting and worthwhile contribution to the topic of media bias.  This project came about after author Bernard Goldberg wrote a criticism of media bias in the Wall Street Journal and was then ostracized by the media establishment.  He worked as a reporter for CBS News for 28 years.  Toward the end of this career, he had an eye opening experience that made him really look at how the major broadcast networks operate in a biased manner.  Goldberg is a self admitted liberal.  He indicated that he had voted for McGovern and the other Democrat presidential candidates over the years.  His detractors certainly cannot claim that he is some sort of Republican or conservative with an axe to grind. He comes across as an honest reporter (Is that an oxymoron?) who wanted to see his employer and the rest of the national media rid themselves of bias and regain credibility with the public.  He credits the one sided worldview of the media giants as the reason for the unprecedented success that Rush Limbaugh and others in talk radio have had in recent years.  Throughout the book, Goldberg uses numerous examples to make his case.  Regarding the extent of the bias, he said that as far as he could tell John Stossel is the only reporter in the big three broadcast networks who routinely challenges the liberal wisdom on a wide range of issues.  He also cited several surveys showing the extreme disparity in voting patterns and views on issues of media employees compared to the population at large.  He indicated that the basic criteria in the hyper competitive world of network news is: "Don't let the facts stand in the way of a good story."  He outlined several different ways that the bias functions such as running editorials 'masquerading as news.'  Several examples were outlined.  He also talked about labeling.  He cited example after example of those who are on the opposite side of an issue from the media elites being labeled as 'conservative' or 'right wing' by the reporters.  On the other hand, he pointed out how no liberal, no matter how extreme, is ever labeled as a 'liberal' or 'left wing'.    The effects of this media bias are evident.  Far fewer Americans trust the media than did in years past.  Viewership of the big three has dropped dramatically.  One page of this book makes it worth the price.  In chapter eight, Goldberg makes the whole bias crystal clear for any but the most obtuse.  He muses about how things would be totally different if almost all of the employees of the big three voted the opposite way that they do, were broadcast from the Midwest instead of Manhattan, etc.  I certainly cannot do this section justice with a recap.  Those pondering this book should get it just for pages 125 and 126 in the paperback edition, if for nothing else.  This is an important book that should be read by everyone and discussed extensively.     