 The Fair Tax Book is a must read for anyone who is concerned about the economy, job growth, Social Security, or any other fiscal issue.  In this book, radio talk show host Neal Boortz and Congressman John Linder promote and explain the Fair Tax concept.  The concept is quite simple.  The Fair tax would replace a myriad of other taxes that are currently paid by all Americans with a single consumption tax.    This would eliminate the following:  personal and corporate income taxes, the Social Security tax, Medicare taxes, death taxes, payroll taxes, capital gains taxes, self employment taxes, the alternative minimum tax, as well as all tax audits.  One thing that the authors do extremely well here is expose many of the deceptions of the current system.  They show how there are currently numerous embedded taxes contained in all products and services that are bought.  Studies have shown that these hidden taxes amount to about 22% of the cost of an item or service.  The Fair Tax would do away with all of the hidden taxes and replace them with a single consumption tax of 23%.  Although this sounds high, it would actually be pretty much a 'wash' with the embedded taxes.  Prices would come down due to the competition of the marketplace and all taxes would be paid at the point of sale.    No longer would workers have huge percentages of their wages taken out in payroll taxes.  They would keep 100% of their wages.  Also, there would not be any hassle leading up to April 15 every year.  Additionally, the costs of compliance for the current tax system are in the hundreds of billions.  After those costs are no longer necessary, costs will come down even more.    Interest rates would likely lower significantly as well.  Lenders are subject to the same payroll costs and other hidden taxes as everyone else.  When their costs go down, the competition of the marketplace is likely to force rates lower.  The fair tax would clearly give us a much broader tax base, which would ease the burden on everyone.  The plan also includes a provision for 'prebates' which would cover the Fair Tax costs on basic necessities for all citizens.  This would eliminate any harm that could possibly come to the poor under this change.  As the authors say: "It's about an economy growing so fast that you'll have to hide under your bed to avoid a job."  This would make a huge difference in the future of the Social Security system also by making it much more solvent.  As Boortz and Linder say:  "The best way to reform Social Security, after all, might be to bring about an aging population that doesn't need it."  This idea is truly revolutionary.  It could be the key to solving the retirements fund crisis for baby boomers, provide explosive job growth and opportunity in our nation, and restore privacy to financial transactions.  If you only read one book on any sort of public policy issue this year, this should be the one.  The benefits of this change would be incredible to everyone in our nation.     