 I have rarely been as glad to finish any book as I was this one. It is a vitriolic diatribe that is long on allegation and short on substance.   The author is wellknown as an extreme leftist and this book is just more of the same. He hates George W. Bush, Republicans, business people, and Americans in general. This is really nothing more than a poorly done smear job on all kinds of people that Mr. Moore despises.   It is extremely poorly documented. Moore uses some footnotes in chapter one, but does not use any throughout the rest of the book. Even the footnotes he does use are based upon dubious sources. Included among those are several books written by Bush haters. He even cites Al Jazeera as a source. I was quite surprised that I didn't see the National Enquirer listed among his 'reliable' sources.   Some of Moore's rants are so contradictory that they are really quite pathetic. In one section he claims that Osama Bin Laden was unlikely to have planned or directed the 9/11 attacks. He said that Bin Laden is on dialysis in a cave in Afghanistan (That must be some cave. The bat cave perhaps?) Just a few pages later, Moore is incensed that some of Bin Laden's relatives were allowed to leave the United States after the 9/11 attacks without being questioned by the FBI. I am wondering why they would need to be questioned since Moore is so convinced that Bin Laden didn't direct the attacks. He thinks that the Saudi Arabian government did it. In yet another part of the book, Moore gives us his 'plan' for getting things back on track. His first item listed is 'Catch Osama Bin Laden.' Why? Moore doesn't think Bin Laden did 9/11. Why worry about him?   Another absurdity in Moore's rantings is his claim that the media is biased in favor of the Iraq war. I don't know where he is getting his news but it sure isn't ABC, CBS, NBC, CNN, The Washington Post, The New York Times, or any of the other establishment press.   Moore also thinks that most terrorists are 'homegrown' in the United States. Evidently he hasn't followed current events the last 30 years. Excluding Timothy McVeigh, Moore would be hard pressed to list any other 'homegrown' terrorists.   In yet another spot, he carries on for a long time saying that there is no terrorist threat. He claims any concerns about terrorists are just manufactured by the Bush Administration as an excuse to violate the rights of everyone in the world, keep himself in power, etc.   Another very bizarre position that Moore takes in this book is his advocacy of his ideal presidential candidate - Oprah Winfrey. While I'm sure she is a very nice person, she seems like an odd choice for a presidential candidate. She is a talk show host. Should she not be the selection, he thinks Tom Hanks would be a great choice. Again, I'm sure he is a very nice person, but that is not how we pick presidents. This one position alone shows that Moore is not a serious commentator or worthy of having his views considered by reasonable people.  I could go on and on about the inaccuracies in this book. Suffice it to say, it is merely the rantings of an extreme partisan who has little regard for the truth.     