 State of Fear by Michael Crichton is entertaining fiction with lots of factual meat.  The basic story is about a lawsuit against the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency by the small island nation of Vanutu over global warming.  The contention is that the island was in jeopardy of being wiped out by rising sea levels due to global warming.  Although the novel is fast paced and well written, the best part of the book is the way that it entwines tons of scientific fact in the story.  It even contains numerous footnotes and an extensive bibliography.  It is fiction that should be read even by those who normally limit their reading to non-fiction.  Crichton contends that the PLM (Politico-Legal-Media) complex (which replaced the old military-industrial complex) flourishes by promoting an ongoing state of fear in the population.  He asserts that the PLM has used environmental and other crises to serve their own ends.  The politicians use the fear to control the population, the lawyers need the perceived dangers to sue and make money, and the media exploits the same stories to keep readers buying papers and viewers tuned into TV news.  He also takes on university professors whom he says no longer teach, but leave it to the graduate students who know much less and `speak English poorly'.  He outlines how universities have transformed themselves from `bastions of intellectual freedom' to the `most restrictive environments in modern society', and that they are the creators of the new fears that the PLM promotes.   He contends that universities now are not liberal at all, but are `fascist to the core'.  Speaking of the effect of the PLM fear mongering, he reminds the readers that the industrialized nations provide their citizens with `unprecedented safety, health, and comfort' and that the average life span has increased by 50% in the last century.  In spite of this, he says `modern people live in abject fear'.    Crichton does an outstanding job of exposing numerous fears manufactured by the PLM including global warming, the contrived DDT crisis, rising sea levels, expanding deserts, melting glaciers, increased numbers of weather catastrophes, silicon breast implants, cancer from power lines, etc.  The book is a gold mine of information complete with references to back up his claims.  Those who have closed minds and blindly believe in all of the contrived crises will not like this book.  Those who are open minded and interested in the other side of the story will love it.     