 `How to Talk to A Liberal (If You Must) is a collection of columns that Ann Coulter has written that were apparently `too hot' for newspapers to run.  These columns run the gamut and include such topics as:  war, terrorism, judicial nominations, gay marriage, capital punishment, double standards, and media bias.  It is filled with her trademark controversial positions and sizzling one-liners.  Liberals will likely not enjoy it too much as her criticisms are uncompromising and well researched.  Although written about serious topics of public policy, it also has a lot of humor and great quotes.  Even some of the chapter titles are funny.  A few examples are:  Elian Gonzales - The Only Immigrant Liberals Ever Wanted to Deport; The Only Cop the New York Times Likes is the One in the Village People; and Give Us Twenty-Two Minutes, We'll Give Up the Country.  In a piece on the Elian Gonzales situation, she wrote:  `Liberals lost 300 million people when their beloved Soviet Union was defeated by Ronald Reagan, but Elian gave them a chance to grab one back'.  While addressing double standards in reporting, she contrasted remarks made by two sitting US Senators about two of their colleagues and the vastly different treatment they received.  She compared the case of then Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott with that of Sen. Christopher Dodd.  Lott simply complimented Strom Thurmond on his 100th birthday with a statement that didn't appear to have any racist undertones, whereas Dodd made an expressly racist comment in complimenting Sen. Robert Byrd, who is a former recruiter for the Ku Klux Klan.  Dodd said that Byrd `would have been right during the great conflict of the Civil War in this Nation'.  Yet, the media made little mention of it while hounding Lott out of his leadership position for a much tamer remark that didn't even appear to deal with race.    It is not just Democrats that Coulter blasts.  She is bipartisan in her critiques.  In reviewing the inane security procedures that the Bush administration enacted in airports after 9/11, she remarked that these measures will do `absolutely nothing to deter hijackers' but `will be incredibly burdensome for millions of American travelers'.    She then went on to suggest several common sense solutions to airline security.  Besides being highly entertaining, this book takes a serious look at the American political scene today and current issues.  It is sure to either entertain or enrage, depending upon one's perspective.  Certainly no one is likely to find it to be boring.                                                                 