 In 'Give Me A Break', John Stossel exposes numerous problems in our society and provides some solutions.  This work is well researched, well documented, and full of important information.  During the course of this book, Stossel points out problems with both liberals and conservatives and will undoubtedly irritate both considerably.    He takes on four of the sacred linchpins of the left:  The government, labor unions, a biased media, and trial lawyers.  He does an excellent job of showing how government regulations and consumer 'protections' have killed businesses, cost jobs, and made things less safe.  Numerous examples are provided.  One very good one is the way that the excessive regulation of the FDA kills people.  He makes the case that 'the perfect is the enemy of the good' in showing how the regulator's goal of perfect safety costs lives of numerous people who might have been willing to risk taking a medication that they are not allowed by these 'protectors'.    One example of the harm done by unions that he discusses is how their insistence on high salaries for even the simplest jobs costs beginners who don't end up being allowed to work in that field.  The media is taken to task for such things as overemphasizing minor risks to hype stories, inadequate research, and always focusing on the negative.  He documents how hysterical reporting makes fears worse and leads to other problems.  Trial lawyers are admonished for runaway lawsuits that drive up the cost of everything, cost jobs, etc.  So called conservatives aren't left blameless in this expose either.  The miserable failures of the 'War on Drugs' and welfare for the rich are two of their areas of support that are dissected.  He makes the great case that the exorbitant resources used in fighting drugs leaves other more serious crimes unresolved, which makes everyone less safe.  The incredible numbers of minor drug offenders targeted and incarcerated squanders resouces that could be better used dealing with rapists, murderers, burglars, and robbers.  In his section on welfare for the rich, he gives examples of many, himself included.  The personal part involved federal flood insurance.  He makes the case that people who insist on building houses close to the ocean, rivers, etc. that are prone to flooding should not be bailed out by all of the less wealthy among us.  He mentioned how a beach house that he owned was rebuilt twice under this federal subsidy.  He also took on many other types of the rich benefitting from welfare such as sports stadiums, wealthy farmers paid to not plant crops, huge corporate giants such as steel companies, Archer Daniels Midland, etc. getting preferential treatment at the expense of taxpayers and consumers.  Stossel also makes a strong defense of free speech, taking the PC police on campuses, and elsewhere to task.  He doesn't stop with pointing out problems.  He also has some solutions that would be extremely helpful and very doable.   This is an excellent book.  It would certainly be educational to almost anyone who reads it.     