 This is a good introduction to economics.   These ideas are made simple and understandable for virtually anyone.  One should easily come away with a solid understanding of many economic concepts.  There are a few problems with this book.  One is a simple factual error; two others are a bit more involved.  On page 78, the author claims that sales taxes are imposed by all states except New Hampshire.  This is inaccurate.  Other states that also do not impose a sales tax include Montana, Alaska, Oregon, and Delaware.  Although this error is not critical to the main focus of the book, it does make one wonder what other mistakes are present.  Another problem occurs on page 239.  In this case, the author makes the strange claim:  "The idea that everyone who wants a job should be able to get one is associated more with the liberal side of the political spectrum."  A more accurate summary of the liberal position would be that anyone who doesn't want a job should be entitled to be supported by the taxpayers in perpetuity.  One other bizarre observation by Mr. Gorman is regarding 'partisan economists'.  The author criticizes these who are paid for 'objective analysis' stating that they 'always find an argument in favor of their party's program.'    Although that statement is probably accurate, he goes on to talk about 'academic economists who have no ideology or political paymasters'.  I'm not sure what planet Mr. Gorman is living on, but his view of academics in the United States is either naive or intentionally deceptive.   Virtually anyone who is lucid and has spent much time in a university setting in the USA is aware that most academics on the political science and economics faculties of most universities here are not only ideological, but are overwhelmingly leftist in the viewpoints.  To say otherwise is absurd.  Regardless of the weaknesses in the book cited above, this is pretty good for anyone wanting a good overall lesson in economics.  However, I would recommend works by Henry Hazlitt and Thomas Sowell as being far more realistic.     