 This contains some valuable information about recognizing and dealing with sociopaths (people with no conscience).  Unfortunately, the good information is interlaced with the author's political biases.  On the plus side, Stout paints a chillingly accurate picture of what sociopaths are like.  As many people don't expect nice looking, 'charming' people to be dangerous, she puts that myth to rest.  It is a truism that those with no conscience look just like anyone else for the most part and she points out that an engaging personality is often associated with sociopaths.  One shouldn't necessarily feel safe just because a person doesn't resemble Charles Manson.  She accurately points out that lots of the sociopaths in society are not in prison as any keen observer of politicians and used car sales people is well aware.  Another thing that she does well is making it clear that most of those with no conscience are not serial killers or other violent criminals.  She even has some case studies included that show some who merely enjoy making other people miserable in lower level ways and some who are just leeches.  On the other hand, Stout makes some ludicrous and clearly biased claims.  For example, she asserts that sociopaths make fearless and superior warriors, snipers, and special operations soldiers.  Of course, she does not provide any evidence for what is really an outrageous and ridiculous claim.  Anyone who is familiar with the modus operandi of special operations troops know that they don't just run around killing people.  She should really learn about how the military operates before making such ignorant assertions.  Stout also displays her obvious bias in an attack on the evils the pharmaceutical industry in particular and western civilization in general.    There is a very good section entitled:  `Thirteen Rules for Dealing with Sociopaths in Everyday Life."  It contains several things that are valuable advice for dealing with those who may be destructive.  Overall, this is fairly informative.  If the author would have simply left out her editorial comments, it would have been much better.     