 Unlike many of those who wrote reviews on this book, I actually read it.  It is a good compilation with lots of thought put into it.  Although I think that most of those listed are doing their share to damage our culture, there are several included that I would not put in the top 100.  There are also several who are very damaging to our nation who were not included.  The list consists of people of all political persuasions, although far more are liberals.  But, of course, it is liberals who are doing the most damage to our culture.  I think that many of those in the slots from 80-100 could probably be left off if this is to be a top 100 list.  Of course, Mr. Goldberg doesn't call it the top 100.  He just says that these 100 are included in those who are screwing up America.  Many of those included in this book are from the following types of people:  white collar thugs, radical feminists, those who divide by race, politicians, anti free speech academics, 'Hollywood blowhards', and  'cultural elite hypocrites'.  There are also some who don't fit in those categories.  Several who should have probably been included in the top 20, but weren't include the following:  Supreme Court Justices John Paul Stevens, David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Anthony Kennedy, Stephen Breyer, and Sandra Day O'Connor who regularly trash the Constitution while legislating from the bench; former Attorney General Janet Reno who oversaw the slaughter of dozens of women and children at Waco as well as the heavily armed abduction of Elian Gonzales; Bill Clinton who perjured himself while president, illegally provided defense technology to the Chinese government, sold the Lincoln Bedroom and other favors for campaign cash, etc.  He was clearly one who diminished the presidency and the country; Norman Mineta who has overseen the implementation of totally inept and intrusive airline 'security procedures' which have done nothing to improve security; Harry Reid who has continued in Tom Daschle's infamous footsteps of obstructing just for the sake of obstructing; the prosecutor in the Michael Jackson case who went after an easy target with little or no evidence; and Senators Joe Biden and Hillary Clinton who have continuously poisoned the atmosphere by being shrill instead of advancing ideas.  Overall, I would say that Mr. Goldberg did a great job.  It is his book and his personal list so he is certainly entitled to list them as he likes.  I highly recommend the book.     