 Condi Vs. Hillary is a well thought out analysis of one possible matchup for the upcoming 2008 presidential election.  Dick Morris contends that Hillary Clinton is almost certain to be the Democrat nominee.  He reviews several of her possible opponents and makes a strong case for why each one will not be nominated.  Morris' analysis is that either Rudi Guiliani or John McCain might have the broad appeal to win the election, but that neither one is conservative enough to win the Republican primary.  The authors also analyze several other possible Republican candidates and demonstrate why they probably could not beat Hillary.  After dismissing several likely candidates, the authors contend that Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice is the best bet to both win the Republican nomination and defeat Hillary Clinton in the general election.  They analyze voting demographics in making their case and show how there would likely be huge shifts away from Hillary among Blacks, women, and Hispanics if Dr. Rice were the candidate.  The place where this scenario falls apart is that the Secretary of State has said that she has no interest in running for the presidency.  Unlike with Ms. Clinton, if Dr. Rice says it, she likely means it.  Also she is currently serving in a more than full time job which would make campaigning very difficult, if not impossible.  The authors take care of this 'small' problem by showing how she could be drafted for the job by a spontaneous grass roots movement much like happened to Dwight Eisenhower 50 years ago.  Although I think such a movement is very unlikely to just happen, the book makes an interesting read and certainly gives one food for thought.  The authors also show how the political power base made a major movement away from the major media/powerbrokers in 2004 and toward the bloggers, talk radio, etc.  This chronicle of several major events that discredited the establishment media was very compelling.  The authors also give a rundown of the Dr. Jekyll/Mrs. Hyde transformation of Hillary Clinton.  Even though this is probably a very unlikely finale for the 2008 presidential race, the book is fun to read.  It is a worthwhile purchase.     