 This is a fun book to read and has the ability to educate to a limited degree.  It is also very biased.  It should probably be called the 'Politically Correct Guide to American History'.  It covers a wide range of events in U.S. history from the earliest explorers to the terrorist attacks of 9/11.  Potential readers should be aware that the writer has a very leftist slant to his presentation.  To be fair, history is one of those topics that is typically influenced heavily by the writer's perspective.  Mr. Davis takes his liberal evangelistic crusade seriously and includes his biases in virtually every historical era covered.    A few examples of this are outlined below:  The author practically deifies Franklin Roosevelt.  Anyone who has any grasp of history at all knows that Mr. Roosevelt sold out eastern Europe and much of Asia to the Soviets causing decades of tyranny and misery for the inhabitants of those nations.  His 'New Deal' has also been a major cause of problems for countless Americans by making them dependent upon Big Brother.  Probably no other administration deserves as much scorn as does that of Roosevelt for the creation of the welfare state.  One of the most blatant areas of bias and flat out dishonesty is found on page 584.  In discussing America at the year 2000, Davis claims:  "America's poorest children have a lower standard of living than those in the bottom 10 percent of any other nation except Britain."  It is rare to see such a total falsehood in print.  Even the most biased writers usually try to be a bit more subtle with their phony claims.  Anyone who has ever traveled outside of the United States knows that Davis' statement is false.  To give him the benefit of the doubt, I suppose it is possible that he has never traveled anywhere and doesn't know any better, but I doubt it.  If that is the case, he shouldn't be making such bogus claims.  Another example of the bias throughout this book is his claim that 'serious black scholars' feel that the U.S. should pay reparations to descendants of American slaves.  This is perhaps one of the looniest of modern issues.  It is an effort to take money from those who never had slaves to give to those who never were slaves.    In spite of the bias throughout, this is an entertaining book with lots of good information.  The author should work hard to improve future editions by eliminating a big chunk of his bias.  If that were done, this would deserve a significantly higher rating.     