 This is a great book on Christian apologetics for the layman.  I highly recommend it.  In contrast to so many books on this subject that read like a textbook, this is composed of a series of letters between a father who is a skeptic and his son who is a Christian.  The tone is loving and respectful throughout.  There will certainly be many Christians who won't like this book because some of Dr. Boyd's answers will be in conflict with their own theological interpretations or denominational positions.  I am one of those who disagrees with his view on several questions.  It also contains many excellent responses.  The value of this book far outweighs any of its weaknesses.  The bottom line is that everyone has a critical decision to make about whether or not to accept Jesus Christ.  Not making a decision is still a decision; it is rejecting Him by default and it will have eternal consequences.  As Boyd says, "It's like being in a house and someone outside hollers 'fire'!  You can choose to believe him or not to believe him - and you weigh the evidence carefully (do you smell smoke? do you see flames? etc.).  You can choose to believe and risk looking foolish for running out of your house if it's a joke, or you can choose not to believe and risk being burned up.  If you choose to suspend judgment, you risk the same thing. So there simply is no 'risk free' position, not even the position of not taking a position."  He goes on to say:  "The most reasonable thing to do, Dad is to believe!  The evidence is strong.  The alternatives are comparably weak.  And the risk of not believing is far greater than the risk of believing.  As Blaise Pascal said (in his famous 'Pascal's Wager'), if Christianity is false, you've lost nothing.  If it's true, you've lost all eternity.  Christianity, therefore, is clearly the best bet!"  For anyone who is a skeptic, this may be an invaluable book in helping you to work though your doubts.  If you are already a believer, don't get hung up on issues apart from the central one.     