 Although a very short, small book, this is a very good collection of simple bits of wisdom.  Some readers may think that it is too simplistic, but I think it contains some things that are very good reminders for fathers of daughters.  As big of a job as parenting is in today's world, we can all use reminders of even the basics.  In our fast paced world, many times our relationships with family members take a back seat to work.  That shouldn't be the case.  In this primer on parenting, Harrison helps us remember some basic things that are very valuable.  Some of the pages deal with advice on things that are your role as a parent.  Others contain insights that will make readers smile in remembering events they have experienced in child rearing.  Some of my favorite of the included 'lessons' are these:  1.  Take part in her life now.  Don't wait until she's 15 to try to develop a relationship. 2.  Tell her from day one that she can accomplish anything. 3.  Be prepared to watch Walt Disney movies with her some 200 times.  Each. 4.  Tickle her, play with her, give her piggyback rides.  She's not breakable. 5.  Realize that as you shape her, she will shape you. 6.  Read to her often.  Very soon, she'll be reading to you. 7.  Talk to her about what she wants to be when she grows up.     Continally reinforce the idea that anything is possible. 8.  When she's old enough, sign her up for karate lessons. This is more for your sake than hers. 9.  Think before you speak.  Even when you don't mean to, you can end up hurting her feelings. 10. Take her out of town to somewhere she's never been at least once a year.  This will develop her sense of wonder. 11. Remember, teenage girls spend hours in their room doing something.  No man has ever really figured out what that something is. 12. There will be days when you think you've raised an alien.  Those are the same days she feels she's being raised by one. 13.  Remember, it's a good thing if the boys in her life think you are slightly unstable.  Frankly, I never would have bought this for myself.  It's a very small, 'cutesy' looking book.  It's just not the type of thing that attracts my attention.  Fortunately, my wife saw it and bought it for me.  It is a real little treasure.     