 Deciding on how to rate this book was a bit difficult for me.  After all, it is written for kids and I read it with an adult perspective.  Had I been rating it myself, I would have probably given it three stars.  I discussed it with my daughter who also read it and she rated it a five, so I'm simply averaging our perspectives on the book.  O'Reilly put forth a good effort at relating to kids on subjects that are very important to them, along with several others that may not seem as critical to younger people.  He gives decent advice in a way that is geared to reach younger people who are the intended audience.  Many adults may find some of the advice a bit superficial, but his approach may be an effective way to reach younger readers who could be bored by an in-depth look at some of the issues.  He also includes sections of `Instant Messages' that relate some of his advice in Internet lingo that may make it more entertaining for kids.  Some of the topics that he touches on are:  friends, bullying, parents, teachers, drugs, sports, alcohol, sex, smoking, clothing, and TV.  He also hits things like death, stereotypes, having fun, God, and helping others.  He does a very good job of identifying `toxic' adults for the readers and giving them sound advice on avoiding them.  He also does a good job at pointing out pitfalls of certain behaviors in a way that isn't an automatic turn off to teens.  There are several of his personal experiences shared in the pages that may be helpful as object lessons.  Although I don't think many are going to confuse O'Reilly with Solomon, his words of wisdom are much more sound than a lot of  what kids are being fed in TV, movies, music, and public schools for that matter.    O'Reilly takes on a lot of topics that many parents avoid when discussing things with their kids.  In an ideal world, all parents would discuss issues like these with their children and give them solid advice.  Unfortunately, that doesn't happen many times.  For kids who don't have the benefit of wise counsel from their parents, this is a pretty decent book to help impart some wisdom.        