    In contrast to many of the other 'reviews' on this book, this one is written by someone who actually read it.   I am not a fan of Hillary and have no interest in her private life. I also think that she would be a terrible president due to her policy views, her lack of character, and her administrative incompetence (health care task force). I read the book because she is highly touted as being the next Democrat nominee for president and could even be elected, which is very scary. Her political potential made this a book of interest to me.   Although Klein has a highly credentialed history as a journalist, this book is not very good. It contains little that is new. The revelations that are new are not well documented. It also focuses far too much on the personal life of Hillary, rather than the public side.  That is not only of no interest to me, I'm sure it's of little interest to many others.  An example of an area that is too personal and not relevant to the public side of Ms. Clinton is the author's attribution of Chelsea's birth to a rape that Bill perpetrated on Hillary. His "evidence" for this is a couple of statements that someone recalled Bill making twenty five years ago. There is no statement from the alleged victim (Hillary) ever claiming that there had in fact been a rape.  This seems like an unnecessary and irrelevant intrusion on the Clinton's married life.  Another example is Klein's belief that Hillary knew that Bill had raped Juanita Broadrick. Most are familiar with Broadrick's credible allegation that Bill raped her. In a poor display of evidentiary evaluation, Klein related a conversation that Broadrick claimed to have had with Hillary that supposedly convinced her that Hillary knew of the alleged rape and thanked Broadrick for her "services" to Bill. The so called evidence presented for this is slim to say the least.   There are some good elements in this book. The author does a decent job of documenting some lies, hypocrisy, and past activities that are relevant to Hillary as a political figure. He also does a good job of showing a pattern of chameleon like behavior that Hillary has used to gain political advantages.   Klein outlines some of the extreme leftist views that Hillary has pushed over the years. He also demonstrates how she has been trying to reshape her image, at the expense of the truth, to position herself for a presidential run.   I think that voters should read this to become more familiar with Hillary's history. That being said, those who read it should be aware that they're unlikely to find any new information that is particulary significant. It might be more prudent to either wait for the paperback or get it from the library.  Those who really want to know the truth about Hillary may want to read 'Hell to Pay' by Barbara Olson.  It is documented much better and focuses much more on the public side in contrast to the private life of Ms. Clinton as this book does.     