 Judge Napolitano does a very good job at outlining many illegal acts perpetrated by governments at all levels.   Perhaps since he has been a judge, he does a far better job at exposing wrongs done by the legislative and executive branches than he does the judiciary.  He is very even handed in dishing out his criticisms to both Democrat and Republican administrations.   Those who he takes to task include Bill Clinton, Janet Reno, George W. Bush, and John Ashcroft.    His contention is that `it should be against the law to break the law'.  He reveals an ugly secret that far too few people realize in that the government regularly breaks its own laws and gets away with it.  He opines:  `Because it breaks the law, the government is not your friend.'  Abuses by law enforcement officers and other governmental employees and agents that the judge reviews include the following:  lying, cheating, stealing, prosecuting people that the government knows to be innocent, kidnapping, and murder.  Several of the cases that he discusses are well known such as the murder of Randy Weaver's wife and son by federal agents, the assaults and murder of 86 people including women, children, and babies by law enforcement agencies at the direction of then Attorney General Janet Reno, and the abduction of 6 year old Elian Gonzales also at Reno's instigation.  Lesser known examples that are exposed by Napolitano include the entrapment of citizens by government agents, the fabricating of testimony in child molestation cases (also by Reno), and the bribery of witnesses on a regular basis by prosecutors.  He also goes through several appalling examples of the trampling of Constitutional protections by the Bush administration under the guise of battling the war on terror.  Some blindly loyal partisans may be aggravated by the exposure of those of their political persuasion.  That would be a mistake as the judge has some very important things to say that need to be heard.  The weakness in this work on governmental abuses is the lack of criticism of the judiciary.  Although he does some of that, it is insufficient.   I think that judges in general, and federal judges in particular, are perhaps the most dangerous threat to our system of government.  Napolitano outlines some very good solutions to help with the problems listed in the book.  Included among his ideas are these:  1) Enact legislation requiring all law enforcement personnel and other government employees and/or their agents to be subject to all laws.  Citizens couldn't be prosecuted if the government has violated laws in fingering them.  2)  Make it easier to sue state and federal governments when they violate civil liberties, including removing personal immunity of governmental employees when they break the law.  3)  If a defendant is exonerated in a case where the government has violated the law, the government would be forced to pay his/her legal bills.  These ideas are a good start.  I recommend this book.  I think everyone should read it and encourage their legislators to enact the ideas in it.  As I think he has done an insufficient job in outlining problems with the judiciary, I would also recommend that everyone read `Men In Black' by Mark Levin.     