 Winning the Future is an extremely well researched and visionary proposal for:  `A 21st Century Contract With America'.  Just like the original `Contract with America' that he authored in 1994, this plan addresses many areas that must be solved if the United States is to thrive in the upcoming decades.  The primary areas that he addresses are: 1.	Dealing with the threats of terrorism and rogue dictatorships. 2.	The increasing trend to secularize our nation's traditions and characteristics that make it such a unique civilization, including the rewriting of history to purge God and His influence in our founding and development as a free society. 3.	That our economic supremacy will give way to other economic powers such as India and China due to the substandard job that our education system is doing, particularly in the areas of science and mathematics. 4.	That the changing population demographics will collapse governmental programs such as Social Security and Medicare in coming years, and thus create a major economic crisis.  In this book, Mr. Gingrich outlines many issues in the areas mentioned above, as well as numerous others.  He also provides very innovative solutions to all kinds of problems.  He is very frank in his assessments and points out weaknesses in policies drafted by Republicans (such as the errors of the Coalition Provisional Authority in Iraq) as well the Democrats.  As a former House Speaker and longtime congressman, his knowledge of the workings of government is encyclopedic.  As an historian, he is able to tie many current problems and possible solutions to previous events and put them into context.  Some of his solutions are so creative, that I haven't heard anything similar to them before.  For instance, when he addresses the huge problems that we have in math and science performance at both the Junior High/High School and higher education levels, he makes a great case for problems that our underperformance in those areas may cause in the areas of economic and military superiority.  He then advances such ideas as paying students for achieving outstanding performance in those areas.  He also suggests such things as reducing student loan interest rates for those pursuing higher degrees in math/science.  It can certainly be debated whether those are good ideas or not, but clearly they are incredibly creative and worthy of discussion.  In the area of Social Security, he clearly outlines what a flawed system we currently have and how, at best, it helps to create a subsistence level of survival for people.  He then educates people thoroughly on the need for private accounts to avoid that in the future.  This book covers so many areas that I cannot begin to do more than give the reader a small taste of its contents.  He addresses issues such as immigration (including the problem of having too restrictive of visa requirements for some foreign students particularly those in the math/science areas and what we gain from having them here),  environmental protection balanced with economic growth, election integrity, McCain/Feingold, etc.  I could go on and on with areas he covers.  In some areas, I thoroughly disagree.  For instance, he suggests federal standards in the area of education.  According to Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution, the federal government is not given authority in the area of education.  Therefore, that should be left to the states or local governments.  I think a better solution would be to abolish the U.S. Dept. of Education and get the federal government out of the education business entirely.  In a few areas such as this, he seems to disregard what is a proper role for government, but overall, his ideas and solutions are excellent.  The bottom line is that this is an extremely important work by a visionary that should be read by all policy makers and anyone who is concerned about the vital issues of our day.  If our elected representatives had the courage to implement his ideas (which 99% of them do not), they would go a long way toward solving many of the problems that we face today.     