 Magnification is a good Yes album.  And that's saying a lot.  Better than most Yes albums (though not quite a Close To The Edge or Going For The One).  Recommended. The title track is simple, but grand.  Spirit Of Survival could've been an ABWH track (for better or worse)!  Give Love Each Day is worth the price of the disk alone.  Can You Imagine is too short, just a haunting piece, but aren't we glad to hear Chris singing lead again?  It's worth it!  Don't Go and We Agree are perhaps too clearly pop-song-ish, so enjoy them as such: light fare for Yes fans.  Dreamtime attempts the grand scale again, but In The Presence Of... succeeds more fully. This album reminded me of growing up with Yes in several ways - notably, this is an album which is not digested in one sitting.  Many of us couldn't handle Tales' on a first listen either (which explains the initial critics' reaction - how many times do you suppose they heard it before panning it?).  Of course, within a month, I found Tales' indispensable to life!  Same pattern with Relayer, and certain tracks from other Yes masterpieces. The best Yes, like much of the best classical music, requires repeated listening to be integrated, and appreciated. That's why I have to respectfully wonder if Kirk (one star) has given the album time enough (he gave it one week?!?).   Magnification certainly falls in this catagory - which is why I believe it'll hold up with the Classics.  Open Your Eyes had a little punch - but no staying power.  The Ladder added more Andersonness, more benevolence, and was still punchy but ran much deeper.  Magnification has even a little more depth - and I'm happy the band is moving in this direction!   Incidentally, Rick Wakeman, a phenomenal talent, was none-the-less never a band guy, generally keeping a session musician attitude.  I preferred Patrick Moraz, Jeff Downes, even Tony Kaye and Igor Khoroshev's willingness to be IN Yes, composing with the band.  Would love to see the orchestral approach of this album expanded, but keep (tour keyboardist) Tom Brislin around, and lets see what he can do!     