 First off, this book is supposed to be a collection of "random notes for AC/DC obsessives," which a good deal of it really is. The problem is, even though this book is aimed at "AC/DC obsessives," the author is a man who merely believes that AC/DC used to be a pretty good band. He makes it very clear that he isn't a tremendous AC/DC fan, and that he has pretty much given up on the band since Back In Black was released. This wouldn't be such a big deal if he had stuck to writing articles for rock magazines, where being strongly opinionated is a good thing, but this is a book which is mostly going to be read by huge AC/DC fans such as myself. Calling much of AC/DC's work "rubbish" as Howard Johnson has in this book is not exactly the most endearing way to present his writing. If he wanted to write a book about AC/DC, he would have been better suited sticking to the Bon Scott era, because apparently everything Brian Johnson has ever sung on is total garbage, save for Back In Black. There are plenty of fans out there who believe that the time Bon Scott spent with AC/DC was the best six years of the band's existence, but to write an entire book from this viewpoint is just obnoxious when the book is to be presented to "AC/DC obsessives." So now I've got that off my chest--on to the rest of the book. Fortunately, only about a quarter or so of the book is actually written by Johnson--the rest is either interviews with the band or fan stories. The fan stories are pretty interesting for the most part, especially the ones where fans visited key areas in AC/DC's career, such as where Bon lived during his years with the band, and the place where he sadly lost his life. Mostly the fan stories are a good read. Where the book really shines, I think, is in the band interviews. Every current member of the band has at least one fairly in-depth interview in the book, including some past members such as Dave Evans. These interviews are what make the book worth getting for the serious AC/DC fan. However, you're likely better off going for "AC/DC: The Definitive History" if you're uninitiated or a big fan of all eras of AC/DC, not just the Bon Scott era. On the other hand, if you're a fan who believes the band was only great when Bon Scott was behind the mic, you'll probably enjoy this book. But personally, I listen to every bit of AC/DC because it's all AC/DC, and in the end that's what matters most. "AC/DC: The Definitive History" shares this viewpoint and presents the material in a much livelier, more fan-friendly fashion. The title of this book, however, is great...and it's likely what I'd say to Howard if I confronted him on the street.     