 I really, really wanted to like Limp Bizkit's new album, despite the rather head-scratching title. But it just doesn't come through as a great album. It's OK, and it has its high points, but it's a far cry from "Three Dollar Bill, Yall$." In fact, it's not even up to the standard of "Significant Other." I'd give "$3 Bill" 5 stars, "Significant Other" 4 stars, and well, this one gets 3 stars. If Limp wants to avoid reaching the depths of 2 stars and 1 star, they better go back to what brought 'em to the dance and take a good listen to "$3 Bill."  But that's not to say this album doesn't have it's great moments. There are five especially great tracks: "Hot Dog," (although Fred taking pot-shots at Trent Reznor angers me, because Fred is nothing compared to Trent) "My Generation," "Full Nelson," "Rollin (Air Raid Vehicle)," and "Take A Look Around." The other tracks are just too mellow or way too gangsta-rap influenced, although "My Way" isn't too bad, either. I was very, very disappointed with "Rollin (Urban Assault Vehicle)" because I can stand to listen to almost anything but gangsta rap, and in my personal opinion, Limp totally ruined the great "Rollin'" by turning it into a gangsta-rap remix that has no good beat to it. I hate to agree with a few others on this board, but maybe Limp Bizkit should distance themselves from Fred Durst and carry on by themselves or get a true hardcore rock/rapper to man the helm. All Fred seems to care about is MTV and the new teen generation, and making a CD that'll sell like crazy but lacks depth. When compared to the raw energy and anger "$3 Bill" had, this album pales. Plus, all the raw profanity just isn't necessary. I bet he didn't use the "F" word a quarter as much as he does on this album, and hey, Fred...it's stupid. All in all, I wouldn't recommend paying full price for this album. If you can find it used or cheap somewhere, buy it, but I think the full 17, 18 bucks is a waste of about 10 bucks. Or at least borrow a friends to try it, or even download some tracks so you know what you're getting. I suppose it's not a total wreck, but I sure hope they improve with next year's CD.     