 It's really impossible for me or any (American) to understand what an impact this series has had upon Japanese pop culture in the last 20 years.  To call this show "Japan's Star Trek" is not the most fair of  analogies, but probably the most correct.  Spanning an entire campaign of  merchandise, from models to action figures, board games and videos, this  series has been very much alive in the minds of the world, but not so much  America.  At the humble beginnings of a TV show entitled Mobile Suit Gundam  0079 (a play on the year 1979), few foresaw the rise of this franchise in  one of the longest and mostly enduring of its kind in history.  Using the  then revolutionary idea of giant mechanical suit as tools of warfare was  what first grabbed the attention of the audience.  But the deep and complex  plot and themes exhibited by a vast array of honest and believable  characters was what kept them on the edge of their seat.   Now, skip ahead  to the (distant) year 2000.  A new show has emerged that embodies all the  visual ferocity and structural complexity of the original, and that show  is, Gundam Wing.  To say this is a "action" show is really a half-truth,  and first time viewers (of anime period!) may find the themes and  characters equal if not superior to any political drama today.  What I love  so much about this series is that almost no single character or group can  be considered as "bad."  And, it's in breaking down the walls of  stereotypical sci-fi writing that makes this show (and all its  predecessors) so revolutionary.  When the series begins, everyone is SURE  they know who is "good" and who is "bad."  But (without giving away any of  the plot) I guarantee their opinions will change so many times they may  gust give up guessing.  And it's when one becomes completely and utterly  stumped by the ambitions of the characters, that they actually begin  WATCHING the series.  The quick, and almost dare-devil battles mixed with  gut-wrenching conclusions throw back to the age of the cinema serials, a  feat not easy to do, and therefore deserves the most praise.   But, I  suppose it's about time I mentioned some things pertaining to the product  itself.  I'm very glad this series is being available in the style it is.   5 uncut, bilingual episodes for under $25 dollars is a steal, and a  must-have for ANY true Gundam Fan.  Rest assured I will forgo any amount of  sleep necessary to continue watching the Midnight Run of this fantastic  series on TV, as I encourage all other Gundam Fan(atics).  Hang on, it's  sure to be a wild ride!     