 Anime is a genre of film that taps into the soul of imagination.  With but a stroke of the brush or scrape of ink, images and worlds and characters can be rendered that occupy realms only our minds can conceive.  Every so often, a world is created that syphons the great visions of creative minds and creates beauty of the screen.  Metropolis is such a world.  Bright and busting with color, music, and life.  An explosion of dichotomous cultures and anachronistic styles; A cocoon of design and decay that acts as a stage for characters that humor and horrify, awe and inspire.  Metropolis is the reason anime exists. Many criticize (as many often do) this film for a myriad of reasons.  It pays homage to such films as (of course) Fritz Lang's Metropolis, Kubrick's Dr. Strangelove, and even Otomo's Akira.  However, Metropolis does so for all the right reasons and in all the right ways.  It's the perfect example of allusion with tact and taste, a practice seldom achieved by the most of modern cinema.  Some claim it's plot is overly complex or devoid of structure and depth.  This couldn't be farther from the truth.  Just as many the same would portray Otomo's inspired epic Akira as vacuous, Metropolis excels in all measures.  Intimate and grand, straightforward and abstract.  The story of Metropolis is for those with open minds and keen observations. It's true that no film is for everyone, but Metropolis achieves a bold and refreshing open appeal that is sure to delight those still struggling with the acceptance of animation as an art form.  True, the sharp juxtaposition of beautiful modern design and technology with nostalgic character designs can be jarring to some, but most will delight in the unique ambivalence towards modern anime and relish the refreshing nature of Metropolis.  The visual direction of the film lavishly harkens towards a natural seduction of style rather than that overtly stylized norm of modern anime.  Slow motion, dizzying blurs of pans, and scenes painted in bold single tones layer this visual tapestry with depth and craft. 	 The characters of Metropolis, much like Otomo's previous work, embody not just individuals but entire sects of people, from bold revolutionaries (Atlas) to minions of robots (Pero) and radical fascists (Duke Red).  Still, the character that elevated this film to the highest caliber of masterpiece was the manicial yet tragic Rock.  I could write volumes on the complexities and nuances on this flawed, killer, fascist of a lost son crying tears of blood for the attention of his father.  Every character, no matter the importance or length of involvement is given motivation and reason.  This alone is an epic undertaking and gives further virtue to an already meretricious film. The defining element of Metropolis (like so many works of Otomo's involvement) is it's microscopic attention to detail.  Every inch of Metropolis' teeming infrastructure is bathed in color and motion.  Retro-styled and modernized music litters the film's grand landscape.  An array of practical and abstract technology is fused within the world's mix of hopeful ideology and bleak reality.  All are inspired with the same genuine care and innovation as every other element of the film.   	 I could continue into infinitude with my praise.  However, to say it clearly (and briefly) as I can, from beginning to end, Metropolis is a rare gem of artistry; A breathtaking and bewildering saga that now sits among a brief elect of anime and animated films as true masterpieces of cinema.  All that can see the worlds of beauty in their minds will see the beauty of Metropolis.     