 I am a Gundam fan.  I know Gundam Wing, and I know good Gundam.  And you, Endless Waltz, are not good Gundam. Id like to think some things in this world are free from the ubiquitous grips of commercialism and an endless cycle of sequels and remakes.  Unfortunately, anime is just as guilty as Hollywood.  To illustrate my point, one must look no further than Endless Waltz, a film that tries vainly to galvanize the Gundam series and condense it into one feature film about as necessary as another hour to Dances With Wolves. This film (which is really three episodes of an OVA) begins where Gundam Wing concluded (or, more accurately, at the final epic space battle of the series).  The Gundams that fight in the blackness of space to save the earth from the falling Libra look nothing like their counterparts from the series, which could make this more of an alternate universe OF an alternate universe.  And believe me, the pointless redundancy doesnt end there.  Aside from the usual returning cast is a mysterious young girl who (get this) wants to disrupt the peace established in the previous year and take over the world (original huh?). It seems that aside from the promise of peace by the aforementioned series being laid to waste in little over a year (Hows that sound, Mr. Gandhi?), the red-headed little tyrant is none other than Triezes daughter.  How or why this character even exists is beyond me.  Aside from being emotionally-skewed and lacking any feasible thematic motivations, she adds to the shortcomings of the film by simply fulfilling her role as an archetypal villain.  The primary and poetic idea of the Gundam Wing series was that no party, including the Gundams, submitted to the role of villain or hero, thus underlining the moral ambiguity of human conflict, where people fight for what THEY feel is just.  Establishing such a stereotypical antagonist contradicts the greatness of the themes that made the Gundam Wing series memorable and (slightly) original. Of course, the villain isnt the only depressing element of this misconstrued amalgamation.  Even the Gundam pilots themselves, the very core of the series, have become nothing more than sentimental and one-dimensional incarnations of their former selves.  The mystery of Trowas past, Heeros unexplainable nature, Wufeis moral ambiguity; all are destroyed in one fail swoop with the efficiency of a well-aimed vulcan cannon.  There are some reasons that characters are left with inconclusive pasts.  It allows the audience to experience the character without a preordained mindset and incessant cross-examination of motivations.  Unfortunately, these things must not have explained to the creators of this mecha-monstrosity.  Even Zechs, one of the most interesting characters in the series (and, yes, a rip-off of Char, but a good one none the less), has to bluntly undermine one of the better concluding aspects of the series and confirm his existence.  And what the hell is this whole idea of fighting without killing anyone?  Who are these guys, some preordained poster boys for anit-violence?  I seem to remember them dispensing with more than their share of soldiers in the series.  He[ck], Heero (rather humorously) declared he wanted to kill Relena in the very first episode!  It simply saddens me the depths that these characters have descended. And if all this asinine criticism wasnt enough, they actually had to make something about the series good enough to imposture me into watching it.  The animation and art direction of Endless Waltz is breathtaking (no doubt financed by the success of the initial series).  There are even some scenes that appear so amazingly rendered that I would have to describe them as almost "photorealistic."  But, the quality fluctuates according to the periods of the program and cant even begin to make up for the monstrosity of the plot.  The music is as good as ever (and continues to be one of the subtle but pleasing aspects of the series) but I dont think I enjoyed the remix of Rhythm Emotion as well as the original. So, to rap things up, dont watch Endless Waltz, especially is you are a Gundam Wing fan.  No matter how tempting the commercials on Cartoon Network appear, no matter how much you love the series (or, for that matter, Gundam period), only see this film if you need reminding how utterly bad that sequels can be.  For those of you who are casual watchers of the show, of anime as a whole, or just fans of mediocre animated films, check it out.  Im sure youll be pleasantly surprised how something so popular can be so bad.     