 Paradigm City isnt unlike many post-apocalyptic, cyberpunk incarnations of urban civilization.  The citizen are ruled by a militaristic, bureaucracy of a police force, all the while purchased into submission by the might of a supremely power mega-conglomerate.  However, what differs Paradigm City from its sci-fi brethren is not its gritty hyper-reality, sprawl of retro-technology, or its capacious dimensions.  What breathes life into Paradigm City are the stories of it populous. ....  So here comes along one of the most innovative and eclectic anime Ive seen in some time with impeccable writing and genuinely real (if not a tad pilfered) characters and I really cant say I love the show.  Why?  Art direction. The series was produced by the same group in Japan responsible for the only animation from America of any significance in past decade, Batman: The Animated Series.  Theyre additionally responsible for the flashier yet infinitely inferior Batman Beyond series.  However,  the rich visual aesthetic of the aforementioned shows fails to translate to the anime art style, if only because of the fundamental differences in the presentation of American and Japanese animation.  So, without trying to a give a class on the subject, I simply say this: The fundamental basis of American animation is the fluidity of motion, whereas in Japan it is the richness of artistic composition.  The stylized, art deco feel of Batman worked for the simple reason that it was the motion, not the composition that was the emphasis.  It didnt matter that this character or that object wasnt perfectly rendered, the frame was usually over in less than a second.  But when used in the context of limited animation, where frames of motion are far and few between and realism reigns on high, the art seems simply out of place.  In fact, the first time I watched the show I actually convinced myself I was seeing an episode of Batman. Another dimension of the series that needs mentioning is its bewildering tones of convention.  The mere fact that Roger Smith is reduced to fighting a mindless procession of over-the-top, dimwitted villains created in comic book hyperbole is almost sacrilegious to the integrity that the show attempts to build.  I would even go so far to say (Ill really catch some flack for this) the entire concept of Big O is monotonous, irrelevant, and unnecessary.  Especially when compared to the real enlightened components of the shows plot such as Dorothys search for the nature of her existence and Rogers nonchalance toward the events of forty years ago, Big Os presence only succeeds in distracting from the great thematic aspects of the show. However, as many bad things as I can dish out about Big O, I cant deny the inherent greatness the show possesses that many others dont.  When I say the show is well written, its an understatement.  I know a great deal of short-subject literature that doesnt possesses the rich storytelling craft that Big O has.  Its rare to find such amazing range and ingenuity in a TV series, and even rarer in an anime.  Still, probably the most compelling facet of Big O is its enigmatic duo of Roger Smith and Dorothy Wayneright.  Besides the strength of their individual characters, the two when mixed create a volatile and enjoyable concoction of thematic ambivalence.  Dorothys cold, metallic tone collides almost humorously with Rogers restrained yet jovial nature.  The two also fill the role of surrogate husband and wife, bringing out the best and worst qualities of each other on a daily basis.  Dorothys philosophic inquiries and Rogers narcissistic half-responses create a climate of chilling uncertainty that parallels the feelings of those around them, devoid of pasts and memories.  In a way, Dorothy is the embodiment of the Paradigm populous, and Roger serves as our exterior observer, declaring nothing except for what he sees as truth in his own mind.  This could also explain his lack of concern for his own memories, for he realizes he is without a destiny in the first place.  Such as transcendental character doesnt happen along very often, for authors rarely use them effectively.  But I believe in this case, the role of Roger Smith, in many ways the every man, the observer, the negotiator, is elastic.  He can become whatever we conclude in our own minds he should be.  This leads to many different interpretations, many different feelings, and many different views. I suppose I have to, in some form, voice my own opinion.  Yes, I like Big O, but not in the way I should toward a story as well-created as in this series.  When it comes down to it, as much as I whine about story and plot, there has to be the art to back it up.  And, unfortunately this is where Big O, in my mind, comes up short.  So, is Big O just merely a show with potential that lacked execution?  The argument can be made.  But, if you can look past the poorly-rendered exterior and dwell on the themes and meanings of the series, I could understand the declaration that Big O is one of the most original things to come out of Japan in years.  Both conclusions are valid, and neither are right or wrong.  Its only that we have them that matters. What could be a worse catastrophe than a man concluding a machine has not a soul, is that it is he himself that lacks one. -Micah Wolford     