 "I AM JACK'S HANDS, SCAMPERING ACROSS THE KEYBOARD IN A DARKENED ROOM WHERE I WRITE MY REVIEW FOR FIGHT CLUB." Fight Club is a film that lacks classification.  An action flick.  A dark comedy.  A film about the depths  of one's mind.  All such film connotations fit the bill, but if I was to  classify this film, the word that comes to mind is "90's."  Not in the  terms of a 90's film, but a film that embodies the epsilon of aspects of  90's culture.  An audience, from the very first scene of the movie, is  transported to this world that is unmistakably 90's, but more dark,  brooding, and exaggerated than its real-life counterpart.  Much the way  Terry Gillium showed us the pseudo-40's in Brazil, David Fincher shows us  the pseudo-90's in Fight Club.  A place of despair, of commercialism, and  decay not to dissimilar of our own, but only accepted by the audience  through calm nonchalance of "The Narrator."  Just as we accepted the insane  hyperbole of Vietnam through the soothing voice of Martin Sheen in  Apocalypse Now, we come to terms with the obviously overstated society of  Fight Club through the soft-spoken words of Edward Norton.  And though the  narration actually serves some relevant purpose in this film, it's  well-paced and not overdone. Much the way Hitchcock would likely begin  this film, we find our two pro-antagonists pitted violently against each  other, only to flash back to the events that created this climatic  conflict.  The Narrator laments about his hum-drum life as a white-collar  data cruncher and his endless pursuit for the American dream, and sleep.   The ladder is considered much more important to himself, so he decides to  tour self-help groups to share in the pain of others.  Of course, this  leads to some strange and indeed humorous situations ("I AM JACK'S POWER  ANIMAL, A PENGUIN.") and eventually Marla Singer.  This strange but  intriguing female character creates a sort of festering conscience in his  gut that won't allow him to sleep on the decay of others, and thus, they  have to split up the sessions. We then see the monotonous and enigmatic  life the Narrator as he travels from location to location to apply the  magic formula.  "You wake up at Boeing Field, JFK, LAX.  Gain an hour, lose  an hour.  This is your life, and it's ending one minute at a time."  And  after a dizzying array of narcoleptic hallucinations, we come to Tyler  Durden.  I'm not sure why, but it seems David Fincher brings out the best  in Brad Pitt that seems to lack in his other performances ("I AM JACK'S  HANDS, TEARING UP MY `SEVEN YEARS IN TIBET' TICKET STUB.").  Durden's  appearance in the life of the Narrator changes him virtually overnight from  his life as a quiet-spoken desk-jockey, to the dark world of street  fighting, and later, into the realm of what I like to call  "Neo-fascism." Now, being one to fabricate my own gnarled sense of  vocabulary, I'll explain.  What got to me the most about this film was my  feeling that the overthrow of our civilization will probably occur not to  dissimilar to the events of this film.  Fascism arises mostly in poor,  war-laden countries where a single race of ideals or people are idolized  and gathered.  These "master races" usually refer to the best-looking,  athletic and strong of society ("I AM JACK'S HANDS, PUTTING MY ABERCROMBIE  AND FITCH CATALOG THROUGH THE SHREDDER."), shown very vividly with the rise  of Hitler's "Aryan race" during his tyrannical rule of Germany in the years  prior and during WWII.  Neo-fascism is a term I use for the festering,  blue-collar workers in a Capitalistic society that are corrupted and  overwhelmed by constant consumerism.  It's this very group that the film  portrays. Many have criticized this film for being (Neo)fascist, but I  see no wrong in that.  Don't get me wrong, I IN NO WAY endorse  (Neo)fascism, but I don't think that justifies a direct and prejudiced view  of the film either;  much the way a film about a Neo-Nazi, or a Black  Panther, or other hated segregations of our civilization deserves to be  told, even if we disagree with their views.  That is all the more reason  they must be told. Back to the film itself, I must say The Dust Brother's  score pulsed and flowed very well with every choreographed shot by Fincher,  but, at the same time, didn't seem overbearing.  Once again, the modern  punk-rock soundtrack set this film as very "90's."  Another area I was very  impressed with were the wonder SFX (Special Effects).  Dark, well placed,  and almost animation-like describes the vivid shots and angles that  populated the film and gave it just that little Cyberpunk edge. Thus  leading, once again, to another aspect of the film that was heavily  criticized; the ending.  Now, without giving too much away, I will say the  ending was spectacular, though at the surface may seem precocious and  devoid of any amenable content to most people.  This was the bandwagon the  critics seemed to take, and I don't disagree.  The ending did lack any real  point or narrative purpose, but that was the point!  What better way to  show the hollow content of 90's society than to participate in it?  I think  most viewers weren't expecting a very satirical denouncement, and thus  failed to pick up on it. So, where does this film stand?  With Fincher's  tapestry of the screen (including a little self-parody of the theater  scene), wonderful performances by Norton, Pitt, and Carter, a  highly-volatile score from The Dust Brothers, and more information I needed  to know about explosives, I can't help but list this as one of the best  films of 1999, nay, the decade. ALSO INCLUDED ON THIS SPECIAL  WRITER'S-CUT EDITION, 5 DELETED TITLES, INCLUDING:  "The Making of: The End  of the World" "10 Things I Hate About Everything" "Fascism! Fascism! Rah!  Rah! Rah!" "From Here to Anarchy" and "Is Promoting This Product Endorsing  Consumerism?"     