 The shimmering, neon skyline, the banshee scream of tires against the pavement, the lingering headlight stream from Kanedas gang, riding the asphalt streets of Neo-Tokyo like wildfire phantoms, and probably the most interesting and intense perspective of a motorcycle accident ever filmed.  These are the visceral images that bombard the minds of those who watch only the first few minutes of Akira.  And thought it may be presumptuous for me to say so, I believe it is quite possibly the greatest beginning minutes of film in the history of cinema.   Akira is a film that takes the conventional rationale of animation and slams it head first into the pavement at 90 miles per hour.  It succeeds in so many degrees and manifestations that to commend them all would be impossible.  An engrossing, complex, and almost mystifying plot envelopes genuine and unconventionally three-dimensional characters into conflicts and conditions that defy the bounds of the word epic. There is no film, in the history of all realms of the cinema, that would suitably be coined a ronin film more deservedly than Akira.  Thats not to say that Akira hasnt gained great popularity or even notoriety, for it has.  However, its my opinion that it has not yet achieved a pinnacle of universal and genuine acceptance that a film of such obscured majesty rightfully deserves. To many, including myself, this was the first true experience of the world of Japanese anime, an all-inclusive and texture genre that is unfortunately stereotyped by outlandishly stylized animation, trifle and confusing science fiction melodramas, and scantly clad heroines.  However, as those who have continued to explore the genre have come to understand, this very medium contains no less profound or glorious works than any other forms or classification of film, and those justly deserving of equal and unbiased recognition.  Akira is one of these very films. 	However, to my constant and perpetual disgust, it is seldom held in such lofty reverence as the great, but no more deserving, works of Hayao Miyazaki, Mamoru Oshii, and numerous others.... However, even those who appreciate animation as a genuine form of art, have not entirely gained a fitting perspective.  Akira is not an overly-violent or intense film (especially when weighed against the almost grotesquely violent norm of most anime), but it can be construed so by many an unsuspecting viewers.  Consequently, its all too easy for someone with cultured tastes to presuppose a view of disfavor based purely on the films frank and stylized depiction of violence.  On the other side of the coin, hard-core anime gore fanatics (and there are a lot of them) dont get the over-the-top violence theyve come to expect and are therefore disappointed.  Additionally, many otaku (or obsessed anime and manga fans) who revel in dwelling within this obscure and almost-forbidden genre smirk at Akiras widespread and uncharacteristic main-stream success.   And, if all these factors werent enough to exclude all who watch Akira from realizing its true cinematic accomplishment, so few, especially those not affiliated with the animation community, can fully recognize and appreciate the technical milestone in animation that Akira represents.  Otomo, oddly enough inspired by the great works of Disney animation, attempted to revolutionize the conventional form of animation in Japan by adopting the Western philosophy of aesthetic through motion.   Never since Max Fleischers invention of the rotoscope had a profound technical innovation culminated into a work of such supreme accomplishment in the field of animation.  Every frame of Akira has a dimension of life and character not found in any anime of its time (and still few today).  Virtually every individual, no matter how insignificant in either importance or stature, displays a subtle spark of originality.  Even supplementary and background artwork contains a dimension of painstaking detail that almost defies imagination when considering the length and diversity of the film.  Towering, mile-high skyscrapers, in addition to being accurately and geometrically rendered, contain countless individual windows, which in turn, contain within themselves countless more silhouettes of persons and office equipment.  These backgrounds that could have taken weeks, perhaps months to complete appear on film, on average, no more that a second. But behind the superficial beauty of Akira, is a plot construct of ingenious complexity and epic grandeur that makes for a complete and solidified cinematic accomplishment.  A plot that to many, and indeed myself, appeared at first overly-complex and confusing has, after numerous viewings, been recognized by myself as unexpectedly balanced and well-coordinated, displaying Otomos understanding of literary and thematic principals.  Working with a story that took him close to five years to develop and design in the form of manga (or Japanese comics), he was able to water down and simplify the plot in a way that is masterfully conceived and flawlessly executed. So, is Akira the greatest animated film ever made?  In my opinion, yes.  Does that mean you will like it?  No.  But I do suggest that you attempt to understand and recognize this film as an accomplishment in the diverse and complex world of animation.  To what degree you find its greatness is entirely up to you.     