 In my opinion, there are three quintessential science-fiction movies from three different decades that all (strangely enough) depict the farthest extremes of this genre.  One is (of course) Star Wars. (Just for the record, I consider the original trilogy one single film) Nuff said.  The second, 2001.  Once again, nuff said.  And the third (and probably the most widely disputed) IS Blade Runner.  Now, I could go on about any of these great films for hours, but I'll try to contain my thoughts to a few meager paragraphs.  Blade Runner is one of the greatest films of all time {period} I was appalled (though I shouldn't have expected more from the white-collar fascists at AFI) when Blade Runner didn't make the 100 great American films.  The special effects alone (absolutely astounding even today) should give this film an enduring place is history, but as many who look deep within this masterpiece know, it is much more than that.  Within this film there lies our innermost feelings of loneliness, horror, retribution, beauty, love, hatred, revenge, and absolution.  I have honestly, in my years film, never seen a movie with this amount of layers and dimensions beyond the 35mm of the transparent film and into our own hearts and mind and feelings of our world and others.  That feel, that gritty feel, transports us to the grimy, suffocating streets of L.A. 2019.  The story, flawless and energetic, total complements to Ridley Scott's visual tapestry of the screen.  So many moments of deep insight pour out of this film, it's almost overwhelming to sit down and decipher the workings of the story.  The very first shot of the fiery megalopolis skyline, Deckard's tiring look out of his window into the decaying streets of his crumbling world, and finally, Batty's dove, ascending to the heavens.  This film defies the sensation of "feeling" and masterfully replaces them with "impulses", the most raw and deep of human emotion.  If I could only put into words the total greatness of this film, I could end right here knowing you knew of one of the most looked-over films in history.  But, I can't, so I, just as Batty, accept my fate and sadly let go, allowing you to examine your own thoughts and ideals.  You may not like this film, and I respect that, but I ask all of you to watch it, and give it a fair chance.  It took me three viewings to let it "grow" on me, and I feel forever greater because of it.  I simply ask you see this movie, in and only in the Director's Cut, if possible, and embrace this film before, "all those moments, will be lost, in time, like tears, in rain."     