 I was shocked I liked this CD, considering I can't stand her first single, "Confessions of a Broken Heart (Daughter to Father)", but I do. My favorite song on the album is "A Beautiful Life", where she sings "As hard as it gets, I know it's still amazing to be alive/it's a beautiful life" and basically says life is hard, but it's still great when you really think about it. Other songs include "My Innocence", where she sings about the innocence her father stole from her. My favorite line is "You broke me in with your mistakes, well thanks for the breakthrough". "I Live For The Day" is supposed to be the next single, and it's about wanting an ex to go through the same pain you went though ("I live for the day that you will be desperate and dying inside/I live for the tears to fall down your face"), "Who Loves You" is just a really cute, upbeat song about loving a guy, while "If You Were Me" asks the question to a cheating boyfriend if they would forgive you if you did the same thing to them. "Edge of Seventeen" and "I Want You To Want Me" are both covers, of course, and while I don't really like the latter, `Seventeen' is actually pretty good. In "Black Hole" she reminisces about old love letters, definite single potential, while "If It's Alright" reminds me of "Over" from her previous record, only better ("If it takes all night I'll wait here till the daylight so that I can see that we just don't belong"). It seems have the same theme. Lastly, "Fastline" is a song that hasn't stuck with me yet. It's still growing on me. She sings about living life in the fastlane in Hollywood, but I really love the line "I drive around the superficial town with a smile on my face/No one really knows how I feel inside and I'm keeping it that way". And last but not least, the title track "A Little More Personal": Good pop song. I'm thinking she's singing about how much easier it is to be a little more personal with someone she's comfortable with. She sings "the more I know about you and the more you know about me, it's easier to be a little more personal". Overall, very good album.      