 I love this album. I got it for Christmas, and I've listened to it so much! I still haven't got sick of it.  STRIPPED INTRO Great intro. I don't usually care for intros and stuff like that on albums, but I really liked this one. CAN'T HOLD US DOWN This is one of my favorite songs. She's singing about the double standards in society. For example, how a man can sleep around and it be okay, but if I woman does that then she gets labeled a slut. Another example is a man being able to speak his mind and no one says anything about it, but if a woman does then she's labeled . The lyrics are great, especially, "If you look back in history, it's a common double standard of society. The guy gets all the glory, the more he can score, while the girl can do the same and yet you call her a whore". 5/5 WALK AWAY The first few times I listened to this track I didn't enjoy it that much, but after hearing it more and reading the lyrics to it, I've found it to be much better. It's about being in a relationship you should walk away from, but you just can't seem to. Some lyrics are "what do you do when you know something's bad for you and you still can't let go". Her voice is very different in this song, but I like it. 4/5 FIGHTER You've all heard it. Good song, especially if you were in a relationship with a guy who didn't treat you good. 4/5 PRIMER AMOR INTERLUDE (FIRST LOVE INTERLUDE) Pretty good interlude. It's in Spanish, so I had to look on the web for the English translation. INFATUATION Love this song. Simply put, she's singing about her first love, Jorge.  5/5 LOVES EMBRACE INTERLUDE It's okay. Not the best. LOVING ME 4 ME I think this song is also about her ex-boyfriend, Jorge, and how he loved her for her and how he didn't care that she was famous or that she made a lot of money. He loved her for her. Hence the name of the song. 3.5/5 IMPOSSIBLE This song is about a guy who's really frustrating to deal with because he isn't communicating with the other person. I think. 3.5/5 UNDPERAPPRCIATED Great song. You can really relate to it if you're in a relationship with your boyfriend or husband and you feel like you're being taken for granted. 4.5/5 BEAUTIFUL Beautiful song. Again, she sounds a little different on this song too, but in a good way. 4.5/5 MAKE OVER This is a fast rock-ish song, where Christina is singing about how she doesn't want to be made over. She just wants to be herself and look the way she wants to. 3/5 CRUZ Not one of my favorites, but it's decent. I don't listen to it that much. I'm not exactly sure what it's about. But, like someone mentioned, the world "Cruz" is never said once in the song. 2/5 SOAR This song (as well as Keep on singing my song) really displays Christina's vocal talent. The song's message is basically to "Find a path that is your own..." 5/5 GET MINE, GET YOURS A really sexy song. I don't really care that it's about casual sex. I still love it. In fact, the fact that it's on that topic (and sung by a female) makes it even better. The lyrics are great. ("Gotta hit that spot just right. Work me like a 9 to 5", "We make love, but don't fall in love", "I want your body, not your heart"). 5/5 DIRRTY Even though quite a few people don't like the song or the video, I do. It's HOT! 5/5 STRIPPED PT 2  I love the part, "Sorry I'm not a virgin, sorry I'm not a slut." Like the stripped intro, I though this one was great.  THE VOICE WITHIN  Nice song. It has a good message, with great lyrics to go along. ("Trust the voice within, then you'll find the strength that will guide your way") 4/5 I''M OK  It's such a sad song. I almost cried the last time I listened to it. It's about Christina's abusive father, simply put. You can feel her pain in this song. 4.5/5 KEEP ON SINGING MY SONG This is another one of my favorite songs. Great way to end the album. I listen to this song when I'm not in a great mood. It reminds me of "Can't take that away" by Mariah Carey, another great song. If you liked that song, you'll like this one. Also, I was kind of freaked out when I heard those people talking at the end of the song. I don't really understand that. It was weird. 5/5 Overall, a great album. Great songs. Amazing lyrics. Buy it! Who cares about her image! Look past that!     