 RIGHT TO BE WRONG - Joss sings about how it's okay to make mistakes ("My mistakes will make me strong") and how she has the right to do her own thing. 8/10  JET LAG - She compares her love for her significant other to being jet-lagged, how it makes her feel light-headed and dizzy. It's a love song, but I never though jet-lag was something people enjoyed. Regardless, it's a really nice track. 9/10  YOU HAD ME - The first single. This one is about not putting up with a guy's drug/alcohol/etc. problems anymore and how it's time to move on ("I don't want you here, messing with my mind... I'm taking back my life"). 9/10  SPOILED - This song is about a girl whose boyfriend's love for her is/was so undeniable, how he spoiled her with his love, and how no other man could ever live up to him. It's very sweet. 8/10  DON'T CHA WANNA RIDE - This is just a fun, breezy song to listen to while you're driving down the highway. Don't really know what it's about, but it's a nice mid-tempo song. 6/10  LESS IS MORE - For those in a suffocating relationship, you can relate. Joss sings about needing some space and how she doesn't need a guy calling her 24/7 or bringing her a dozen roses, and how, sometimes, less truly is more. 9/10  SECURITY - Love this song! It's beautiful. One of my favorite tracks. It's about being there for a friend when times get rough and they feel they can't go on ("If your heart is locked and you can't find the key /Lay your head upon my shoulder/ I'll set you free /I'll be your security"). 10/10  YOUNG AT HEART - You know when you're dating someone and everyone you know says he's no good for you? Well that's what this song is about in which Joss sings "You're wasting your time trying to tear us two apart /you can't stop our plans /we were destined from the start /He loves me; I love him". 7/10  SNAKES AND LADDERS - Joss compares her relationship with a guy to the game `Snakes and Ladders ("Are we gonna to take that last step together /Going round and round and up and down/Feels just like snakes and ladders"). It's cute. 7.5/10  UNDERSTAND - Joss sure hopes you understand that she can't always be there every time you call. It doesn't matter who she's with or what she's doing. All that matters is that she's in love with you, so please understand. OK, that's basically what they song's about. It's alright. 6/10  DON'T KNOW HOW - This reminds me of junior high school, in a way, how a girl has a major crush on a guy and wants the guy to be with her, but doesn't now how to make it happen. 8.5/10  TORN & TATTERED - Never much cared for this song, but it's about being sick of "living my life singing the same old song", pretty much. 5/10  KILLING TIME - To be quite honest, I'm not really sure I understand what this song is about, but I love it. However, I think it's about how you shouldn't waste your life. In it she sings "You better stop what you're doing before you do it all wrong again" and "We struggle with the tide/Falling with our hearts but then in my mind no point in killing time". This took a while to grow on me, but once it did...WOW! I'm lovin' it. 10/10  SLEEP LIKE A CHILD - This song has a very haunting feel to it that I love. It's beautiful. It's very calming and relaxing. I think this song is about death or how you shouldn't be afraid. I'm leaning towards the latter. 10/10     