 I've just recently started listening to Martina McBride; probably because Carrie Underwood sang "Independence Day" and I wanted to hear the original version of the song. After hearing it and listening to a few of her other songs like "A Broken Wing" and "Cheap Whiskey", I really grew to like her. Now, on with the review...  "In My Daughter's Eyes" is beautiful. I especially love the line: "In my daughter's eyes I am a hero/I am strong and wise and I know no fear, but the truth is plain to see she was sent to rescue me". Almost makes me sad that I don't have a daughter...but then again, I'm 18, so maybe that's a good thing I don't. In "How Far" she sings "I want to make this work so much it hurts"  to her man, but he doesn't seem willing to. She's leaving the ball in his court when she sings "I'm gonna walk away and it's up to you to say how far". It's one of the best on the album, in my opinion.   "Wearing White" is another of my favorites, but it took me a second listen to understand what she was singing about (I'm a little slow...). It's basically about a girl in town who was known as a whore, for lack of a better word, whose marriage has everyone gossiping and in shock that she would have the nerve to wear white (which is a symbolism for virginal, I take it) on her wedding day ("It's white/I mean, really who's she trying kid/Everybody knows the things she did"). Overall, however, this song is about salvation ("The past is done/ Now she's in love and putting on a new dress...it's nobody's business what she wears"). It basically says the past is in the past, and she's moving on with her life. With her husband.   "So Magical" and "She's Butterfly" are great songs as well, but oddly enough, I'm not too enamored by "God's Will". It just does nothing for me. I don't know why. "When You Love Me" is great ballad where she sings about not only loving someone, but how he loves her for who she is ("Your eyes, they see me as I am and you take me as I am") and gives her confidence ("I'm unafraid and so completely real/And never more alive").   "Reluctant Daughter" and "This One's For The Girls" are two songs I hated on first listen that I've really grown to like, while "Over The Rainbow", "Learning To Fall" (but I love song of the lyrics, such as "When you looked in my eyes past the fear and false pride, you saw goodness inside") and "City of Love" just aren't quite there yet, and I don't know if they will be any time soon.   While I suggest this album, "Greatest Hits", "Emotion", and "Evolution" are great ones to check out also.      