 Out of all the idol winners, I think this is the best debut. The CD starts off with "Wasted", a song about coming to the realization that you don't want to spend all of your life living the way you're living and that you want to do something with it, something meaningful, in a way. The lyrics go "I don't wanna spend my life jaded...waiting to wake up one day to find that I've let all these years go by wasted". This song is followed by "Don't Forget to Remember Me", about a mother and daughter coping with the daughter leaving for college.   Other standouts include "Before He Cheats", no doubt my favorite song on the album and one I know will be a favorite of many others. This one is about a girl getting revenge on her cheating boyfriend, with lyrics like "I dug my key into the side of his pretty little suped up 4 wheel drive/Carved my name into his leather seat/I took a Louisville slugger to both head lights, slashed a hole in all 4 tires/Maybe next time he'll think before he cheats."   "Lessons Learned" is one most people can relate to. Carrie's singing about how thankful she is "for every tear that had to fall from my eyes" because there were lessons learned from every one of them that fell. Very nice. I love the line "every day I wondered how I'd get through the night" because I can definitely relate to that. "We're Young and Beautiful" is just a really cute song. I love at the end how she goes "While we're young and beautiful kiss me like you mean it, like you mean it, like you mean it, like you mean it like you do" Basically I think this song is about living life to the fullest and having fun (in the summer?) while you still can.   "Starts with Goodbye" is about having to give up someone in order to move on, how it basically starts with telling that person goodbye, and while it may hurt, there's no other way around it. This song seems like it could be about anyone: boyfriend, girlfriend, friend, mother, father, uncle, aunt, whatever...just leaving that person because in the end it's better for you if they are not in your life. "I Ain't In Checotah Anymore" is a song that's still growing on me, but it's really cute. It's about how "AI" changed Carrie's life.   "Night Before (Life Goes on)" is about summer love/young love and not wanting it to be over, while "That's Where It Is", in a nutshell, is about the perfect place for someone is in their lover's arms.  Also, "I Can't Live A Lie", "Jesus, Take The Wheel", "Whenever You Remember" and "Some Hearts" are good. Overall, VERY fine album. It really does grow on you and it's hard to skip through any of the songs. Nice pop/country album. Check it out! If you liked her on AI, you'll definitely like this album. And even if you don't, give it a chance.    BEST: Before He Cheats Lessons Learned Wasted Starts With Goodbye Night Before (Life Goes One)     