 I WANT TO WITH YOU - Leann sings about wanting to make her love last with the guy she's with and how she wants everything love has to offer, good or bad ("Once upon a lonely time I didn't want to share my life /But now I find in everything that I do I want to with you"). It's a nice opening track. 4/5  YOU TAKE ME HOME - This song I can't quite get into, but it's alright. Leann's singing about being "blinded by the city lights", the crazy town of Hollywood, and how the guy she loves takes her back to a simpler time when she's with him, and reminds her how nice it all is ("You take me to County fairs, Bedtime prayers/ Old wooden rockin' chairs /And all the things I loved I thought were gone"). 2.5/5  SOMETHING'S GOTTA GIVE - The woman in this song, Jenny, isn't lucky when it comes to love and wonders why she doesn't "have a man /two car-seats in a minivan". She goes on unsuccessful dates, but still hopes the guy is out there for her somewhere, a man who gives her butterflies, makes her feel alive, gives her dreams at night, and makes her feel alight, so the song goes. I like it. It's upbeat and fun. 5/5  WON'T BE LONELY LONG - This one Leann is telling a guy not to lead her on too long, how she knows the inevitable is going to happen sooner or later and he might as well end it between the two of them. She sings "bring on the `he's long gone, done me wrong' tears I'm gonna cry". Sometimes you just need to get these things over with and end a relationship. Better now than later. Definitely one of my favorite songs on the album! 5/5  NOTHIN' `BOUT LOVE MAKES SENSE - Well, the title pretty much tells the story of this song. I've never been in love, but from everything I've heard nothing about love makes sense. How can something so strong, the bond between you and your significant other, make you so weak? If the love you have for each other makes you so happy, why do you cry? How is it possible to touch someone's heart just by holding their hand? I love those lyrics, including the ones in the chorus ("You can win when you're losin', stand when you're fallin'/I can't figure it out"). Love it. 5/5  PROBABLY WOULDN'T BE THIS WAY - This song is hard to listen to because it's so depressing, but I still love it. It's about coping with the loss of a loved one. The lyrics are beautiful ("I never pictured every minute without you in it", "Sometimes I see you standing there /Sometimes it's like I'm losing touch /Sometimes I feel that I'm so lucky to have had the chance to love this much", "You oughtta see the way these people look at me when they see round here talking to this stone/Everybody thinks I've lost my mind but I just take it day by day "). It's great. 4.5/5  THE WEIGHT OF LOVE - Leann sings about love, and the fact that it has its highs and its lows. ("We won't always see eye to eye/We say hurtful things sometimes"). I'm not the biggest fan of this song, but she just sings it so beautifully. Extra half point for that! 4/5  WITH YOU - When I listen to this song, I can really picture what Leann is singing ("A little stretch of river on a big green field, the kind you see from airplane"). This song is basically about her vision of a perfect life with her man, living happily ever after with him and having the beautiful house and children, and how everyone dreams they can't let go of, and this is hers. 3.5/5  I GOT IT BAD - This one is about Leann wanting to let your hair down and have some fun and how she's addicted to the fast life and the thrill of it all. I love how she sings "Feel that rumble, Tough and tumble under my feet!" 5/5  I DARE YOU - Leann sings about needing a man she can put her faith in, and is daring this guy to need her like nobody else, want her like nobody else, and want be good to her. I think a lot of girls can relate to that, where they have that desire for a guy to love and cherish her. Wait a minute, what girl doesn't? 4/5  WHEN THIS WOMAN LOVES A MAN - This song Leann sings is about how, with any man she loves, she gives her all. She says she'll do everything she can to keep the fire alive in his soul, be there when times get rough, pick him up when he's down and always be there supporting him and being his friend. "When all the chips are down I'm still gonna be the one around" is what she sings. She'll be there through the good and the bad. 4.5/5  SOME PEOPLE - God, I love this song! She sings about how lucky she is to have found love, and how some people just give up on their relationship when there are hard times. I've read in places that a few people think this would be the perfect wedding song, and it would be! ("To find someone you can laugh with, someone you can cry with, tell all you secrets to/To have someone who won't judge you, someone who just loves you/ No matter what they stand beside you"). This is my favorite song on the album, and the perfect way to end it! 10/5  Wow! I wasn't a fan of all the songs at first, but they grew on me in a big way. And her voice shines throughout the whole thing. I cannot wait until her next album!      