 "How Do You Do", one of the highlights of the album, questions what God is all about. She asks "What language do you speak, if you speak at all?" and wonders what he thinks about what is going on in the world today, in his name, when she sings in the second verse, "How many people die and hurt in your name? Hey, does that make you proud or does it bring you shame?", while saying "you've made mistakes/well, that's okay `cause we all have". It doesn't slam god or a higher being, but asks questions I'm sure we've all thought about at some point when it comes to religion. She asks "Are you happy? Do you ever cry?"  "Don't Bother" is another great one, an ode to her boyfriend, or soon-to-be ex boyfriend, however you want to look at it. She tells him not to worry that he's leaving her for another woman because that woman is better than she'll ever be. She says "Don't bother, I'll be fine/I won't die of deception" while at the same time challenges him when she sings "I'm sure she doesn't know how to touch you like I would/I beat her at that one good". I think this song portrays how someone would feel if this happened to them. It's basically the hurt, the anger, the acceptance, the questioning all in one. "Illegal", which features Santana, is a song about her being so hurt and betrayed by someone that she starts to think it should be a crime to deceive a woman.   "The Day and the Time" was featured on her spanish album "Fijacion Oral Vol.1", as well as the song "Something". They're nice tracks, nothing too amazing here.   With "Animal City", I don't like the chorus, but the lyrics in the verses are amazing. She sings about fame ("They believe you now have everything you wanted/and once you have become a star you got no right to bitch/But someday when you fail they'll put you on sale and buy you by the inch") and fortune ("Your family got bigger when they thought you were rich/ And now like maniacs they scratch your back even when it doesn't itch").   "Dreams For Plans" and "Your Embrace" are nice, but once again nothing to spectacular. However, "Dreams For Plans" is really growing on me.   "Hey You" is one of my favorites on the album, where Shakira sings about how she'd do anything for the guy she's with, and how it's an offer he can't refuse. I love when she sings "I'd like to be the owner of the zipper on your jeans".    "Costume makes the clown" is another good one, where she's singing about how fame has changed her, and not in a good way. When people treat you a certain way and dress you up a certain way, you start to act like that person, which is the message I think she's trying to convey. "Timor" is my second favorite song of the album (behind "How Do You Do"). It's about our ignorance of the world around us. She sings sarcastically about how the "good" guys are in power and the bad guys are in jail, and how we'll be okay because we live in a democracy and can vote. Basically it's saying, as long as we're okay and everything is going good around here then that's all that matters, and not say, the genocide in East Timor.   Whew! Anyways, I do like her first English album (Laundry Service) a little better, but it's still good nonetheless. One complaint with the album is that I wish she'd had more songs on it, because there are only 11. And I don't understand Spanish at all (even though I took it for three years in high school), but Fijacion Oral Vol.1 is a good album that's worth checking out.      