 I found this book to be very enlightening. I like how it shows you the true millionaire (as opposed to affluent people who spend too much money and will never become millionaires) because you can begin to figure out vicariously what you yourself can do to work toward becoming a millionaire.  I glanced over some of the reviews of those people who only gave it two or three stars and said, "...it talks about saving your money and not being extravagant. That's common sense." They either didn't bother to mention a major point or else they missed it completely: all the millionaires mentioned were business owners (or self-employed). That's what it takes to reach their level. Even in comparing this book to Robert Kiyosaki's "Cash Flow Quadrant" you can see that striking similarity.  I remember when this book came out, the media put a lot of attention on the "wealthy defined" section: there's an equation on page 15 (which you can see right now since Amazon.com allows you to look through the pages on the net!) that is a major update to the old, out-dated wealth philosophy that you should be earning an equivalent to what your age is. This book really makes you look at your own car lust in a different way too! Do you really want that brand new high-priced current model year car that you have to pay for at least for the next 5 years (or even worse, lease it) or do you want to work toward making yourself wealthy right now?  And the section on "Weakening the weak and Strengthening the strong": I never had any idea that there were so many grown children (I'm talkin' in their 30's 40's & 50's) of affluent families consistently receiving large sums of money from their parents (for many years). What an eye opener!  I'm giving it 4 stars, though, because the preponderance of charts stunted the flow of my reading it.  At times the text became very pedantic in its explanation of a chart (which many times didn't seem to be of much importance anyway). I'm sure the authors did that because they spent 20 years interviewing millionaires and gathering information to write this book. As for putting the information in this book to work for you, though... it would still take a lot of homework on your own part. For example, the authors don't explain how to get a business started, they don't explain how to study the stock market, etc., and I'm not faulting them for not including such information, but just realize that this book is not a "how-to" type of book, although it is sort of close.     