 I completed this book around late 1998. I have to say I got a lot out of it, but I was progressing through it at THE WORST possible time in my chess development; when I had just started playing in USCF tournaments. It was a bittersweet experience because I was enjoying learning a great amount of openings, but, at the time, my knowledge of the middlegame, and especially the endgame had yet to begin. My opponents said they were impressed with my opening play, but that means nothing when you can't understand the obvious aspects of the middlegame and can't close the deal and win the game in the middlegame or in the endgame.  Fine explains early in the book that you can't memorize variation upon variation for each opening. Some players are good at memorizing long lines of variations, but overall it is much better to understand the ideas behind the chess openings. You must understand what openings are going to lead to an open game or to a closed game, etc.  Fine shows that there's an idea for playing each opening and once you approach learning all openings with that thought in mind you can do better right from the beginning of the game. But, I would suggest that no one make the same mistake I did; that is, reading this book as you embark on tournament life while not being well versed AND experienced in the middlegame AND the endgame. You can at least read this after you fully understand middlegame principles.  I also have the very popular Nunn's Chess Openings. You should understand this one thing: Nunn's Chess Openings, the Modern Chess Openings and other "telephone book"-sized chess books are touted for there current lines and diversity of variations of opening play. The MCO, for instance, is like the world almanac in that it will most likely continue to have updated editions to be published. All this to say that Fine's book is often criticized as being a poor openings book because it was copyrighted back in approximately 1954 and all the openings in it are thus outdated by today's playing standards. But, Fine is more interested in stressing the importance of understanding the Idea; those other books don't do this as well as Fine did all those years ago. Understanding the idea will stay with you much longer than memorizing a multitude of possible lines. As I have found out, you can spend all month studying an opening and never see it in an upcoming tournament. But, the thing is, you will see it when you haven't been studying it! Understand it's idea and you'll still have a good handle on the situation.     