 I love JAZZ!  This is a truly required collection for anyone who is a "dyed-in-the-wool" Jazz lover. I first got this in June of 1999. I listened to the discs in their consecutive order. Little did I realize at the time that I was listening to the last stage of John's EVOLUTION! The INTENSITY is something that just keeps growing. Everyone always jumps on the "...his best album was "A Love Supreme" bandwagon, and I can understand that. But, from listening and studying this entire collection over and over (even to this morning), I'd have to say that "A Love Supreme" was the BEGINNING of that last stage of INTENSITY in which John consistently engrossed himself. I have John's "The Heavyweight Champion" Box set also and I love it too, but I can say without compunction that I love this box set even more!  You really have to hear how INTENSE "SUN SHIP" (the album) was. The track "Dearly Beloved" is like INTENSE crying!!!  I'll stop before I get into reviewing all the songs, as did a fellow reviewer in this section.   I'm really also glad I own an experience of the mastery of John's pianist, McCoy Tyner, in this box set. McCoy can't be neglected while enjoying the music as a whole. He is truly a master of INTENSITY in the piano world. But, I do have to say his albums today are a bit more toned down. I guess that's because of his age. And as for the drummer, the great Elvin Jones, it's a marvel to witness such incessant, driving drumming that continues all the way through the songs. He is a perfect match for this stage of John's musical journey. Jimmy Garrison has a great gift for melody and improvisation on the bass. He is quite artful in his introductions to some of John's heart-wrenching beginning statements. I feel that I want to go on raving about this compilation!!   My only criticism is that it doesn't contain "IMPRESSIONS" or "SPIRITUAL", two of John's well-know favorites while on Impulse; but the accompanying book explains the reason. You'll have to get the "John Coltrane Live at the Village Vanguard" box set to enjoy those.  The accompanying book gives very insightful historical background to what was going on in the world when John wrote some of his songs.  Get this box set and you feel surges upon surges of INTENSITY!     