 I found out about this book when I read Chess Life Magazine's 1998 interview with Maurice Ashley, the first African American Chess Grandmaster. He mentioned how he found this book extremely helpful in his chess development. Keep in mind, though, that this is not at all a Chess book (on second thought, I shouldn't say 'at all' because this book actually addresses all things). Ashley mentioned Leonard's statement about the importance of "staying on the path."  This book explains how to get better at things you wish to improve. If you stop and think about your status in your favorite hobby or activity you are sure to hear your friends in that same activity mention how good they are, but when it comes to improving and gaining mastery, the Men are then separated from the boys. As for me, I have always intrinsically realized that you must continue practicing incessantly, despite your many failures and shortcomings. Leonard addresses the issue of how achieving the improvement you seek happens physiologically as well as "mentally."   Over the past seven years, I have heard my chess buddies say thinks like, "I don't see what good reading all those chess books does for you if I can still beat you!" The good news is I hear that one a lot less nowadays. Just yesterday after seeing just how many notes I had written in one of my chess books, one of the higher-skilled players in our chess circle said, "Gee, DELL, you should be a grandmaster by now!" So, the impatience from my peers is still there, but at least it has a different tone! Last year, Maurice Ashley himself saw that same book (Extreme Chess [read my review]) and he visibly was overwhelmingly surprised at the multitude of notes I had written in the margins (then he autographed it and my copy of "Mastery"!). In the early part of the book, Leonard talks about why people don't improve at things. I find that this is very important to take note of. Even more importantly, he mentions certain personality types that don't improve because they do things to hinder their own progress. It's very important to be honest with yourself and see if YOU are one of these types. The help to that issue comes in the section on The 5 Master Keys. This section really tells you what you have to do to get that better English on your curve ball in bowling (figuratively speaking, that is). These five keys are a real eye-opener and they will work for anyone who is willing to take hold of them. That impatience from my peers that I mentioned earlier is elaborated on in the following section. It falls in the area of what's called HOMEOSTASIS. That is a very interesting section!  	All along even until the end, Leonard is showing the reader how you must stay on the path; Mastery is a journey, not a pill.  I rave about how good this book is, but I'll only give it 4 stars because, in my opinion, it's not in-depth enough to help someone master interpersonal or romantic relationships. This book is not very long and it is very comfortable to read and understand, but people are a complicated subject. In Leonard's defense, he doesn't overly claim that this book will improve a marriage or prevent a divorce, but he does hint at it in a "just- keep-working-at-it, you'll-make-it" type of tone. I do give it full kudos, though, for being a book on developing your abilities and striving for mastery at what you're endeavoring to do instead of being hard on yourself and choosing another hobby or giving up just because you had some difficulty.     