 This book superseded my expectations because I read some of the Amazon's members' reviews beforehand. I really like how this book reveals how a lot of the millionaires everyone seems to be in awe of are from average to even low levels academic achievement. Of course, that doesn't mean that I think everyone should underachieve, but it does show that just about anyone can achieve high levels of wealth regardless of educational achievement. It's all in the mind! Lately I've been hearing a lot about "are you doing what you were put on this earth for?" and a big part of this (the clue) is "are you doing what you love to do?" That is one of those seemingly obvious points that wasn't so obvious to me before... that most millionaires are doing what they love to do and that's what made them millionaires.  If you're planning to have a mate in you life, you really have to be sure he or she is a wholesome person through and through in order to keep your money from leaving you like crazy. Stanley points out that so many people (we men especially) are highly hung-up on physical attraction (there's a story in this section about a guy who found out about his long-term girlfriend's hidden agenda that will just make you stop in your tracks). We could all definitely learn a lot from the insistence that most millionaires exercise when they consider a mate for the true humanistic attributes rather than money or looks. The Chapter on "The Economically Productive Household" can really teach you a lot about making your lifestyle more efficient economically even if you don't plan to make a million dollars (see page 282, 3rd paragraph for a really good piece of advice).  If you're looking to buy a house (and make it your home) "The Home" chapter is a definite "must-read". If you're buying and feel you don't have time to read the whole book, at least read this chapter (and this is coming from a 36-year-old single guy who isn't looking to buy a house in the very near future). I assure you it can save you a lot of money and maybe even heartache and stress.  Overall, this book shows good insight on the millionaire as a person. Just as they say, "You are what you eat", You are definitely what and where your mind is. Let Stanley show you where this group of people's minds are so you can get your mind there!  Just as I wrote in my review on "The Millionaire Next Door" I'm giving this four stars because of the profundity of unneeded charts. Just look them over or overlook them so you can enjoy the text.     