 For many (most?) of us, this set provides the first chance to see as well as hear all of the principal G & S operas except "Trial by Jury," in all their "innocent merriment."  That said, I have to observe that the set is not a source of "unalloyed pleasure."  The individual productions range from very good to unmitigated disasters. At the same time, I must acknowledge that it is something of a miracle that any of them are even acceptable because they were produced under conditions that virtually guaranteed that excellence was impossible: the principals apparently worked under the handicap of singing to pre-recorded accompaniment, allowing them no flexibility of phrasing for expression.  In addition, each production was rehearsed for only a week and then taped in a week.  All are plagued by generally poor diction, especially from the chorus, and by lots of busy, pointless moving around, especially by the chorus.  When the chorus has to brandish swords, staffs, lilies, etc., the members rarely are together.  Dancing, choreographed by Terry Gilbert (no relation, I'm sure!), is at best passable.  Finally, the scenery and costumes mostly look low budget. 	Casting is odd.  The producers apparently didn't trust the material, so they brought in a "name" performer or two to "star" in each production whether or not they could contribute anything but their names.  Some of them are very good, others are disasters.  Clive Revill gives excellent performances as John Wellington Wells ("Patience") and Ko-Ko ("Mikado"), and Joel Grey is a wonderful Jack Point ("Yeomen").  Peter Allen brings nothing special to the Pirate King, but he does not disgrace himself or spoil the production.  William Conrad as the Mikado can't sing, and he delivers his lines in a strange, falsetto-like voice at odds with the character.  Vincent Price can't really sing, either, but he manages to bring off Despard ("Ruddigore") with credit through canny professionalism.  Frank Gorshin brings nothing but monotony to King Gama ("Princess Ida"). 	Peter Marshall and Frankie Howerd combine to utterly destroy "Pinafore."  By his own account, Marshall decided to play Captain Corcoran as a song-and-dance man, which has no connection with the character created by Gilbert & Sullivan.  Howerd included bits of his standard comic shtick, even though they are totally unrelated to the character of Sir Joseph.  Gilbert would have keel-hauled both of them, along with staging director Michael Geliot for letting them get away with it. 	"Princess Ida" is staged as a kind of charade or show at some posh estate.  This conceit makes the piece mostly unintelligible. 	Several distinguished opera singers make substantial contributions in the roles they play.  Derek Hammond-Stroud is a superb Bunthorne ("Patience"), but his Lord Chancellor ("Iolanthe") is vitiated by David Pountney's staging, which puts most of the action in the House of Lords, contrary to the libretto; the recognition scene with Iolanthe goes for nothing, when it should be touching.  Anne Collins gives enjoyable performances as Jane ("Patience"), the Queen of the Fairies ("Iolanthe"; also compromised by the staging), Lady Blanche ("Princess Ida"), Katisha ("Mikado"), and the Duchess of Plaza-Toro ("Gondoliers").  Elizabeth Bainbridge is a solid Dame Carruthers ("Yeomen").  Stafford Dean is a decent Pooh-Bah ("Mikado").  Richard Van Allan sings Private Willis ("Iolanthe") strongly, but his impact is diminished by Pountney's staging. 	One puzzle of the casting is why only two D'Oyly Carte veterans were used.  Donald Adams shows his clear mastery of the style in "The Sorcerer" (Sir Marmaduke), "Patience" (Col. Calverly), and "Ruddigore" (Sir Roderic), as does Gillian Knight (Ruth) in "The Pirates of Penzance."  Both have exemplary diction and project the characters they are playing while they sing and move.  They would have been welcome in many more roles, along with other members of the company. 	Each act of each opera is introduced by Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., in stilted, uncomfortable fashion; your DVD player will let you skip him.  The booklets with each set have cast lists (including a few errors and omissions) and texts of the musical numbers.  Some familiarity with the librettos is certainly useful.  In this connection, the ideal companion would be Ian Bradley's "Annotated Gilbert and Sullivan" (Oxford University Press). 	In spite of the problems and disappointments, we're not apt to have any alternative to these productions if we want the G & S canon for our home screens.  Acquisition of this set should certainly be supplemented by the 1939 film of "The Mikado."  It has some peculiarities as a production, but it also has the matchless Ko-Ko of Martyn Green and the first-class Pooh-Bah of Sydney Granville, plus a surprisingly winning Nanki-Poo from Kenny Baker.     