 This book finally says what most intelligent heterosexual males have for some time either suspected or tacitly believed, and it says it seminally.  Dr. Schwartz, a professor of organizational behavior, shows that feminism has gone suspiciously beyond mere demands for gender equality, and has become essentially a special interest ideology, inculcating into society that male psyches are fundamentally flawed, and attacking masculinity in order to elevate a female ethos of fiscal and social power.  This is accomplished by using "equality" as a camoflage for engaging in attempting, by way of political correctness, to criminilize masculinity.  This has been successfuly done by inventing and successfully obtaining public censure for "attitudinal crimes and conflating them with behavioral crimes."      Wow, how true!  Somebody finally cast off the shackles of tired and stale political correctness and is speaking naked truth.  How fresh -- how welcome! And all one needs for a proof of this is to examine feminist response to the Clinton sexual harassment scandal: NOW (Patricia Ireland; Betty Friedan, et al  backed Clinton!  They really do not primarily care about sexual harrassment as a phenominon in itself -- they care about it as a means to achieving some advancement at the expense of the male.  Unless, of course, the male supports their achieving the advancement at the expense of the male.  Then they can conveniently discard the precept (and the alleged victim) as secondary to their "agenda", which is based upon destruction of the male psyche, not upon victim based concerns.     Dr. Schwarz uses as his primary examples the horrifying string of outstanding military men, some of them bona fide heroes (one of them, Stanley Arthur, had won 11 Distinguished Flying Crosses serving his country), whose careers have been derailed by accusations of, essentially, "overmanliness".       Some may find difficult to take seriously the role of women in combat military service, yet, they're winning in the trenches of gender politics, all right.  The list of allegations made against the male officers (one "threatened" a female subordinate by wearing a sleeveless shirt and gym shorts on the base -- he had been running; another female found the requisite Army 3-mile run "demeaning to women", and was given a bye, etc., etc.)     This is an important book.  Society needs to get back to reality: logic and reason need to be given their proper precedence over emoting and "feeling", as basis of decision making.  And men need to reconquer their own country, the U.S.A., which is becoming increasingly intolerant towards perfectly natural male behavior, often for reasons, says Dr. Schwartz, having nothing to do with anything other than resentment, or a desire to damage the male psyche for purposes of feminist (or gay) self-interest.  ...     