 This product is not a bad buy for the money. But it has some hidden flaws that really ticked me off.   I used iRiver's MP3 unit with 256 MB storage for about two years before I bought the newer, flashier 1GB unit. Before I bought it, I figured, "Hey, I can just use the software I already installed for the 256MB unit and I already know how to use it. How hard can it be to start using the newer unit with much more capacity?"   Pretty damn hard, it turns out.  The 1GB unit came with new software that is NOT user friendly. In fact, the worst part about it is that the software has spyware hidden within. Immediately after I loaded it on my computer, I began getting all sorts of pop-up ads that offered goods and services that looked suspiciously like the subjects on the internet pages I had recently viewed or was trying to view. (This despite the fact that I have an excellent Norton anti-virus, anti-spyware package on my machine.) Four weeks later and many hours of work later (downloaded Ad Aware and some other products), I still have yet to rid my machine of these little gremlins. I curse iRiver everytime I have to interrupt my surfing to close down 4 or 6 pages of pop-ups.   I have also not been able to manipulate or use the software that came with the new 1GB unit. Indeed, I HAD to remove the old software that came with the 256MB unit before the 1GB unit would work. And after that, I couldn't get the newer version of the iRiver software to work. The only way I could load music on the 1GB unit was to use the shareware version of MusicMatch. It took me about two hours of cussin' and bangin' to figure that out.   Finally, it frosted me that I can no longer use the 256MB unit on my main computer. It is not compatible with the newer iRiver software. My 12-year-old daughter had been looking forward to inheriting the older/smaller unit and loading it with her music. Ain't gonna happen.   Once I got the 1GB unit loaded with music, it worked fine. The sound is great, the unit is compact and relatively easy to use. It rocks. But getting there was a pain in the butt. There's gotta be an easier way.      