 For those unfamiliar with Bear Family Records' way of doing things, one should understand that they go about their work like possessed archivists, turning out products that are worth twice the often high price tag attached  to them.  To be canonized by Bear Family is more prestigious than being  inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.  That being said, obviously  don't buy this if you aren't already an admirer of Gore's talents.  But for  those who are left hungry for more after obtaining the Mercury double-disk  greatest hits package, this box set is for you.  The pop aesthetic created  by singer Gore, producer Quincy Jones, and arranger Claus Ogermann, is  rivaled only by Spector's "wall of sound" and Motown's Funk  Brothers.  The sounds they achieved in the studio amaze me, and their  selection of songs is even better.  The Greenwich/Barry compositions, such  as "Maybe I Know", "Look of Love" (not to be confused  with Dusty's), and "What's a Girl Supposed to Do" surpass  anything that this great duo did with Phil Spector, for the Crystals and  the Ronettes.  There are a good number of Goffin/King songs as well, along  with many other songwriters who were part of the Brill Building/Screen Gems  crew.  Also of note are the sessions that took place after Quincy's  departure, when Gore was coming more into her own as a singer and  songwriter.  These sessions with the Nashville musicians (way before Dusty  did it), which were virtually ignored on Mercury's Best-of, are essential  listening for Gore fans.  "Any Other Girl", a song Lesley penned  with her brother Michael, and "Only Last Night" particularly  stand out as a brilliant pieces of pop songwriting, on par with anything  produced earlier by the Jones/Ogermann team.  And, of course, there's a  book with lots of pictures, some of which Gore has interesting stories for.   Trust me, I was skeptical about forking out the cash for what I feared  might be endless second-rate outtakes, but that's not the case here.  And  besides, where else are you going to hear her singing "You Don't Own  Me", "Run Bobby Run", "It's My Party",  "Judy's Turn to Cry" and "If That's the Way You Want  It" in German, French, and Italian?     