 The Heart of the matter ... ALL matter ... where nothing matters ---------------------------- As i delve into this marvelous assortment of "Duets of Oneness" what knocks me over is the simplicty of the message (and the "messengers") ... there is a palpable sweetness and what some would call a Heart-Resonance that seeps into the reader from the space behind the words and the spaces on the page ... DO NOT miss this one ... for me this is the best book a seeker could read ... IF the interest is in seeing through all the myths and expectations about the "Bliss of Enlightment" or some other such nonsense. This is a book for the Ripe and Ready ... if he or she is TRULY interested in and "willling to go through the death of the apparent individuality!"  This is a text in the tradition of the great dialogues of Adi Shankara, Jnaneshwar, Nisargadatta and Ramana ... and as such is much MORE than "A story of liberation, friendship, humor, and love, as Sailor Bob takes spiritual aspirants beyond the need for help, just as Nisargadatta Maharaj did for him thirty years ago..." It's that, AND more. Ashtavakra Gita for the 21st century... now.  This text directly and experientially signals the end of suffering and provides a space for the natural occurring of just that. It allows the seeker to SEE the space of the Pure I Consciousness (That I AM-ness, Oneness, Not Two) wherein that can occur for any seeker ready to have the seeking end, right here and right now. That seeing transforms life itself.  It is also "one of the warmest, most heartfelt treatises on non-duality ever written." I love this book ... not since I read Ramana Maharshi and Sailor Bob has anything so clear and present invaded my heart like this book does!  Here is a quote from Gilbert Schultz ... "There are even some examples of a boisterous egoist there that thinks 'it' has the understanding and makes definitive statements in an attempt to establish its position in relation to the 'others'. That in itself is quite elucidating. The false passing itself off as genuine has a smell all of its own. "  Amen to THAT .... i say that from having experienced that boisterous egoic attitude myself on many occasions, to the dismay of my friends. Thank God that Bob and others ... like James ... are around to disabuse us of that nonsense!   i guess you could say i enthusiastically recommend it! :-) love, charlie (theeternalstate.org)     