 I say that this book is "dangerous." Because this is not a book for self improvement or orginazational betterment, but rather it is a powerful conversation that impacts the survival mechanisms of the "personal, limited me" that keep real effectiveness at bay. Hidden in the space the words arise from is a Clarity and Reality that can transform even the most cynical and jaded among us.   What is this transformation? Simply this: an awakening into a new realm, a realm of pure impersonal awareness, in which a new possibility for Being arises: Being possibility itself, unbounded, unstructured, unlimited ... in short, free. And freedom is the Source of true power (NOT force.)  I have recommended this book to colleagues who simply are unable to take the time to participate in The Landmark Forum, the offshoot of Werner Erhard's est training that produced the initial body of work out of which the insights and processes in this book were generated ... from Nothing. (NO Thing.) I can tell you from experience that it is the real deal, having taken both est and The Landmark Forum. I can also tell you that for an open, honest reader, that "getting" the No Thing that est revealed and that The Landmark Forum reveals now is entirely possible.  In addition i recommend "The Last Word on Power" by Tracy Goss. It is also the Real Deal. Tracy's book draws heavily on est and The Landmark Forum, and in addition makes crystal clear the Work of a practical philosopher, Dr. Fernando Flores, whose explorations in the Nothingness and Emptiness led to powerful insights into the power of created language ... committed speaking and listening ... a language of creation, of generation, of the carving out of a possibility and its manifestation in "reality" ... in the world.  This is a manual for transformation, possibility, creation and generation ... from the Emptiness from which all that is arises, this book offers the space to be, do and accomplish the impossible dreams that many of us have given up on.  Five stars is not enough. Read it, use it, transform the world you are, and produce unpredictable results... With best wishes and warm regards for our human family, charlie hayes (...)     