 ~ the last book ~  reading the book, i am no longer sitting at the feet of any guru reading this book reveals with no effort that what I Am is the guru ...  what book? not a book for the mind not a book for the heart a destroyer of all that appears to suffer, leaving only it that is... not-suffering-not wanting not a single thing what is known is not it what is not known is not it  what book!?  "Oneness" "the destination  you never left"...  This Work Lovingly and Gracefully Resolves the paradox of no 'doer' and 'doing inquiry' brilliantly... Thereby dissolving the seeker, leaving ... Emptiness utterly Full /// Silence joyfully Singing. "You may have been searching for self-realization, enlightenment, the Buddha Mind, God, or some other goal implying the same thing. You may have been searching for many years; or you may just be getting started on a search. Whether you have been traveling a path for a while, or just taking the first step, makes no difference. This book invites you to take a look at the space that has been overlooked, to see what is obvious, and to bring that search to an end... right now."   This book DELIVERS the "seeker" back to the Home he/she never really left .... It's Endorsed by "Sailor" Bob Adamson... who says, "This book takes the seeker locked in the confusion of the mind to the Immediacy of The Natural State. It is very simple, direct and to the point. It will be a benefit to many people."  My direct </em>experience</em> is that John Greven stands outside all that is, and thereby offers a unique approach, which fits NO such "category" as "neo" or "traditional" Advaita. Clearly written by NO ONE... Oneness, just That.   Direct, simple, clear pointing to what is REAL from the "lineage' OF Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj ... this is it ... the last book you will ever need. Read it. get it, and the suffering is OVER. It worked for "me" ...  I say that as a pointer to the absolute Natural Knowingness that there is NO seperate "me." That I Am. That You Are. And That is That. Over and out... Svaha!! Lovingly, c.   www.theeternalstate.org    www. onenessjustthat.com     