  "The Great Money Hunt" is an essential book for frustrated racers seeking sponsorship. The bad news is sponsorship is tough to find. The good news is that you CAN get sponsored when you know what you are doing.  Andrew Waite is a pro. He has a LOT of valuable experience in Motorsports and once managed sponsorships for Bobby Rahal's team. His book is a great insider look at how the game is actually played.  Now I must add for obvious reasons that there is a SECOND book that most racers who have read both will tell you "Get Sponsored" is ALSO essential.   "Get Sponsored" was first published in 1997, by Charlie Hayes (yes, me!) A "Millennium Edition" is available from Steve Smith Auto Books at WWW.SSABPUB.COM ... "Get Sponsored" is also now available in a downloadable 2005 edition Get a preview at  www.GetSponsoredNow.Com.  This book was written from my perspective of the professional racing DRIVER frustrated by the money seeking game. I drove for Ferrari at one time but when that "ride" went away I was left with little money to start a team. So I had to learn how to get sponsors, and I did, the hard way. I became a top ten driver world wide (AutoWeek, 1966) because I DID learn how to get sponsorships. I was sponsored in small race events, as well as the Can-Am series. I obtained funding from toy companies; tire manufacturers, oil companies, spark plug manufacturers, a large new car and aftermarket company and more.   Then in the early eighties I worked as the National Marketing Manager and Sponsor Liaison for a company heavily involved in sponsoring teams and drivers in all forms of racing. I saw that most racers really had NO clue how to get the sponsor's attention and get in the door, ever mind get any money. Because they were lacking key information they were shot down before the got off the start line.   Seeing the game from both sides of the desk gave me valuable insights to share with other frustrated racers. That's why I wrote the book; to help racers go racing!  My clients have gotten sponsored by major firms like Fujitsu, Ricola, McDonald's, Goodyear and Bulls Eye Foods  This book can help you avoid the many mistakes racers make when approaching a company for sponsorship, especially the smaller amounts, like $25,000 to $250,000. Racers who have gained sponsors using this book's methods include Milt Gedo, who now LEADS sponsorship seminars himself. Others say:  "Trying to sell sponsorship without Charlie's book is like entering into a knife fight armed with a Popsicle stick"  "I got my McDonalds sponsorship using your tools . . ." Greg Carr, Late Model owner/driver  "Trying to sell sponsorship without Charlie's book is like entering into a knife fight   "The best stuff on sponsorship I have ever seen" Frank Oglesby, former Mello Yello team owner and NHRA car owner  "I wanted you to be the first to know I got sponsored!" Jeff Sands (USAC Midgets) and Several Others  "Thanks to you, we have already landed our first project sponsor!" Joe Perron, Special Courtesy Transport Company  "With your help, I have sponsorship for my Road Race car!" Jim Lombardo, SCCA Racer  "Using your tips we've already procured a Title Sponsor and two Second Tier Sponsors. Thanks again for the invaluable advice." Alicia Tolbert, Marketer for "Big Game James" Worthy   So get BOTH books and Get Sponsored. My book will be available soon on Amazon and is available now for immediate download. Go to www.GetSponsoredNow.com or http://speedtalk.com/get_sponsored.html  where you get Andrew's book as well.  THE single most frustrating and challenging thing I confronted in my many years in Motorsports was the money search. Getting sponsored! I learned a lot the hard way. My coaching is about helping you avoid the mistakes I made and teaching you how to DO WHAT WORKS.  As a fellow Ferrari Driver once said, "If a man is awake and alive I can live Ten Years in two hours on Sunday." My work is intended to be my gift back to the sport I love... in the hope that it will help YOU ... a Fellow Racer ... GET the money YOU need to race... and WIN. So you too can live ten years in two hours on Sunday.  So, get BOTH Books, and Stand On It!  Cheers,  Charlie Hayes The Action Group Offering Sponsorship Marketing help since 1986     