 Daniel Schacter's book, The Seven Sins of Memory, is an excellent starting point for those interested in learning more about current human memory research. It succeeds as a wonderful introduction for three reasons: (a) it is accessible -- you don't need a degree in Psychology to understand it (b) it surveys the key players in the field -- make no mistake, this is a book that backs up its claims and conjectures with summaries of results from top researchers, and (c) it is short -- at just over 200 pages, there is absolutely no fluff. The author looks into 7 faults of memory, including transience, persistence, misattribution, bias, blocking and absent-mindedness. There is also a wonderful section at the end where the author tries to tie everything together and ponder why we have these faults: for example, are they evolutionary (ie, as a result of survival of the fittest)? This last part is a nice section, and quite daring, even if you decide that you don't agree with the author. Having gotten my undergrad degree in Cognitive Science several years ago, I now work in the computer industry. When I passed by the book in a local bookstore, I thought it'd be fun to revist my past studies. Not only did Dr. Schacter refresh my knowledge of the eyewitness studies of Loftus, the work on memory by Robert and Elizabeth Bjork (both of whom are excellent instructors, btw), and the theories of McLelland and Anderson, he provided a wealth of summaries about other researchers and up-to-date studies. This is really a book that any undergrad in Psych or Cognitive Sci should read, yet it is easily accessible for all.  As far as problems, there are only a few. One is the title: I'm not sure why the author chooses to term the memory faults he describes as "sins". Maybe it makes the book sound more intriguing -- I would have rather he called them "faults". The only other problem that comes to mind is that some of the explanations for why we cannot remember do not address other motives. For example, at one point in the book, the author theorizes about why people cannot recall certain "unpleasant" incidents (such as a rejection or poor performance on a test). In addition to the explanations provided, I think it would have been worthwhile to investigate an obvious other motive: pride. Some people choose not to acknowledge unpleasant incidents in the past because it hurts their ego. That's not a case of faulty memory, but rather a deliberate choice to avoid the truth.     