 Eric Schlosser's book Fast Food Nation is something that everyone should read.  Do not make the mistake of thinking that the book is only relevant to those who live on McDonalds and Taco Bell. Much of what the book is about has to do with how the restaurant and francishing industry works, how "meat and potatoes" are produced and consumed in this country (and abroad) and about the impact that "food science" has had on what populates our dinner tables.  As a result, the book is really that anyone who lives/eats in America should read.   While encouraging others to read it, I also suggest that they do so with a critical and skeptical eye.  The book is, at times, politically biased and - despite its litany of footnotes - misleading and most likely imperfect.  At times, one feels like an eager student, reading a riveting sociological text; at other times, the feeling is one of annoyance, like reading a one-sided Mother Jones or National Review article.  I found myself making notes inside the book so that I would not forget to mention them when I eventually wrote this review.  That's the kind of reaction the book provokes.  With that, let me dive into the major GOOD and BAD aspects of the book:   The GOOD: (1) Very easy to read.  It's like reading one long magazine article, but there are footnotes provided that help back up the claims made. (2) Great history about the origins of the fast food industry. (3) Good overview of the major food players (growers, processors, distributors) and how beef, poultry, and potatoes are processed. (4) Riveting account of the experiences inside a slaughterhouse as well as the impact these places have on the cities they reside in and on the people who are employed at them. The BAD: (1) Silly, useless commentary.  For example, Schlosser visits a food science lab (Intl Flavors & Fragrances) and reports how the place looked like the "Willy Wonka factory" with bottles full of "long chemical names" that seemed like "magic potions".  Judgements and portrayals like this make the book seem unbalanced and weak. When you have to resort to characitures, you're bottom fishing.  (2) Misleading statistics.  Schlosser presents many startling numbers culled from his research.  Most of them seem accurate, but some are very misleading.  For example, he says that in 1998 "more restaurant workers than police officers were murdered on the job".  Okay, he wants us to believe that working at fast food restaurants is dangerous.  But it's unfair and sophomoric to compare the numbers -- and not percentages -- when comparing FF workers to police officers killed.     In short, the book is not just an neutral observation about the fast food industry and its effects.  It is part fact, part interpretation (more fact than interpretation).  And, as a result, it can come across as biased and is definitely misleading at times.  Still, there is enough skeleton of fact and enough of an overview of the machine of the fast food industry to make this book not only a worthwhile read, but a mandatory one.     