 I recently used this book on a trip to Florida. On the trip, my family and I visited Orlando, Palm Beach, Ft. Lauderdale, Miami, the Everglades, and the Keys. With regards to the non-Everglades parts of the trip, the book was fairly useful. It pointed out the major highlights in each place, some nice "on the way" stops (such as the Lion Safari outside of Palm Beach), and was a decent Disney reference. However, it also focused a lot on various dining and lodging choices, which I didn't really find that useful. In fact, we used the free AAA guidebook more frequently when making reservations or dining choices. However, I give Fodors the benefit of the doubt here -- it's targeting a class of travelers that spend a bit more than I care to when traveling. It also contains a lot of nice information on good city walks to take, which I liked. For its non-Everglades coverage, I give it between 3.5 and 4 stars. However, its Everglades coverage was not good. We found the park information and the AAA guide to be much better. In fact, the Fodors book threw us off completely when it suggested what to do if you only have 1 day to spend at the park. It suggested essentially that we choose Big Cypress if we enjoyed seeing the wilderness or the main part of the park if we enjoyed seeing "exhibits". After choosing our own path (and being very happy that we did), we can confidently suggest that you ignore choosing what to see based on the Fodor's characterization.  Given only one day to see the park, everyone should drive the road from the main park entrance to Flamingo. You get to see a lot of wilderness (35 mile drive), a lot of wildlife (the short hike in the back of Royal Palm Visitor center comes to mind), and you will also get the chance to do some canoeing (at Flamingo) or a boat tour. In short, the Flamingo road drive has something for everyone and it's too bad that Fodors doesn't do a better job of communicating this. For that, I give the book 1 star.  Overall, I suggest that you only buy this book if you typically stay at 3-star or higher hotels at every stop and if a fairly expensive dinner (admittedly at what is often a nice place) is very important to you along the way. Personally, I don't mind eating a bit cheaper, staying in the occasional motel (or using PriceLine to get a better deal on 3-star hotels), and focusing more on things like national parks.  I think with a little bit of effort, Fodors could make their books more well-rounded. Cut out some of the dining/lodging and unrealistic itinerary stuff -- most people do not spend 5 days in Miami, for example. Replace that with more information about acquariums, national parks, snorkeling tours, etc.  Also, try to include itineraries for people that have less than 3 days.  Florida is a big state and it is rare that most people will have enough vacation time (and desire) to spend 2 weeks or more traveling there.     