 I enjoyed reading this book, although there were some elements I found irritating. First, the irritating bits: The prose has no breaks or chapters; the conversation occurs over the course of three days. Surely at least each day warrants a chapter or section.   The story does not use quotation markings. This I can see because the narrative is 99% one character. There are periodic quotes from a listener with no visual designation as such, and this was mildly confusing, but I can see the reason for the absence of quotations. I recall Ann Rice's "Interview with a Vampire," (a completely different type of book) where quotations were used and it really got to be quite troublesome to navigate them all, in my opinion.   Aside from the lack of quotations, the story is really a monologue by one character, whom to me, seemed very full of himself in dominating so very much of the conversation. I found this irritating, a selfish trait this character had, who even admits he loathes people who talk too much. Who was this listener, who remained nameless and without personality? I felt like I wanted to know who this listener was. I don't think though, the story suffers greatly from it being told in this way; to me it was just a bit irritating.   One other little thing I did not like was some areas that to me seemed like filler or fluff - irrelevant discussions of other elements of the speaker's life. Some things like details of other members of his family, his wife's family, even his father's death, seemed like they belong in another story. This story is about adultery. Let's keep it focused. To me, even in a novel, just about every word counts. The speaker is a writer, and he even admits that writers adding this filler is not something he likes.   As for what I found strong in this story: For one, I believe the ending is just right. I was expecting some drama, hoping it was not too much, hoping it was consistent and believable. It was. It warrants a sequel so we can learn more.   I liked some small passages of text, one that sticks out, and is reminiscent of Cheever, is "I may go to a museum or an afternoon movie, the latter though very seldom because I am afraid of being taken for one of those men who go alone to the movies mainly to rub their elbow against the woman in the next seat." Wonderful.   The story is gripping and maintained my interest; I wanted to know how the predicament was resolved. I am hoping the author is considering a follow-up.     