 If it were not for Bruce Wilkinson's book, I'm quite positive I would have never heard of Jabez.  Hidden within a boring geneaology is a beautiful one sentence prayer of a guy named Jabez, which Mr. Wilkinson has sort of developed into a thirty year daily mantra.  The prayer, found in First Chronicles 4, verse ten, reads, "Oh, that You would bless me indeed, and enlarge my territory, that Your hand be with me, and that You would keep me from evil, that I may not cause pain." Simple and straight to the point. Like a self-help motivational speaker, Wilkinson is relentlessly upbeat and optimistic, and quick with anecdotes.  Though I am not always used to donning the rose-colored glasses, I did find this book to be an easy read and very inspirational.  The ninety-something pages flew by rather quickly, and most readers will probably finish it in one sitting. Wilkinson does an excellent job talking about the wonderful exhiliration in receiving God's blessing and having ones borders expanded in terms of ministry.  Lest we think we can achieve this on our own, Wilkinson stresses the importance of relying on the hand of God, not just in receiving blessings and help in our ministry, but also in keeping us away from evil, temptation, and deception.  If we pray this prayer, or one like it, in earnest, we are on our way to living out an honorable life before God. I did, however, feel uncomfortable at certain points, wondering how some readers might take Wilkinson's interpretation.  I'm not certain that this prayer should be given so much emphasis as to start organizing an "Operation Jabez", or expecting on a regular basis the "miracle of Jabez" to occur.  The daily dose of "Jabez praying" that Wilkinson prescribes is definitely not a bad idea, but it might give one the impression that it is a quick fix to any problem we may encounter. Some may also get the impression that if we wish for something specific and say the magic Jabez words, our wish will, POOF!, be granted.  Wilkinson writes of "challenging God's power" by asking, for example, for things like more revenue for the businessman, asking that ones flight be delayed because you are running behind and don't want to miss the flight, or for the entire island of Trinidad.  I'm afraid that some may find that no matter how earnest and genuine their personal request may seem, God's intentions may not exactly mesh with your petitioning for a DC-10 in order to expand the outreach of your ministry.  You may be setting yourself up for disappointment if you get too specific in your requests of God, because God sometimes has a peculiar way of answering your prayers.  Neither the Lord's prayer, nor that of Jabez, contain any specific requests for a particular detail in life.  Should Wilkinson be disappointed if, say, he recruits only 100,000 Bible teachers for his ministry WorldTeach, when his actual prayer was for 120,000?  Or, perhaps a more pertinent question would be, should the reader be disappointed if he is only able to minister to one or two people in a week, instead of the one or two thousand he reached in the example he gave about his youth ministry outreach program? What God intends for us might not always coincide with what we think God intends for us.  The life of Job would have still been the same, even if he excercised daily in Jabez-prayer.  The Christian life is not always an easy path.  Wilkinson probably would not deny this, but some of his readers may not interpret his book in this manner. Maybe I am being too picky in voicing these concerns, but I felt I should say something. Bruce Wilkinson's book is an excellent and inspirational work for which I will still give a high recommendation.  I am looking forward to reading his next book, which I believe is already out, entitled Secrets of the Vine.  Another book I'll recommend trying is one of my own (shameless plug, I know), entitled A New Beginning (Eric Westra).     