 Here's a mean-spirited book by an English journalist who presents for our entertainment America as Freak Show. Roll up, roll up, for only a few dollars see... the Modern Primitives! Women who bind their feet in order to wear 7 inch heels! Yes! Peer inside the mysterious Elohim City, created by crazed Christian cultists armed to the teeth! Visit Murray, Kentucky, home of a terrifying gang of teenage vampires! And so on.  Jeffreys writes with a horrible air of superiority about nearly all of his freaks.     "Like many elderly southern gentlemen of his type, there's probably not a single human pleasure he rates as innocent, except maybe wearing sheets and burning crosses" (page 130). For Jeffreys, all the cliches are true.  He sets up the easiest of targets in order to have great fun in kicking them around. I open the book at random (page 83) : "'The Lord is with us tonight,' Wayne says in a southern accent which bears about as much resemblance to Standard English as rural Hundustani."  This book is inviting us to laugh heartily at the trailer park zoo on display. We should congratulate ourselves on how much more intelligent and attractive we are than these creeps and weirdos, says Jeffreys, and reading this book I imagine he does, frequently. Returning from another expedition to California or Alabama I can imagine him chortling about the latest great story he's bagged (maybe a bunch of goofballs who think they've been raped by aliens), one hand on his laptop and the other on his coke spoon. Oops ! I just lapsed into Jeffreystyle for a moment there - for example (page 135) "despite her husband's denials she hired a private investigator, one of those bottom-feeders who usually have one hand on a whiskey bottle and the other rooting around in someone's trashcan".    I did enjoy two chapters - one in which a psychologist has a very funny rant against Christmas ("Haven't you felt enraged by someone to the extent that you bought them a present?") and an account of the Burning Man Festival - here, just for a moment, Jeffreys seems to actually like the people he's with. But that's rare. Mostly I get the impression that after another encounter with a wacko from Waco he can't get back to the hotel fast enough. As an Englishman myself, I almost feel I have to apologise to Americans for this book.     