 It's like one of those very psychedelic albums from the late sixties, where they do all those funny stereo effects, and all that phasing or whatever it was called - all great fun but you still had to have good songs. As you'll know by now, "House of Leaves" has more tricks up its sleeve than you can shake a James Joyce at, but not enough tunes. There are two stories. One's about this, you know, uh, what can I say - house. Okay, it's about the story of the book about the film about the house to be precise, but let's not overcomplicate things. The film at the centre of it all is called "The Navidson Record", and so is the book about it. Hmmm - well, the house story is pretty good - yes, stolen from numerous genre horror movies and books, but not bad, sufficiently interesting, even a little bit creepy. (But come on, by no means edge-of-seat keeps-you-up-all-night, so I have to wonder about the encomium from Brett Easton Ellis - he should get out more.) Now the story of the house is wreathed with hundreds of footnotes - even the footnotes have footnotes, believe me - and I really liked them. They're a kind of deadly straight-faced parody of various kinds of commentators, some scholarly, some not. Very funny stuff, in a solemn, unsmiling way. Many intellectual jokes. Not much knockabout. But so far so good. However, and here's the downside, the footnotes are themselves encrusted with the random autobiographical jottings of the guy who supposedly discovered the book-about-the-film. His writings comprise story number two, the tale of Johnny Truant. And it's dire. It's most strange - I found the events of the spooky house more believable than I did the ludicrous cavortings of Johnny Truant - gratuitous sex, drugs, tattoo parlours, and existential angst by the bucketful. JT is inclined to spout off into pages of incomprehensible rantings at the drop of a tab, and it's just as interesting as someone describing their most wonderful/most terrifying acid trip, which is to say, it's really tiresome. Eventually I gotta say that JT and his pal Lude and his sexual fixations and his loony mother and his fights and his whole depressed, defeated and miserable schtick just serve to capsize what was otherwise an interesting and almost bold satire. Final note : with all the pages containing just one sentence or three words written back-to-front, plus photos and poems in foreign languages et etc this is a 400 page book posing as a 700 page book. Still big, but not THAT big.     