 I picked up this book several months ago after the birth of my second son.  I thought that this book would give me some insight into what my sons needed from me.  Well, was I disappointed!  Because I have not been a boy, I cannot possibly understand my sons needs; however, with the guidance of quasi-feminist Gurian, I'm to see the error of my feminine ways and cater to their needs.  Whatever.  This book wasted my time.  He had nothing incredibly new and revolutionary to say.  I trudged along throughout this book hoping to come upon some real insight.  All I found was Gurian peddling his own boyhood experience and well-embedded stereotypes to us.  For example he writes on p. 112, "One eighteen-year-old father put it to me this way: I wanted an abortion. She didn't.  Now I have to pay the rest of my life because what she wants is more important.  Why should I pay?  Let her pay."  Gurian goes on to say, "My counseling with this man was to try to bring him closer to his child. Yet it's hard to argue with his point of view...his former girlfriend is legally in control of her body and the fetus, but the byproduct is that she is legally in control of her former boyfriend's future too."  What?  Is he saying that it's a woman's fault alone that another human was created?  Not quite, but what he is saying is that a man should have a choice to abort as a woman does.  Is this what our society really needs?  I don't think there is a teenage boy alive who can say for certain he knows his girlfriend will have an abortion if he says so.  This being the case, boys should keep their pants up.  They know how babies happen.  I also have a real problem with Gurian talking up how to raise boys when he has never been a father of a boy himself.  He has two girls!  His experience is summed up in the introduction.  Anyhow, don't waste your time.  A better alternative is "Parenting with Love and Logic."  Boy or girl this is a really effective way to raise children without all the ...that confuse parents.     