 I'm shocked at how little Naomi felt she knew about pregnancy and birth.  I had my first of two sons when I was 18 years old.  I turned to numerous resources to educate myself about nutrition, common occurances, word definitions, the birth experience, et cetera.  What I experienced (a trouble-free, non-medicated, hospital birth) actually surprised me only in that I thought it would be much worse.   Naomi appears to have a lot to say, but in the end she's running in circles with no real conclusions (as if there are any in the U.S.), and no extensive insight.  She is talking from her personal experience (thirty-something, married, well-educated, good household income, etc.)  I know in her Afterword she attempts to address and/or defend the limited scope of her book.  I can talk about my own experience, and have, but I expect more from a writer such as she.     I could not relate to her experience on some levels:  For example: Many of us do not have the luxury of staying at home, nor do we have the luxury of taking leave when we have children--or for that matter not putting our children in daycare.  I went back to work/college two weeks after I had my son.  I exclusively nursed, pumped, took him to daycare with me (worked at a care center) and did not complain, because it was something I had to do and I accepted it.  I just feel like, in comparison to many women, she has little to complain about. Sorry lil' girl, but this is not a huge revelation to many of us.--There are many other arguments I disagree with--but there are some points in the book I do agree with.  These include the dismissive nature doctors have about postpartum depression.  I had a severe case with my second son and I felt too embarrassed, too afraid I would be considered unfit if I told my care-provider.  When I did, I got a bottle of Celexa and was sent on my way.  This, I might add, helped nothing.  I also agree with her description of the hospital experience--I compare mine with my sister's experience.  I thought my doctor would be there much of the time, coaching me on, being my advocate.  Oh, so not true.  In my two birthing experiences, nothing could be further from the truth.--And when Naomi mentions in her book about going to dr. appts. and being told that the doctor would be back in a few minutes, I could totally relate.  I had no idea that the doctor would come when summoned by the nurses, just moments before the head crowned, then w/o telling me he would cut me open, sew me up, and be done in time for dinner.  In comparison, my sister had midwives with her two girls. Her experience was so much more comfortable, so beautiful, and not sterile.     I also agree with the way in which your relationship with your spouse may suffer.  I too, felt bitter at times, I felt as if I took on all responsibility as far as feeding, changing, and waking up late at night.  What I discovered is this:  Make him do it!  Make your spouse do what you want him to do.  After a time, I refused to change a diaper--I asked my husband to do it.  I refused to cook dinner at times, and he learned to do it, I told him I needed time off--just to write or read and he would do it.  We set in motion a plan that actually has worked.  The women Naomi describes become complicit in the way the spouses treat them.  The become bitter, as I did, but they do not set bounderies.  I think this should be a point she may consider for a new Afterword.   All in all, I believe this is an interesting read.  I enjoyed the Mother's Manifesto at the end.  My conclusion is this:  Look at Sweden! : )     