 If you haven't yet ventured into the world of erotic romance then you'll be hooked forever once you've read the work of this author. I love all of her books, and look forward with great anticipation to her new releases. The Possession is Ms. Black's newest contemporary, and it just goes to show that this author has more than a few tricks up her sleeve when it comes to weaving an erotic and romantic tale. If you're tired of the same old hum-drum formulaic seduction scenes in your romantica tales, then get ready to be pleasantly surprised by the decidedly 'unformulaic' twists and turns to be found in The Possession. In The Possession, Kris Torrence - a single, 34-year-old professor of anthropology has a problem; She's bored. Completely and utterly bored. She's tired of being a straight-laced, well-bred, always-do-the-right-thing kind of girl. She's ready to let down her hair and experience the wilder side of life...no matter what it takes.  A classified ad in a newspaper for an island resort catches her eye and imagination. It seems that Hotel Atlantis is looking for select females to work in their 'gentleman's' resort situated off the coast of San Francisco. Kris has heard of the posh island retreat, and knows just what kind of working girl the advirtisment is aimed towards. She isn't even surprised to read the words - "Women comfortable in the role of submissive are especially needed" - typed clearly at the bottom of the ad. Although Kris is an indepentdant, intelligent, and hardworking single girl, she cannot deny the heated rush of pleasure the thought of being submissive to a man brings washing through her. With no small amount of excitement, and before she can have a chance to change her mind, Kris applies for the week long postion...and to her surprise is hired almost on the spot. Kris is assured by John Calder, Hotel Atlantis' owner, that her identity as a college professor will stay a secret while she works for him, as the club only caters to the richest sort of men - hardly the type of man she would know in her normal, hum-drum lifestyle. Little does Kris know that her long time nemesis, and secret crush, Jack McKenna, is close friends with the island resort's owner, and that he plans on spending the week at the resort relaxing and tasting of the pleasures that Hotel Atlantis has to offer. Understandably, when Kris sees Jack across the hotel lobby her first night there, she is stunned and seeks to flee before he recognizes her. I won't give away anymore, but I admit that it's hard not to :) You'll have to read it for yourself. Suffice it to say that this book is HOT. Hot hot hot!! As always is the case with a Jaid Black novel you'll be entranced with her understanding of human nature, and the secret desires of women. Be prepared to fall in love with the secondary characters as well - I hope she does a sequel featuring John Calder. This is a rich, evocative tale...as well as a steamy and sensual erotica, and I loved it! I also reccomend her other books, ESPECIALLY the erotic paranormal/sci-fi Trek M'Qan series staring with book 1 The Empress' New Clothes. Once you've read Black you'll never go back! :)     