 This recording dates back to 1952 for the world celebrations commemorating Verdi's death in 1901. There have been 13 customer reviews of this historic recording in the short space of one year. An amazing input, I dare say! So far, there has been a mixed reaction by other listeners, from the sublime (by many) to the ridiculous (by few).   Trovatore, the masterpiece of dramatic situations, calls for supreme characterization by singers. The complex musical texture demands that the soloists' voices be of absolute strength, able to soar above a fast-paced score. This 1952 recording of Bjoerling/Milanov/Barbieri/Warren seemed to fit the bill up until early 2001, when 1951 recordings of other great singers were released to celebrate Verdi centenary. I liked the celebrated soprano Milanov (Leonora) vocal technique ever so sure in "Di tale amor" Act I, the imposing mezzo-contralto Barbieri (Azucena) rich and ample harmonics in "Stride la vampa" Act II, baritone War!ren (Count Di Luna) ductile, polyvalent, subtle and expansive vocalization in "Il balen" Act II. I admired Barbieri's tragic hallucinations as the gypsy and Warren's exasperated jealousy as the Count.  Sadly, the popular tenor Bjoerling is the weak link. Vocally, his intonation is not soft enough, his legato is not always fluid and he has a tendency to emit monochromatic tones. Hence, his characterization of the poetic and fiery troubadour is very unconvincing. A listener claims that he was easily the tenor of the 20th century! I agree that the world, especially America, admired him. The Met paid a huge salary for his appearances. However, he cannot be included in the great league of Manricos: Lauri Volpi, Pertile, Roswaenge, Lazaro, Merli and Corelli. For artistry and thrills, this 1952 recording comes second to recent releases in Italy: the 1951 live, poor sound but exciting recording of Lauri Volpi/Callas/Elmo/Silveri, four Mediterranean singers of the highest! order, or the 1951 studio recording of Lauri Volpi/Mancini/Pirazzini/Tagliabue which has a superb sound and lively orchestra performance. What makes the difference is Lauri Volpi, a great and convincing Manrico. He was an unmatched Manrico even in 1951 for superb diction, exquisite mezza voce, dramatic accents, feline bursts and resonant squilli. Listen to his famous "Di quella pira" and "All'armi" sounding like a message sent to the moon!     