 The two musically and vocally sumptuous CDs under review include the enchanting La Rondine, a mature Puccini' score, plus highlights of the tragic opera Le Villi, the composer's first opera. The recording offers a glorious trail of musical discovery to the listener because performance and recording of both operas are rare. Any list of lyrical opera masterpieces does not include either of them. How wrong can people be? It is the first time I heard both operas. Puccini's publisher Tito Ricordi thought very little of La Rondine and dismissed it as bad Lehar. This opinion is sheer nonsense. La Rondine is a delightful, inspired musical composition in the typical expansive lyricism of the great master. The score evokes the artistic sense, delicate tastes, passionate refinements and French boudoirs of La Belle poque in Europe (1900-1914). Make no mistakes. The unsurpassable lyrical style of Puccini is there: Heartfelt recitatives, tender phrases with bold colours, ample extensions, top notes of volume, power and timbre. The music is reminiscent of the effusive delicacy mixed with passion of Madama Butterfly.  Now to the plot concisely. Ruggero meets the courtesan Magda at a Parisian ball. Thinking that love has blossomed, they flee to the coast away from city vicissitudes. Ruggero utters "Dimmi che vuoi seguirmi alla mia casa" offering his beloved a life of family affection. Magda is an art- loving, modern charm woman and cannot renounce to her ambiguous circles. They part.  Roberto Alagna as Ruggero sings warm, lirico spinto notes without a French nasal but more with a Franco-Italian pulpy sound. He cannot claim entry yet into the "espada", a group of legendary tenors including Gillion, Escalais, Fleta, Lazaro and Lauri-Volpi. They emitted steel bladed top notes. Alagna is very convincing in the role, which portrays the nave and immature young man from the provinces. Angela Gheorghiu as Magda sings with pure and soaring notes. She is beautiful, has long black hair and a ravishing scenic personality. She is very convincing as the charming courtesan. The highlights of Le Villi are part of the second CD and a magnificent bonus. The prelude and two symphonic intermezzi are included. They are admirable pieces of orchestral invention and workmanship. In the first intermezzo, the Abandonment, the orchestra begins quietly, female voices join in, surges to passionate chords and dies away with the chorus' distant echo. In the second, the Witches' Sabbath, the orchestra pours forth an overflowing rush of sounds and extremely talented polyphonic mixtures with great clarity, as in all Puccini's music. "Torna ai felici di' dolente il mio pensier" the protagonist Roberto laments in sorrow on his return home. He had left, fallen for an adventuress and forgotten Anna, his first love. The sweet Anna waited in vain and died heartbroken at the coming of winter. Anna' spirit appears with those of other deserted maidens, Le Villi, and in revenge draws him to a fatal dance.  Alagna sings the aria with surprisingly passionate accents as the masochistic self-tormented Roberto (Le Villi). Alagna sounds distinctly and superbly Puccinian. The conductor Pappano's tempi are magnificent and throw both operas under a new light of incredible musical beauty (listen to the intermezzo, the Abandonment, of le Villi). More stupefying is his sense of opera as musical theatre. The expressive strength, the space he concedes to the singers, the sense of arioso and a sound explosion without limits fly to the listener's ears and heart. The CD sound is resounding and faultless. The beautiful booklet contains photos of the principal singers, secondary roles, conductor and artistic scenes. The critical review and synopsis are in English. The libretto is in both English and Italian. The CDs track numbers are usefully bolded at the margins of the libretto. BUY AND LISTEN TO LA RONDINE AND LE VILLI ON THESE CDs. YOU WILL GET A STUPENDOUS, NOVEL EXPERIENCE AND DISCOVER MORE OF PUCCINI!     