 The opera Otello is Verdi's true claim to immortality. There is little doubt that Wagner greatly influenced Verdi. He did it beneficially. The great German composer kept the Italian genius' personality and style intact and did not cause him to compose in servile imitation. He made Verdi pay attention to his musical drama. Verdi came to appreciate the fluid music texture of Lohengrin, Tannhauser and admire the Wagnerian infinite hero lost, like Siegfried, in the unknown of the forest.  However, Otello is a battle hardened general and a hero outside the Wagnerian circle of infinity and solitude. He is a dramatic hero with solid virility. To maintain his very nature, he is in search of a central voice with easy passage to silvery brilliant top notes to claim victory against the Turks, warm phrasing in the love duet, hysterical accents when Iago insinuates matrimonial betrayal and rage towards Desdemona in the presence of Venetian dignitaries.  In this CD under review, the tenor Giuseppe Giacomini is full of interpretive intentions but his voice is not appropriate to the role of Otello. The voice is large, not beautiful, well sustained at the top but completely bottled up in the throat, referred to as "voce ingolata" by Italian critics. The notes in the low and middle registers are acceptable. The top notes, which abound in Otello, become mere shouts. They have energy and volume but no timbre or color at all. Berlioz recalled that the art of singing had become that of the shout due to very large capacity of theatres. Giacomini, Bonisolli, Mauro, partly Cupido, Beccaria and Martinucci came out of this new school of singing. Giacomini's contribution "Gia' nella notte densa" to the famous love duet with Price, as Desdemona, has no ethereal quality. His "Si, pel ciel marmoreo giuro" in the thrilling oath-taking duet with Manuguerra, as Iago, is a tame affair. The last heroic whisper "...ah! un altro bacio" leaning over the lifeless Desdemona is almost mute and dramatically unconvincing. Dame Margaret Price, the honored Welsh soprano and a fine interpreter of Mozart, shows that she is comfortable with Italian melodrama. With Janowitz, Troyanos, Lorengar, Gara, Donath and Mathis, she held high the ever-conquering colorist tradition of sopranos in the sixties. She loves Verdi, who offers her teasing opportunities to sing chiaroscuro, filature and sudden enlightenments in the role of the loyal and chaste Desdemona. She takes on the offer wholeheartedly. In this CD, her phrasing is multi-varied in colors and celestial in filature. All her intonations, as in "Dio ti giocondi" Act III, Scene II, are honeyed and her heartfelt singing is delightful throughout. Her "Son mesta tanto, tanto" and "Salce!Salce!Salce!" Act IV, Scene I, are plaintive and exquisite bel canto. The timbre is hot and lucent but the top notes are somewhat violent and often "opened". Matteo Manuguerra is just a baritone no more or less. He takes on the difficult role of the perfidious, subtle and tragic Iago. Vocally, he is almost a copy of Tito Gobbi, a baritone of medium quality with a voice of limited volume and passable technique. Artistically, he tries to imitate Gobbi, who favored the parts of Posa, Rigoletto, Nabucco, Scarpia and Iago, allowing him to better unite the actor to the singer and give the character a more ample meaning. Manuguerra delineates his "Credo" fairly well with cruel, sage and final thunderous accents. Yet, the insidious phrasing "..in man di Cassio.." in the famous oath-taking duet Act II, Scene V, sounds a bit comical! A well-rehearsed chorus supported by a high quality orchestra, comparable to the Berlin or Vienna Philharmonics, comes out with flying colors. The conductor is Alain Lombard, assistant to Karajan in Salzburg and Bernstein in New York, who keeps the orchestra under a vigorous and inspired baton. The sound from a studio recording of the opera is even more astounding. The inventive, fluid and complex orchestration of Otello comes out so vividly as I never heard it before. The purchase of this high fidelity CD is worth the price for sound alone. The book-note, enriched with photos of Verdi, the soloists, secondary roles, conductor, chorus, orchestra and artistic scenes, is informative. The opera synopsis is in Italian, French and German. The libretto in Italian only is included. Studio audience join in the applause at the end of each act and add a touch of enthusiasm to the stage performance.     