 Opera is a unique and splendid art form. It combines glorious singing by soloists and ensembles, dramatic or comic acting, spectacular scenes on indoor and outdoor stages, light effects and vibrant music. All these effects depend on the lyrics contained in librettos as a paramount foundation stone. Popular and great composers paid a lot of attention to the libretto or "parola scenica" (scenic word) as Verdi defined it. Puccini struggled in search of suitable subjects for opera. Once he found them, he had stormy relationships with his librettists on lyrics, for him to get inspired and compose immortal melodies. Verdi had problems with librettists apart from censors, in his quest at compressing the action on stage for maximum dramatic effect. When he found a poetic genius (Arrigo Boito) to write for him, he dished out "Otello", a masterpiece of condensed poetry and music, which would have made Shakespeare proud of the opera based on his play. Wisely, Wagner went a stage further and wrote his own lyrics. This book under review is an innovative, monster compilation of famous and popular opera librettos, which will delight and inform operagoers. What is also very handy in the book is a faithful description (in the original language and English) of what goes on the stage. Of course, the book is heavy and thank goodness that it is a single volume, although the pages are thin paper. Otherwise, with more robust paper, there would have been the need of several volumes!  That said, reflecting on the importance of a libretto as foundation stone, I went about checking the accurate spelling of the Italian librettos (my mother-tongue) and how faithful the corresponding English translations were. On the book dust jacket, the editors wrote "COMPLETE ORIGINAL LANGUAGE TEXTS WITH ENGLISH TRANSLATIONS". I found a myriad of spelling mistakes in the Italian texts to make fire ants look like frightened and depleted hordes! As an example, in Luisa Miller (Verdi), Act II and Scene IV, the first 50 singing lines between Walter and Wurm have 18 spelling mistakes of the Italian language. Misspellings and absence of consonants and vowels, missing words and attachment of prepositions to words. It is a real bedlam! There is a claim that the English translations are full. Surely, they are full of sentences that do not correspond to the Italian ones. At times, the meaning conveyed sounds very poetic but is not faithful to the original intention. As an example, in Tosca (Puccini), Act III, Mario Cavaradossi, reminiscing one night of love with Tosca, sings "...mi cadea fra le braccia"(she fell in my arms) translated as "In her soft arms she clasped me" and "le belle forme disciogliea dai veli" (beautiful forms she disclosed from the veils) translated as "A thing of beauty, of matchless symmetry in form and feature!". This is very liberal translation, poetry within poetry!! I may accept the poetic versions in English but a very useful book of complete opera librettos with glaring spelling mistakes is inexcusable. Great pity, because the editors only needed to do a thorough spelling check of the Italian and all other original language librettos. Then, the book would have deserved 5 stars. There is still time and opportunity for the editors to do it. Their effort in producing a great book deserves more accolades than they received from readers so far.     