 I took an intelligent gamble by purchasing the Verdian masterpiece recorded live and issued by IDI in early 2001. The performance was at the San Carlo Opera House in Naples on 27 January 1951. The expected cons were: poor sound, coughs, and uncontrolled applause. The pros: to hear the soloists' voices without the miracles of studio electronics, enjoy the atmosphere, applaud with the audience, get a great feeling and say "I was there that night".  Keep the CD play volume down, avoid surrounding effect, use bass adjustment, be patient with a few inevitable coughs and the cons will almost cease to be a nuisance. As I hoped, the gamble paid great dividends. It was an exhilarating and memorable night! The audience  warmed and became enthusiastic as early as Act I! One of the most loved and known operas, Il Trovatore has a complex musical texture, setting endless traps to the singers. It calls for four voices of absolute strength, able to soar above a resounding score, kept by the conductor Serafin at a lively and urgent pace. All of them were: Callas, Lauri Volpi, Elmo and Silveri!   Hear, indomitable fans of the divina Callas! A splendid and ravishingly young Leonora on the photo (27 years of age at the time), smiling and holding hands with the legendary Lauri Volpi, the greatest Manrico ever to grace the stage and the most loved tenor in postwar Italy.  Callas' phenomenal "multiple" voice, lyrical, light and dramatic was at her youthful prime and flowed divinely in " Di tale amor"in Act I, to hit acute notes throughout "D'amor sull'ali rosee" in Act IV, with no trace of what detractors call the Callas wobble. Lauri Volpi, a fiery and agile Manrico, was at his poetic best and the crowd went buzzing at the troubadour song in Act I. His "Pira" and famous squillo "All'armi" in Act III were like a message sent to the moon!!! It brought the house down with wild shouts of "Bis, bis"! Elmo, the fatal gypsy Azucena, reflected the spirit of vengeance with masculine energy and cavernous notes. Shouts of "Brava, brava" accompanied her "Stride la vampa". Silveri, originally a bass turned baritone, the evil Count Di Luna, was vocally noble and resonant in "Il balen". What an assortment of powerful and frenetic ensemble in the finale of Act II!     