 The opera Macbeth is a success or failure depending on the principals  Macbeth and Lady Macbeth. Macduff makes some contribution while Banquo's part ends halfway through. The witches play an important role, the chorus do to a minor extent. The orchestra needs to be resounding where needed without overpowering the "parola scenica" or scenic word which is paramount in the opera based on Shakespeare, the poet so much admired by Verdi.       Macbeth is one of my favourite operas but, alas, certain aspects of this CD disappointed me. I feel the Mascherini/Callas/DeSabata CD is artistically superior despite the huffy sound of the orchestra (recorded in 1952). Milnes (Macbeth) is not suited to the crucial role. His baritone middle and  upper registers are somewhat hollow, hence not dark and sinister enough to plot with his wife the king's assassination and usurp the throne. Cossotto (Lady Macbeth) fares a bit better but with many hysterics and a poor legato. She is no Souliotis, vocally the finest Lady Macbeth I ever heard.  In the minor roles, Carreras (Macduff) and Raimondi (Banquo) sound admirable. I liked Carreras from the moment he made his appearance. "Orrore! Orrore! Orrore!" and "O figli miei" have dramatic and youthful vigour. Raimondi sings nobly and powerfully and yet the disdained announcement  "E' morto assassinato il re Duncano" is finally drowned by the orchestra!  I liked the witches, the most pleasant surprise of the pack. They sing as a well-rehearsed chorus, with much verve and clear diction, supported by vibrant orchestral sounds. I did not rave about the orchestra, energetically conducted by Muti in  turbo-charged mode. Yes, the orchestra is spatially resounding but at times it drowns the singers, chorus, the lot, as if it were in a competitive mood. However, it executed the ballet music beautifully. The uneven registration is more concerning. The rustic music announcing the King's arrival and the apparition music are ever so tinny, the loud knocks on the castle door sound like cannons, the brandishing swords of Macduff and Macbeth cannot be heard, Lady Macbeth famous aria  "La luce langue..." is almost inaudible, in seeing Banquo's ghost Macbeth "Di voi, chi cio' fece?" is drowned by the orchestra. I am not certain to what extent it was the balance engineer or the recording studio arrangement at fault.  Having said that, I liked the soloists' pianissimo and the "rolling, relentless Act I finale", the most exciting choral music in all Verdian operas. In addition, I liked the vivid banquet scene, the exquisitely executed ballet music and the exiles'chorus lyrical and plaintive beat.     