 This is a lovely yoga video in so many ways. I, like most reviewers, cannot rave enough about the "yoga matrix"- the feature of this DVD that allows you to choose which poses you want to do. Wonderful, wonderful feature. I went through each of the four pre-set workouts first though to get familiar with the poses, and that was an interesting experience because the two "solar flows" contain much harder poses than the other two. There really is great variety in the level of difficulty on this tape- some of the poses I just couldn't do, and some I had to stay at the first level. That was a bit humbling (and reminded me that working with where you are is important in yoga), but it's nice now that I've moved on to using the custom practice feature- I can add in a new difficult one each time to work on. I recommend having a block and a strap handy before getting started with this DVD. Some of the poses use them regardless of your skill level. I didn't own either of these because I hadn't tried poses in a while where I needed them (not since beginner classes).  The music and the scenery were lovely, but here are my (relatively minor) gripes. 1. Sometimes Shiva moves too quickly and it's hard to follow her when learning the poses. Many of these poses were new to me and I was lost trying to follow the instructions. This DVD seems to assume familiarity with the poses in advance- in fact there are some it advises against doing unless you've learned them with an instructor. I admit to cheating on that front. 2. The poses are almost always called by their Sanskrit name. This is cool except for the fact that when doing a home routine it's easier to not have to look at the TV in the middle of a pose, and I am not familiar with some of the Sanskrit names for poses. I am definitely learning them, but it was really frustrating at first. 3. The poses are not organized in the booklet in the same order that they are in the matrix, so if you need to look one up it can be confusing. Also, it''d be nice when adding poses to your routine if the DVD would tell you how long each segment was instead of just the name (I set a specific amount of time aside for my yoga). 3. Sometimes the camera doesn't pan quickly enough to the part of the body you need to see to assume a pose. I think a beginner would need to be careful about what poses s/he attempted in this and would need to read the book carefully or stick to the first basic workout or the lunar flow for a while. I'd say to get the most out of this a practitioner probably would want to be intermediate - and able to keep some perspective on not being able to manage all of the intense bends Shiva does. p.s I was so glad to find that this contained different breathing exercises as well as a wonderful, calming forward bend sequence. Yay!      