 As I stood in the used book section of a local major chain book store; the $1.00 novel section beckoned to me - teasingly - as if to say, "Put your time in and who knows what treasures you may find." Plunging forward, I eyed the cracked and damaged spines of the well worn paperbacks searching for the last names of specific authors, one of which was "Koontz." I had yet to read one of Dean Koontz's novels and welcomed the possibility of finding a random title of his buried here before me.   My grubby paw reached out and eagerly yanked "The Servants Of Twilight" from the many worn titles. "I've never even heard of this one," I thought to myself, and the fact that the cover indicated that it was from a best selling author, but not that this particular title was a best seller, left a little doubt in me. I wondered if this would be worth my time. I almost put it back down.   Good thing I didn't.  Grace Spivey spoke to me from the pages, as did little Joey Scavello, who this bag lady like crazed woman stalked and attempeted to kill with the parish of blinded followers from her "Church Of Twilight." She believed the six year old son of Christine Scavello, a woman who almost became a nun, was the antichrist. Charlie, a private investigator is hired to protect the two of them and develpos a romantic relationship with the mother which makes his job much more personal.  Koontz is thorough in explaining situations throughout the story and leads the reader along, lulling him/her into the false sense that it is easy to see where the story is headed. Then it turns and spins off in a different direction. Yet never did I feel that these turns were put there just to throw me off. It appears that Koontz genuinely felt this is where the story should go.  The ending was totally unexpected, yet not in the sense of most thrillers where plots and subplots are woven together in level after level that you get a headache trying to remember clues while you attempt to figure things out. The ending here is so simple. Too simple - almost. This may sound strange, but the simpleness of the ending is exactly what makes it complex. I'll explain...  It wasn't a way out for the author, nor was it used simply as a means to throw the reader off. The ending helped me become more involved in the novel by the way it had me thinking about the story and what was in store for the characters long after I put the book down.  The Servants Of Twilight served as my introduction to a man who appears to be a very gifted storyteller.      