 To label The Velveteen Rabbit as simply a children's book would not do it much justice.  I've read this story many times over and have gotten friends and other family members to enjoy it as well.  I guess I wouldn't have related so much to this story had I not seen it unfold in front of my very eyes for the past 16 years.   Teddy, for my sister knew no better names for teddy bears at the time, is a two foot tall pink bunny rabbit my sister got when she was about seven.  At the time, Teddy was sitting on a shelf in a large department store looking out at the hustle and bustle of customers go by.  My sister must've gone by that shelf three or four times before asking a store clerk help her bring it down.  It was at that point that she decided she wasn't going to go home without it.  She clung on to Teddy's neck defensively while approaching mom as if Teddy was body armor she couldn't live without.  "But you have so many of them already!" protested my mom.  "This one is different," pouted my sister.  Teddy is cotton-stuffed rabbit, covered with short yarn hairs of dull pink.  She wore a white-turquoise sweater that covered her round bushy tail at the back.  It was my sister's velveteen rabbit.  "Ok fine," mom conceded.  From that day forward, I saw as much of Teddy as I have my sister.  They're inseparable.   As the Skin Horse in the book said "Generally, by the time you are Real, most of your hair has been loved off, and your eyes drop out and you get loose in your joints and very shabby.  But these things don't matter at all, because once you are Real you can't be ugly, except to people who don't understand."  Teddy too has grown threadbare in places and isn't as fluffy as she used to be.  Her eyes have gotten dull from rubbing and scratching.  Her neck has grown thin and fragile, but my sister loves her all the same if not even more.  To my sister, Teddy was made real a long time ago.  It's only more recently that I've come to realize that Teddy has become part of the family.  My sister was right.  Teddy is different.  Different from all the other toys we've had in the past.  Teddy is real. After reading this book, I realize that love is a journey.  Perhaps not one from make-believe to reality, but from belief to truth.  There are many ways to interpret the lessons from this book.  I have several.  And my take away has been if you truly believe in your love for someone and care about them, then in time it will become the truth that need not be spoken and will last forever.   Applied to life, if you believe so much in something that you are willing to stick it out regardless of what other people think, then it becomes the truth that most people never find in their lives.  If you have a dream, believe in it, work towards it and live it. This is a timeless must-read for any reader.     