 This film is set in Taipei, and is spoken in Mandarin.  The opening scene of this movie shows Master Chef Chu at work in his own kitchen at home in preparation for "the Sunday dinner."  (My mouth was watering after the first 5 minutes.)  It's a ritual in the Chu family for the [widowed] father to get together with his three daughters for this weekly meal no matter how tight the schedules of or how unwilling the daughters are to come.  The eldest daughter is a devout Christian and high school chemistry teacher. The second daughter is an airline executive and the youngest daughter is a fast food chain cashier. All three daughters aren't married and aren't in any serious relationships at the beginning of the story.  But as the movie progresses and each of them find love under the strangest of circumstances, each has an "announcement" to make around the dinner table come Sunday.  The audience can't help but feel bad for the father who's getting old and seems to be at odds with her daughters for every small matter. Each daughter's relationship reflects the uniqueness of individuals.   ... The important theme to this story is hinted at when the father repeats to his daughters that he has lost his taste a long time ago.  The audience later knows that he was referring more to his taste for life rather than his physical inability to distinguish flavors.  This lack of appreciation for life comes with age as well as his loneliness from accepting the inevitable -- that his daughters are going to leave him alone someday. There are so many subtleties this film is able to capture about not only the Chinese culture but living with women in general.  (I grew up in a household where I was the only male, and I know what the father must have gone through each day.)   I highly, highly recommend this film.  As an added incentive, I intentionally left out the surprise ending hinted at on the back cover, as well as other minor details.  Feast your eyes and mouth on this exquisite film!     