 I watched this video last night after hearing a lot of good things about it.  First off, I want to say I really enjoyed the film. It's about a guy named Rob (John Cussack) whose long-time relationship with Laura (Iben Hjejle) has just come to an end.  This causes Rob to reflect on why his past relationships have ended the way they did.  It also makes him realize how much he wants her back in his life.  Most of the story takes place around a record store Rob owns called Championship Vinyl (set in Chicago).  Rob has 2 employees -- Barry and Dick (who in the words of the director "Make Rob look sane").  According to Laura, Rob doesn't embrace the changes that are going on in the people around him, and that's when it hits him.  That in order to move on, he has to figure out why he wants her back. I titled this review as "A movie that exposes the immaturity of men" not because I think it's a bad thing.  In fact, quite the opposite.  I liked this movie for all its honesty and humor.  There is a scene in the later part of the movie where Rob talks to the camera (a technique employed throughout the film that shares Rob's thoughts with the audience).  In this scene he reflects on his inability to commit to Laura.  "I've always had a foot out the door.  It made sense not to commit.  Keep my options open."  He pauses and continues "That's just suicide."  Another poignant scene comes close to the ending when Rob asks Laura "Would you consider marrying me?"  He then talks about how all his infidelity was just chasing after a fantasy.  A fantasy he knows he'll never have, but doesn't necessarily want.   Perhaps I've said more than I should about this film for those among the readers that haven't watched this film.  But I believe when you get a chance to watch Rob's epiphany through the course of the film, you will further appreciate what a good film this is. It's one of those art-imitates-life stories.  I was once in a long term relationship, but I feared commitment.  I couldn't rationalize it, yet the fear was there.  And so I watch movie after movie and read book after book searching for a clear articulation of reasoning behind these fears.  This film achieves that purpose for me; as I'm sure it will achieve some purpose for other viewers. A few interesting facts about this film: * based on a British novel by the same title written by Nick Hornby * the screenplay was co-written by Cusack and 2 of his friends a year before they approached Frears for the directing role * the setting in the book was London, whereas the movie takes place in Chicago * the original theme of the book was meant to be about the British way of life (as far as relationship goes), but Cusack and his friends have proved the universality of the underlying themes of love and relationships by writing the screenplay * Jack Black was the only person the Cast considered to play the part of Barry (in the words of the director, "He's brilliant!") * the DVD has 9 deleted scenes, 5 short interviews (2 minutes each) with John Cusack, and another 5 with the director This DVD is worth owning.     