 This is the first Mars/Venus book in the author's series of books that I've read.  I have heard several good things about the original book Men are from Mars and Women are from Venus.  Naturally, curiosity got the better of me, and I purchased a copy of this book. I liked how the author was able to coherently build a framework to explain the differences between men and women.  His analogy to interplanetary species having to co-mingle here on earth struck me as original and humorous. There were, however, certain aspects of this book that are a bit disappointing to me.  Whereas I agree with most of his points, I wish the author would have included more real world examples and scenarios.  In 290 pages of text, only 3 examples were given as to how effective this framework could be.  The book's recurring theme and lesson is that men and women basically misunderstand each other because they come from different planets where customs and traditions vary. The book is full of 2-3 column charts on what men and women should or shouldn't say at certain situations.  It attempts to explain what is going on in the mind of a woman as a result of what a man does or says, and vice versa.  It also offer remedial dialogue for what to say when a "misunderstanding" is about to occur. Another point the author drills into the readers mind is: Men are quick to arrive at solutions whenever a woman approaches him with a problem, not knowing that this is her way of including him in her world and a way of leading up to her solution.  It states, half a dozen times throughout the book, that women share their emotions with men in the workplace not as a way of putting blame or soliciting advice, but rather a way to make an emotional connection.  Men, on the other hand, view this as a sign of weakness and a waste of time.  The author terms men as Mr. Fix It because men seem to always quickly offer a solution not fully hearing out what a woman has to say.  Believe it or not, that was the single most important takeaway of the whole book.  Each chapter repeats a variation of this lesson. Toward the end of the book, the author crams in a chapter about sexual harrassment.  Why it occurs (based on his framework of interplanetary misunderstanding) and what can be done to relieve or tolerate it.  I do think the topic of sexual harrassment in the workplace is relevant, but I felt it was glossed over. The second to the last chapter is devoted to essentially two checklists: 101 Ways Men can Empathize with Women and 101 Ways Women can Empathize with Men.  And there really were 101 items on each list.  This struck me as odd because it reminded me of a little book called Life's Little Instruction Book by H. Jackson Brown <ASIN: 1558534903>.  It had suggestions like compliment her hairstyle, offer to bring her a glass of water, carry around a family photo in your wallet, etc.  It just seemed really odd to me that this would be included in this book. (I'm curious as to whether this book stemmed from the author's workshop materials or the other way around.  Maybe this book is the summary of his specialized courses to institutions.)  Either way, I'm afraid I cannot recommend this book because what the author has spent almost 300 pages trying to explain, I can capture in 3 paragraphs.     