 I was watching the news right after the premiere of Stephen King's Rose Red on TV on ABC, and I did see the mansion that this book was based on.  This house in Washington is currently a Bed and Breakfast, and occupants have said on more than one occasion that they have seen apparitions in the mirror that disappear the moment they turn their backs.  That truly would be scary. I do believe the diary was very well conceived and written.  There are a couple of points that I thought made the authenticity of the diary hard to vouch for (and after reading the other reviews on this site, I have confirmed my doubts).  The first of which is the website for Beaumont University.  The keen reader would at once notice the .net IP mask of the URL address.  A real university would have a .edu ending.  The content on the website is also severely lacking in content and seem to one way or the other focus on Paranormal activities (even the Contact Us link and the courses offered).  (By the way, the missing excerpts are also hidden at the end of the Diary Excerpts section.  Go through all the missing excerpts at the end, and you'll find the "Missing Excerpts" link.  And since when have authors been demure enough to replace profanity with "(_ _ _)"?) I usually also like to comment on the language and tone of the author as they write the book.  I noticed a very consistent way each entry was written.  It was written as if to be read and it flowed smoothly (maybe too smoothly).  I've personally kept a diary a long time ago and my entries in it were somewhat erratic and non-coherent.  I never have doubts as to whether "I should entrust this knowledge on to your pages." Upon watching the mini-series on tv, and the way they  marketed and advertised the book (timing was too perfect) I knew something was fishy.  There is also no credit for  a Dr. Joyce Reardon on the show, and the way she was portrayed (if she were a real person) was not very flattering either.  (The mini-series uses the book for its background information and flashbacks.  You can read the book alone and still enjoy the story.) Nevertheless, I found this book to be quite enjoyable and would recommend it to the readers. FLAP rating: F:3.0 L:4.0 A:0.0 P:3.0 * For an explanation of what FLAP means, please visit my About You area and look for my review on The Bourne Supremacy by Robert Ludlum.     