 As promised in my review of The Bourne Identity, I reserved the higher rating of 5 for this book.  (I'm currently halfway through the third installment of the Bourne series by Robert Ludlum -- The Bourne Supremacy.)  There are several reasons why I liked this story better than the first.  The first is that it is set in places in Southeast Asia like Hong Kong, Macao and China.  Since I grew up in the Philippines and have visited these places during summer and Christmas time for roughly 18 years, it feels familiar.  This sequel recaps what happens in the first novel in a very seemless, unobtrusive manner (a good thing).  He reminds the user about why Bourne does the things he does and feels the way he feels.  There's definitely more action and ass-whuppin' in this novel.  He kills without compunction (when he has to) and his methods are, as noticed by his clone, that of a technician's.  There's less of the mental anguish he felt in the first book as an amnesiac; therefore, less random ramblings in his mind.  There are actually two stories happening in parallel.  That of Bourne trying to reach his wife, and that of his wife trying to reach her husband. The only gripe I do have about the dialogue and the asian characters in the story is their flowery use of words and seemingly religious devotion to Christianity.  I can tell you for a fact that although Christianity has its influences and followers in Asia, we do not bring in gods, spirits, and Christ into every sentence we utter.  It's a symptom of the author mistranslating common colloquial sayings or metaphors.  He also seems to think asians use "Aiyaa!" a lot.  Grandmothers or old wenches in a marketplace might use this word when spreading gossip or haggling over prices, but typically not men -- military or civilian. I'm going to try something new in my reviews.  I'm going to introduce my own criteria for ranking a book (recurring factors I seem to comment on over and over again) on a scale from 0-5, and hopefully the average will correspond to a more accurate rating for the book.  I'll call it the FLAP system: * Flagpole factor (F) - In keeping with the bromide that sex, crime and violence sells, this covers the first aspect.  Were there any erotic scenes? * Use of Language (L) - How's the dialogue?  Is it affected?  Does it reflect the vernacular of the setting?  Is it preachy? * Action (A) - How are the action scenes described?  Are they as lame as Clive Cussler's?  What are the weapons used?  How gory were the kills? * Plot (P) - How predictable is the story?  Is it a page turner? F:1 (there was a rape scene) L:4 (use of local speech) A:5 (describes tools of the trade, lots of kills) P:4.5 (keeps you guessing)     