 I've had two people recommend this film to me when I told them I enjoyed Baz Luhrman's Strictly Ballroom.  This is a Japanese film that tells the story of a businessman named Mr. Sugiyama and how he fell in love with ballroom dancing.  Mr. Sugiyama is married and has a daughter.  Everyday on his way back home from work, he admires a woman from the subway at the stop in front of the Kishikawa dance school.  One day, he gets up the nerve to drop by the school and asks about lessons.  At first, he wants to see how far he can take this crush with Mai (the woman he's been admiring), but is quickly set straight when she tells him she doesn't date students.  She also hopes that Mr. Sugiyama took up dancing because he truly wanted to dance and not as an excuse to ask her out. What I like about this film is that it doesn't take any short cuts in the story telling.  You don't see Mr. Sugiyama as a beginner in one scene and a world-class competitor the next.  You see him struggle and develop his love for dance slowly.  He really sweats it out.  (However, this virtue becomes a vice as the film sometimes seems to drag.)  There are no delusions of grandeur on Mr. Sugiyama's part.  He doesn't wish to compete in an international competition (such as the one Mai lost in some time ago).  He just loves to dance.  It is entirely believable that Mr. Sugiyama's commitment to dance rekindled the flame/love Mai had for competing.  Mai appears to be a bored snob when we first see her looking longingly out the dance studio window.  By the end though, she looks like a hopeful, first-time competitor ready to take on the world. An implicit theme throughout this whole film is the Japanese culture.  We learn that ballroom dancing is something that most people are ashamed to be associated with (as are any public displays of affection).  We learn that families are formed out of practical reasons and not out of passion or love.  (I suppose Mr. Sugiyama's character in the film embodies the typical Japanese -- polite, courteous, and, sadly, repressed.)  There are many other interesting and humorous characters in the film as well.  We have an eccentric  office worker who dons a wig and turns into Donny Burns world-champion Latin dancer at night.  A chubby middle-aged man that sweats profusely but picks up dance steps quicker than Mr. Sugiyama.  A squirrelly man that has some dance experience before but decides to help and hang out at the dance studio.  An emotional woman who holds two jobs and finds time to practice for competition.  A discerning private detective that understands Mr. Sugiyama's affair with dancing.  Mr. Sugiyama's teenage daughter that thinks her father has gone mad.  Truly colorful characters. Had I not been set up to compare this film with Strictly Ballroom, I might've enjoyed Shall We Dance more.  One note about the music in this film.  It just isn't as inspiring and as integral as it is in Strictly Ballroom.  Sure, it's ballroom dancing with classical music.  But it has no passion.  In Strictly Ballroom, when they were dancing the Paso Doble you could associate the music with the love between the dance partners.  In Shall We Dance, you almost have to ignore the music to appreciate the story. This is a very character-driven story.  Nonetheless, it's a good film for the family.  Watch it! LEAP rating (each out of 5): ============================ L (Language) - 4 (translation was good and accurate) E (Erotica) - 0 (n/a - love for dance maybe, but that doesn't count) A (Action) - 0 (n/a) P (Plot) - 4 (it attempts to take us through Mr. Sugiyama's evolving love for dancing)     