 The other reviewers on this page have done a great job of summarizing the key takeaways of this book, so I won't repeat it.  Instead, I'll focus on some random thoughts I have about this book: * Even though this book is 300+ pages long, only 217 pages of that is the actual "research paper".  The other pages at the end contain appendices on footnotes, interview notes, research methodology and a list of companies and how each fared after the 4 elimination rounds leading up to the 11 good to great companies.  It also contains an epilogue with some Q&A about the applicability and accuracy of the research results. * The framework talked about in this book is a product of close scrutiny of empirical data, i.e. all the conclusions were derived by looking at the data.  In my opinion, the conclusions derived at by this book is only as good as the researchers that made them.  A lot of the concepts in this book are the result of heated arguments and debates (down to which chapter should be included and why). * The book presents some interesting stories to stress its points, but some of them are flat out horrible analogies.  I'm impressed with Mr. Collins network of friends/acquaintances.  He tries to convince the reader that research based on companies can be applied to life in general as well.  He goes as far to provide the analogy of his wife giving up everything (work, career, time and money) to win the IronMan competition in Hawaii as an example of the Hedgehog Concept.  There's also a flimsy story of a football staff that he wants to use to show that going from good to great requires no more effort than remaining mediocre. * I feel the author was pushing it in some areas of the last chapter where he talks about how Good to Great relates to Built to Last.  He comes up with this table with all the Built to Last concepts on the left column, and for each of those concepts he writes a sentence including all the concepts from Good to Great.  It felt so artificial.  It was evidently just a bunch of words strung together to convince the reader that both books mesh perfectly with one another.  Whereas I don't deny that indeed there might be a link between the two research studies, I don't believe he was convincing in explaining it.  Don't get me wrong.  I like the idea of Good to Great as a prequel to Built to Last.     