 I promised I'd read The Bourne Identity after having seen the trailer starring Matt Damon in next year's movie by the same name.  When I realized that Robert Ludlum had written the original book in 1980, I went to the library to pick up a copy.  There's a similarity between the leading characters in Robert Ludlum's books.  They're usually male, headstrong (and ultimately always the good guy), determined and they fall for a girl that complements the guy in some way.   A couple of persnickety points I have to mention in my reviews(as always):  I found it irritating the way Marie St. Jacques (the leading lady) speaks to Jason Bourne.  She uses "Darling" a lot and her speech seems somewhat formal and affected.  The author also uses italics to indicate what's going on in a character's mind from time to time.  The recurring themes in this book are: be a sponge (because you've got amnesia), move! (because you're being hunted), don't kill if you don't have to (because deep down you're actually a good guy - a govt. guy).  But sometimes, it just feels redundant and tedious to read.  The first Ludlum book I've read is the recent bestseller The Sigma Protocol.  I rated and reviewed that book on Amazon as well.  In my review I ended by saying the author got preachy towards the end to do some last minute plot explanation before ending the book.  I see a slight hint of that in this book as well.   Some good points to consider are: It is my opinion that the author makes improvements to the style and tone of the sequel to this book called The Bourne Supremacy (which I liked better).  I found it more action packed and rythmic.  (The fact that I had spent most of my childhood summers in Hong Kong also helped.)  I also enjoy his usage of local dialect interspersed in the characters' speech to give color and that authentic feel to the characters in his books.  (Turns out he's been using this technique for the past 20+ years.  You still see it in his latest novel The Sigma Protocol.) If I had to give a more precise rating for this book, I'd rate it a 4.5.  I'm saving the higher ration of 5.0 for The Bourne Supremacy, which I'll write a review for next.  Stay tuned.     