 The main characters in this story are: Jack and Emily Tallis, parents of Leon, Cecilia and Briony Tallis; Aunt (Emily's sister) Hermionne's children Lola, and twins Jackson and Pierrot; Robbie Turner, the cleaning lady's son whose education is subsidized by Jack Tallis; Marshall, the chocolate magnate friend Leon brings home for the break.   In the summer of 1935, 13-year-old Briony Tallis witnesses and misinterprets a scene that occurs before her between Cecilia and Robbie.  From a second story window of the house, she sees Robbie standing in silence while Cecilia undresses and goes into a fountain.  Later on, she opens a letter meant for Cecilia (with vulgar language used) and witnesses Robbie forcing Cecilia into a corner of the library.  From these events, she judges Robbie to be a dangerous "maniac".  During a search party for Jackson and Pierrot one night, Briony sees the form of person running away from an assaulted Lola.  Naturally, she immediately suspects Robbie to be the culprit.  Her testimony to the police and her family grew more certain with each telling, and pretty soon it was accepted fact that Robbie had committed the crime and should go to jail.  He does.  This was also around the time WWII was beginning, and the second portion of the book walks us through a few days in the life of Robbie as he tries to return home to England after being conscribed to fight in France.  The third portion of the book takes us five years from that summer where Briony has had time to mature and realize that Robbie was, contrary to what she thought, passionately in love with Cecilia and that Lola's attacker was also someone else she knew.  She knows she has done Robbie grave injustice and seeks to make amends with him and Cecilia (who has patiently awaited his return from war).  The fourth and final part of the book occurs more than fifty years later (1999) and reveals to us the truth behind Briony's search for Atonement. One can easily anticipate the twists and turns the author has laid out in the beginning of the book (Robbie grabbing the wrong letter, what Lola's scratch marks meant, Jack Tallis' constant absence from home).  The final section of the book, however, contains a shocker in its last 2 pages.  It was not the ending I was expecting.  But it does leave the reader thinking Briony will write another even happier draft for her "atonement."  With each version of the story as part of the penance for her sin. The prose is wonderfully crafted with vivid descriptions of everything from the Tallis home to the British retreat at Dunkirk during the war.  McEwan struts his literary prowess with his metaphors such as Emily's migraine as an all-consuming beast.  Truly enjoyable. On a more personal note, I found it refreshing how McEwan was able to describe how simple love was back then.  How the foundation of an entire relationship could rest on an event as trivial as a bus stop kiss.  Yet be powerful enough to last and sustain one person through the darkest and grimmest days of war.  And how fierce loyalty to someone you love could drive dividing lines between a family.  This is the type of writing that's severely deficient in current bestsellers. Memorable lines: * "I'll wait for you.  Come back." * "My reason for life.  Not living, but life." * "They had... while others sipped their cocktails on the terrace." * "It is quite impossible these days to assume anything about people's educational level from the way they talk or dress or from their taste of music.  Safest to treat everyone you meet as a distinguished individual." LEAP rating (each out of 5): ============================ L (Language) - 4 (amazing descriptions that put you at the spot, and an ending you wouldn't expect) E (Erotica) - 3 (without being explicit, McEwan can evoke highly convincing erotica) A (Action) - 2.5 (mostly during the retreat to Dunkirk in the second part) P (Plot) - 2 (the plot of the main story is very simple, Briony misunderstands an incident in the past which keeps two lovers apart)     