 I usually don't read other people's reviews before writing my own, so that there won't be a bias (and so that I don't self-censor myself).  But I happened to scroll down a bit too far, and the first entry in the review section mentioned that the NY Times says James Patterson can't write.  I found that interesting.  This is the first James Patterson novel I've read.  I realized that this author also wrote the novels on which the movies Kiss the Girls and Along Came a Spider were based.  And I found the movies quite entertaining.  I figured "How bad can his books be?".  Anyway, enough of my ramblings and onto my impressions of the book. I found the book to be an easy read.  Several chapters are only 2-3 pages long.  It starts off with one murder, then another one.  And another.  And, oh, did i mention there was another one?  I'm actually not trying to be funny.  He writes in a lot of deaths into this book to establish the cold-bloodedness of Michael and William who are vampires who love to kill.  Yeah, you got that right... VAMPIRES.  I had to do a double take when I saw what the plot was about to lead to ("Is this an X-File?").  I almost instantly thought I had made a mistake picking up the book.  Thankfully, there's a brief introduction that vampirism itself is like an underground cult, nothing more supernatural than that.  I just turned on my suspension of disbelief for a while.  And that got me through the novel. Naturally, since this novel is meant to be the sequel to Roses Are Red the Mastermind plays a major role in this story.  He taunts and annoys Alex Cross by calling him every day on his cell phone and at the most coincidential of times (when a death has occured).  Later on in the novel, it's revealed that the Mastermind is someone Alex Cross knows (I wouldn't want to completely spoil it for you.) Throughout the novel, Alex thinks about his relationship with his past partners and his current one, Jamilla.  He obviously doesn't have time to fool around with Jamilla, although there's a lot of flirting going on.  There are times when I found myself saying "Dammit, just get it on!"  But he never got it on. As to whether the reader should buy this novel or not.  I would say you should PASS. FLAP rating: F:1.5 (He give it a try on the female victims.) L:3.5 (Simple safe dialogue that doesn't sound too fake, but doesn't emote any feelings.) A:3.0 (What can i say?  It's not meant to be an action novel.) P:2.5 (Vampires and the betrayal of your best friend?  C'mon...) * For an explanation of this rating system please visit my About You area and look for my review on The Bourne Supremacy by Robert Ludlum.     