 This is the 3rd Kevin Smith movie I've seen.  I've been watching his films in an odd order.  I started with Dogma (which was ok), then saw Jay and Silent Bob Strike back (which I didn't like).  So, not knowing Chasing Amy was a Kevin Smith movie helped.  I went in with no expectations. It's a story about a guy named Holden (Ben Affleck). He lives with his buddy, Banky (Jason Lee), and they write comic books together. Holden meets Alyssa (Joey Lauren Adams) and basically falls head over heels for her.  Soon, however, he finds out she's a lesbian. At first, he's crushed and disappointed. But she sees something in him, and convinces him that they can be friends.  Somewhere in the middle of being friends, he falls in love with her.  The rest of the story was kind of a surprise for me, so I won't go any further.  (You have to watch this.) Writer/director Kevin Smith is definitely a talented writer: his dialogue, for the most part, is very realistic and often hilarious. I think he really knows how to effectively capture this generation in words and actions. However, I felt he could've done a better job in directing. With such great actors at his disposal, most of his scenes sort of come out amateurish. Although dialogue is a big part of this film, I felt the actors could've done more to draw the attention away from the fact that some passages are long, winded and preachy.  That, I believe, is the responsibility of the director to find and fix. This is not to say the actors couldn't have done a better job. Sometimes, they're not as convincing as they can be. Affleck was decent, but he just looked to me like a guy who was acting (reading from a script). It wasn't bad, but it just didn't convince me. Adams was better, but her voice sounded strange when she was upset, and I was mostly caught up in the hoarseness of her voice instead of what she was saying. I can tell these are good actors though. They just need some more work. The film is really funny.  I find myself rewinding and viewing scenes over and over again. Then some parts get pretty serious towards the end, and then the laughs are few and far between. I was kind of disappointed with the ending though. I don't want to give it away, so I'll keep it at that. Having said all that, I'm sure the reader will find it a blast to watch this funny and poignant film.     