 I read this story in its original form as a short story.  I really liked it then.  It was different and original.  How many stories have you read where the first few chapters are grossly misspelled and carry the tone of innocent child?  Almost 10 years later, I decided to revisit this story in its lengthened book form.  I love it even more. Flowers for Algernon is a collection of progress reports, similar to diary entries, by Charlie Gordon.  Charlie [has an IQ of 60 and] works at a bakery when the story starts.  He is motivated to do what he can to learn how to read and write so that he can be smart like the people around him.  Through an evening adult learn-to-read class, Charlie is introduced by his teacher Alice Kinnian to Professor Nemur and Dr. Strauss, a psychiatrist and a neurosurgeon, respectively.  Nemur and Strauss are searching for a subject to perform an intelligence enhancing operation on, which up to that point has only been tried on a mouse named Algernon.  They pick Charlie because of his friendly nature and tenacity to learn.  The operation is a success and slowly Charlie's intelligence begins to increase.  He slowly comes to undertand the world around him.  Before when people laughed at him, he laughed with them and considered them his friends.  Now he realizes they were just making fun of him.  He's also slowly unlocking the repressed memories deep in his mind of his childhood and trying to understand them.  Why did his parents send him away when he was younger?  Why does Norma (Matt and Rose Gordon's second child of normal intelligence) hate her so much?  As Charlie's IQ increases he realizes that people around him aren't as smart as he thought they were before the operation.  Slowly he surpasses them in intellect until he begins to alienate himself from the people around him.  He is alone again.  There's so much more left to tell about this story, but I could never do it justice with this summary.  I would urge the reader to read for themselves and be moved. Ultimately Flowers for Algernon is a very sad story.  And as the subject of my review states, I was reduced to tears.  In fact, the last two pages of this book unlocked a torrent of emotions I never knew a book could.  To me, this book is singular in that sense.  I hope you enjoy it as much as I did.     