 I saw this film in two halves.  I watched part of it at a friend's place, and the other half on a flight home.  This is such a "feel good" movie.  You come out wanting to watch it all over again.  Great fun to watch. In this sequel, Woody, Buzz and the whole gang are back.  This time Andy is headed off to camp and mom decides to sell off some of the older toys.  In an attempt at a rescue, Woody gets stolen by a maniacal toy collector.  Turns out Woody belongs in a collection of three (together with Jessie the Cowgirl, and Stinky Pete the prospector).  When Woody's friend realize what has happened, they form a rescue mission of their own.  Tracking down the collector was easy because of his chicken-suit commercial promoting the toy store he works at called the Toy Barn.  The rest of the movie just has to be watched. As Doug Thomas puts in his editorial review, this story is about the "eternal debate of living a good life versus living forever."  What happens when a toy's owner grows old and slowly forgets about the toy?  The conclusion I gathered from the film is that it's more important to be loved (and have loved) than not to have been loved (and love) at all.  And when the owner goes away, the saying "Besides, that's what friends are for." just warms the heart.  When all is said and done, we see that the toys have a lot of fun on their own anyway ;). There is a more complicated theme I found in the story.  (Forgive me if the symbolism seems a bit far fetched.)  When Buzz sings "You've got a friend in me..." it forces Woody to choose between family (the collection that'll last forever in a museum, much like how family is forever) and his friends (Buzz and his rescue party).  Woody is torn between the two.  Should he go back home to his friends and owner, or should he get memorialized in a museum for the world to see.  And I think the film's resolution of this matter was well done.  Initially, the family pulls more weight (Woody chooses to stay with Jessie and Pete), but when the dust settles life just isn't complete (he changes his mind which angers Pete and gives stinky real meaning).  The best thing to do is have your cake and eat it to.  Bring family and friends together.  Let the choice be both.  Who says they can't get along?  And if they can't, well, relationships aren't set in stone.  All it takes is some common ground, something to agree on. You have got to see this film.  It will send you to the floor laughing.  As always, don't forget to stay for the ending credits where they have outtakes that'll make you laugh until it hurts.     