 I'm not a kid anymore.  I'm an adult now.  But somewhere in between childhood and adulthood a curse was cast upon me.  I stopped reading.  I used to read all sorts of books when I was young (if Nancy Drew and Hardy Boys sound familiar to you, then you'll know roughly how old I am).  I read whatever I could get a hold of and it filled me with a sense of wonder and imagination.  Reading filled voids during the lonely times, and gave me something to think about during the happy times. It's kind of ironic that a children's book should make me fall in love with reading again.  But this book did the trick.  From Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, I slowly read the next book in the series, then the next and the next.  Each book got progressively thicker, but that didn't matter.  The stories come to life with humorous characters and this world of witchcraft and wizardry.  I was beginning to imagine again! After reading the four books in the series, I said to myself "Hey, that wasn't so bad.  I wonder why I stopped reading."  From that point on, I started with The Hobbit, then The Lord of the Rings by JRR Tolkien.  Then I saw the movie trailer for The Bourne Identity which stars Matt Damon and I looked for the book it was based on.  That led me to explore the world of espionage and international conspiracies according to Robert Ludlum.  From here, I realized that I should probably balance my reading between fiction and non-fiction.  So I read Good to Great, a business book by Jim Collins (the author of Built to Last), Jack: Straight from the Gut (about Jack Welch, the former CEO of GE), Made in America (about Sam Walton...).  With a seamingly endless sea of titles to choose from and written by authors I did not know, I started one book at a time from each "famous" (atleast to the world around me) author.  I've read current books by John Grisham, Jonathan Kellerman, Sandra Brown, Carol Higgins Clark, Robin Cook, Tess Gerritsen, and many many more.  From this sampling, I've developed a sense of what I like and don't like.  I've discovered what "formulas" these authors use.  All this in a span of 5 months. I don't even realize how caught up I get when I describe to my friends the books I've read and the books I plan to read.  It's truly an indescribable feeling to once again find the passion for reading.  And it all started with this simple children's fantasy book. So would I recommend this book?  Wholeheartedly!  To kids and adults alike.     