 Though the journal-entry style of this book is refreshing when compared to other fiction books masquerading as reality, I find it hard to discern anything more than the generic ramblings of twenty-somethings in the hi-tech industry.  They talk about completely random things, such as what programs pet animals would write if they could.  Each character also voices their personal opinions on the purpose of life throughout the book.  These odd bunch of friends start their "lives" (in the real world) influenced by the Microsoft-cult-culture.  Their lives revolve around work (usually past midnight and even on weekends) and sleep (they all live in the same house close to "campus").  Naturally an event such as a close-friend's proposal to start up a new company and recruit them as "equity partners" (aka employees) throws them off balance and threatens the humdrum existence and pseudo-harmony they've come to expect as employees in Building Seven on the Microsoft campus.  That's where the adventure begins for these people.  Moving from Redmond to Silicon Valley, they set up shop in Daniel's parents' home in the Valley.  From here, the book turns into a coming out party of sorts.  Dan's dad is having a midlife crisis after having been laid off by IBM.  Bug comes out of the closet.  Dusty gets pregnant.  Michael falls in love.  All these happen while they're trying to come out with a product they can showcase in the Consumer Electronics Show in Vegas. This book is unnerving in some sense.  It is able to accurately capture what many people in the hi-tech industry are like -- their habits, propensities, worries and fears (even their "language").  But it falls short in certain aspects.  The storytelling was at times uncoherent and lacked a fluid story-telling aspect.  It got too bogged down with the philosophizing.  And at times, it felt like writing for the sake of writing.  I particularly disliked the ending however poignant.  My thoughts as I finished the final pages were "That's not fair to the reader!"  I was referring to the whammy of Dan's family tragedy.  I couldn't find any reason as to why that was added except to reinforce the randomness and cest la vie attitude of this book. This book is so random.  If you like to read what "geeks" have in their minds, then this book is for you.  If you prefer to read a story with a real plot about what the dot-com world is like, I would highly recommend Startup by Jerry Kaplan instead.     