 A friend of mine told me about this book.  And since I wasn't fully satisfied after reading Skipping Christmas (also by John Grisham) I decided to give this book a try. It's a story about the two sons of a judge in a small town of Clanton, Mississippi.  One son is the black sheep of the family (Forrest Atlee).  The other is a professor of Law in Virginia (Ray Atlee).  They get summoned one last time to Clanton presumably to discuss the will of their dying father (Rubeus Atlee).  When Ray arrives home first, he discovers their dead father and a cabinet full of money - $3 million worth.  Questions arise in his mind about where the money came from and whether he should tell anybody about it.  Forrest, no doubt, would use any money to stoke his addiction for drugs and alcohol.  So Ray decides to keep the money for the meantime.  That's where his adventure begins.  He goes around town trying to ascertain the authenticity of the money (they could be counterfeit).  He also tries to hide it from a stalker who seems to know his every move and how to scare the living daylights out of Ray (letters in the mail, break-ins into his apartment).  In the end, Ray decides he wants to have nothing to do with the money.  So what happens to the money?  You'll have to read the book (or e-mail me) to find out.  :) The editorial review mentions Harry Rex (a long time family friend to the Atlees) as being the only character that "jumps off the page".  I too felt that Harry Rex was given more life to than any other character in the story.  At the same time, he's only in the background.  He's like the voice of reason for Ray (a la Robin Quivers for Howard Stern).  He's not pretentious, righteous or cocky.  He's down-to-earth, practical and helpful.  It's unfortunate that we don't see him more involved in the plot of the story.  With more characters like Harry Rex, this book would've been much better. FLAP rating: F:0.0 (not a romance book) L:4.0 (easy to read, genuine dialogue) A:2.5 (no murders or fight scenes) P:3.2 (has a twist in the end) (* For more information about what the FLAP rating means, please visit my About You section and look for my review on The Bourne Supremacy by Robert Ludlum.)     