 A lot of people call this movie a classic and a period piece.  And it should be.  I watched this on a plane ride from Australia to Hongkong, and I enjoyed it tremendously.  Sure, the movie's a bit old, but it's not sugar-coated and unapologetic of Brooklyn in the 70s.  Even as early as back then, neighborhoods were fueled by the paradoxical dichotomy of family and gangs.   Enter 19-year-old Tony Manero, a disco-god on the dance floor on Saturday nights.  He works at a paint store, hangs out with his gang of underachievers, and still lives with his parents.  When one of his friends gets beaten up, they take revenge on a rival gang without verifying the facts.  When Tony's brother decides to quit the priesthood, and their mother blames Tony he immediately lashes out at her saying "There!  You happy?  Now you have two losers for sons."  But family is family, and he sobbingly apologizes.  There's also the requisite love triangle between Tony, Annette and Stephanie.  Annette's love for Tony is unrequited.  Tony's crush on Stephanie is frustrated by the fact Stephanie wants to move up in the world, while Tony remains an unsophisticated boy destined to remain in his social caste.  What brings them together?  Dance.  Disco-dancing to be more precise. This film is probably what created the genre of dance movies like "Strictly Ballroom" and the Japanese "Shall We Dance."  In all these films, the dance floor becomes a world of its own.  A world far away and far different from the chaos that surrounds our protagonists' daily lives.  On the dance floor, there is no social ladder to climb, no enemies to beat up, no worries to weigh them down.  Yet at the same time, it isn't the real world.  And it only exists between 5 minute intervals of song. In the real world, people look up to Tony.  But Tony is too full of himself to take an occasional glance down.  Listening to Stephanie talk about important people at work, and what she's doing with her life has made Tony want to quantum leap out of his situation.  That doesn't happen, and it takes the death of a friend to finally snap him out of his youthful pride and rage of "I'm better than all of you!"  So he slowly learns to start over and make himself better. Truly a gem of a movie.  I highly recommend this film.  If nothing else, you get to see what launched John Travolta's career.     