 The only reason why I picked up this book was the gaudy banner on the top of the cover that says "From the author of The Ellen Rimbaur Diary."  I happened to like that book (which was even the basis for a Stephen King mini-series on ABC earlier this year).  But I was pleasantly surprised. Ridley Pearson's Daphne Matthews series is reminiscent of Jonathan Kellerman's Alex Delaware novels.  They're both psychologists working with police officers (Lou Boldt in Pearson's case and Milo Simpson for Kellerman) to help solve crimes or stop them before they happen again.  In my opinion, the author dwells too much on the psychological makeup of the antagonists in the story as manifested by Daphne's profile of them.  I understand that as a psychologist, it's her job to provide a possible motive for the actions of a suspect.  However, in terms of storytelling such lengthy characterizations of a person's frame of mind seemed a bit distracting.  Moreover, since I cannot verify the medical basis of such analyses I had doubt in my mind as to its validity. In this novel, several things are going on at once for the trio of Daphne Matthews, Lou Boldt and John LaMoia.  A series of murders preceded by reports of a peeping tom, an accidental drowning in a shady part of town, and a floating corpse retrieved close to a bridge all demand the resources of the CAP (Crimes Against Persons) unit of the Seattle PD.  They are all pulled this way and that, but what happens in the end is like a rubberband snapping back to shape.  It's tense. There's also a love triangle in this story between the three protagonists.  Lou and Daphne used to be lovers, but Lou has a wife and kids.  John and Daphne develop a chemistry from working together that spills into their personal lives.  John owes Lou and Daphne his life for saving him from his drug addiction.  We clearly see how each one reacts to one another when Daphne's life falls in danger.  She's attractive and smart (and clearly steals most of the story's limelight).  There's detective Prair (a former patient) and Ferris Wheeler (the brother of the deceased floater) also vying for Daphne's attention. I found Pearson's imagination of Seattle's Underground (a name given to the city of abandoned buildings built over by the current one) to be quite intriguing with its hidden passages through church cellars, building basements, and bus tunnels.  He describes the darker side of Seattles drug-abuse shelters and the shady Chinatown district. I do agree with another reviewer that the ending felt a little bit rushed.  With only 4 pages left in the book, the author decided to split them up into 2 chapters.  Each like a footnote of what happened to each character in the end. Nonetheless, it was a very suspenseful book from the middle to the end.  I found it hard to put down once the pieces of the puzzle started to come together.  I had no idea who the killer was till the end. LEAP rating (each out of 5): ============================ L (Language) - 4 (vivid descriptions of Pearson's Underground, well thought-out dialogue) E (Erotica) - .5 (description of the victims' state Underground) A (Action) - 2 (interrogation room drama, wire surveillance, rescue at the end) P (Plot) - 4 (seamless dovetailing of sub-plots into a coherent murder-mystery)     