 The author begins this book with his reasons for writing this book.  He credits this book for the novelette version of Ender's Game, which until that point was only a short story.  He had to rewrite this story from scratch several times over because he kept getting stuck with what to do with Novinha's children.  The very first version he wrote didn't give them any character.  They were there not to advance the plot, but as stubs for a family.  He later realized though that the cornerstone of the story had to be Novinha's children.  I really thought that bestowing Miro, Ela, Quim, Olhado, Quara and Grego with personalities of their own would just confuse me.  But it didn't!  The fact that I can name them off to you without referring to the book and have some brief description of each in mind shows you how memorable the author has made them. What keeps the reader hooked on this book is the mystery of why Pipo and Libo get killed.  The author slowly trickles this information to the reader with clever document excerpts from research logs, official ansible messages, etc. on top of the daily activities of the key characters.  Ender, the original Speaker for the Dead and writer of the Hive Queen and the Hegemon, is called for by Novinha to speak Pipo's death.  However, as far as star travel goes, 22 years will have gone by before he reaches Lusitania.  In the meantime, Novinha has given birth to her 6 children and has reneged on her call for a speaker.  Right before Ender arrives, Libo is killed and Marcao (Novinha's husband) dies from a genetic defect.  Miro and Ela each call for a speaker as well to speak respectively for their deaths.  So, in effect, Ender is there to speak for 3 deaths.  How the story unfolds truly is surprising and shocking.  It kept me wondering. This is a very different book from Ender's Game.  Both of these books are enjoyable for entirely different reasons.  Ender's game was a lot more "earthly", had more action and described the world in the eyes of a child.  Speaker for the Dead starts off on another planet and leads the reader on a path of discovery through the eyes of a family.  It deals heavily with emotions, human interactions and communication.  This book has a very strong religious backdrop.  From the whole notion of Lusitania being a Catholic-licenced settlement, to the structure of their society and customs.  The three literary conflicts that can exist in a story between man vs. other men, man vs. himself and man vs. his environment are present in Speaker for the Dead.  The taboo of adultery, murder and incest are also mentioned.  On top of this, the author also manages to make this a work of fantasy.  The author describes another alien race with their own way of life.  To be able to pull all these together in a coherent and compelling story, truly is talent. I highly recommend this book if you enjoyed Ender's Game and find the concept for a Speaker of the Dead interesting.     