 I haven't had this much fun reading a Silicon Valley culture book since Jerry Kaplan's Startup.  It's very well-paced and easy to follow.  I loved it! La Honda is a research center staffed by "ironmen" (the author's term for hard-core engineers) who want to design and build the latest and greatest technology (not for the money, but for the pride and thrill to be the first).  At the time the story starts, the latest and greatest was a processor called the 686 (a spoof on the Intel Pentium's successor).  Francis Benoit is the lead designer for this chip.  Ever since the beginning, he's had a grudge against Omega Logic (a chip maker that sponsors several of La Honda's projects including the 686) for "dumbing down" his previous chip (the Falcon).  He had designed the Falcon to be exponentially faster than its predecessor and capable of doing parallel processing.  But because of business reasons, Omega only used one of the two chips being shipped with every system while charging a higher premium.  That made the world think Francis wasn't able to deliver what he promised.  He will stop at nothing to make sure this never happens to him again. Andy Caspar is the main protagonist of the story.  He's an ex-employee of Omega, and a new employee at La Honda.  All his life, he's wanted to develop software, but his first project was to do testing.  He exelled at this.  Naturally, when he had a chance to work on the 686 he quickly jumped in only to be talked down by Francis to work on another project (the sub-$300 machine) to guarantee him another year at La Honda.  Little does he know that what he thought was a hopeless project would end up forcing him (and his three other teammembers) to part ways with La Honda and try to start up their own business.  That's where this story gets interesting, and sheds light on the way Silicon Valley people work and think.   This book shows what a dog-eat-dog world really exists in the realm of entrepreneurship.  You can never trust anybody to truly mean what they say.  Some people are master-manipulators and think it's the most natural thing in the world.  Yet others, like Andy, need time to absorb all that's being done to him and fight back. The author has imbued Andy with a realism that endears.  He's sensitive, caring and smart, yet not perfect.  He's a good talker, but he's fairly gullible as well.  Each of the other characters - Darrel, Salman and Tiny - are just as human as well. If there's one negative comment I could make, it would be to say that I wish the author pursued just a tad bit more the romance between Alisa (Andy's neighbor) and Andy.  They're a cute couple. As the other reviewers have mentioned, this story pokes fun at the concept of Network Computers (sub-$300 PC) and the Java programming language (write-once-run-anywhere programs - the "Hypnotizer").  Don't let these concept overwhelm you or scare you into thinking this might be a book about technology.  It really isn't.  You don't need to know anything about computers to enjoy this book.  At the core, this book is about relationships.  The author does an outstanding job of revealing each character's vulnerabilities without diluting the plot. I highly recommend this book! LEAP rating (each out of 5): ============================ L (Language) - 4.5 (the interactions between each of the characters is what brings this book to life) E (Erotica) - 0 (a slight hint of romance between Andy and Alisa) A (Action) - 0 (n/a) P (Plot) - 4 (Francis Benoit did have a grand plan for how it was going to be played out, or does he?)     