 I have been a huge fan of the Residents for years and every release never fails to surprise me.  Their music is unlike any I have heard before.  Thier identities always masked, this strange group of musicians/graphic artists never fail to dumfound audiences worldwide through their spectacular performances.  They not only pre-date punk rock/new wave by five to seven years (depending on how you count), but also (unknown to many) envisioned the concept of music video.  They were among the first (if not THE first) musicians to fully immerse themselves in the CD-ROM medium and have now upgraded themselves for the DVD era.  In doing so, they far surpass their mainstream musical competitors in utilizing the vast potential of this burgeoning technical medium.  As noted in previous reviews, this is not a CD.  It is a DVD, and what a DVD it is!!  There are two separate audio tracks (Dolby Stereo and 5.1 Surround) which both sound great and the visuals more than live up to the high standards that DVD technology demands.  Even the older pieces - Vileness Fats, Hello Skinny, Third Reich and Roll - though grainy, have a cleaned-up feel to them without losing the gritty ambiance of the original film stock.  Audio tracks can be switched at any time during playback to reflect the viewer's tastes.  However, the thing that I love most about this DVD are the bonus features.  Instead of storing all bonus footage in a designated "bonus" section, like most DVD producers, the Residents elected to hide special "easter eggs" all throughout the disc.  These extras include: material from Pee Wee's Playhouse, a special performance with Conway Twitty (!), various concert footage including appearances with the famous Snakefinger, a French ballet company's interpretive dance to a well-known favorite Rez tune (I won't tell you which!), and a slew of more fun stuff.  You can find them everywhere in the menus of the interactive "Flix Cube" navigation system.  Here's a hint: "Keep your EYES peeled for them in the MORE INFO sections."  In addition to the "Flix Cube" navigation, the viewer can choose to watch the videos in sequence.  There are hidden treats here as well.  In between each video are randomized assortments of gleefully gross Rez shorts created just for this DVD that tickle the funny bone as much as they do the retina.  All of this (and more) on a single-layered DVD!  Truly amazing!  As far as the content is concerned, this is nothing short of an astounding compilation of legendary Residents video.  Old and new fans alike will delight in the marvellous collection of surreal black comedy contained herein.  Among my favorites are the Gingerbread Man Concentrate, Hello Skinny, One Minute Movies, Bad Day, and Constantinople.  I would recommend this DVD to 1) any fan of the Residents (casual or obsessive), 2) anyone who appreciates the surreal, horrific and ridiculous, 3) anyone who loves watching cutting edge performance art, 4) any tech-head audiophile DVD geek, 5) anyone who enjoys innovative computer animation . . . oh, hell.  I recommend it for everyone!     