 Let me begin by expressing my utter amazement at the artwork in this film.  From the beautiful sets and incredible special effects to the consummate acting, brilliant direction and wonderful storyline, I must say that movies of this caliber are very rare.  It succeeds on all levels: it is action-packed yet well-paced, dramatic and humorous; it is both a love story and an epic adventure.  Admitting that my knowledge of the Wuxia genre is somewhat limited, I would still venture to say that the fight scenes in this film are some of the best (at least that I have seen) committed to celluloid. The fight scenes come across as both poetic and energizing, like a ballet with sharp and dangerous weapons.  If you are looking for a slapstick Jackie Chan-esque martial arts fun-fest in the vein of Drunken Master, this IS NOT your movie. It does have its fun moments but the humor is much more sublime, with a dazzling wit that never seems out of context.  All this being said, I would like to focus on the DVD itself, that is its features.  The audio is superb, with both the English dub AND original Mandarin presented in a well-mixed 5.1.  The dialogue is well-integrated with the action and score, with little need to constantly adjust the volume.  The picture is pristine and quite frankly, among the cleanest I have ever seen on DVD.  There is some interesting commentary and an informative making-of featurette, but the thing that most impressed me was the English dub. I noticed one reviewer here who indicated interest in this DVD because it contained an English dub that might be funny to watch like other martial arts films.  Well, I'm sorry to say that said reviewer will be sorely disappointed if he's looking for laughs in that department.  Unlike many films of the genre the dub is almost flawless.  The fluidity of the English language allowed the producers of this DVD to manipulate sentence structure so that the English dialogue synchs perfectly with the actors' lips, yet still stays true to its content.  Of course, I would always recommend the original Mandarin with English subtitles, but for those of you who despise subtitles (shame on you!) will still be able to enjoy this movie with minimum distraction from the dubbing.  Altogether, I found the DVD release to be a wonderful complement to this beautiful film.  If you have not done so already, buy this one.  You will not regret it.     