 Anyone who knows even a little about hip-hop knows that storytelling has been central to hip hop music almost since its inception.  Hip-hop fans will also recognize that concept albums are nothing new to the world of hip-hop (Ice Cube's "Death Certificate" immediately comes to mind, though there are countless others that lay claim to the status of concept album).  It should also be noted that the use of skits on hip-hop albums is commonplace, if not ubiquitous.  This being said, Prince Paul's "A Prince Among Thieves" is not only a bonafide hip-hop album that fits neatly into the tradition, it also redefined the genre.  The thing that sets Prince Paul's masterpiece apart from the rest is its consistency in theme, tone and character.  Over the course of this album, we see the main character travel through the flipside of the American Dream - the ghetto.  As the album chronicles the main character's struggles to garner enough money to present a demo for a record deal, we see Prince Paul production technique in constant flux, embracing a different genre of hip-hop with every turn.  From hardcore gangsta posturing to laid-back player/pimp macking to old school freestyle flava, the music fits the storyline flawlessly.  The beats are fresh, the story is compelling and the rhymes are simply second to none.  With a little help from several of underground hip-hop's luminaries (both past and present) Prince Paul has produced a hip-hop masterpiece on par with the Who's "Tommy."  "Prince Among Thieves" tells the story of youth at a crossroads, of a culture on the brink, of life at its most crucial moment.  It's patchwork of genre and subject-matter flows effortlessly together into a narrative so strong that only the most detached listener will not be able to relate to the struggles of the main character.  In today's culture of shrinking attention spans, this album may be a challenge to most, but a careful listen reveals some insights that we all can learn from.  I'll tell you one thing - after listening to the final, self-titled track, I will never listen to a "Dead Homies" song the same way even again.  Never.  Buy this one.  It's a true classic.     