 I have read about half of the reviews for this movie and there seems to be an overwhelming consensus that this is the best science fiction movie ever made.  I beg to differ.  2001: A Space Odyssey, Brazil, Gattaca, and Bladerunner are better contenders for that title.  Most reviewers are quick to point out the innovative special effects and the "complicated" plot rewarded by multiple viewings.  Well, I cannot argue about the effects, that's where all three stars come from.  They are superb, if not a bit overdone.  I can't help but think that this movie is nothing but a long music video.  Maybe that's why it's such a crowd pleaser.  I found the plot a bit irritating for my tastes.  I suppose it is because I am somewhat familiar with science fiction motiffs that I cannot find this movie daringly original.  Unlike most reviewers who had to watch the movie so many times to "get it," I already had the ending pegged halfway through.  The plot is not complicated except to the lazy-minded with attention spans that approach infinitely close to zero.  The script is a pile of not-so-subtle religious allegory heaped with a bit of watered-down Baudrillard, some pseudo-Eastern philosophy, and tons of science fiction cliche.  What annoys me the most about this film (aside from the typical-love-conquers-all ending) is the way it pretends to make grandiose statements on such profound topics as the nature of reality, man vs. machine, and conformity, when all it really turns out to be is an action flick dressed up in pseudo-intellectual garb.  The "ideas" in this movie are grossly underdeveloped and though new to most, are actually centuries-old concepts and questions.  I would like to say that this movie might be an entry point into an engaging intellectual discourse, but I know that most viewers will not bother to look too far into the traces of philosophy and literature littered throughout this film.  More likely, they will just watch it again and again for its special effects and remain content with the sketchy patchwork of ideas that are simply COOL, FAR-OUT, TRIPPY, or MIND-BLOWING.  In this way, the film fails as a philosophical and/or allegorical investigation.  The effects are so "COOL" that they overshadow the limited intellectual content of the movie.  Most viewers would rather wait for that kick-a** sequel or a Matrix video game than actually pick up a book and read.  The allegory and symbolism are applied so heavy-handedly that the viewer doesn't even have to think all that hard.  All in all, we have a great action movie with some good effects, but little else to offer, especially in the thought department. ALL FORM, NO CONTENT.     