 Fukuyama's persistence that history has come to an end reflects all that is wrong with our current socio-economic system.  I would contend that it is the tension between democratic principles (by the people, for the people) and capitalist ideology (by the corporate, for the corporate) that is a defining feature of our times.  How can one man proclaim the end of history?  Furthermore, how can a mass of people shrug their shoulders and say, "Huh?  O.K."  From the corporate domination of information via ownership of the media and the hoodwinks of soft money campaign contributions by corporate sponsors on the government level, to the insatiable appetites of consumers, the proliferation of television survival shows and the marketing of well-tanned teens as pop star commodities on the consumer level, we can easily see a society of unfulfilled expectations, watered-down spectator culture, deferred gratifications, and strictly defined "alternatives."  Is this what mankind has strived for through years of strife, death, and struggle?  If history does indeed have a teleology, surely its consummation is more than this.  What exists at the moment is not a perfectly realized ideal born of any "democratic" dialectic of history.  It is rather, a deeply-flawed system balanced in favor of the elite.  To counter the revolutionary texts of Marx and Engels, capitalism created for itself a new agenda - consumerism.  In the words of a famous guy: "We have everything that we want and nothing that we need."  Fukuyama's book is the worst type of post-modern garbage.  It is that type which asks us to revel in our trash culture, to breathe in the dizzying fumes of its bloated corpse because hey, it smells so good!  If we as a culture and a people allow ideological garbage derivative of Fukuyama's "End of History and the Last Man" to penetrate our Americentric minds any further we will be in serious trouble of becoming the world's largest self-fulfilling prophecy.  In Nietzsche's "Also sprach Zarathustra," he describes the last man: "He blinks."  Don't be just another blinking TV eye, people.  Participate, learn, think critically.  History is only over if WE say it is.     