 I have just finished reading Ms. Dennie's book "Moon Goddess; the Queen of Sheba" and feel compelled to recommend it to anyone who enjoys historical romances. It is, I must emphasize, a ROMANCE, telling a  tale of the legendary relationship between King Solomon of Israel and Queen  Makeda of 'the South'/Sheba/Ethiopia/Yemen. What little we know of this  famed relationship comes from readings of 1st Kings and 2nd Chronicles, the  Noble Qu'ran, and the Ethiopic 'Glory of Kings'-the "Kebra  Nagast". Ms Dennie has woven the story from an unusual starting point:  that of Solomon being still a <relatively> young man, and Makeda  being not yet twenty summers old, and only gradually maturing into her  throne (as Solomon does also during the course of the novel, althought  seeming to have a headstart at the beginning). Ms. Dennie draws freely on  Ethiopian history and legends with roles taken by the Zagwe people who  figure in history during Medieval times, and the ususal exageration of  traits provided by Scripture, the term 'Biblical proportions' being  especially demonstrated here. It was very enjoyable to imagine Queen Makeda  as a seventeen-year-old thrust suddenly into the role of monarch of a  sophisticated trading people hearing of the wisdom and skill of a monarch  to the North. One could easily envision not only the opulence of King  Solomon's domiciles and cities, but also the exotically different -yet no  less fanciful- gold and brocade of the Sheban Court. The Queen portrayed  herein is not the mature, sober, attractive and self-aware lady, but rather  a somewhat abashed teenager only learning the crafts of State. The book is  after all a romance, and we have legend and Midrash concerning the  celebrated romance between the Israelitish king and the dark 'Queen of the  South' which has generated that most celebrated piece of love poetry: the  luxuriant 'Song of Songs' -which although authorship has been doubted as  Solomon's, is intuitively known to refer to the, uh, 'visit' of the most  exotic and beautiful lady that Solomon had ever encountered. I recommend it  most highly to anyone looking for a good historical fiction under a blazing  equatorial -or seashore- sun. Readers interested further may find either  the translation of the Kebra Nagast by Miguel Brooks or Sir E.A. Wallis  Budge, to tell a more conventional, male dominated, but still generally  unknown side of the tale all too briefly hinted at in the brief passages in  Hebrew Scripture. The next installment, being a sequel as well as a  stand-alone, will detail the founding of the 'Solomonic' line of kings of  Ethiopia with the birth of David II, ibn al Malik, and the covert removal  of the Ark of the Convenant from the Temple in Jerusalem. I think Ms Dennie  will have my interest for some time....     