 First, this is an excellent TV in terms of what matters to most folks: the picture. I'd definitely give it 4.5 stars if there was that option. So don't let this four star review scare you off.  I'm knocking this TV down simply because there is only one S-Video input and one component video input. Even that would be fine except that these inputs are also the two RCA inputs. So, reading the product information, you think (well, I thought, anyway) there there were five separate inputs, where in reality there are only three (plus the one on the front; this one is RCA, btw, so that's also not so good for MiniDV home video which is better viewed via S-Video input). Again, this is not a big deal unless you've got, say, two DVD players, or one DVD plus a Laser player, or two quality satellite inputs, or frequently watch MiniDV and also use the S-Video for TV, etc. Maybe not a factor for most people, but if it *is* a factor for you, look elsewhere for a TV. (Of course most folks with all that stuff will be buying HDTVs, anyway.)  That critique made, I'll quickly add that I think the picture is great. I'm no expert, but it ranks with the best standard CRTs I viewed at Best Buys. The styling is sleek, as well. Sound is very good and plenty loud for my general viewing purposes (when watching satellite movies or DVDs we play through the home theater set-up). Finally, I called Toshiba regarding the 27AF45 vs the 27af44 (the 44 stands for 2004, the 45 for 2005). I was told the only differences are cosmetic. If that's so, then there were essentially no changes, since the two TVs look so similar. I'd say buy whichever is cheapest.  One more thing: I bought this TV about a month ago, when Amazon very briefly was offering it with Super Saver free shipping. Doesn't seem they're offering it at all now, but for those debating delivery via Eagle Freight (Amazon's shipper), I had no problems at all. They were very pleasant on the phone when I called to find out the delivery date. They came that day, and they brought the TV right into my living room. The delivery guy also waited for a couple minutes while I hooked it up and checked out the picture and sound to make sure the unit was working properly. And this was all free. My experience is of course only with this TV, but Eagle delivers all Amazon's larger TVs, so if you're thinking about that option, you might want to factor this experience in.     