 In response to the negative reviews I've read under various Pimsleur language courses, I wanted to clarify an important point for the prospective buyer.  First, it is true that you will acquire a very limited vocabulary even after completing Level III of any Pimsleur  language course.  The important thing to keep in mind is that you are learning the core vocabulary of the language-the most commonly used words.  But vocabulary is not the most important part of acquiring fluency in a new language.  The most important part is gaining an innate sense of grammar and syntax.  In other words, you must be able to string the vocabulary words together into meaningful phrases.  You must be able to think in your new language.  That ability is what Pimsleur will give you. Talk to any student who has completed two college semesters of a foreign language, and he or she can spew off lists and lists of vocabulary.  But the student does not have the ability to carry on even a simple conversation.  Why not?  Well, all of that vocabulary is meaningless without the innate sense of structure that Pimsleur provides. My own experience:  I completed Pimsleur Egyptian Arabic I  back in early June of this year.  After completing the course, I could recite a few useful phrases, but I felt that I lacked any real grasp of the language.  Therefore, in late June of this year, I signed up for an Adult Education course in Conversational Egyptian Arabic at the local University.  My teacher was soon amazed by my progress.  By the end of that 6 week course, I was carrying on real conversations with the instructor while the rest of the class gaped in envy and frustration.  Pimsleur had taught me how the language works, and armed with a few new vocabulary words, I was able to assimilate the new information into my innate sense of the syntax and structure of the language.  In other words, Pimleur had taught me how to think in Arabic.  Therefore, I was immediately able to use the new words with comfort and ease. Yes, Pimsleur is expensive.  But if you want to truly learn to think in your new language, it's the only way to go.  The only better way to learn Egyptian Arabic would be to spend several months in Egypt.  The cost of that makes the Pimsleur courses seem much more reasonable by comparison.  I've just started Pimsleur Japanese I, and plan to complete the full 90 lesson comprehensive program.  I know it will be worth every penny!     