 Well, it came down to this and the Logitech LX700 wireless set.  Something about the slick packaging of this set made me grab it despite being a couple of dollars more expensive, and I'm extremely happy I did.  I was initially terrified at the prospect of going wireless because, as a heavy PC gamer, performance comes first (and definitely before looks).  However, I needed to replace my worn out mouse anyway, so I said what the hell and went cordless.  Am I happy?  In a word, yes.  Here are some game by game results:  Half-Life 2: Tried out this set on Highway 17 to get a good mix of platforming (the bridge), driving, and shooting.  You'll be happy to know I did not experience a SINGLE problem with holding down the walk key or crazy mouse behavior.  Keys were easy to find.  Mouse wheel is CRAZY sensitive, so it makes weapons switching in the heat of the moment a little tough, but otherwise solid.  ****1/2  Rise of Nations: A good mouse is a RTS must, and this one performed admirably.... EXCEPT when I first booted up the game.  The cursor disappeared at the menu screen, requiring a reboot.  However, after loading it up again, it worked fine, so... ***  UT2004:  I wanted to try it out with a game chugging at 200+ FPS to see what kind of performance I could expect, and I was impressed.  I noticed no difference from my Logitech MX510, which is all I could have asked for.  Additionally, it feels like Microsoft took a mold of my hand in my sleep, because this thing is PERFECT.  Overall, ****.  The keyboard is great, but the F-Lock is of questionable use, esp. in fast-paced FPS games.  Also, the non-traditional layout of the home key array is a bit confusing at first, though the massive delete key IS a good idea and I think M$ had a good idea with that one.   My reception has been solid, though I sit at my desk to use the computer, so I haven't tried it from around the room.  I'm very happy with this purchase, and with Amazon selling it for 25% less than I paid this is a safe bet for the gamers in the house holding off on wireless technology until they knew it was safe to switch.     