 So I bought a PS2 the winter of 2001-2002 when GTAIII, FFX, MGS2, and all the other high-profile titles were coming out.  (As a side-note, my PS2 recently stopped working completely, and the local Sony rep told me to be thankful I'd had such a long run with it.  For $299 I expect more than 3 years of use, I'm sorry.  My NES is still going strong, why should I expect anything less with nearly 20 years of technology advancement?)  The next year, I purchased a Gamecube on the strength of Mario Sunshine, Metroid Prime, Animal Crossing, the pending Zelda: WW and all the other great exclusive titles Nintendo always gives us.  (Still works and I still love it)  So here we are in the 11th hour of 2004 (not to mention the current console cycle) and I buy a frickin XBox.  Why would I after holding out for so long?  Well, I've always enjoyed Halo and been intrigued by some of the recent releases (Fable in particular) and overall content available for the system, as well as the outstanding online gaming community I've heard so much about.  So I took the plunge.  The bundle didn't intrigue me as much as the price tag.  I have little interest in college football and NO interest in an involved simulation therein.  Furthermore, I wasn't raised in the Hamptons and therefore could care less about a tennis game.  My only complaint with this whole slick package is the included content which appeals to a very narrow margin of the gaming public.  Why not throw in some Platinum Hits titles and appeal to a wider audience.  But I digress.  So, for $249 I received my XBox Holiday Bundle, Fable, Morrowind GOTY Edition and Halo 2.  After playing these games for a very entertaining week, I have to say I am very pleased with my purchase.  The S controller feels much nicer in my hands than I remebered the first time a squad of Halo geeks ganged up on me.  The box itself feels much larger and more substantial than the rest of this console generation.  I'm very impressed with the fit and finish all around.  And think: all those great games your friends paid $50 for a year ago are now in the bargain bin and new to you!  This is great.  I don't think I'll ever spring for a bleeding-edge console again.  So, if you haven't bought an XBox yet, this is the time.  I love mine and have played it for hours a day since its purchase.  I have not yet personally tried out Xbox live, but am very excited to do so.  Dive in headfirst, this is the clear winner of the console wars in my mind!      