  "How happy is the blameless Vestal's lot! The world forgetting, by the world forgot Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind! Each pray'r accepted, and each wish resign'd."  --"Eloisa to Abelard" by Alexander Pope, a quotation read by Mary to Dr. Mierzwiak during the film   "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" is one of the most intensely beautiful and heartbreakingly honest films that I have ever seen.  I am truly at a lost for words; I am awed by the utter brilliance of screenwriter Charlie Kauffman.  This man is a genius.  He understands love and expresses it in such a stunning and truthful way that I never thought possible onscreen.  Never before have I seen such an innovative, quirky, and truly touching film.  Not the kind of touching that leaves you bawling for hours afterwards in the "Titanic" tradition, but the kind that really sticks with you; the kind that hits a nerve and will have you thinking about it for months afterwards.  With "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind", both Jim Carrey and Charlie Kauffman prove something to us.  Carrey establishes himself without a doubt as a talented, versatile actor.  For awhile, I never though he'd move beyond slapstick comedies (think "Ace Ventura), which he's good at, don't get me wrong, but this man has such an interesting soul and such profound emotional depth that never really had a chance to shine through until now (we caught a glimpse of it in the enjoyable "The Majestic").  I hope that now that Carrey has proved himself more dramatic roles will be offered to him.  He is capable of much more than we originally believed!   Two of my favorite quotations (my favorite is above).  Simple and beautiful, especially if you've seen the film and can put them in context.  Clementine: This is it, Joel. It's going to be gone soon.  Joel: I know.  Clementine: What do we do?  Joel: Enjoy it.  Joel: I don't see anything I don't like about you.  Clementine: But you will! But you will, and I'll get bored with you and feel trapped, because that's what happens with me.  Joel: Okay.  [last lines]  Clementine: Okay.  Joel: Okay.     