 Meet Ana (America Ferrera), a Mexican-American teenager on the threshold of becoming a "real woman". She lives in the heavily Latino community of East Los Angeles. She has just graduated from a prestigious Beverley Hills high school and wishes to attend college.  She is a very smart woman, but her family; still clinging to old traditions, want Ana to stay home and provide for the family by working in her older sister's struggling sewing factory (which in actuality is more of a sweatshop, as Ana kindly points out).  Though Ana's teacher (George Lopez) tries to convince her parents to let Ana go, they say that they are a family and will not be separated. "Real Women Have Curves" is a funny and refreshing film.  It has several storylines that work together to convey the film's core message, accept yourself for who you are and to follow your dreams!  The film's main focus is, well, I can't really say.  Let's just say it is evenly split between Ana's conflict with her mother, Carmen (Lupe Ontiveros), who expects her daughter to marry and have children, education means nothing to her.  She also hates the fact that her daughter is overweight and is constantly calling her "fatty" and demeaning Ana in other harsh ways.  The film also focuses on Ana's struggle to choose between college or family, the nervous excitement she feels from her first boyfriend, the admiration she soon finds herself feeling towards the women who work so dedicatedly at the sewing shop, and, of course, her struggle to accept herself, curves and all. "Real Women Have Curves" is a funny, refreshing, and meaningful film.  It boasts a witty script filled with delightfully funny and diverse characters that bring the story to life.  I admire how the film reinforces the belief that you don't have to be skinny to be happy or successful.  The reoccurring theme, to accept your body, is one not often seen in Hollywood films nowadays.  It was great to finally see it done.  Overall, "Real Women Have Curves" is a highly enjoyable little movie.     