 Robert Benton's "The Human Stain" is a well-intentioned, ambitious but ultimately deeply flawed film.  It does a masterful job of passing for a profound, Oscar-caliber film.  So masterful, in fact, that for long stretches of time you don't notice that it's simply not working.  It boasts an incredible A-list cast including Anthony Hopkins, Nicole Kidman, Gary Sinise and Ed Harris, it does indeed boast some Oscar-worthy performances.  I was especially impressed by Kidman's complete transformation into a somewhat-less-than-classy janitor.  In addition to the tour-de-force cast, there's Benton's artsy direction style and the even-artsier cinematographer Jean-Yves Escoffier's beautiful work.  Escoffier died shortly after filming wrapped and the film is dedicated in his memory.  And thene there's the esteemed Rachel Portman's beautifully composed score.  And then there's the source material which was adapted from the brilliantly complex novel by Philip Roth.  However, these glittering pieces never fit together into a movie that's worthy of its prestigious pedigree.  It seems unfair, then, that all of that talent and expertise has resulted in a film that, while beautifully crafted, is so emotionally detached, remote, and confused by itself.  I haven't read Roth's novel, but I suspect that screenwriter Nicholas Meyer, in his attempt to get all the main characters and events from the book onto the screen, had to leave a lot of connective material behind. That material, whatever it may be, may have seemed less important to Meyer, but without it the parts of Roth's story just drift, disconnected, in their own peculiar orbits.  Hopkins plays Coleman Silk, a college professor who loses his job over a supposedly racist remark.  The irony of this charge forms the base theme for the story. Silk's comment is innocent because of "the big secret" he has hidden for many years.  After resigning from the college where he had worked for years, he begins an affair with Faunia Farley, played by Kidman.  She has her own emotional baggage and is unable to commit to the relationship with Coleman.  The affair, however, revitalizes Silk and he is finally able to confront some of his past demons.  Just about the time all these conflicts are coming to a head, the whole story comes to a crashing halt. There is an extended epilogue. The movie staggers on for about 20 more minutes, but the story has been decapitated, and has nowhere to go. The ending is anti-climactic in the most extreme sense of the word.   The storyline is periodically (and annoyingly) interrupted by extended flashbacks of Coleman as a young man in 1944 New York.  It's in these scenes that we learn "the big secret" that Coleman has spent his life concealing.  This is the hidden core of the film.  And it ends up being the ultimate failing of the film. The flashbacks work fine on their own merits, but they don't feel connected at all to the rest of the film. The flashback scenes, and the secret they contain, seem to have no impact on the later scenes. If somebody told me that Hopkins was never even told by Benton what went on in the flashblacks, I wouldn't be a bit surprised.  Kidman, meanwhile, takes a good many risks, playing not just seductive but lowbrow to considerable effect; her character, however, is never fully explored, and a few of her scenes are bizarrely unexplained (especially one in which she talks to a caged crow in a campus classroom, which comes out of nowhere and makes very little sense).     