 I'm obsessed with Gladiator, it's a well known fact!  I've seen the movie 16.5 times (I first saw it May 2001).  I have both soundtracks, the DVD, tons of posters, a Gladiator desktop and screensaver, books, etc.  My friends went so far as to throw me a 'Gladiator' party since I'm moving.  We all dressed up in togas, watched Gladiator, talked about how hot Maximus is, and listened to 'Gladiator' music.  The cake even had a scanned in wax picture of Maximus on it!  Oh yeah, we also have an entire notebook about 'Gladiator' that we call the 'Maximus Notebook' that contains quotes, articles, pictures, and entries.  Yeah, I guess you could say we're obsessed.   The reason I mentioned all this is because I got this second Gladiator soundtrack from them at the party.  It's *excellent*!  Hans Zimmer and Lisa Gerrrd did some great work on this soundtrack, I'm very impressed!  I really didn't expect the second soundtrack to be as perfect as the first, but it was!  This music is all emotional and moving and has great beats and a great variety!  I LOVE how they added dialogue from the movie, now I can listen to Maximus, Lucilla, Proximo, Juba, and Commodus talk while a fall asleep, ahh! lol Hans and Lisa did two great remixes of 'Now We Are Free'.  one is Juba's Mix and one is Maximus Mix.  I think the Maximus one is better, but Juba's Mix is excellent too.  The dialogue on this soundtrack is interesting because they use different music while they're talking instead of the same music they used in the movie, so that keeps this soundtrack, fresh, new, and interesting! Duduk of the North is great!  It's really beautiful and goes quite well with the whole theme.  'The Protector of Rome' and 'The Slave Who Became a Gladiator' are probably my favorites because the dialogue is from especially emotionally moving parts or very important parts in the movie.  I forgot to mention the screensaver that comes with this!  It's great!  The images are all collaged and keep moving along with the words 'Gladiator', it's really neat!  I've gotton loads of compliments alrady!  This is a wonderful soundtrack, you won't be wasting your time or your money if you buy this!     