 Yes, "I Know What You Did Last Summer" does seem like some corny teenybopper popcorn flick; but it's not.  Believe me, I went into this film with pretty low expectations, but was pleasantly surprised with the level of terror provided!  And it's not cheap terror, it's genuine because of the suspense director Jim Gillespie consistently builds. It's the fourth of July and four friends Julie James (Jennifer Love Hewitt), Ray Bronson (Freddie Prinze Junior), Helen Shivers (Sarah Michelle Gellar), and Barry William Cox (Ryan Phillippe) are celebrating their high school graduation and Helen's beauty pageant win. On their way home they hit a man walking down a curved corner in the road. They panic when they learn he's dead and in hopes of saving their futures, decide to dump the body into the ocean.  The four friends make a pact to keep it a secret.  It was an accident, but it was one they cannot forget. Their friendships are ruined and they all leave for college and don't talk to each other; they are all depressed and upset.  When Julie returns home for summer vacation there is a letter waiting for her.  It reads, "I Know What You Did Last Summer".  Frightend, Julie goes to find her old friends for help.  Was someone else there that night?  They think it's only a prank until a man in a slicker with a hook begins to stalk the four friends and torment them in the most vile and disgusting ways imaginable (dead bodies in their trunks, cutting off their hair in sleep, trying to run them over, etc.   Realizing that if they don't find out who's doing this and get rid of him fast, they'll be dead, they search for answers, all the while receiving even more terrifying threats.  It sure is a thrilling ride and there are a remarkable number of points in this movie when you jump in fright and scream!  One reason this movie is terrifying is because the situation the characters are in could happen to anybody.  Hitting someone with a car could happen to anybody, and what happens after the crash is also believable.  The acting by Jennifer Love Hewitt and Ryan Phillippe are phenomenal coming from such young actors.  These two are now big stars, but they weren't when they did "I Know What You Did Last Summer" so it's interesting to see how they were before they were famous.  Sarah Michelle Gellar and Freddie Prinze Junior aren't quite as convincing as Hewitt and Phillippe, but they are still enjoyable. The script for "I Know What You Did Last Summer" was adapted from Lois Duncan's best-selling novel by Kevin Williamson, the writer of "Scream".  Yes, the script is in good hands!  Williamson's script is a very visual one filled with twists, witty dialogue, and plenty of scares. The DVD for "I Know What You Did" last summer values quality over quantity and provides only a theatrical trailer and commentary.  The trailer is terrifying, very enticing and fun to watch.  The commentary by director Jim Gillespie is very informative and insightful for fans of the film.  It focuses mainly of production design, but has some interesting blurbs about music, casting, and script changes.  Gillespie has a wonderful Scottish accent, which makes the commentary even more delightful to listen to.     