 I was blown away by Alex Garland's debut novel, "The Beach". So blown away, that it's now my favorite novel!  "The Beach" is just such an amazing novel.  On the outside, "The Beach" appears to be an action adventure kind of book, but really it's much more when you take a closer look.  There's so much symbolism, hidden meanings, and interesting moral questions embedded into the novel, it leaves you breathless. Some people have missed the point of "The Beach".  Instead of trying to convey the realism of a backpacker, Garland is showing us how ironic the situation is.  For example, the beachers, while on an island paradise, find themselves most concerned over whether they have enough batteries for their Nintendos.  Another complaint that I often hear about "The Beach" is the lack of character depth.  I believe that Garland didn't give his characters more depth because he wanted to show how depthless and superficial; these people really are.  This was a very effective technique for Garland to use. The main character, Richard, is also quite interesting.  Richard sees himself as if he is in a video game.  Life is a video game to him, therefore he cannot relate to reality or the consequences of his actions.  I've heard many people say that "The Beach" is a post-modern type of book.  They're right.  Much of this novel is showing, well, how messed up many of us from the "new generation" are turning out in this "drug crazy and pop cultured world" as one reviewer put it. "The Beach" is very similar to the film "Apocalypse Now" and the book that the film was based on, Joseph Conrad's "Heart of Darkness".  Both show the loss of morality when people are separated from society long enough.  It was really fascinating to see a rather moral man like Richard slowly deteriorate on the island. What really impressed me about "The Beach" is the moral issues that are presented in it.  "Just how far would you go to keep a secret?  Can people lose all morality if isolated from society for an extended period of time?  Would you sacrifice your own self worth and morality to save the perfect paradise?  What happens when that paradise becomes not so perfect?  "The Beach" is also about mind games; the games we play with ourselves, the games we play with those around us, and the games we play with fate."     