 Composer Angelo Badalamenti comes out of nowhere to produce one of the most stunning and original scores of the year!  Badalamenti's previous works include almost nonexistent scores such as "Comfort of Strangers", "Twin Peaks", and "Blue Velvet".  I was very impressed with him after listening to this stunningly mystical and magical score.  Angelo Badalamenti brings his listeners on a voyage to "the beach" and back.  Many of these pieces are so stunningly exotic, how could you not feel as if you were traveling to some remote island paradise?  I really enjoyed how Badalamenti reused number two, "The Beach Theme" over and over again.  The neat thing was that each time he used the theme it was done in a new and inventive way.  I admire Badalamenti for his bold use of instrumentation in this score, the likes of which I've never heard before!  Another point about this score; Badalamenti often uses very modern sounding instruments (not sure what they are) to convey a mechanical feeling (if you've seen the film or read the book you'll know what I mean). Some musical highlights: *1.) Bizarre City- Techno!  Really fun piece, all sorts of things are going on! *2.) The Beach Theme (Swim to Island)- Sweeping, dreamy, and beautiful.  Makes you feel as though you are really on the beach.  There are some lovely vocals here.  Often reused in the pieces ahead. 3.) Vision of Fantasy- Great beat; intense! 4.) Mournful Myth- Rather depressing piece.   Reuses "The Beach" theme a bit.  *5.) Starnight- Enchanting!  Makes you feel like you're looking up into the stars.  The original "The Beach Theme" is incorporated into this one. *6.) Killing Fields- You can almost visualize people running frantically in this one!  Very cool.  Takes a bit of "The Beach" theme.  Gradually builds to an impressive finale. 7.) Blue Sex- Very dark and mysterious yet, its sometimes has an airy feel to it. *8.) The Beach Theme (Mythical Waters)- Just as lovely as the original theme (this one is a remix)!  I love the gentle and carefree feeling of this piece. 9.) Grassmark- Neat instruments used here!  Very foreboding. 10.) Daffy's Done- Very futuristic sounding, "Beach" them is used a little.  Reminds me of wind blowing. 11.) Mystery of Christo- "Beach" them reused here again in an interesting way.  Very laid back and easy going; can really set the dark mood in the film! 12.) Pure Victims- Interesting instrumentation here.  Foreboding. 13.) Pursuit of a Shark- Pounding and rhythmic piece; very intense. 14.) Waterfall Cascade- Lovely use of wind chimes here.  Incorporates "The Beach Theme" into the piece yet again. 15.) Dreamburst- Dark, brooding, and dramatic piece. * = favorite     