 "Pleasantville" is by far one of the most inventive, original, funny, and thought-provoking films to come along in the past decade.  Written and directed by Gary Ross (Seabiscuit, Big) and boasting an all-star cast including Tobey Maguire, Reese Witherspoon, William H. Macy, Joan Allen, Jeff Daniels, Paul Walker, and Jane Kaczmarek "Pleasantville" hits all the right notes.  Never too preachy, but effectively conveying its timeless message of acceptance and the importance of those who refuse to conform to the society norm. David (Maguire) a dorky, lonely teenager finds safe haven in watching "Pleasantville", a 1950's black and white soap opera, "where everything is just...pleasant". His sister Jennifer (Witherspoon) is far more social, and, err, promiscuous than her brother. One night, the two get into a fight over the remote and end up breaking it (David wants to watch the "Pleasantville" marathon and Jennifer has a hot date).   Just seconds later, a very odd looking repairman shows up and replaces their remote with a very odd-looking one. The two resume their fighting over the new remote and soon find themselves in Pleasantville, as the teenage stars of the show, Bud and Mary-Sue Parker.  They're black and white, living with the show's parents, and are decked out in the traditional 50's garb.  They have actually become characters Pleasantville! David wants to get out of the situation as well as his sister, but whereas he tries to blend in (effortlessly, with his knowledge), she does what she likes (which involves some unspeakable acts at Lover's Lane. One event leads to the other, and suddenly there is a red rose growing in Pleasantville. The more the rules are "broken" and the more the realization of an outside world grows, the more color begins to seep into Pleasantville.  Books, music, freedom, love, rain... all of these are soon being experienced by the reluctant citizens.  Soon, even people are changing colors! At first, it is all quite comical when you see how Bud and Mary Sue interact with (and disrupt) the people of Pleasantville.  Soon, the close-minded citizens of Pleasantville become uncomfortable with the spreading colors and begin to fear and ostracize those who are in color (a restaurant sign reads "No Coloreds").  This is where "Pleasantville" succeeds.  Scenes reminiscent of "Fahrenheit 451", "To Kill a Mockingbird", and maybe even "The Pianist" soon follow.  I do not want to reveal any more than I already have in this review, but let me just say that this is a fascinating and meaningful film not to be missed!     