 "Shattered Glass" is the unbelievable true story of Stephen Glass; a rising young star at "The New Republic" magazine in the late 1990's who's abrupt downfall is almost identical to that of Jayson Blair.  Consider the similarities between the two men's stories, both were successful young journalists at famous news publications (Blair, incase you didn't already know, worked at the Old Gray Lady, "The New York Times") until it was found that they both had concocted most of their most popular news stories.  In light of the Blair scandal, "Shattered Glass" is even more fascinating for audiences to watch.   Aside from its subject matter, "Shattered Glass" is a wonderful film in its own right.  The script is quick and snappy, the acting stellar, and the film itself is remarkably suspenseful considering we already know how it's going to end before even setting foot in the theater.  I was surprised to find myself so deeply involved in this film and so concerned for Stephen Glass.  Audiences will either sympathize with Glass, as I did, and understand that it was the pressures of journalism that drove him to lie or they will find him to be repulsive liar.  I find it interesting that the filmmakers seem undecided on whether or not they have sympathy for Glass and thus leave Glass's morality for us to judge.  While I sympathized with Glass, my father took an entirely opposite stance.  I love it when a film strikes up a bit of debate! Hayden Christensen nailed this role.  For those of you out there left with a bad impression of Christensen after the "Star Wars" debacle, fear not, he more than proves himself in this film.  One might think his portrayal of Glass is overdone; the puppy dog earnestness, the nauseating sweetness, the impeccable manners; it all seems a bit much.  However, that is what Glass was/is really like.  Interviews upon interviews with Glass's coworkers and the man himself show this.  I admire Christensen for his ability to portray such an "over-the-top" character.     