 As a thriller, the 1944 "Gaslight" remakes works significantly less well in the 21st century than it did when it was released.  Though it was most certainly the crme de la crme of big-screen chills and in its day, nowadays "Gaslight" is just another old-fashioned thriller full of melodrama, shrieking damsels in distress, and somewhat-less-than-surprising plot twists.  Far more thrilling films can easily be found in practically all of Hitchcock's films or even more modern films such as "The Sixth Sense" (now who saw that ending coming?)  Bergman portrays a fragile young woman, Paula Alquist, whom, after her aunt is murdered in their London apartment, falls for a piano player, Gregory Anton (Charles Boyer) while escaping her grief in Italy.  It soon becomes painfully obvious to anyone with half a brain that Gregory is up to no good.  And his creepily intense interest in the Crown Jewels during a rare visit outside of the house to the Tower of London makes the whole "mystery" even more obvious.  We know what kind of man he is, who he is, what he is after, and where the film is going; all within the first thirty minutes.  As Paula slowly succumbs to the cruelty and isolation inflicted upon her by Gregory, it gives Bergman the chance to suffer magnificently.  Whether cowering against the walls, writhing about in agony as Gregory brainwashes her into believing that she is going crazy, starring wild-eyed at the flickering gaslights, trembling with fear at the sight of the housemaids (including a youthful Angela Lansbury), or crying out in anguish at a piano concert, Bergman is so convincingly tortured and unstable that it earned her her first Best Actress Oscar in 1944.  Another part of the problem is that director George Cukor seems content to let Boyer portray Gregory as a one-dimensional, mercilessly cruel man.  This leaves the audience with little to do but watch Paula slowly deteriorate into a shadow of her former self; a jumpy, frightened, emotional mess. There is no subtlety here, and it's rather like watching a bodybuilder kick a puppy for an hour and a half, making "Gaslight" an ephemeral and forgettable film.     