 "The Wedding Planner" is the must see date movie of the year.  It's cute, funny, touching, and interesting.  Yes, it does seem like another silly chick-flick with one-dimensional characters, but it's not.  The characters in this movie are so loveable and funny; you want them all to win at the game of love! Jennifer Lopez does a fantastic job as Mary Fiore, a wedding planner who's motto is "Those who can't wed, plan!"  She has no life other than her job and doesn't have any potential of love in her life until... Eddie James comes along played by Matthew McConaughey (who is as smug, haughty, and arrogant as ever!).  Luckily, McConaughey's character actually needs these characteristics, so it all works out nicely. Justin Chambers plays Massimo Lenzetti, a hilariously clueless childhood acquaintance of Mary's, who comes back wanting to marry her.  I must say that Chambers steals the show.  Whenever he comes on screen you find yourself giggling uncontrollably at his awkwardness.  I must point out that he later played D'Artagnan in "The Musketeer", quite a transition from Massimo!  This proves that Justin Chambers is a fantastic actor. Judy Greer also does a wonderful job as Mary's assistant, Penny Nicholson.  Penny is constantly hyperventilating over small things (like a broken dish at a wedding).  It's really quite funny to watch. I found myself laughing almost constantly throughout "The Wedding Planner" because of the unforgettable and funny characters mentioned above.  "The Wedding Planner" also gives us some hilarious insight into the world of wedding planning.  One of my favorite lines is "The FOB is MIA".  To Mary, this means "the father of the bride is missing".  If anyone has seen "Strictly Ballroom" or "Best in Show" then they'll understand what I'm about to saw.  A lot of the humor in this film is really just showing you how ridiculous the worries of the wedding planner community are.  The traumas that seem important to Mary are just so comical to us that we can't help but laugh.     