 I remember when I saw Paul Haggis's latest film "Crash" early last summer.  It had a bit of buzz but not much but my best friend and I were so intrigued by the preview that we decided to give it a go and saw it one June evening at our favorite theater in Union Square in New York City.    By the time the credits began to roll and the lights slowly brightened, we sat there in stunned, bewildered silence; tears silently streaming down our faces.  We both concurred that we had just seen one of the most emotionally distressing, powerful, and moving films ever.  We were flat-out exhausted from the onslaught of raw emotion and utter truth about the state of our society.  "Crash" is a film in which both cars and lives slam powerfully and unforgivingly into each other, leaving the victims to sort out the mess. Following the lead of movies such as "Magnolia," one of my favorite films, "Crash" chisels its mosaic from angry urban encounters and in-your-face confrontation. This is not a movie in which emotions simmer below the surface; they're quickly brought to a full, dangerous boil that may prove to be simply too much for some audience members to bear; this is NOT a film to be watched casually.   The incredibly large cast of over fifteen characters includes such familiar faces as Don Cheadle, Sandra Bullock, Brendan Fraser, Matt Dillon, Thandie Newton, Ryan Phillippe, Jennifer Esposito, Ludacris, Larenz Tate, and Loretta Devine, is black, white, Latino, Middle Eastern, and Southeast Asian. The characters are cops, criminals, victims, and innocent bystanders, but in Haggis' world no one is innocent of the sin of intolerance. As in many ensemble films they often have existing connections that are revealed late in the game, and they divide and recombine in unexpected, often improbable, ways.   The film opens with racial hostility right out as Kim Lee (Alexis Rhee) has rear-ended a car carrying Detectives Graham (Cheadle) and Ria (Esposito), and a disagreement over who's at fault leads to an ugly dispute in which Ria mocks Kim's accent and her height and Kim accuses Ria of being an illegal and tells her to go back to Mexico. We then move to a scene in a gun shop, where the middle-aged white owner (Jack McGee) accuses Farhad (Shaun Toub), a Persian convenience-store owner, and his daughter Dorri (Bahar Soomekh) of being terrorists. Two young black men (Ludacris and Tate) have a debate about unfair treatment and stereotyping but then proceed to carjack some rich white folks (Fraser and Bullock) who seem intimidated by them. While any one of these scenes could work fine on its own, the cumulative effect is awfully repetitive, and the implication that everyone in L.A. is virulently and outspokenly racist hurts Haggis' credibility. Sure, nearly everyone harbors some racial prejudice, but most of us express it a bit more subtly, if at all. Making it so overt so quickly rather than building up to it makes us feel overwhelmed and preached at.  The film progresses through a tight series of such confrontations, many of which may seem familiar - the sheer volume guarantees that anyone who's ever experienced racism firsthand, from either side or as a bystander, will feel a bit of dj vu. Though the quick sketching of the characters leaves little room for complexity, it speeds up the process of making us identify and empathize with them, so that when they get in over their heads we feel a sense of involvement. As circumstances push several characters to their breaking points, the film sets up anxious, potentially explosive situations that could go a number of different ways, then makes us squirm while they develop. There's surprising tension and even moments of real elation. Few situations turn out the way we're set up to expect; one life is saved due to a character's bad intentions while another is lost because of good ones; though some "surprise" reversals are telegraphed too far in advance.		 								 While Haggis' writing lacks subtlety, he's a great actors' director. The performances are uniformly excellent, and there are surprises from some of the most familiar cast members. Phillippe, though cast predictably as the idealistic male ingenue, delivers an unusually grounded, unmannered performance. Bullock, who is so associated with her comedic roles that we may underrate her dramatic skills, has a smart, impassioned monologue that starts with her anger at the men who carjacked her and those around her who've let her down but winds up being about her constant, low-simmering rage; it suggests that rather than being the proximate cause of her fury, the black and Latino characters she lashes out at are merely handy targets for her unacknowledged dissatisfaction with her own life. Even better is the scene between a black television director and his wife (Terrence Howard and Thandie Newton) that offers a rare glimpse into the conflicts between and within educated, successful African-Americans. After an unwarranted police stop, she's enraged about his refusal to intervene when a cop used the pretense of frisking her to feel her up, even stroking her crotch. She rails against what she sees as cowardly Uncle-Tomism while he insists that he acted the only way he could, that when a white man has the power there's no way to win, so you do what you must to survive.												The film is at its best in moments like these, when Haggis downplays his self-imposed obligation to educate and allows the actors to explore their characters a bit. There's some great stuff there between all the object lessons; if only there were fewer of those to slog through. Like too many filmmakers taking on a large subject, Haggis seems to feel that he has to address it comprehensively. He explores virtually every imaginable permutation of racism, showing that resentment breeds resentment, that those who feel oppressed by the stereotyping they face don't hesitate to do the same to others, nor do they necessarily grasp the irony. He posits that institutionalized racism can force a person to turn against others like himself, as when a black police sergeant (Keith David) covers up racial profiling and harassment by a man in his command so as to keep his own record clean. A corrupt system can corrupt those who must work in it, but overreaching ambition, too, has its dangers.      