 Reformation and revival are the two most cherished enterprises every aspiring leader aims at when setting forth his or her vision. Those who desire to merely maintain the status quo only amount to managers who, in the end, are satisfied if nothing changes for the worse. Brian McLaren wants nothing to do with the latter and everything do with the former when he calls ordinary Christians to become "new kinds of Christians" by engaging the emerging postmodern culture we find ourselves in.  A New Kind of Christian (from now on Christian) has been one of the most popular books delineating the new postmodern church culture. It has also been a catalyst for the emergent church that inspires its parishioners to abandon their failed traditionalism and reform worship, evangelism, discipleship, leadership, and theology.  The best parts of the book are the pictures of friendship McLaren creates where spiritual connections are made between two sojourning souls: Reverend Dan Poole and science teacher/former pastor Dr. Oliver who takes the rather banal nickname, "Neo."   Christian is a very creative and well-written apology of emergent values. It takes ordinary people stuck in a wasteland of stale Christianity and revives them through a sometimes agonizing, but necessary paradigm shift.   However, the problem with the book is that it portrays this spiritual metamorphosis through the rejection of one worldview in favor for another. Basically, if you want to become a "new kind of Christian" you have to throw off your modern way of thinking and become postmodern.  McLaren's character Dan Poole is a worn out pastor who is tired from the constant criticism of his church members, the church politics, and the fighting he has to endure for every little change. The story begins with his doubts about his ministry, even his faith, and he seeks counsel from a local high school teacher, Neo, on how to get into teaching. As it turns out, Neo was once a pastor who left the ministry because he went through the very same experience Dan is going through. Neo befriends Dan and immediately diagnosis the problem. He simplistically tells Dan that he has a modern faith in a postmodern world, and pushes Dan to think differently about his social context.  Although many of his conclusions are completely overdrawn, McLaren is correct in saying the way we read the Bible is colored by our environment. However, he awkwardly states that modernism isn't necessarily evil and postmodernism, good; however, little of the book supports this. The rest of the book is biased towards postmodernism being the saving grace that will resurrect a dying faith.  Every major doctrinal problem that has perplexed Christians for the last 100 years is read through this type of "modern = bad/change for better = Christian faith + postmodern view" paradigm. You will have many more times of confusion than clarity when reading this, otherwise creative and well-written book.      