 Till We Have Faces is a myth retold. The myth of the love affair between Cupid and Psyche is the basis of the story, which is about a young princess that is so beautiful that no man would dare pursue her, because she was thought to be a goddess. This makes the goddess Aphrodite terribly jealous and demands that Psyche be offered as a sacrifice to the god's. Aphrodite instructs her son Cupid to put a spell on her to desire the worst of mankind; however, Cupid falls madly in love with Psyche because she is so beautiful. Because Cupid is a god and Psyche is a mortal, Cupid hides himself from her even though he is her husband. Psyche's two evil sisters come and deceive Psyche into uncovering her lover, and therefore, bring the punishment of exile on her. Aphrodite is happy again.   Lewis takes this sad legend and transforms it into a story of redemption. The novel is written with the literary theory called "the broken-hearted reader" motif. This means that the narrative is written in a self-justifying prose that, in the end, exposes the brokenness and weakness of the writer. Something like Nathan's prophecy to David about the coveted lamb would be a good Hebrew example.   The story is told by one of the supposedly "evil" sisters named Orual. Orual is leads a tragic life of one love and loss after another. Her father, the king, is an abusive tyrant who despises her, not only because she is a woman, but because she is ugly. Orual's greatest love, however, is reserved for her younger sister, Psyche, who is ripped away from her by a strange sacrificial demand for her life by the goddess Ungit. Orual is devastated, yet hopes that Psyche is alive, and finds her one day in an obscure forest. Psyche is blissful and full of life. She is passionate about the love of her "husband" and refuses to return with Orual to the kingdom. Orual's jealousy corrodes her mind, and out of "love" manipulates Psyche into betraying her husband. Psyche is lost, and Orual remains bitter.   The king finally dies and Orual comes to power. She wears a veil to cover her ugliness, and becomes a legend throughout the land. She is cunning and brave as she rules her kingdom with the sword and her good counselors beside her. One of her counselor's is a man named Bardia, who is a commander of the military whom Orual is in love with. Yet, she also resents him because he is married. She despises him and makes him work long hours away from his family which in the end takes his life. Orual grieves for him and goes to comfort his wife who accuses her of murdering her husband with hard toil. Orual is disheartened.    However, the biggest blow comes when Orual is told the legend of Psyche by a temple priest. The story is told in such a way that makes Psyche the victim of her "evil sister," and Orual is outraged. She labors mightly over a book accusing the gods of injustice and defies anyone to tell her she is wrong. Orual accuses the gods of stealing Psyche from her, and pours out her complaint to them in a divine courtroom. However, as Orual is reading she realizes that she made Psyche violate the god not because Orual cared not for Psyche's life, but because she so wanted the highest place in Psyche's love.  Orual is interrupted by the judge and realizes that the gods have no need to defend themselves. Orual's protest is its own indictment. Orual then knows she has condemned herself. Her essential jealousy has been the jealousy of the godsa desire for their power, the beauty the posses, and the love they receive. Hence, Orual becomes the broken-hearted reader.   However, there is redemption. Orual is allowed to see the journeys of Psyche through her exile. Orual is humbled to see that Psyche has been bearing her grief working to restore her broken sister. Orual's story ends with an encounter. Her heart has been finally prepared for the grace she is about to receive. In her last vision she is visited by the god who is "all that is dreadful and all that is beauty" and beholds herself reflected in a pool beside her sister, both of them made beautiful!   The book ends abruptly, but that is only to show how inadequate words are to describe the feelings of reconciliation, peace, and forgiveness. Lewis writes about the book, "I ended my first book with the words no answer. I know now, Lord, why you utter no answer. You are yourself the answer. Before your face questions die away. What other answer would suffice? Only words, words; to be led out to battle against other words"     