 The best introduction to the debate over women in ministry is by far and away Craig L. Blomberg's and James R. Beck's Two Views On Women In Ministry. Edited by two men, each conservative seminary professors (Denver Seminary) represent the opposing viewpoints, and call upon one man and one woman to each put forth an essay arguing for and against women in ministry. Craig Keener and Linda Belleville defend the Egalitarian position (allowing) while Tom Schreiner and Ann Bowman defend the Complementarian position (barring).  The most exegetically dense essay comes from Belleville in that she answers Wayne Grudem's "6 questions" in his Open Letter to Egalitarians satisfactorily. She also makes many key distinctions between being "pro-mutuality" and "pro-gay" that undermine the charge that accepting women as pastors will eventually lead to accepting practicing accepting homosexual persons as pastors (hence validating their lifestyles). Schreiner returns the favor with an equally strong essay-probably the most well written-building his prohibiting views off of a broader base of gender roles he believes are spelled out more clearly in the Genesis record and the teachings on marriage. He then finishes it off with cogent interpretations of the classic prohibiting texts such as 1 Timothy 2:11-15, 1 Corinthians 11:3-16, and 14:34-35. Keener, draws upon his voluminous wealth of extra-biblical historical literature showing how each instance of the prohibiting texts is plausibly culture bound, and the main point of his essay is establishing criteria that is able to determine what is culture-bound and what not. Though, he does not develop this in detail, he brings to light many women in the Bible that had influential ministry roles that transcend the idea that the Bible permits some ministry to women, but not all. Bowman's essay was the weakest in my view in that it did not put forth much of an exegetical argument (except an interpretation of 1 Timothy 2:11-13) pertaining to women in ministry, but mostly focused on the nature of ministry in general. She, however, argued that almost all ministries-even some pastoral positions-are open to women except for the nebulous concept of a "senior pastor."  Blomberg, perhaps sensing a misbalance in the essays, concludes with an attempt at a mediating position called "Neither Hierarchalist nor Egalitarian" which, though biased towards a complementarian view, takes a broad look at the issues and polarities in the controversy and admits that there is much ambiguity and unsolved problems left to explore. His essay finishes the book nicely showing holes that egalitarians often fail to recognize, yet he also fairly shows that they haven't been adequately filled by the Complementarians either.  All in all, I heartily recommend this very irenic and approachable book that generates much more light than heat on a very threatening and unapproachable issue. One will be left, after finishing the book, thinking that egalitarians do in fact argue biblically rather than culturally, and that complementarians do in fact love and cherish women and their ministries rather than denigrating them.     