 To be sure there were many praises I had about this book. I felt very much in sync with Wallis' criticisms of the Left/Right divide that unnecessarily bifurcates every issue. His heart for the poor is admirable, and he also realizes many of the ugly tendencies Religious conservatives employ in their campaigning against just one or two issues. The book's best parts are about how faith should influence politics and how our public life in many ways is just as important as our private life.  However, there were many places where I simply shook my head. The redundant veneration of Martin Luther King Jr and Desmund Tutu became so tiresome that I got less impressed with their accomplishments each time Wallis cited their names. The problem with this book is that it is simply disingenuous. Instead of doing the hard work of biblical exegesis, navigating through historical hermeneutics, and systematizing a true "politics of God" in light of Christ's redemptive work we are left with the pedantic moorings a disgruntled Democrat who whose idea of revival is getting people to repent of voting for Bush. The subtitle should read "God isn't a Republican BECAUSE he is a Democrat." More or less Wallis criticizes Republicans and counsels Democrats, which of course is fine. I do not have a problem with Christians deliberating between political parties in order to vote their conscious. It is true that God isn't a Republican or a Democrat. I just wish he would have been more accurate about his intentions.  Wallis' use of Scripture in the construction of his platform was sorely lacking. And the times he used Scripture were scattered and spurious, replete with exegetical fallacies and hermeneutical pitfalls. Quite honestly, he is not much better than Jerry Falwell or Pat Robertson in using the Bible as a political manifesto. What I found to be most disappointing in reading the book is that I, being a disaffected conservative, was very open to his ideas yet was hardly compelled by them. However, Wallis did succeed in convincing me there are more than two sides to every issue, and that Christians should draw upon the Prophetic voice of Scripture in deliberating their stance on particular issues, instead of whatever the GOP spins in the media. It will help me be more confident in my political positions in the future.      