 Almost completely ignored by the radio playlists of the early seventies, Captain Beyonds seminal debut album nonetheless engendered a fervent cult following that still persists to this day. In recent years this following has called the band out of retirement to tour and perform again, and has even produced a tribute album.  Captain Beyond can be viewed as a supergroup of sorts, since most of the members of the original lineup came from hard rock legends. Guitarist Larry Rhino Reinhardt and bassist Lee Dorman were fresh off the dissolution of Iron Butterfly, while vocalist Rod Evans had unceremoniously been ousted from Deep Purple to make way for Ian Gillian. And while the music the new band made could certainly be categorized as hard rock, it was like quite nothing no other hard rock band at the time was making. It might best be categorized as speed prog.  The bands self-titled debut album issued at the beginning of 1972 consists ostensibly of thirteen separate tracks, but really has the feel of one long epi-suite. The sound relies mainly on an all-out blistering guitar and drum attack (Ironically it is Bobby Caldwell, the comparative unknown of the group, who really dominates the album with his frenzied drumming), yet with touches of virtuosity. Perhaps the albums most impressive feature, aside from the superb musicianship itself, is the seamless transition in playing from track to track and between different sections of the same track. These guys could musically turn on a dime on this release. Soft breaks featuring Dormans piano occasionally slow things down a bit, and provides a counterbalance of moments of beauty to the sometimes frightening aural tableau. One standout track (and one of the few real stand-alone tracks on the album), is the bludgeoning, earth-shaking, doomcrying Raging River of Fear. However, the albums true highlight is probably the suitelike structure which the second side mostly consists of. Lyrically, the record explores quasi-mystical themes without ever descending into hokum.  This remarkable debut album is the one that the bands fame, such as it is, principally rests on. However, there would be two more studio albums in the Captain Beyond catalog. The followup, 1973s Sufficiently Breathless, features more of the same style of music, but with more clearly delinated seperateness between the songs. Perhaps the band was seeking a more commercial direction. Certainly the gorgeous acoustic opening title track would have made a smash single. But it appears that that success eluded them, for the Captain went into hibernation for a few years.  They returned in 1977 with a new lead vocalist, Will Daffern, and an even more commercial effort called Dawn Explosion. Featuring a mainstream musical approach in contrast to the bands previous work, this is the album that Captain Beyond fans tend to dismiss as everything from a mistake to the unquestioned weak sister of the trio. However, to my ears, Dawn Explosion is anything but a weak album, being a decent straightforward hard-rock package full of solid and memorable songs. This was the last Captain Beyond studio album issued to date. Oh, and as to the Rolling Stone Record Guide review, anyone who thinks that Captain Beyond sounds like a "wimpier version of the Eagles" (as Dave Marsh did), is a moron with no credibility.     