 I know this book has been decades out of print, but the current talk of the New England Patriots becoming an NFL dynasty after their second Super Bowl win brought to my memory the funniest (and one of the best) football book I ever read. Tom Beer was a journeyman tight end who played with the Denver Broncos and the New England Patriots in the late 1960's and early 1970's - years when these franchises fielded some of the worst teams in NFL history. Beer's recollections of these years makes for a brilliant tragicomic memoir full of sidesplitting anecdotes penned in a wonderfully sardonic style. Most football autobiographies are written by succesful players on championship teams, and to read about the experiences of an obscure player on a league doormat is an enlightening experience. I first read "Sunday's Fools" many years ago when I was in the eighth grade, and I love it just as much now as I did back then. I've reread and reread and rearead it throughout the years. I really believe it is one of the greatest football books ever written, and it deserves to be reprinted. Hopefully some publishing company will stumble across this review and be intrigued enough to check it out. I have no idea where Tom Beer is today, but I'd like to thank him for writing my all-time favorite football book. I wonder what his reaction was to both the Broncos and Patriots winning Super Bowls in recent years? Did he ever think that would happen? Although the book is mostly laugh out loud funny, there are some truly touching and sad moments as well. The chapter near the end where Beer finally gets cut by the Patriots is a real tear-jerker. At the end of the book, Beer has found a new career as an executive with a World Football League team - the modern reader can't help but shake his head at this . . . his luck is certainly holding true! One of the greatest and funniest football books ever written. I'd like to see it published in an updated edition similiar to the one Jim Bouton did for "Ball Four" - with a new introduction by the author (if he's still with us) telling us what's been going on with him for the last thirty years.     