 What can be said? Martin Popoff has written not only the greatest and most comprehensive guide to seventies hard rock, but also one of the greatest and most comprehensive record guides in any genre period. There have been a handful of books in recent years published about the history of metal (Ian Christe's, for one) and after the superficial research and lack of knowledge about metal's early days which characterize those tomes, it is refreshing to have a work like this. I am a huge Uriah Heep fan, and so I was pleased to see that Popoff finally gives them the credit they deserve as being one of metal's most important founders along with Purple, Sabbath and Zeppelin. The most impressive thing about this book is the scope. It has everything - and I mean everything. There probably wasn't a hard-rock record released during the period that isn't covered here. I was pleased to see the inclusion of such Heep-related rarities and unknowns such as The Gods, Toe Fat, and even-the ultra-rare Weed album Ken Hensley did under a pseudonym (the Weed album even has a photograph of the cover image - wow!) Even Hensley's solo albums, which are extrememly mellow and cannot be considered metal by any stretch of the definition, are included. Another of my favorite unknown bands Popoff covers is Stray. I was suprised to hear that he didn't review the first Stray album because he couldn't find a copy. I was amazed by this because Stray's debut is the ONLY Stray album I've been able to find a copy of, seeing as how it was released as a bonus disc to an anthology which was availible a couple of years ago. I would have loaned Popoff my copy for free. Yes, there are indeed albums and bands included in here that are so rare and obscure their very existence borders on the mythical. I wouldn't have been the least bit surprised to see a review for Spinal Tap's "Brainhammer" or "Intravenus De Milo" here. Although I disagree with some of Martin's assesments of certain albums (for one thing, I think he is far too rough in his treatment of the post '73 Heep catalog and there are a couple of albums I consider classics of the era which he treats lightly) these are small, minor, quibbling points. I bow to his knowledge of the era and genre like Wayne before Aerosmith. This guy knows his stuff.     