 I agree with reviewer, Jane Fleming, that this is a great recording of the two-piano works of Rachmaninov.  I also find it preferable to the Argerich/Rabinovitch (Ar/R) performances of the same pieces in certain respects, though not all. Ashkenazy/Previn (As/P), while not as overtly viruosic throughout as is Ar/R, and while the older recorded sound of As/P is not quite as full spectrum as the more recent Ar/R recording, As/P brings some rare qualities that are definitely lacking in the Ar/R performances. First, As/P are fine conductors as well as superb performers, and it shows, especially in the Symphonic Dances.  The structural and melodic lines are cleaner and clearer througout than with Ar/R, finely drawn to reveal the form and structure of the work in a way that is somewhat lacking in Ar/R.  Ar/R's lines are more episodic and many of the balances lose subtle thematic elements in what is often a rushed or oppositely sudden, and discontinuous, drop in tempo.  The effect is one in which the power of the harmonic/melodic counterpoint is more obscured by the power of pure sonority and sheer virtuosic brilliance achieved by Ar/R.  Of course, the virtuosic brilliance of Ar/R has its definite appeal and the musical thrust, though less clear is certainly exciting to hear. Second, and related to the generally clearer lines, As/P's ability to pass thematic material between hands as well as between pianos, in a deceptively simple way, both adds a dimension to the structure of the work and offers a more unified conception from the two performers as a whole.  In contrast, while Ar/R are both technically and musically compatible, I still hear them as two separate performers rather than as the single instrument that As/P are able to conjure together. Finally, I do not make these remarks in disparagement of Ar/R, which I also enjoy.  I certainly regard Argerich to be one of the great pianists on record, right up there with Richter and Horowitz.  Most every recording I have of her's is a treasure to behold.  However, these particular works, I think, receive their most solid and musical performances by As/P.  I also very much love Ashkenazy's playing in the Etudes-Tableaux and Corelli Variations as a bonus, which both shimmer with his sensitive layering of tempo, rhythm, and harmonic depth, again, adding something of the studied conductor to his ample pianistic skills.     