 Of the currently posted reviews, it is interesting that they either rate this book at the top or at the bottom of the rating scale.  This is a sign that the book elicits much more comment on the reviewer's state of mind than on the book itself.  My review will be no different. While I second those who extoll the book's poetry and its vivid portrayal of the Afghan land and culture, to me the real value of the book lies in its deepest appeal to the conscience (or lack of conscience) in the reader.  Mr. Elliot's report is unique in that it covers two or three visits that he undertook that span the time during and after the Soviet war, just prior to Taleban occupation of Kabul and the roughly 90% of Afghanistan that it occupies today. During this time, under extremely difficult circumstances, Mr. Elliot had access to people and places that would shortly be cut off and, in many cases, destroyed during the ensuing Taleban onslaught.  The result, both of the circumstances and Mr. Elliot's reporting on them, is a tale filled with longing--a longing for some of what is, much of what was and has been lost, and what may never be recovered, an innocence and deeply human sympathy ravaged by the cynicism of the world. Afghanistan was never an easy place to live, but it was long a place where humanity reigned supreme in the daily lives of common people.  Some have called it the height of civilization, low-tech though it was.  It had long been the seat of a kind of basic (and advanced) hospitality that has been all but lost, though much imitated, in much of the rest of the world.  Elliot's deep love and intimate knowledge of these people and the remaining remnants of their culture informs every page of his vivid account. In the end, he leaves those of us with the conscience to respond with a deep sense of loss, yet with a vivid picture of hope for the future of our common human destiny.  Yes, he makes us want to visit what was once Afghanistan, the Land of the Free.  But even more, he makes us accutely aware of the Jewel that has been lost and that we must all find again to restore the vital center of our own particular human culture where we happen to live, among the common people of our daily lives.     