 This is one of the two finest performances of these pieces in recent record.  For that, it is perhaps the most overtly virtuosic of the lot, with Martha Argerich and Alexandre Rabinovitch (Ar/R) perfectly matched in skill and musical temperament. The other finest performance of these pieces is the recording by Vladimir Ashkenazy and Andre Previn (As/P)(London/Decca 444 845-2), older than Ar/R by over 10 years for Op. 45 and by over 15 years for Op. 5 and Op. 17.  While Ar/R play with the kind of breathtaking technique that keeps you on the edge of your seat, and certainly show great sympathy with the emotions aroused by this music, they sometimes either miss an important musical point or emphasize the point out of proportion to its place in the musical texture.  It is the As/P recording (and at least one other recording of Op. 45 by a husband/wife team that is now out of print on Vox/Turnabout) that so well makes these points and reveals the shortcomings in Ar/R. With Ar/R, there is noticably equal weight given to their parts by both performers almost all of the time.  In a curious way, this emphasizes the virtuosity of both performers, and in so doing, one really does hear both performers as individuals, even though it is often difficult to know (without a score) who is playing what part.  On the other hand, with As/P, each performer hands off the prominance of their part to the other (presumably according to the score), and they do it with such fluid and seamless ease that they leave two strong impressions: 1) the unity of their ensemble and 2) a powerful understanding of the structural and expressive points in the score, which they convey clearly.  Basicly, As/P sound together like a single performer on one "grand" piano, where as Ar/R sound like two superbly matched and gifted performers on separate pianos, each matching the other in prominance and expressiveness, which does not necessarily accurately serve the score and its inherent beauty. Let me emphasize that As/P peform flawlessly and with more than enough virtuosity to stir one's more exuberant emotions.  But Ar/R really do take it to the limit, in terms of speed, dynamics, changes of speed and dynamics, and all combined with flawless accuracy with the notes.  However, the total sound of Ar/R often loses some beautifully rendered harmonic and melodic counterpoint that As/P almost always reveal. Certainly, Ar/R also benefit from more modern recording technology that gives their performances greater presence.  However, the sound recording for As/P is still first rate for its time and certainly does not hide any of the musical nuance that they bring to their performances. Frankly, I recommend both the present Argerich/Rabinovitch and the comparable Ashkenazy/Previn performances for their unique qualities, as they both hit a "chord" in their own way.  However, you will listen depending on your goal.  If you want to be swept off your feet and driven wild, Argerich/Rabinovitch is your choice of the moment.  If you want a no less competent, yet more studied and deeply moving experience that lingers long after you hear it, your choice is clearly Ashkenazy/Previn.     