 While I have not heard all, I have heard many of the recordings now available of this fiendishly difficult work.  Despite the virtuosity of the landmark Gould recordings, it is not only the pyrotechnic demands that make this a difficult piece.  Many have more or less successfully avoided these pyrotechnics in an attempt to portray other qualities in the music.  What remains awesomely difficult, no matter the pace, is to carry through with clarity and completeness the idea (or multiple ideas) of each variation from beginning to end, and then to do it again, and again, and again (you get the idea), with freshness and intensity every time.  As such, many of these variations are as or more difficult to do slowly than even at the blistering pace of the Master Gould. What is enjoyable in Perahia's playing is the clarity and intricacy, as much as the ample pyrotechnic effect he achieves, sometimes even to rival Gould.  What is unsatisfying is his lack of completeness in the rendering.  Especially in the more complex variations, he is never able to establish and maintain the integrity of the myriad talking voices, the many themes that emerge within a single variation.  One theme replaces another, passing from one to the next, but the replaced theme is always lost and the intensity is lost with it.  Perahia thus loses the consumate unity and relentless forward motion that all of these voices can work together if allowed to do so. You may be wondering (if you haven't moved on) how I dare to assert such a sweeping criticism, why I quibble with such competent playing as that which Murray Perahia delivers.  It is only because I have heard this piece played with the clarity and completeness that I know is possible by the 17-year old Konstantin Lifschitz in his Grammy-nominated 1994 recording (Denon CO-78961, available through Amazon).  Lifschitz provides pyrotechnics very near to Gould, but he also provides a wealth of variation within the many variations, without losing any of the clarity or that all important forward motion.  Where Perahia offers flourishes and trills, Lifschitz brings out a different set of themes, but without losing the relentless energy of the themes that underlie them.  Every theme, every idea, every thread of harmony and rhythm works together toward a consumate end.  And Lifschitz does this from beginning to end, for 30 variations, from Aria to Aria, repeats included. Some have complained that Perahia did not receive even a Grammy nomination, much less a Grammy, for his very fine recording.  The reason may not be because his ample playing was overlooked or ignored, but rather because the Grammy nominating committee may well have remembered the joy and wonder that swept over them from that most self-effacing and generous spirt, the young Konstantin Lifschitz, only a few short years ago.     