 This is deceptively simple playing, and simply breathtaking. I first heard Mr. O'conor on my car radio playing the Sonata #2 and could not believe my ears.  I think I either sat in the parking lot or pulled over to be sure I did not miss the name of the performer. I had been mostly "away" from music for a number of years.  Back then, my favorite pianists for most everything were Sviatislav Richter and Aldo Ciccolini, and more recently, Konstantin Lifschitz.  Certainly, Richter has left us one of the all-time performances of the "Appassionata," but I was totally unprepared for John O'Conor's unassuming brilliance and generosity of spirit when I first heard it.  From the reviewer in Ithaca, it is now clear to me that his approach to Beethoven is a completely honest reflection of his own personality, which must be a gift to all who know him. Most other reviewers have amply described what I can only call a remarkable slight of hand in his playing of these pieces, probably something that one can only hear in a chamber or solo setting that is as closely miked as this one.  Of course, his pure and full tone comes, in part, from the remarkable Hamburg Steinway that he plays throughout, and that notably takes prominent credit on every disc.  But, as any one who has tried and failed knows, even on the best of pianos the result can only match the skill of the performer, and in Mr. O'conor, this piano merely amplifies his already infinitely sensitive touch.  Combined with impeccable precision and a flexibility of tempo that never loses the meter, he gives us a kind of relaxed intensitiy that never takes itself too seriously, yet never wavers in its fidelity of purpose. Mr. O'Conor manages, in every bar, to strike the crystal with perfection and back away from its endless song.  In short, he opens Beethoven for all but the dullest ear to see.  Thus, I can only hope that this recording of the complete Beethoven sonata cycle never leaves the catalog and generously rewards Mr. O'Conor, as it does us, into a long and fulfilling life.     