 I previously wrote a review dated April 19, 2001, titled "Enjoyable, but Unsatisfying," and rated it at three stars.  I have since revised my opinion much more in line with the mainstream, save for minor quibbles. My yardstick for comparison in that first review was the performance by Konstantin Lifschitz.  The fact is, mine was an example of conditioning by strong attachment to that great Lifschitz rendition.  Such a comparison was unfair to Murray Perahia, especially given all that Murray has actually brought to his splendid recording. On further listening, I really cannot fault Murray's performance any more than others who have rated it at the top of their list, and in fact, I find it quite satisfying, indeed.  I was especially wrong in my assessment that, "Especially in the more complex variations, he is never able to establish and maintain the integrity of the myriad talking voices, the many themes that emerge within a single variation."  The fact is, Murray does an excellent job of maintaining contrapuntal integrity, but in quite a different manner from Konstantin. Murray's approach is generally much lighter in touch, and more calmly reflective in mood, but certainly speaks as clearly and with as much conviction as Konstantin in the matter. While I still lean toward Konstantin's more intensely driven and perhaps slightly more virtuosic and multi-layered approach (which is not, by the way, without its reflective moments), I cannot now recommend Murray's more lyrical treatment any less, and will be listening to it probably every bit as much.  Certainly the two stand on a par as updates to the Gould performances most everyone starts with.  In truth, I now think that the Grammy committee neglected to award first place to Murray, at least in part, because they missed the mark on Konstantin, but not because they both did not equally deserve it, rather because they both deserved it very much indeed.  Thus, I recommend both of these wonderful recordings for any who want a well rounded hearing of this great work!     