 I am a long-time admirer of the Czech Philharmonic interpretations of this work, conducted by Karl Ancerl and Vaclav Neumann, both of whom delivered exquisitely balanced performances over their lives.  The late Bernstein recording with the Chicago Symphony, perhaps one of the finest up-dates since those Czech masters is updated yet again with the present recording, and in more than just years. Even in Bernstein I miss some delicate rubato in tempo, such as in the rising scale of the violins that introduces the ethereal, yet intense, sunshine moment following the rising invasion sequence in the first movement.  However, with Gergiev, these remarkable, chamber-like, and mysterious movements of movement return, and with such large forces as one might not think possible to control.  Everywhere is to be found subtle shading of dynamics and rhythm that shows an incredible level of absolutely sustained concentration throughout. Add to this the remarkable transparency of texture, the shear clarity that this listener has never before heard in recordings of this work, and it seems a fulfillment of all that has come before of attempts to render the full majesty of this 20th century treasure.  Most important, for all the attention to detail, it never bogs down, never stops.  All that detail is deftly part of the vehicle of movement that propels this musical meeting with destiny ever forward to its impossible finality. Some note the difficulties from the dynamic range of the recording.  What is remarkable is that we have a recording with this range, perhaps the most living quality of all about this work.  While challenging even today's ample music systems, a well balanced and powerful enough set up can and does render this recording fully and without strain to itself or to the listener's ear. The only seemingly imperfect moment (which I am not sure is not actually in the score) is an early change up in the first movement that part of the string section seems to miss while the rest moves forward with it.  It may well be that I have never heard this moment correctly in any of my earlier recordings (and I've never heard the piece live). I will, God willing, get the chance with Gergiev and the Kirov, who are actually coming to my town in September to play this very work, and in one of the best halls in the world, literally (Mechanics Hall in Worcester, MA).  It is, in fact, this recording that stirred me to purchase the tickets for my first-ever live performance of this much beloved work to come.  Perhaps I can then verify that the little imperfection that I seem to perceive in the recording is actually none other than near perfection itself.     