 I am so sad to have arrived so late to this CD.  It is quite possible that opinions by some reviewers may have helped to doom it, at least on Amazon.  As a result, I am sorry to have to inform potential listeners this late in the market cycle, but Max Levinson plays these pieces with a rare degree of virtuosity, flexibility, and sensitivity.  As with most music, Bartok's music can be played in any number of ways successfuly, but it is hard to imagine a performance any better than what is presented here.  I will confess that my bias comes from a long-time familiarity with Bartok's own recordings, which show his own brilliance as a pianist.  What strikes me about Levinson is how closely he approaches Bartok's own fluid sense of line, harnessed as it is to a rock solid, yet flexible sense of tempo.  (My favorite recital from Bartok, in this respect, is his recording of the Beethoven Kreutzer Sonata with Szigetti at the violin.)    The whole effect is given additional depth by his seemingly infinite gradient of touch, which allows him to follow Bartok's sometimes accelerating and repetitive waves with the finest increases in intensity.  That same touch, as in The Night's Music from the "Out of Doors Suite" or in the Molto Tranquillo from the "Dance Suite," offers up a multi-dimensional canvas of sound from the lightest breath to the sharpest, yet still softly fleeting pulsation, made altogether whole by a ceaseless forward movement.  No matter the languidness of tempo, the motion never stagnates.  These pieces vary greatly in difficulty, yet he approaches them all with an equal wealth of attention to detail.  The "Romanian Folk Dances," for example, among the more facile gems, he never rushes, no matter how quickly he dashes them off.  He never leaves so much as a note unspoken, or the slightest phrase unexpressed.  And, again, his rubato flows ever within the logic of the entire line, never pressed to excess or left dangling in incompleteness.  The "Sonata" and "Allegro barbaro," among the strongest and more difficult of the works, are filled with staccato clusters, yet they sing thanks to his infinitely fluid touch.  His sound never spreads even in the most punctuated moments.  He never loses the music in what lesser pianists might find only noise.  If you can still find this CD on Amazon (at least a few were still available for my purchase), you should be richly rewarded by it.  I recently heard Levinson in concert for the first time and I can only hope that we are fortunate to have more recordings from him. (One other equally rich recording of music from Brahms, Schumann, Schoenberg, and Kirchner is available as of this writing.)  It is a sad fact that in our time, pianists who 30 years ago would have inspired a generation can remain all but anonymous.  Whether by fate or choice, Max Levinson is clearly one of these.     