 There I said it. I think people take this band too seriously and their fanatical ejaculations only serve to put things into perspective. The Doors are just an okay band. That said "Darken My Fire" is a great assembly of various goth/darkwave and industrial acts paying homage to the Doors. The problem as I see it is that most people expect tribute songs to sound EXACTLY like the originals. If you're a purist you shouldn't be buying tribute albums anyway. Period. If you can bring yourself to swallow your pride for just a moment (and I doubt you can) you'd see that these artists are paying respect to the Doors. They're covering the songs in THEIR style and whether or not you like that style is irrelevant.  Now that I've addressed the stuffy opinions of the fanatics I can concentrate on the CD in question. I felt it was above par for a tribute on Cleopatra records lately. They've put out a few that should have been fantastic but didn't quite live up to their potential. "Darken My Fire" did not fall into this category. The bands here do an exceptional job putting their unique spin on the mediocre material. A few that stick out in my mind are The Mission U.K.'s "Love Me Two Times", Mephisto Walz's "Peace Frog" EHC's "Light My Fire", Eerie Von's "The Spy" and Rosetta Stone's version of "The End". The track I was most looking forward to besides the EHC's hinting at the infernal implications of "Light My Fire" was Nosferatu with their offering of "People Are Strange". In the past Nosferatu have been well known for their conveying of themes such as disenchantment and alienation. Here they are covering the very anthem of alienation and it just didn't jell. It is evident that in order to enjoy "Darken My Fire" you have to not harbor a hero-worship of the source material. If you're a die hard Doors fan read the reviews and don't buy this CD. The last thing this tribute needs is the bitter rantings of a 60's throw-back or modern day hippie wannabe to quash its potential. If this doesn't sound like you, this might be something you'll want to check out     