 That "Gods of Death" [is] a sensationalist puff-piece written like a very slow spy novel.   There is a lot of speculation over the validity of snuff films and while there's certainly a possibility that they do exist Mr. Svoray doesn't present a very compelling argument.  The one thing he NEVER acheives is to convince us of a worldwide underground for this stuff.  More to the point, he actually acheives the opposite with his bumbling investigation, which is convince the reader that snuff films are not so much an industry unto themselves but rather an isolated occurance.     Throughout his investigation he askes the reader to accept a lot without giving us any real incentive.  The "I know it doesn't look like much but you'll just have to trust me" method is the main device that is employed throughout this book.     While you certainly won't find any meaty informative value in this book one might be so inclined as to read it just for morbid curiousity, especially in the light of recent movies like "8mm", and I can tell you in all seriousness that it falls flat in that avenue as well.  "Gods of Death" [is] more or less like a pulp spy novel.  The only problem is that it is too dreadfully paced and full of macho bravado to even entice the most desperate spy novel geek.  And as it pertains to its main character, Mr. Svoray, he tries to put himself over but instead comes across like an irredeemable [idiot].     While I'm certain that some reviewers are of the skeptic camp I'm also sure that there were a great many more that were like myself who went into it with a "show me" attitude.  I was willing to accept a possible theory as long as there was sufficient evidence to back it up.  Needless to say, there wasn't.  As it seems "Gods of Death" makes its entire case on hearsay.   If you are waiting for an intelligent and believable look into the world of snuff pornography I suspect you'll have to wait a while longer.  If it's just perverse entertainment you're into then rent "8mm".  It's more enjoyable and ultimately more realistic than Yaron Svoray would have you believe.     