 This game functions real well as a starter RPG. More experienced RPG gamers might be a little bored with its shortcomings. The are four reasons for this: The story line, the linear game play, the semi-real time battle sequence, and the lack of any real challenge. Story: The story fails almost completely in both presentation and substance. The main character is Ryudo. He is a mercenary with a troubled past sent out on a job to protect the pure good girl of the land. (Now where have we seen that before?) Of course you see where this is going...Ryudo uncovers his past and finds strength from within to stop fighting for money and start fighting for justice. Now, the story itself isn't bad per se, but the thing is, we have heard it all before. If you take two or three classic RPGs (any will do) and piece together the story lines you get this one. So, if you are new to RPGs then it will be new to you so you won't be bothered by it. However, RPGs are special because unlike other video games they rely heavily on the story. RPG fans won't find much to cheer about with this bland tale. Also the character's lines harp on the same points over and over again. For example, towards the end the game the word "heart" appears so much in the dialogue that you would think you are reading Cardiology Weekly. The story awkwardly stumbles along never quite gaining its footing. Presentation is also off key. Annoying voice-overs have Ryudo sounding more like a surfer dude than a sword-wielding hero. The in game movies are also sub-par for Dreamcast's capabilities.  Linear Game Play: This game is extremely linear. This meaning that you always know exactly where to go and what you have to do. Besides one or two "Special Areas" when you advance in the story you don't even have the option of going anywhere but forward. For people who object to RPGs by saying things like, "You spend hours fighting pointless battles searching for your next task" this is the game for you. Also, for a beginner RPG player this type of set-up puts frustration at a minimum. However, if you are into totally non-linear RPG's like Wizardry, for example, this game will be Boring with a capital B. Battle Sequence: The battle sequence is the best part of this game. It is a semi-real time/turn based mode of battle. This makes fighting flow more evenly. Despite the times where my characters would attack an enemy out of view, I liked it immensely. It is an original action oriented way to structure the battle sequence. By strategizing your turns and types of moves you can limit certain enemy attacks. Also, you have the ability to make quick decisions to guard from an oncoming attack or evade before the enemy makes it to your side of the screen. Challenge: The game is real easy. Probably too easy. There are many spells, special moves, and skills to learn. While all these enhance the game and add variety, after about 1/4 way through it is pretty hard to be hit much, forget about being killed. Moreover, at a save point you can automatically recover your entire HP/MP etc. Any enemy near a save point is toast because you can throw everything you have at them and after the battle fully recover. (at no cost to you).  Also, since you can see your enemies (no random fight generator) before battle you can almost always sneak up behind them and get the first attack. After very little practice learning the ins and outs of the battle sequence you can usually kill off most non-boss enemies without them getting a hit off. Again, good for the beginner and sort of pointless monotony for the experienced gamer. By far the worst part of the game was the story. If you can ignore that you have about 20-30 hours of fun, if not challenging, game play. I would recommend it to beginner RPGers and experienced RPGers that just can't get enough games under their belts.     