 I have been playing RPGs since I had to sneak into my father's office and tinker with stick figures through lined mazes on his Commodore 64. After all that gaming experience I can confidently say that Skies of Arcadia is without a doubt one of my ten favorite RPGs ever. Thank the Heavens that someone still knows how to make an RPG. I was beging to worry for awhile. If you have played any new "RPGs" recently you know what I mean. This is by far the best RPG for Dreamcast. Period. It has all the elements necessary for a great Role Playing Game: diverse enemies, a likeable cast, a solid storyline, new innovations, a element of strategy, and at times it is downright challenging. In addition, the game also has stunning graphics and a great soundtrack. (Bonuses not necessary for die-hard RPG gamers, but help make the game playable for everyone) The makers of "Skies" borrow from other classic RPGs. Things like airships, mode of character interaction, and epic villains show a heavy influence from such classics as the Final Fantasy series, Wizardry and Dragon Warrior to name only a few. However, instead of a "rip-off", "Skies" uses these more as influences the way a songwriter would use the Beatles or Kiss. I think it is great, the makers looked at past RPG's, saw what worked, and added to it. They did not try to reinvent the RPG, unlike some newer games. They stuck with a classic template and added their own creativity. It works wonderfully.  There are parts of the game (like Airship Battles) that are completely unique to "Skies". These aspects only add to an already magnificent game. Furthermore, the game is not easy. Not "not easy" in the way of annoying puzzles that are more stupid than "hard", but "not easy" in the way that the enemies are not pushovers. There is definitely some strategy involved in winning the major battles and losing is quite often a possibility. Now, the game isn't incredibly difficult, but many games today fall into the trap of being just too easy and it seems pointless to play. By no means will the average gamer need a strategy guide or other such aid to simply beat the game, but the game does keep you thinking and don't be surprised if you die a few times along the way. I did, and it pleases me immensely to say that. I am ecstatic that they made a game that at times the enemy can just get the best of you.(for a little while) The game has an incredible collection of enemies, all graphically superb. They throw all kinds of spells and bring multitudes of "friends" with them. By no means will you be bored fighting the same old enemies for hours.  There are many characters and villains as well. I won't lie to you, the villains are pure evil bent on taking over the world and the good guys all want to help each other and are trying to save the world. I know, how nice...but, it is a video game and not a plot twisting thriller. So the characters interact with each other quite nicely even though they are more or less predictable. (Even though there are surprises along the way) At times there is some limited cheesy dialogue and quirky "high-fiving" and "thumbs-uping", but not nearly enough to even notice unless you are looking for things to critique like I was. The best part of the game, in my opinion, is the Airship Battles. This is most likely because of how unique it is. The ship you travel on is, at times, like another member of your party. It is a fantastic idea and the graphics during the airship battles are awesome.  On a whole this is a game every Dreamcast owner must own. I own many games for Dreamcast including touted RPGs like D2, Silver, and Shenmue and none of them hold a candle to a true RPG the likes of Skies of Arcadia. This game, in fact, is the only true RPG now out for Dreamcast. It is well worth the price of admission.  You won't be disappointed picking it up.     