 Gangland -- or at least its literary environs -- hasn't been the same since the late Mario Puzo's "The Godfather" pumped a little ba-da-bing into the phrase "family saga."   Lorenzo Carcaterra`s "Gangster" is a rich tale about the rise of an Italian mobster, from his roots in turn-of-the-century Italy to the mean streets of New York City. By hook or crook -- mostly crook -- he rises to the highest echelons of the underworld and, having survived the bullets and mayhem, is dying rather ignominiously as an old man. And his likeliest successor is uncertain he wants to claim his iniquitous inheritance. Sound familiar? Well, fuhgeddaboudit. There's one word even the most astute reader will not find in "Gangster": Godfather. Puzo admitted he never met an "honest-to-God real-life gangster," but Carcaterra ate, drank and lived with them most of his life. The author of "Sleepers" and "Apaches" knows these wiseguys intimately, and he understands the public`s long-standing fascination with the Mafia. These characters are not denizens of his vivid and proven imagination; they were his friends and neighbors in Hell's Kitchen, the tough New York neighborhood where he grew up. The son of a convicted murderer didn't hang out with the kids of doctors and lawyers. The goodfellas of Carcaterra's youth weren't today's Russian mobsters and urban street gangs; the best of the Old World gangsters embraced friendship, loyalty and revenge as equally noble. And those very "qualities" have played a role in each of Carcaterra's books. His familiarity with the underworld, however peripheral, shines through in "Gangster." Yes, comparisons between Angelo Vestieri and Vito Corleone are inevitable, but they are different in significant ways, too.  "Gangster" is not "The Godfather." Both are eloquent works on the mob oeuvre. "Gangster" is more panoramic, an epic that embraces not only a handful of flawed men and women on the margins of society, but their time and place, too. "Gangster" is a story of fathers and sons, not just godfathers and guns. It is a complex morality play in which the reader occasionally roots for the villains and frowns upon the good guys. Carcaterra knows the underworld's rhythms and philosophy as well as he knows its dirty streets, rain-slicked piers and smoke-filled social clubs.  Gangland is Carcaterra's country.     