 Edward P. Jones was the first in his family to ever go to college -- an achievement that changed his life in a way he didn't expect. While studying at Holy Cross, Jones stumbled upon a startling fact: Not all slave-owners in the South had been white. Some were black. Raised proud in a familiar black tradition, it stung him. It also haunted him for 20 years, until he could use that single fact as the fascinating premise of his first novel, "The Known World."  "The Known World" orbits around Henry Townsend, a black farmer born into slavery.   Lest the gentle reader dismiss the premise as the product of a fevered imagination, black slave-owners really existed in pre-Civil War America. Free blacks in Virginia and a few other Southern states -- not many, mind you -- owned their own plantations and the slaves that made them profitable. Jones refers several times to a fictional, 19th century academic pamphlet on the subject of black slave-owners, but the pamphlet never really existed -- further muddling the sometimes ambiguous world Jones explores.  The only thing black and white about this remote corner of a newly imagined Virginia -- Jones's home state -- is the reader's anachronistic conviction that slavery was an abomination; most of the black characters in this novel are grayer in their beliefs. Jones's sometimes overly florid narrative dips in and out of time, disrupting rhythms and preconceptions, and provides the most charming technical and structural element of the story. One moment, the reader is mired in the absurdities and vicissitudes of the antebellum flesh trade, and the next he is telescoped to modern-day Richmond where the great-grandchild of a slave -- now a city councilwoman -- is naming the street for ancient forebears. And while Jones's occasionally baroque  prose makes crossing into "The Known World" slow-going, it is exactly its Biblical rhythms that lend depth to a story about profound moral confusion. The first hundred pages are more confusing than a thousand rhapsodic "begats" and can be sluggish, but the story meanders to a gentle, satisfying end.     