 Ever notice how mug shots these days never capture that special twinkle in a suspect's eye? Just ask Michael Jackson, Nick Nolte and James Brown. Well, it wasn't always that way. Once upon a time in America, police photos were almost glamorous. In fact, a star-struck small-town sheriff once posed with a beaming John Dillinger as if they were two frat boys at a college reunion. A good-looking criminal was a celebrity. Now James Carlos Blake tells their story through the eyes of one of the most charming and charismatic -- and least known -- of the Depression-era gangsters: "Handsome" Harry Pierpont. Blake's eight novel is a brilliant portrait of the real-life Pierpont, Dillinger`s bank-robbing partner, and other not-so-famous bandits who almost made bank robbery, gun molls and Tommy guns fashionable. The time, place and people all come alive through Blake. Told by Pierpont himself on the night before his 1934 execution, the novel has an appealing intimacy. Blake captures the outlaw cant perfectly, from psychopathic narcissism to jailhouse bravado to paranoid remorselessness. In short, the gutsy Blake mimics a true criminal marvelously while telling an alluring story.  Some of the myths are woven into Harry's tale, and some are only made delightfully more mysterious. For example, there's Dillinger's legendary, um, physical endowment -- a story that arises from a famous morgue photo which shows an enormous  protuberance under the bandit's death-sheet. Pierpont's story? He claims to be even more gifted than his partner in crime, which is why he was also nicknamed "Pete." Ah, the mythology is safe a while longer. "Handsome Harry" is not a departure for the seductively violent Blake, but a refinement. It still carries his trademark carnage, redolent sex and dry humor, but it is also a beguiling, hurtling digression into a new voice for Blake. It's not just first-person point-of-view, but it's crawling inside a character who really lived and re-building him from the inside out without disturbing the patina of legend that colors him. And it's all jake.     