 Larry Watson takes the less-traveled roads, through landscapes and heartscapes vaguely familiar, intensely poetic, always jangling.  From his breakout novel, "Montana 1948" -- which explores a family's disintegration when an uncle is accused of sexual abuse in a small town -- to his sixth and newest novel "Orchard," he has established himself as one of the leading poetic realists, painting his stories across the canvas of interiors: small-town America and the human heart. Weaver and Sonja's erotic, artistic relationship clearly harks back to the real-life coupling of American master Andrew Wyeth and his most famous model, Helga. But the reader is well-advised to acknowledge the similarities between art and life -- then forget it. "Orchard" is more. It is filled with characters who are as flawed as their surroundings and circumstances, and a landscape that is achingly painted. Watson's earlier works -- most notably "Montana 1948" and "White Crosses" -- have won the Milkweed Fiction Prize, a National Endowment for the Arts fellowship, the Mountain and Plains Booksellers Association Regional Award, and many other literary prizes. Publishers Weekly even predicted that if booksellers talk up "Orchard" it might match the commercial success of "Montana 1948," the book that put Watson on the literary map. But it's too bad that books as lyrical as "Orchard" and writers as starkly poetic as Watson must depend on the kindness of strangers to get the exposure they deserve in today's speed-obsessed marketplace, where character development and thoughtful prose are too-often considered poisonous. In American letters, the good old days of strong characters in dire human straits have dwindled to a handful of writers and books. Even so-called reality TV isn't real. Watson's real-life themes -- lust, self-absorption, jealousy, grief and loss -- will grab the reader's gut and twist it better than any cat detective, cynical ex-CIA operative or vampire terrorist.  One must simply venture down a road less traveled.     