 The sacred and the profane. Faith and eroticism. Earth-drying sunlight and earth-rending flood. Night and day. Heaven and Hell ... could any of them exist without their opposite? In her new novel, "The Last Report on the Miracles at Little No Horse," Louise Erdrich weaves the intricate and the uncomplicated into a story that is, by turns, extraordinarily tangled and beautifully concrete. Opposites dependent upon one another. Maybe it's because Erdrich writes in sacred circles. Families, generations, places, events and individual characters swirl among her various novels. The Turtle Mountain-Pembina Reservation, which sprawls across the Red River halfway into North Dakota -- the setting for "Love Medicine," "Tales of Burning Love" and other Erdrich tales -- is again the crucible where Erdrich re-mixes the lives of the Nanapush, Kashpaw, Morrissey, Mauser, Pillager, Lamartine and Lazarre families. In her work, you'll recognize Faulknerian rhythms: a northern plains Yoknapatawpha where the Sartorises, Snopeses and Compsons are known by Ojibwe names, where voices shift like sand. In circles where the literary air is more rarefied, Erdrich's juxtaposition of disparate concepts might be called *Manichean* -- relating to an ancient spiritual belief that life is governed by an endless battle between equally potent forces of good and evil, neither of which can ever annihilate the other. That's one way to look at it. But while her writing invites a number of interpretive methods and philosophies, it is Spartan and simply human, more Cather than Faulkner. In environs where landscape is less influential to life, readers might see only Manichean metaphors in rivers, forests and blizzards; in the West, it's just the way things are -- starkly contrasted depending on the time of day, the angle of sight, or the weather. The place that is good by day might be evil by dark. It is not just the stuff of Erdrich's writing, but her life, too. The pivotal event in "The Last Report" is a Dakota flood that not only sweeps Agnes away on the lid of a piano, but also represents her spiritual evolution -- her ordination, if you will -- into Father Damien. A heaven-sent event, delivered by the Muse of Metaphor into the fervid imagination of a writer in need of a symbol? In fact, it is a scene inspired by the 1997 flood on North Dakota's Red River. It is certainly an apt spiritual metaphor, but it is also a simple account of  how fortunes are so swift to change in the Western landscape. Pick your poison, dear reader: Mysticism or reality. They both work.    The part-Ojibwe Erdrich, like indigenous writers Sherman Alexie and Leslie Marmon Silko, deftly blends mysticism and dark humor in a complex, compassionate amalgam that, when burnished, not only reflects the Indian experience, but human existence in any color, at any moment in time.     