 The typical death toll in a contemporary thriller would populate a small city. Today's crime-fiction writers gleefully dispatch more souls than Forest Lawn, and rarely is anyone haunted by the carnage or the shadows.  The ghosts are thick in Rick Riordan's new thriller, "Cold Springs," but not because a lot of people die in a first few blood-splashed pages.  Quite the contrary. These ghosts -- like Riordan's cast of characters -- once had three-dimensional form and feelings, and they haunt the heart more than the noir-ish corners of rain-slicked clich. "Cold Springs" is Riordan's first stand-alone thriller, a departure from his Edgar- and Shamus-winning series featuring wise-cracking San Antonio private-eye Tres Navarre. While the Texas middle-school teacher has now returned to the character who first put him on the radar, "Cold Springs" shows he has the chops for more stylish prose in the headlong rush of a multi-level, rapidly twisting plot. Riordan's voice is smooth, accented with a South Texas drawl and punctuated by evocative imagery  -- hills that look like "scar tissue, swollen and raw and pink" or a voice that "stung like sleet." Such metaphor from the mouth of the irreverent Tres Navarre would elicit a Chandler-esque groan -- and often does -- but transplanted to a deeper story with more complex relationships and landscapes, it's not out of place. It's a matter of degree. "Cold Springs" doesn't portend a new trend toward literary thrillers, but it flirts with slightly more "character arc" -- the way a protagonist changes over the course of a story -- than most of today's purely plot-driven stuff. It ain't even so high up the tree that it will put off page-turning mystery fans who measure good "literature" by high body counts and bizarre ways to die. For them, Riordan supplies a steady stream of corpses and unusual wounds. But Riordan is a rising star in crime fiction and, with luck, will help the genre usher back strong plots with complex characters.     