 If walls could talk, would they tell stories of the past, present or future? While exploring Malta for "Ironfire," author David Ball rented a small room overlooking the Grand Harbor and its ancient battlements of St. Elmo and St. Angelo -- 16th century fortresses made legendary in the final conflict of the Crusades. "At night, when it's quiet enough, and if you're listening carefully," Ball says today, "you can still hear the walls [of the forts] whispering their tales." Perhaps they spoke to him of knights and pirates. Or perhaps something bigger: A world where West and Middle East might never set aside two millennia of discord. Ball's third novel is one of those sweeping historical epics that encompasses diverse cultures and decades in a part of the world -- and human affairs -- that is still scoured by the crosswinds of conflict. His history is concrete, but a novel is not merely a history textbook. It must engage the reader with characters, literally individual humans with dreams, losses, flaws, quests, regrets, fears, faith and misgivings. Pasternak did it. So did Clavell, Michener and Jean Auel. Comes now David Ball, who has built an action-packed, often erotic and always sensual epic-adventure around a handful of well-developed characters swept up in the maelstrom of 16th century holy wars between two different worlds. Merely developing three-dimensional characters in modern publishing is a rare notion; sustaining a reader's interest in them over nearly 700 pages is the literary equivalent of finding weapons of mass destruction in Baghdad. It might happen, but it's damned hard to do. But in 1552, there are no weapons of mass destruction. Battles are fought with blades, pikes, crude firearms, armor and horses. There is no such thing as an air war, and navies are powered by slaves and wind. There is no shock nor awe, only sieges that can last months or years. One of the truest tests of a good historical novel is how inextricably fiction entangles with fact. "Ironfire" is marbled with real historic figures such as the near-mythic Muslim pirate Dragut Rais; Jean Parisot de la Valette, the Grand Master of the Knights of St. John whose name was given to Malta's capital city; and even Father Jesuald, a heretic priest burned at the stake in Malta for advocating priestly marriages.  And infusing every action is the pungency of smoldering religious fires, not just Islam and Christianity, but Judaism, too. In that combustible mix of passions alone, Ball captures the essence of a modern catastrophe. If walls could talk, they'd eagerly tell their stories to Ball.     