 Blessed are peacemakers, for they say things like, "What difference does it make to the dead, the orphans and the homeless whether the mad destruction is wrought under the name of totalitarianism or the holy name of liberty and democracy?" Gandhi was right, of course, but what if the orphans and the homeless fought back? That's the premise of Lorenzo Carcaterra's new novel, "Street Boys," in which a ragged brigade of children rises up against a cold-blooded enemy in World War II. "Street Boys" is a departure from Carcaterra's engaging but darker stories about crime and punishment on New York's meanest streets. But like the best-selling "Sleepers," "Apaches," "A Safe Place" and "Gangster," it's bound by the threads of survival and rootless youth. This isn't Hell's Kitchen or the Bronx, though. It's no man's land: bombed-out Naples in 1943. Among the last people in the evacuated city are lost, abandoned children whose only goal is to survive another day. Survival transforms them into fierce commandos, facing a Nazi tank division sent to demolish the ancient Italian city before Allied armies arrive. The sadistic orders from Hitler himself: If the city can't belong to the Fhrer, it will belong to no one. When Cpl. Steve Connors, a 25-year-old American soldier assigned to scout the city ahead of Gen. George Patton's advance, gets cut off from his own unit, he finds new comrades among Naples' young resistance fighters. Armed with salvaged guns, unexploded German bombs and their own ingenuity, Connors and his army of children are determined to deflect the Nazis and save the city -- or die. But Carcaterra has seldom made conflict easy. His good guys are often a little bad, and his bad guys are sometimes gifted with endearing, even redeeming, qualities. In our real world, such complexities are a fact of life; in commercial fiction, it's rare. Carcaterra's ambitious cast of characters is deftly drawn. Vincenzo Soldari, a 16-year-old history buff determined to follow in his ancestors' footsteps, is the real leader of the children's army. He's helped by Carlo Maldini, a middle-aged drunkard desperate to redeem himself, and his daughter Nunzia, a ferocious guerrilla who falls in love with the American GI who comes to their aid. Carcaterra is working on the screenplay of "Street Boys," to be directed by Oscar-winner Barry Levinson. The book lends itself to good cinema: intricate characters, underdogs facing insurmountable odds, a desperate mission and lots of explosions -- the stuff of our best American war movies, from "For Whom the Bell Tolls" to "Saving Private Ryan." No less complex than World War II novels by Norman Mailer and James Jones, "Street Boys" explores a different perspective on the war, and rides a fast-paced plot toward a heroic ending. The end of the war and the Allied invasion of Italy are well-known, but it is the transformation of characters along the way that defines the quality of historical fiction. In "Street Boys," Carcaterra paints a vivid portrait of children at war, not as its helpless victims, but fighting back.     