 It's funny how authors invest the very act of writing with a kind of sweet magic, whether to exorcise demons, or merely to kink history by telling the way it should have been.   Now Jim Fergus, one of the West's premier literary storytellers, has undertaken the resurrection of a long-dead Indian child, and given her the history he wishes she'd had - not the painful truth of her existence.   "The Wild Girl" is, in every respect, a historical novel, inspired by several true stories. Fergus embroiders his tale with enough threads of truth (and a healthy bibliography) that it resonates with authenticity, but the heart and soul of the story are equal parts of Fergus' hope and imagination. And it's a little prayer that somehow the truth can truly be rewritten.   Fergus is a poetic writer, but not a florid one. His gift is in simple prose, vivid action and human stories. Like other literary writers of the West, the landscape and climate loom large as distinct characters that color the hearts, minds and actions of the human players. For the money and genre, Fergus is as good a storyteller   as Kent Haruf, William Kittredge, Ivan Doig and Thomas McGuane, and with Mark Spragg and others, represents the next wave of gifted regional authors.   (And for those fans of Fergus' columns and nonfiction, a sad note: His faithful yellow Labrador Sweetzer, a fixture in Fergus' 1999 road-essay book, "The Sporting Road," died in 2003.)   This new novel's journal structure, punctuated by third-person segments from other points of view, is an authorial minefield, but Fergus tiptoes through it skillfully. While telling his story in the journal structure might have been safer, it also would have mirrored the structure of "One Thousand White Women." The current commercialism of publishing notwithstanding, who can blame an author for not wanting to repeat himself?   Moreover, who can blame an author for wanting to rewrite an unpleasant history? "The Wild Child" is a tragic life seen through a prism of time, heartbreak   and distance, and the light has been refracted into something poignant and spiritual.       