 The state in the title of Barry Gifford's "Wyoming" is not the Cowboy State, but a state of mind. To the mother and son traveling together by car in the 1950s -- not on one trip but a series of trips over several  years -- Wyoming represents sanctuary. It's a place where one can hide and  never be found, where horses run in the open country and cool breezes blow,  a good place to have a dog. But they never go. Instead, Roy and his  mother Kitty stick to the main roads, exploring swamps, roach-infested  motels, Civil War graveyards and greasy spoons on the Gulf Coast. The  purposes of their desultory journeys are not always clear, sometimes  hurtling toward a shabby liaison, sometimes unfolding in the slow  aimlessness of "concertina locomotion." The reader seldom knows  the real destination, although the route always runs through an ambiguous  landscape of lost dreams and poignant hopes. The 34 vignettes sketch the  bare outlines of Roy and Kitty, abandoned in Florida by an absent father  with apparent mob ties. Roy dreams of being a baseball player, or an  architect, or a fisherman; Kitty dreams of survival. *How* mother and son  survive is never known, although the reader can deduce that Kitty  occasionally leaves their various motel rooms at night. The rhythms of  the conversation are remarkably true and, although a story told completely  in dialogue runs a very narrow gauge, the talk is keen and occasionally  deeply poetic, such as this moment when young Roy talks about the human  spirit: "Your soul flies away like a crow when you die and hides in  a cloud. When it rains that means the clouds are full of souls and some of  'em are squeezed out. Rain is the dead souls there's no more room for in  heaven." "Did Nanny tell you this, Roy?" "No, it's  just something I thought." "Baby, there's no way I'll ever  think about rain the same way again."  In the end, Roy and his  mother speed past too quickly. We see them for a moment, and they are gone.  No time for questions and, although it appears they never get to Wyoming,  the reader is left hoping -- not knowing -- they found a place to land.     