 What comes after 100 years of solitude? Literarily speaking, one would hope, a new start. That start is well under way: A new Latin literary movement that eschews the illusions of magical realism to tell stories set squarely in a world that's both familiar and alien at the same time -- on two continents. And Edmundo Paz Soldan's new English edition of "The Matter of Desire" is not only the latest, but maybe the most commercial work from this intriguing genre. Barely 37, Paz Soldan is already an important literary figure in Bolivia. And in the process of becoming one of Latin America's rising literary stars, he's become a leading figure in that continent's newest literary movement. Earlier this year, Oprah anointed Gabriel Garcia Marquez's 1970 classic "100 Years of Solitude," and introduced her book-buying hordes to magical realism. The groundbreaking novel is set in the fictional village of Macondo, a rural environment populated and/or haunted by ever-present spirits. The result was poetic prose that slipped effortlessly between the natural and supernatural. But kids will be kids. In the 1990s, young Chilean novelist Alberto Fuguet led other Latin American Gen-X writers in a new direction. Their stories often have one foot on each American continent, embracing rather than denying the inextricable entanglement of North and South American cultures. They abandoned the bucolic settings of the interior for more urban, hip context where McDonald's, iMacs, and MP3s are more pervasive than ghosts of the past. Thus, with a tongue-in-cheek homage to Marquez's Macondo, the new literary movement became known as "McOndo."  Like Paz Soldan's protagonist, McOndo writers are often suspended between Americas, between their sometimes sordid history and their urbane future. Their characters are often proud Latin Americans who have succumbed to the North American siren song. Their settings span both continents, too. Their neo-realism is edgy, erotic, virtual and cool. What it *isn't* is exotic and metaphysical. It is evolutionary, not revolutionary. In "The Matter of Desire," Paz Soldan explores the concrete obsessions of love and sex, fathers and sons, literature and word puzzles, past and future, place and dislocation. Besides exploring a hip "new" storytelling model, Paz Soldan tells a story with fascinating twists and turns. It's also a complex love story marbled with political suspense, erotic fascination, and a sense that we are all tethered to a parallel existence in a different place and time. It's a real context for many Latin Americans with intimate ties to El Norte, including Paz Soldan.     