 By his own reckoning, Larry McMurtry is past his literary prime. Nearly 12 years after a heart bypass surgery plunged him into an abyss of depression, and 17 years beyond his Pulitzer Prize-winning magnum opus, Lonesome Dove, McMurtry has not evaded that single harshest criticism of his fiction: His own. He knows hes not in top form and he admits it. In his autobiographical Walter Benjamin at the Dairy Queen, he revealed two things, one intentional, one not: He considers himself only a shadow of what he once was, the greatest western novelist of his generation. The second, unintentional revelation? His non-fiction of the past decade has far surpassed his fiction.  Comes now The Wandering Hill, sequel to Sin Killer and second in a four-part series about a the eccentric and dysfunctional Berrybender family and its motley coterie -- British nobles in search of adventure, big-game hunting and sex -- as they explore the virgin West of the 1830s. For historical-fiction readers, and especially for fans of the Lewis and Clark era, McMurtry populates this book with supporting characters straight out of Western legend: real-life mountain men Kit Carson, Jim Bridger, Tom Fitzpatrick and Hugh Glass, Scottish adventurer William Drummond Stewart, frontier artists George Catlin and Karl Bodmer, trader William Ashley, and Pomp Charbonneau, the son of Sacagawea. Partly because The Wandering Hill ends, in effect, only halfway through the saga, its denouement is underwhelming. The Berrybender adventures are plucked from various unrelated historical accounts. Considered separately, they illustrate the moments of terror the frontier likely held, but the trip often seems as aimless as the Berrybenders journey through unexplored territory. Its difficult to know whether the Berrybenders are ultimately headed to a geographical Eden or some abstract encounter with destiny, or both. One might look at this saga as a kind of western serial, but The Wandering Hill doesnt close at the edge of a cliff, rather on less dramatic footing. If McMurtrys tetralogy follows its pre-ordained literary path -- a tetralogy is four related literary works, traditionally three tragedies followed by a comedy -- the destination might be more interesting than the journey. Sin Killer and The Wandering Hill, with their promise of more to come, feel a lot like historical fluff floating on a wayward breeze. Like Larry McMurtry himself, the Berrybender narratives pale by comparison to earlier greatness. Tasmin Berrybender is no Gus McCrae and Jim Snow is no Sam the Lion.     