 As the third installment of Larry McMurtry's four-part frontier epic -- "a story of love, passion and death" -- hits stands, many readers are wondering if the Berrybender Narratives are really Old World farces wrapped in a buffalo robe, or merely a confabulation of odd characters acting out an exceedingly long matinee on the vast stage of the West. To be honest, it's not easy to tell. While some scenes in "By Sorrow's River" -- part three in the tetralogy that started with "Sin Killer" and "The Wandering Hill" -- are occasionally absurd and hilarious, others are grisly and exceedingly violent. So maybe it's unwise to pigeon-hole these three books as simply "farce" or "western epic."  Nor is it clear if McMurtry is pushing the limits of modern commercial storytelling, or just churning out a long story filled with an extraordinary collection of characters who don't intimately engage. Nonetheless, "By Sorrow's River," continues the saga of the assertive and independent Lady Tasmin Berrybender as her peculiar British family continues on a western expedition in the 1830s, the days of trappers, scalpers and traders. In this segment, the action all takes place between a Green River rendezvous in the Rockies and Mexico. Still, while the character elements of a first-class farce are in place, the story simply doesn't unfold farcically. It's not even a very good western saga, when one considers its author previously told the greatest western epic ever in "Lonesome Dove." The simultaneous beauty and menace of the western landscape is not as integral, for one. How awful for an artist to have set the bar too high too soon! So if book reviews are essential consumer advocacy, a conclusion is not difficult: If you liked "Sin Killer" and "The Wandering Hill," you'll find "By Sorrow's River" as delightful as a third helping of dessert. If you didn't, you'll likely not find anything to kindle your interest here. And if you haven't read any of them, don't start with the third installment, for heaven's sake. This book's strength is in its rapidly unfolding action, but its characters are nowhere near as deftly drawn nor as sympathetic -- nor even as entertaining -- as such icons as Gus McCrae, Aurora Greenway or Sonny Crawford. Tasmin Berrybender is the most fully developed, but remains less engaging.  An author's characters needn't supercede their forebears, but it's difficult to explain if a consummate character-builder like McMurtry suddenly isn't turning out legendary characters any more.     