 A long, long time ago - when we still argued whether Babe Ruth or Roger Maris held the single-season home-run record - a little book circulated like a whisper among true fans of baseball and its prose.   By 1982, Roger Angell, Paul Gallico and Tom Boswell had already been dangled like stars in the twilight heavens of baseball literature, but this new little novel told us some-thing about baseball they hadn't. It slid head-first into the incalculable depth of memory and dreams about a sport defined too often by esoteric calculations. In short, "Shoeless Joe" by W.P. Kinsella captured the pure, lump-in-the-throat intimacy of fathers playing catch with sons.  In a very short time, it came pouring out, all the poetry, metaphor and sensuality of base-ball. It was like a literary tarp being dragged across the field of American letters by pa-tient, undaunted groundskeepers whose only job was to keep baseball fiction forever green and unmuddied. The life-imitates-baseball genre provided reading material for little-boy right-fielders who'd grown into love-handled ESPN addicts, as well as the scripts for several Kevin Costner movies.  But nobody captured Kinsella's original and literally fantastic brand of magical realism, where the ghosts of legendary players could play in an Iowa cornfield, or a 2,000-inning Cubs game of mythic proportions could go unrecorded by history.   Until now.   Howard Frank Mosher, one of the most versatile and funny American storytellers since Mark Twain, grew up playing Little League and town ball. On summer nights when the Red Sox played the Yankees, his father and uncle would drive him to a nearby mountaintop, where the play-by-play radio signal was clearer.  So it's probably as natural as outfield grass at Fenway Park that Mosher has written his ninth book about baseball. But as Mosher himself admits, "Waiting for Teddy Williams" is about baseball in the way that "A River Runs Through It" is about fly-fishing.  "Waiting" is more clear-eyed than Kinsella's gauzy and poetic "Shoeless Joe," but equally poignant. Both pluck the chords that resonate with lovers of old-time baseball, who see larger-than-life ballplayers like Ty Cobb, Joe DiMaggio and Ted Williams through the fun-house mirror of memory. That is, larger than larger-than-life.   But for all its echoes of Kinsella, Mosher's blend of quirky characters, contemporary mythology, and mischievous prose is utterly original and entertaining. One needn't be a die-hard baseball fan to enjoy this story, but if you know the difference between a "knuckler" and a "slider" - and the smell of new-mown outfield grass or the taste of sandlot dust - you'll probably read this book then tuck it safely on a shelf beside baseball classics such as "The Boys of Summer" and "The Pride of the Yankees." It's that good.  In "Waiting for Teddy Williams," Mosher has stolen home as a consummate humorist - proving his uproariously funny 2003 Lewis-and-Clark satire, "The True Account," wasn't just a checked-swing triple.   OK, enough baseball puns. But "Waiting" is not just a funny book. It's about faith, fam-ily, common happiness, persistence and the trick of dreaming out loud. As every long-suffering Red Sox fan knows: Ya gotta believe.     