 Only 10 pages had turned before the gorgonzola was rolling around in my gob again, three years since it went in, and I pondered how the only thing worse than reading James Joyce is reading other writers trying to write like James Joyce.  On one April day in 2000 I sat  in Davy Byrne's pub on Dublin's Duke Street, sharing a gorgonzola sandwich with the ghost of Leopold Bloom and chasing Joyce's "ineluctable modality of the visible," which was invisible. Perhaps it was the Liffey fog or the Guinness. And, by the hazy way, I was proudly becoming one of only 74 people worldwide who have actually finished "Ulysses," an experimental story based on an ancient story. Don DeLillo is apparently another. His new odyssey-come-lately, "Cosmopolis," is an ode to Joyce in a new key, but an old cant. It resonates with the same disjunctive, unsettling rhythm of Joyce's 1922 novel, but lacks the texture, orality and genuine humanity. But take heart: It's easier to read -- DeLillo is a consummate master of poetic language -- and it's shorter by hundreds of pages.  DeLillo's cast of characters rivals Joyce's, too. Packer's day begins when he bumps into his newlywed bride of 22 days, an aloof poet-heiress, in traffic. He continues his odyssey with various paramours and business advisers (and sometimes the line between them is very vague, indeed), a doctor who examines his asymmetrical prostate in the backseat of the limo, his stump-necked security chief who worries an assassin lurks around every corner and ... well, an assassin lurking around the corner. Compare and contrast: Joyce's hero, advertising salesman Leopold Bloom, sets out across Dublin on a June day in 1904, a deliberate spoof of mythology wrapped in social realism. "I've put in so many enigmas and puzzles that it will keep the professors busy for centuries," James Joyce once crowed about "Ulysses." That didn't stop Aldous Huxley from calling it "one of the dullest books ever written." One college English professor described his time with "Ulysses" this way: "It was like having a rib ripped out of my body, being beaten with it, raped with it, and then being forced to eat it."  So why regurgitate this book based upon the most familiar story in human history, Homer's Odyssey? While it helps to know the Joyce's "Ulysses" was intended to be a comedy -- albeit a "comedy" only in the tragic Irish sense of the word -- it is one of the most famous books never read. Comes now Don DeLillo, a National Book Award and PEN/Faulkner winner, with his redux of a redux of an endlessly redone original. DeLillo is no Joyce, which is probably good. He's also no Vonnegut, whose four- and five-dimensional characters are far more engaging and intimate as they traverse similar parallel universes. DeLillo is pushing the hidebound limits of commercial fiction in 2003 much the same as Joyce did 80 years ago. For that, he deserves praise. "Cosmopolis" is nothing if not challenging, thought-provoking and utterly different. One hopes DeLillo wrote it as a comedy, too. But there is simply no single significant character who engages the reader. Every one is emotionally armored, self-absorbed, insane or seemingly incapable of redemption. Packer is promiscuous, greedy, selfish, brusque, dishonest and cold -- and those are his good qualities.  On the other hand, if you are among the other 73 readers, besides me, who actually survived Joyce's "Ulysses," you will grasp the far deeper contexts and mysteries of "Cosmopolis" than the poor mope who finds it under "Foreign Exchange Markets" in the library card file and thinks it's an international money thriller.     