 Paradise isn't lost in Claire Davis's debut novel, "Winter Range" -- but it's damn cold and likely a good day's ride east of Eden, Montana. Her setting is a frozen Hell in the New West, "a vast, ice-locked landscape" savaged by an unrelenting winter. Her characters are  titanically common folks engaged in a power struggle for love , independence, redemption and the future in a windswept, eastern Montana town. And her plot is as old as Genesis, or at least Milton's version of it: a fallen hellion who pursues an imperfect woman's heart and mind as a way to regain his equilibrium, while her virtuous husband struggles to understand and control the world around him.  But "Winter Range" is its own story, fresh and provocative. Ike Parsons is a small-town sheriff  with a reputation for fairness, common sense, and kindness, but an outsider whose roots haven't yet sunk deep enough in Montana's soil. Like most folks in town, he knows Chas Stubblefield has fallen on hard times in the bleak winter, but the profound horror of it doesn't come clear until he sees Stubblefield's ranch on a bitterly cold night: starving cattle and horses freezing where they stand, grotesque mounds of snow hiding the carcasses of the dead. When he returns in the light of day to offer help, he finds a brooding Stubblefield near bankruptcy, living off the meat of his dying herd, too angry to see a way out and too proud to accept help. Chas is blinded to his own failings as a rancher. Bankers and suppliers have cut off his credit, and Chas's venom for them is poisoning his mind. "Better to reign in Hell," Milton said in a passage favored by the troubled Chas, "than to serve in Heaven." Between them is Pattiann Parsons, Ike's young, headstrong wife.  She's a local ranch girl with a rebellious streak and a promiscuous past, which includes a sexual relationship with Chas -- a small detail she's hidden from her husband. She sees neither a devil nor a saint in Chas, and while remaining loyal to her husband, she surrenders to a perverse, nostalgic compassion for her one-time lover. Embittered by her father's decision to cede the family ranch to her brother, Pattiann still has strong ties to the land -- and all the human conflicts that arise from it. Davis's literary ethos rivals Larry Watson, Kent Haruf and Ivan Doig. And "Winter Range" might be an even more poetic example of the new Western literature, in which landscape, climate and the earth make an indelible mark upon the human character. Its vivid details -- nicks in the local tavern's bar from eager silver dollars, the warm numbness inflicted by a rifle's recoil against a man's shoulder, the stinking steam rising from a hungry coyote's mangy back --  prove Davis is a writer who both embraces and transcends the boundaries of Western regional literature. Davis is earthy and as expansive as the Big Sky itself, but still poetic and evocative.     