 Mystery writers need a closed room. Not for writing privacy, but to regulate the flow of suspects in and out of a murder scene.  Odd as it sounds, Wyoming is just a big closed room, a boundless place where nobody comes or goes without being noticed. That quality - plus its peculiarities of landscape, attitude and history - makes it a perfect place for murder. Margaret Coel is the doyenne of contemporary Wyoming mysteries (although a Colorado writer) with her Wind River intrigues, the Agatha Christie of the Big Empty. Author C.J. Box has thrown one more Wyoming mystery on the stack, but with a difference: He knows Wyoming the way a life-long native knows it. His debut, "Open Season," rings true as it gallops over the rugged terrain of environmentalism, small-town politics, outlander greed and exploitation so common to Wyoming. And when Box describes the real landscape of this almost-mythical state, you can rest assured it's dead on.  Box's prose is most trenchant, of course, when he's writing about Wyoming. Landscape is not just the territory of the West's literary prose, but it can be found in the region's category fiction, too, proving just as important to genre tales as mainstream. Box nails the taste and smell of the place, and in the process, creates a sensory experience that can be rare in fast-paced, plot-driven crime fiction - without stalling the plot. He finds a way to weave the mysteries of landscape into the larger mystery at hand. The book's inclusion of excerpts from the Endangered Species Act probably doesn't warm anybody's cockles, except very perverse enviro-lawyers. But those deadly segments tend to serve as frontispieces for chapters and are not critical to the narrative, so are easily skipped.  It's obvious why "Open Season" has such an easy grasp of the Cowboy State: Box has been a Wyoming ranch hand, fishing guide, survey crewman, small-town newspaper reporter and a high-level tourism executive - all before becoming CEO of a Cheyenne corporation that promotes Rocky Mountain tourism in Europe. When he describes the sound of a bullet slamming into meat, he knows how it sounds. And when he describes a claustrophobic high-country canyon where it's possible to touch both walls, it's because he's been there.     