 When last we saw Tres Navarre, he was busting up the heroin trade in San Antonio's West Side and considering a more challenging job as a medieval studies professor. Luckily for fans of contemporary crime thrillers, Navarre chose dark alleys over the Dark Ages, and he's back after a three-year sabbatical.  Rick Riordan's new "South Town" heralds Navarre's return after publishing his stand-alone thriller "Cold Springs" last year. And the action picks up at the same pace it left off. The promise of confronting a killer that even killers fear is how Riordan coaxed his popular protagonist out of literary retirement. "Cold Springs," was his fourth book, but his first without Navarre. Having won crime-fiction's Triple Crown (the Edgar, Shamus and Anthony awards) on the strength of the Tres Navarre series, it was a wise move for Riordan, who in real life is a mild-mannered teacher at an upscale private junior high school in San Antonio. Not that "Cold Springs" was a clunker -- it wasn't. But Navarre is truly one of hard-boiled crime fiction's most complex and sarcastic sleuths since Phillip Marlowe. But while Marlowe wasn't especially cuddly, Navarre holds both black belt in karate and a Ph.D. in English from Berkeley.  And "South Town" -- a localism for the down-side neighborhoods of San Antonio -- runs faster than a Texas road-runner on August asphalt as it hurtles through the diverse worlds of human trafficking, homicide cops and one-hundred-year floods. Riordan populates it with a delightfully motley cast, from widow-raping perverts to a shady pawnshop owner turned stay-at-home dad -- and a third-grade soccer team. As usual, Riordan careens through his Gordian plot only to add a final, thought-provoking twist that no sane reader sees coming. Riordan's Navarre is tough to beat, mentally or physically: His wise-cracking is as abundant as his skull-cracking. A Tres Navarre thriller inspires as many laughs as gasps. Any reader who waits impatiently for every new Dave Robichaux or Stephanie Plum mystery can add Riordan to his to-be-read list. He's one of the real artists in the world of neo-noir, where a private-eye can politely question an outlaw by splashing his face with fajitas -- then go out the next morning and coach a youth-league under-10 soccer team.     