 "For Whom the Bell Tolls" was the first Hemingway I ever read.  I was a high school kid in the early 1970s, working on my campus newspaper, newly graduated from Jack London but not yet ready for Jack Kerouac.   To  my young eyes, it was a good action story:  Robert Jordan, the passionate  American teacher joins a band of armed gypsies in the Spanish Civil War.   He believes one man can make a difference.  The whole novel covers just 68  hours, during which Jordan must find a way to blow up a key bridge behind  enemy lines.  In that short time, Jordan also falls in love with Maria, a  beautiful Spanish woman who has been raped by enemy soldiers.  The whole  spectrum of literature was refracted through the prism of my youth: Good  guys and bad guys, sex and blood, life and death.  For me, just a boy, the  journey from abstraction to clarity was only just beginning. Re-reading  "For Whom the Bell Tolls" at 42 (roughly the age Hemingway was  when he published it), I have lost my ability to see things clearly in  black and white.  My vision is blurred by irony, as I note that two  enemies, the moral killer Anselmo and the sympathetic fascist Lieutenant  Berrendo, utter the very same prayer.  For the first time, I see that the  book opens with Robert Jordan lying on the "pine-needled floor of the  forest" and closes as he feels his heart pounding against the  "pine needle floor of the forest"; Jordan ends as he begins,  perhaps having never really moved.  I certainly could never have seen at 16  how dying well might be more consequential than living well.  And somehow  the light has changed in the past 26 years, so that I now truly understand  how the earth can move. As a teen, I missed another crucial element, even  though Vietnam was still a seeping wound.  Three pivotal days in Jordan's  life force him to question his own role in a futile war.  He wonders if   dying for a political cause might be too wasteful, but he ultimately  believes that dying to save another individual is a man's most heroic act.   The book's title is taken from John Donne's celebrated poem: "No  man is an Iland ... and therefore never send to know for whom the bell  tolls; It tolls for thee." It was not about loneliness and aloneness,  as I once had thought, but about the seamless fabric of all life:  What  happens to one happens to all.  I am not blind to Hemingway's flaws.  He  was a good short writer, and what was short was almost always better.  Pilar's tale on the mountainside has been widely acclaimed as the most  powerful of Hemingway's prose.  Her story within a story is nothing less  than a contemporary myth. "For Whom the Bell Tolls" has also  been regarded as Hemingway's capitulation to critics who barked that his  innovative style was too lean, and as a consciously commercial exercise for  which Hollywood might (and did) pay handsomely.  Robert Jordan, in so many  respects, was a tragic mythical hero in the vein of Achilles, Gawain and  Samson.  "For Whom the Bell Tolls" ranks as one of the great  American war novels in a country that has always struggled with the concept  of good and bad wars.     