 For anyone old enough to know the difference between Joe and Jenny McCarthy, the vernacular of Homeland Security might seem like deja vu all over again, merely substituting the word "terrorist" in the verbal cranny formerly occupied by "communist." And while Barry Lopez certainly doesn't argue the clear and present danger real terrorists pose to Americans, he goes to great lengths in "Resistance" -- neither a novel nor short-story collection, but a fictional dossier of distress -- to point out the cure might be almost as abhorrent as the pox. It is nine personal tales of disaffection, pain and flight. A blinded Vietnam veteran grapples with the horror of war and his own participation in it. A lame carpenter wandering through India meets some attackers with uncommon ferocity and his existence is transformed. A young woman contemplates ancient ways and human evolution on a camel trek across an Asian desert.  Each fictional autobiographical essay -- also presumably left in plain sight as the writer flees a different foreign city ahead of faceless American authorities -- is accompanied by a haunting monotype by artist Allen Magee. The imaginative blend of words and art, especially the wounded faces of Magee's unique portraits, is rare in fiction and, in this case, evocative. For all its imaginative value, "Resistance" is not above a few small criticisms.  Primarily, the passionate and post-modern Lopez -- the National Book Award-winning author of "Arctic Dreams" and "Light Action in the Caribbean" -- doesn't differentiate the voices of his nine characters enough to give them the uniqueness of humanity. They all seem to share Lopez's voice, and as singular as it is, the reader encounters them more as nine version of the same individual rather than nine distinctive people. Moreover, while most have extraordinary moments of personal discovery, they all come off as occasionally self-obsessed, overthinking and understimulated depressives. If the vanguard of a new utopia is led by people like these, somebody better remember to pack the Prozac.  Nonetheless, Lopez's writing is as stunningly original as his passion. The sheer poetry of his storytelling alone is worth the effort it would take to read this modestly slim volume.     