 If Wyoming poet James Galvin's "Fencing the Sky" were the last Western novel ever written, the genre would have come full circle: A melodrama in which violence is righteous if committed in the name of  protecting the good folks who scratch out a meager existence in an  unconquerable landscape. The plot is a timeworn Western motif: Greed  versus idealism. But the book itself, intentionally or not, is a unique  artifact of Western consciousness and environment. Its moments of lyric  natural beauty -- and there are many -- are occasionally obscured by  old-fashioned doctrinaire preachiness, like the ageless mountains behind  Denver's brown cloud. Something funny happened on the way to the ranch, and  we have forgotten that the now-romanticized ranchers and cowboys who  settled this country were, in many ways, no less exploitive and ambitious  than the developers who have now replaced railroad barons as the bad guys  in regional fiction. It wasn't all that long ago that the bad guys in our  stories were the guys who built fences and shot sheepherders. The landscape  of Western literature doesn't change, only the good guys and the bad  guys. kay, it's a lot easier to mourn the loss of Western culture than  the throttling of the two-dimensional bad guy Merriweather Snipes, but  Galvin takes the melodrama to an extreme: The "good" guy -- in  this case, a murderer -- ultimately faces no social consequence for his  law-breaking. True, it's a book about violence and greed, but it justifies  almost anything as long as the land is protected. And there's a paper-thin  line between passion and rage. The malignant Snipes never breaks the law,  he just has values (admittedly reptilian) that collide with Mike Arans's.  The West is wild, to be sure, but do we really want to believe that  violence in the service of one man's sense of virtue is  permissible? Galvin's "The Meadow" was one of the most  beautiful and enchanting books to be written in or about the West in the  past 10 years, and is arguably among the three best books about Wyoming  ever. "Fencing the Sky" is just the latest in the burgeoning  genre of Western literature exploring the delicate relationship between  landscape and how it suffers modern human activity. Ivan Doig's  "Mountain Time" and Larry McMurtry's memoir, "Walter  Benjamin at the Dairy Queen," are sturdier explorations of the state  of the Western landscape, but neither captures the poetic puzzle of the  place as well as Galvin.     