 In her debut novel, "Hummingbird House," Patricia Henley explored a flawed woman's humanity and how the choices she made echo throughout her life. Now in "Worship of the Common Heart," a new collection of 19 earthy stories Henley has written over the past 20 years, the reader traverses the fertile ground from which "Hummingbird House" sprang: The complexities of a woman's heart. Her characters are complex and common, some strong, some down-and-out, and the events in their lives are as momentous as the flapping of a butterfly's wings, which , of course, might change the course of history. And like waiting for history to unfold fully, the reader who expects to find resolution in these stories will wait forever. These are women we know. Each of them wants something, maybe not much ... but something. A daughter who seeks her mother to deliver news of her estranged father's death, but finds a broken heart. A young mother has an epiphany about life and love at the very moment she delivers a child. An older woman who prefers younger men finds unexpected joy in an unlikely place. A lonely mother and wife in an Alaskan tour-fishing camp sees her flirtatious teen-age daughter as both a savior and a rival. A young nun vacations with her wild sister and learns about worship. One such woman is Kit Ruckerson, the narrator of "Aces." She's a bit of human flotsam drifting downstream in life. After an adult lifetime of wrong choices, she is marooned in bleak Bozeman, Mont., with her toddler son (fresh from a foster home) and her one-legged ne'er-do-well husband (fresh from jail after being busted for operating a meth lab in a horse barn). It's Thanksgiving, the family is destitute, sleeping in a borrowed garage and eating from a Salvation Army charity basket while Dad shares a few hits of hash with a buddy. As Kit mooches for money from her mother, she feels like a she's "locked in my life like a child in a closet." But she's hardly a sympathetic creature. She's merely coming to terms with the excesses of her life: " ... a woman does not find out who she'll be or what life will be like until she has a child. And for most women, having a child is like having all the windows in your house painted shut forever. Liberty is my oldest -- thirteen. She lives in Pocatello with her Dad, who's been through several reincarnations -- surfer, computer repairman, snowplow driver. Liberty was pure accident, as I believe so many babies are, even now."  It was "Hummingbird House" that established her as a rising literary star last year when it was a finalist for the National Book Award. The achievement was rare for two reasons: "Hummingbird House" was a first novel, and it was published by a small house, MacMurray & Beck in Denver. (Perhaps even more remarkable, MacMurray & Beck -- not one of the larger houses that tend to cherry-pick promising writers from independent houses -- will publish Henley's next full-length novel next year.) Henley's prose is powerful and honest, her characters sensual and complex. These vignettes are glimpses into a complex heart.     