 Christina Aguilera sets herself apart from singers like Britney Spears is that she is an amazing vocalist. She can actually sing and has great vocal range. Christina Aguilera is right up there with singers such as Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston. Her songs are very original and mature. It takes some teen pop female singers an album or two later to mature but Christina doesn't waste any time. Here is my review of her album. Genie in a Bottle- this single is what set her off to superstardom. It is a really playful and almost but not quite naughty song. 5 stars What A Girl Wants- a great song that lets all those guys out there know what a girl really wants and how she should be treated 5 stars I Turn To You- this song has such an amazing message. This song can really apply to anyone who has someone that they hold dear to their heart wether a mother or a lover. It is so beautiful and Christinas vocals are so strong and beautiful on this song. 5 stars So Emotional- a song that describes and loved and all the mixed feelings it can give a person 5 stars Come On Over(All I Want Is You)- another great upbeat and playful song by Christina. This is a great song to play at parties.The remix to this song is so much better. 5 stars Reflection- a very sweet and touching ballad. This song was from the Mulan soundtrack originally but is a great addition to her album. 5 stars Love For All Seasons- the lyrics to this song are very original "I'll be your rain in your summer, the chill in your fall, I'll be watcha want anything at all, I've got a love for all seasons, a love for all times" Superb song! 5 stars Somebody's Somebody- a very sweet and sad song. It's about someone who is alone and is still searching for their love or soulmate. I can really relate to that. 5 stars When You Put Your Hands On Me- one of Christinas naughty songs. It is not so much sexual, but sensual in a way. Awesome! 5 stars Blessed- a beautiful song, it seems as though it's a different version of I Turn To You. 5 stars Love Will Find A Way- the beginning of this song almost sounds like a beginning to a Mariah Carey song. Very upbeat tempo and romantic. 5 stars Obvious- a very haunting and sweet song. what more can I say. 5 stars All in all Christina is such a talented singer, dancer an performer. She is one of those artists that I know we will see 10 years from now.Christina Aguilera isn't going anywhere people, so get used to it.     