 This album by far is Christina Aguilera's best album yet. She has completely moved from the whole bubblegum pop scene and matured both as a woman and professionally in her music. Her songs are not the normal mix of cliche songs about romance and love instead they talk about real life experiences, heartbreak, and independence. One of the songs that really got me emotionally worked up is the song titled "I'm Ok" which talks about Christina's experience as a child with her father abusing her mother, and all the pain her mother went through and how Christina grew up in fear of her father. This song seemed to have been pretty emotional for both Christina to write and perform because it must have brought back such painful memories for her. Another amazing song is titled "Beautiful" which is an amazing anthem for all people wether it is an overweight kid dealing with other people harrassing them, or a gay man or woman dealing with criticism in a very straight society, it is saying that you should not let harsh words of people put you down because no matter what you are beautiful. Another amazing song is "Make Over" which has a very 70's rock feel to it and a great beat. "Impossible" which is a duet Christina does with r&b singer Alicia Keys has a very bluesy, almost old school feel to it, another great duet on this album.  Christina's songs talk about living life, being free, doing what you feel in yout heart is best, not letting other people tell you what to do, and just being strong. This album has truly inspired me in so many ways, it has definitely taught me to love myself and be strong no matter what. Her sound is by far like nothing I have ever heard: she mixes rock with pop, pop with old school rock, rap with latino, pop with r&b. "Can't Hold Us Down" which is another duet with Lil' Kim proves to another amazing duet and a great anthem for all women. Christina's talents go far beyond her singing and dancing: she has proven in this album to be a truly talented writer and she will definitely be on the music scene for years to come: much longer than other popstars have wished or tried to be.     