 Monsters Inc is by far Disney and Pixar's best movie to date. What an incredible imagination the creators of this movie have, it just took my breath away. The storyline takes place in Monstropolis a city where monsters live beyond the human world, and in that city there lies the company called Monsters Inc where monsters work and their job is to scare children, and then they collect their screams as a source of energy for the city's electricity. The outrageous part is this, the monsters consider children to be dangerous even deadly and that if a child were to touch them they would be contaminated and the company would be in trouble. Mike Wazowski voiced by Billy Crystal and James P Sullivan voiced by John Goodman are a team at Monsters Inc, Mike assists him and Sully does the scaring, they are the perfect team and Sully who is the top scarer at the company is this close to breaking the all time scare record until something happens. One night when everyone has left work Sully enters in door that has been left and when he goes in to look and then comes back out a little girl follows him and Sully tries to put her back but she keeps following him. Soon everyone in Monstropolis is in fear because of the so called child security breach and the future of Monsters Inc is in jeopardy. The ending is pretty much predictable but the great comedic talents of Billy Crystal and John Goodman more than make up for that. There are other wonderful voice talents in this movie such as the hilarious Steve Buscemi as Sully and Wazowski's nemesis Randall Boggs, the late and wonderful actor James Coburn as the Ceo of Monsters Inc Mr Henry J Waternoose III, the funny Jennifer Tilly as Wazowski's girlfriend and Monsters Inc receptionist Celia Mae, and the hilarious John Ratzenberger as Yeti the abominable snowman. There are also two great shorts on the vhs edition "Mike's New Car" and "For the Birds" All in all Monsters Inc is a movie that is pure magic, anyone can enjoy this movie, there is not one thing I don't like about it. I even found myself in tears at some parts of the movie. Just the relationship that Sully develops with the girl who he names Boo is both endearing and sweet, it really was touching. It is a movie that teaches you about true friendship, being there for your friend no matter what. How wonderful and even intriguing it would be if there really was a world where monsters worked, had families, drove cars just like humans. Pixar really outdid themselves with this movie and the end result can be summed up in one word: amazing!     