 This album is truly an amazing one. Nsync has moved away from the bubblegum pop category and has matured a lot. Their music on this album is not pure pop, it experiments with different types of music, sounds and beats and it really works with all of the songs. It is also nice to see the guys take more creative control with the songs on the album.Here is my review of all the songs on the album: 1. Pop-this song uses a lot of great sounds and beats, it isn't just a pop song but more of a rock/pop song, in a sense that it uses pop beats and some rock flares. 2. Celebrity-this song has a really great message. It shows that if someone is a celebrity you shouldn't love them for their fame or money but for who they are. 3. The Game Is Over- I thought it was a great idea for the guys to put video game sounds along with the music in this song. The game sounds and the beat to the music are very much in synch and the idea behind it is very original and creative. 4. Girlfriend- Another song with a great message which is talking about someone who is being treated right by her boyfriend and how she should be with someone who appreciates her. 5. The Two of Us- This song is probably my favorite song on the album. The song has a really airy and light feeling to it. A great uptempo song and it is a very romantic song. 6. Gone- Two words that can describe this song: sad and beautiful. The song starts out with an orchestra playing like in a silent picture and then starts into the song. Justin's voice sounds great in this song. His voice in this song has a really blues feel to it. 7.Tell Me, Tell Me....Baby- Has a great hip hop/pop sound to it. This is a great dance club song. 8. Up Against the Wall- this song doesn't even sound at all like a pop song. This one uses the two step sound and I love how it sounds. This song uses a lot of hip hop and house beats. 9.See Right Through You- I love this song. If you listen closely you can hear it the background a record being scratched, it is really cool that they put that in there and along with the guys amazing voices, the hip hop sounds makes this song a guilty pleasure. 10. Selfish- An amazing ballad.  11. Just Don't Tell Me That-Uses some violin plucking in the beginning and then goes into the pop and hip hop beats. 12. Something Like You- Stevie Wonder and Nsync: what a great combination. With Nsync's perfect harmonies and Stevie Wonder's skillfull harmonica playing in the background this song proves to be an amazing ballad. 13. Do Your Thing- This song doesn't use a lot of background beats or music. It is very simple and even without a lot of background sounds the boys still sound incredible and the song and the boys voices are both beautiful and airy. All in all this album has proved that pop music is not dead, but it is constantly changing and is here to stay. Nsync has proven that they are one step ahead of pop music and I know that no matter what type of music they make in the future their fans will change and grow with them. With their creative videos, great song writing and producing abilities, amazing voices, fresh and new dance moves, amazing concerts and creative minds Nsync will be around for a long time to come and this album has proved all those critics and skeptics out there wrong.     