 O-town's self titled debut album is a smash hit. I absolutely love it! At first when I heard about a new boy band being formed on this tv show on ABC, I thought oh great another boy band that's all that this world needs, but suprisingly they grew on me and I have come to love and respect the men of O-town.They are more talented than people give them credit for.I just recently attended one of their concerts in San Diego which is my hometown. Anyways I went to the concert and they were amazing:vocals were live and they sounded strong in their voices and their harmonies were amazing, the band was playing in perfect rhythm and the choreography was on point. So here is my review of their album: Liquid Dreams- the song and the video are very original and I love the lyrics. 10/10 Every six seconds- a great upbeat song, the lyrics are very catchy. 9/10 Girl- it is ok, but could have done without the word girl so many times, after awhile it got annoying. 7/10 Sexiest woman alive- it's a song that should make every woman no matter what she looks like the sexiest woman alive.  10/10 Love should be a crime- one of the best songs on the album. The vocal harmonies on this song blended so well together. 10/10 Shy girl- it's funny but this is a song that I can relate to when approaching guys. 10/10 All or nothing- Dan really shines on this song. His vocals are strong and beautiful. 10/10 Sensitive- this song should be heard by any guy who is a player. It describes what every guy should be like toward his girl. 10/10 The painter- one of the most original and romantic songs I have heard in a long time. It kind of reminds me of that 80's love song called "Masterpiece" 10/10 Take me under- this was a very sexy song, it shows the guys more sexual side. 10/10 All for love- seeing this song performed live by the guys of O-town made me love it even more. 10/10 Baby i would- a wonderful romantic ballad. 10/10 Although the men of O-town are a group that was put together by executives and they didn't put themselves together, that is still no reason not give their music a chance. Their amazing vocal harmonies, original lyrics, and beautiful songs will help you realize that O-town truly is talented and that there is more to them than just a bunch of pretty faces.     