 The author is a professor in Fresno State's Dept. of Foreign Languages and Literature and writer for the National Review.com. The book is a compilation of his writings regarding the 9/11 crisis for which I assume he was already paid, but for which he has evidently decided to seek further remuneration as the country is recognizing the anniversary of the tragedy (sorry Prof., I didn't buy the book). Most, if not all, of this book is easily available free on-line. As a person who was caught up in some of the tragedy of that day, I can't say that I feel good about anyone who seems to be seeking a profit on this crisis. I didn't see a notice on the book that profits were for charity, such as to the victims. The author is entitled to his opinions, but his arguments tend to be shallow and lazily written. His manner of presentation leads me to wonder if he is not a professor of reductionism instead of classics. Contrary to his presentation, for example, the U.S. did not enter the First World War due to the sinking of the Lusitania, which occurred nearly two years (and at least two other ocean liner sinkings) before Mr. Wilson asked for a declaration of war. The Lusitania is a better example of the American people remaining level headed. Furthermore, the U.S. was not alone in leaving "both Germany and Japan in smoldering ruin" as he oddly concludes in one of his early chapters. This is an important point since the author thesis is that the U.S. can dismiss international relations and assistance. But, his examples are all based on events that contradict his thesis and there are other examples in his writings. The author sees as wimpish the contention of some to seek European and Arab support for military action on Europe and the Middle East soil. In fact, that is exactly what the U.S. did before entering Afghanistan. This, to me, is most troubling about the book. The author may want to argue for U.S. unilateralism, but why not truthfully note that his position is without recent and relevant historical precedence. He could admit that his position is unique, but some how worthwhile. Perhaps the author believes that the Spanish-American War (a case of U.S. unilateral action) was an act of American altruism and proper foreign policy. In fact, unilateralism in foreign action has been rejected by Wilson, Roosevelt, Eisenhower, and Nixon to name a few presidents of diverse ideologies.  Throughout the chapters that I read, the author worried not about facts, but only for his opinions to be accepted as the facts. He takes the old rhetorical approach of loudly repeating his opinions as facts, giving no credence to alternative views, and personalizes his criticism of those with whom he disagrees. This is hardly the approach of a university professor. I don't know Prof. Hanson's background, but he writes like a person who has not served in the military. He seems to have no problem placing others, including inevitably civilians, in the line of fire. I only apologize if I am in error about the author's military experience, but his manner of arguing rings similar to those I have known who speak of the military with little experience. I recommend saving your money, read the author on line if you must, but first swallow a grain of salt.     