 This book left me with the thought of how nice it would have been to have attended a Prof. Kissinger lecture before he became "The Kissinger." That's the one that is always auditioning for a new Republican administration, and who can't stand not having his views followed to the letter. This book gives much of what the former would be like, but he never lets you forget the second part of his self imposed identity. In truth, I wonder if he knows the difference.  The "good Kissinger" include historical facts of various diplomatic activities and encounters. He is especially good at relating these events with current policies (written pre-September 11th). His remarks on globalization may come to be seen as prophetic. The "bad Kissinger" is pure party politics. I recall an applicable quote, "To portray only what you want to be true is the first step of censorship." That is what is seen in this book, the Kissinger intolerance for any other view. To this Kissinger, every foreign policy initiated by a Democratic president is ill-advised, ill-conceived, or simply put, non-Kissingerian. In truth, even the learned Kissinger would be hard pressed to give an example of a foreign policy that could not be criticized. His presentation, though, is anti-intellectual because he shamelessly fails to give similar critiques to any Republican president.  He makes no mention of Reagan's illegal attempt to sell arms to Iran, or the Lebanon fiasco that led to the deaths of numerous Marines (and no American response unless invading Grenada would some how hurt the feelings of the Middle East terrorists). He most certainly could have found some foreign policy concerns with Reagan's early support for Saddam Hussein and the lack of American response to Iraq's killing of 37 U.S. sailors aboard a Navy ship in 1987. Clinton is specifically criticized for not directly removing the Serbian president in the NATO war against the Serbs, but the failure of Bush Sr. to remove Hussein is barely noted and Bush Sr. escapes specific blame by name. And please don't tell me that Kissinger had no qualms about Bush Jr's. announcing that his administration would begin by keeping it's hands off the Israel-Palestinian conflict. The author, though, makes no mention of this foreign policy debacle. Overall, the book has real value, and it is informative on various levels of government and foreign affairs. However, the reader should accept the book with Kissinger's own warning about the Information Age. That is, having the information is of little value, without the ability to properly interpret the information. Kissinger gives the reader much information, but his unscientific approach prevents an intelligent interpretation.     