 This was a tough read because of the authors too frequent clauses within nearly every sentence.  Also, there are many names to remember, and the publisher could have provided a map of the region in question.  Otherwise, I would have given this book a full 5 star rating.    That aside, this was an exceptionally good book on the recent Balkan war that was fought by NATO.  The Balkan war is notable in military history for being the first war waged and won strictly through the use of air power.  It is also considered Pres. Clintons greatest foreign policy success.   As military history, the book is a worthwhile read.  The author, however, ventures beyond the military aspects to tie in the political, historical, sociological, and psychological countenance of the individuals involved with the campaign.  I found it of particular interest to read about the pettiness of the military structure as it related to the president, and its own field commander.   The author is not shy in offering his analysis of each major character, but he remained even-handed.  He, for example, described the power of Gen. Powells personality, but who also used his position to prematurely close discussion on important international issues.  He similarly discusses other major characters (especially Clinton, Gore, Gen. Clark and Bush I). The author does not attempt to present the most encompassing story of the war, and he is generous in citing authors of very recent publications including the recent memoirs of NATO commander Clark.  The serious student will be able to find greater detail of the Balkans, the diplomacy, and the Serbian genocide from these other authors.   What the author does provide, is incorporating his forty years of experience as a student, and commentator of domestic and international policies.  He also ends the book ( I believe published prior to September 11th) with a comment about the governments pre-occupation with the missile defense system instead of understanding that terrorism is the more likely threat. For anyone who believes that foreign policy, is as simplistic as a Tom Clancy novel would have you believe, then this is a much needed read.  But be aware, that no one comes out looking too good in this very thoughtful story with long term implications for world peace and security.     