 This treatise, on one of the most written about figures in history, is an indispensable addition to the literature of Napoleon, and of the history of western civilization. Of the several Penguin Lives biographies that I have read and enjoyed, I believe that Napoleon had the most pronounced effect on my understanding of the subject in question.  Although others have commented on the author's lack of discourse on Bonaparte's military actions, and of the writer's alleged anglophile bias, this criticism seems to be missing the point of the specific topic and of the Penguin series in general. This invaluable series of biographies was not intended to give the definitive word on any particular person. The books are intended to give insight into aspects of the characters that may not have been well established in previous texts, and are clearly the opinion of the book's author.  Napoleon's military mastery is often noted in this book, and the author effectively uses quotes from Napoleon's enemy counterparts to enhance the general's stature. However, the author too notes faults and over exaggerations about the general's reputation. As to the charge of English favoritism, the author has an elitist attitude (e.g., he provides numerous quotes and aphorisms in French without the benefit of a translation), but otherwise the allegation lacks a foundation of truth.  The author's central thesis is that Napoleon was far from the romantic, heroic populist. He, according to the author, was an egotistical opportunist who cared little about those who blindly followed him. He fled lost battles ahead, and perhaps over the bodies, of his troops. He waged wars that resulted in millions of casualties, and incalculable loss of property. The author is on shaky ground with his view that Napoleon was the model for the 20th century political monsters such as Hitler, Stalin, Mao, and others, and he offers only analogies, not proof.  The book does not try to defeat the impression that Napoleon was the most significant military figure in history. It only seeks to balance his military accomplishments with how his activities significantly impacted on the rise of totalitarianism in the years after Napoleon. For this purpose, the author should be complimented, and the book should be widely read.     