 I gave this collection 5 stars because it obviously contains some incredible music.  Theres one thing that needs to be understood though.  Pink Floyd has never been a band that is about songs, or hits, or anything like that.  Floyd is THE definitive album band.  Each one of the songs on this collection loses much of its effect when taken out of the context of the album that it was originally featured on, with the exception of some of the Barrett tunes.  This collection is NOT good as an introduction to the band.  Newcomers should begin with Dark Side of the Moon or Wish You Were Here.  Otherwise, you are missing the point of what Pink Floyd has always stood for and tried to accomplish.  What this collection IS good for is Hardcore Fans of the band, and here is why: 1. "When the Tigers Broke Free" - Undoubtedly the holy-grail of Floyd songs (at least to us Floyd-heads).  This incredible song is featured in The Wall (the film), but this is the first time it has been released on disc.  Worth the price of the disc alone for the hardcore fan. 2. The remixes of the longer songs - A good chunk of "Echoes"has been cut out, mostly from the creepy wind blowing middle section.  Good to listen to if you don't have 22 minutes to kill, but need your fix.  Also, the two bookend parts of "Shine On You Crazy Diamond" have been pasted together (much like on "A Collection of Great Dance Songs").  Its dissapointing that they cut out so much for time, but the main themes of the song are still intact, making for a pretty good abbreviated version. Now on to the complaints:   1.) I don't know why they even bothered putting the shortened version of "Marooned" on this compilation.  It is one of David Gilmour's finest moments as a guitarist and they omit almost 3/4 of the song.  So what was the point?   2.) Of the 5 tracks they could have taken from Animals, why do they always feel the need to choose "Sheep" (as they did on the "Dance Song" collection).  "Dogs" or "Pigs (Three Different Ones)" are both better songs and better examples of Animals as an album.   3.) I don't think it was really neccesary to include 3 songs each from "A Momentary Lapse of Reason" and "The Division Bell" and not include anything from "More", "Atom Heart Mother" or "Obscured By Clouds".   4.) Why not include "What Shall We Do Now" from The Wall film, especially if they dug up "Tigers"?   5.) How can you omit "Brain Damage" and "Eclipse" from a Pink Floyd collection?  Can anyone argue with the fact that it really was the only correct way to close out disc 2? To summarize, if you are new to Pink Floyd, skip this for now and get Dark Side or WYWH.  For the hardcore fans, this isn't perfect, but its good enough to be worth the cash.     