 After a bit of last minute rushing around (including a strange run-in with a couple of jerk parking lot attendants), I was lucky enough to attend this show, and it was more than worth both the overpriced ticket and the afformentioned difficulties.  PJ made good on their promist to cover as much of their catalog as possible and both the band and the crowd got quite a workout.  Starting in the late afternoon with an acoustic set (disc 1), the band offered a nice laid back mix of old favorites and rarities highlighted by some of my personal favorites like "Footsteps", "Off He Goes", "Drifting", "Thin Air", and ending with a powerful version of "Indifference".  Then after an OK Sleater-Kinney performance, the fun really started.  With Great Woods' stupid time restraints, the boys had to hurry through the set, but it ended up being a good thing as the sped-up versions of songs like "Brain of J", "Why Go", "Spin the Black Circle", and "Given to Fly" were even more powerful than usual.  They slowed it down a bit and Eddie interacted with the crowd, asking for our help to sing along with the end of "Wishlist" and then went into the Man trilogy, in which the entire crowd took over on lead vocals for "Betterman".  Listening to it now makes me tingle.  The 3rd set included a great rendition of "Breath" and an even better version of "Habit".  Then they closed the 3rd set with "Black" & "Jeremy", the latter in which we all were reminded why we loved this band in the first place as we all belted out the final "Oooooooooohhhhhhoohhhoooo!" (very loud and accurately I might add).  After being joined by SK for the Encore version of CCR's "Fortunate Son" they teased us with a one note song, and sent us all home satisfied with the only song they repeated over the 3 shows they played at Mansfield, "Yellow Ledbetter".  This was one of the most incredible shows I have ever attended and I was so pleased to learn the bootleg was out.  I listen to this constantly despite my usual distaste for live albums, and I never get sick of it.  It is a great reminder of a great night, and the set list is so good that it is still worth the price of the set even if I hadn't been there.  Any PJ fan would have enjoyed the show, and luckily for those who missed it, the excitement is captured here.  Simply a great show.     