 The Wall was the first Floyd album where the lyrical concept overshadowed the music, and for that reason, it pales in comparison to Dark Side and Animals (both of which are a perfect balance of lyrical and musical genius).  Nonetheless, this is still an incredible album.  A rock opera in the truest sense of the word, this is an album that has been both helped and hurt by its popularity.  The incessant airplay of songs like Another Brick in the Wall Part 2, Comfortably Numb, Run Like Hell, Hey You, and Young Lust can make the listener unfamiliar to the entire album believe that this album is about the songs instead of the story.  That is why there are so many people who finally go out and buy the album and are dissapointed in the fact that it isn't 26 Comfortably Numbs that make up the album.  Some call the shorter, less popular songs "filler".  Those who do are missing the point of the album as a whole.  This is not your average CD that you throw in your car to listen to on the way down to the grocery store.  The Wall needs to be heard, felt, and absorbed as a whole.  It is more like a book on CD with backing music.  Although the soundscapes that back the main theme are a perfect fit, and the music is melodic, complicated, emotional, and energetic, it is there mainly to help convey the emotion that is stated in the lyrics.  The short "filler" is neccesary to bridge the different subject matters together and move the album from one theme to the other.  Lets put it this way, this album is actually built like a brick wall.  The bricks make up the most important part, but the wall would collapse without the cement "filler" that binds it together.   If you aren't willing to sit down and listen to the whole album, it will probably go right over your head.  But if you do take the time to sit and get emotionally involved, it can be a rewarding, albeit a bit depressing, experience.  This isn't Floyd's best music(not that its bad, they just have done better), but it is one of the best lyrical concepts ever written, and well worth the while for that alone.     