 It never ceases to amaze me how some music fans want, even expect, a band to keep making the same album over and over again.  They claim to be huge fans of a band/artist because of one stellar release, and then can't handle it when the band evolves.  How a true music fan can stand to see an artist run in place like this has always puzzled me, and the mixed reviews of everything released by Radiohead since OK Computer are one of the best examples of this.  Radiohead is one of the few bands with the ambition, and more importantly the guts, to boldly expiriment with new sounds and song structures while taking the chance of possibly (although they sometimes seem to do it purposely) alienate their fan base.  Kid A and Amnesiac had their moments (ie. "How to Dissappear Completely", "The National Anthem", "Idioteque", "Pyramid Song", Knives Out", "I Might Be Wrong", and "You and Whose Army" to name a few), but nothing that could touch OK Computer as a whole.  But the experiments were a natural evolution towards Hail to the Thief, and now that we have finally seen where the path lead to, the boring/annoying moments of Kid A and Amnesiac are easily forgiven.  Make no mistakes, this is Radiohead's best album to date.  It took a few listens to learn the song structures, but once you put in the time it is more than rewarding.  This is truly a band that has finally found its groove.  This is a perfect blend of all thats come before.  The most obvious is the electronic stuff, but it is used to better effect than on eithere Kid A or Amnesiac.  Theres the denseness and intelligence of OK Computer.  Theres the strong melodies and beautiful singing of The Bends, and if you really listen hard you can hear Thom's return to the bitterness of Pablo Honey (remember "Thinking About You"?).  Headphones are a big help for this album because there are so many idiosyncracies that each song demands, and deserves, your full attention. Each song has its great moments, and once you start to learn the album, you can't wait to hear them.  And there are some standout tracks here (ie. "A Punchup at A Wedding", "Backdrifts", "Myxamatosis", and the INCREDIBLE closing track "A Wolf at the Door") that are some of the bands best songs.  If you have bought the album and weren't crazy about it the first few times around, keep at it, you won't be sorry.  And if you are looking or hoping that the band would step backwards to The Bends and OK Computer(remember this is Progressive Rock, Progress means FORWARD), then forget about Radiohead, because they have moved on from that time in thier career.  Instead, check out the band Palo Alto's self titled debut because thats closer to "Old" Radiohead than Thom, Colin, Ed, Johnny, and Phil will ever be again.     