 I have tried to write a review for this album at least ten times, but I can never seem to find the right words to describe it. This is mainly because I consider Dark Side of the Moon the most perfect music ever put to tape (and have said so in my review of that album), yet I think that Animals is better. So I have to keep asking myself if I am being hypocritical by saying so. I mean, how can you possibly get any better than perfect? So I guess I need to explain myself. First of all, when I say that Dark Side is perfect, I mean it in the sense that not one note, word, sound effect, etc. is out of place. It is the perfect concept album, a bunch of excellent songs working together to make for the most incredible listening experience ever created. Animals, on the other hand, is completely different. Although it is most definitely a concept album, each song works on its own, as well as within the context of the entire album (those familiar to Dark Side know just how strange it is to hear "Any Colour You Like" on its own).  That is just a hint of how good the songwriting is on Animals, both lyrically and musically. "Dogs" is just absolutely incredible from start to finish. Roger Waters is at his lyrical best here, perfectly combining the the poetry of Dark Side and Wish You Were Here with the bitterness and sarcasm of The Wall & The Final Cut in his attack on the business world (most specifically the music industry). David Gilmour's guitar work is some of his best ever, taking center stage with an incredible harmonized melody that is as easy to sing along with as the vocals. Each transition from one part of the song to another is perfect all leading up to the grand finale giving a lyrical overview of the "Dog's" life and death. The best written song in the history of rock. Period. "Pigs (Three Different Ones)" is another simply incredible song, attacking politicians and censorship. Its soft keyboard intro gives way to a mid-tempoed rocker that features some of Waters' best bass grooves (his lyrics have always overshadowed how good of a bassist he really is, throw on the headphones and see for yourself), and finishes with a soaring Gilmour solo that threatens to strip the paint off your walls. "Sheep" rocks out more than any Floyd song (with the possible exceptions of "The Nile Song", "One of These Days", and "Not Now John"). Its semi-walking bassline and crashing guitar & drums create the "Hammer of God" thunder & lightning effect the band was searching for, while Waters attacks the religious and easily influenced. Pigs on the Wing just puts the icing on the cake.  It is amazing how the same basic song can so perfectly open and close an album by itself.  A masterpiece.     