 In Five Short Years Tupac went from a part of Digital Undergroud's Crew to the most influential outlaw in the world of Hip Hop and one of his albums that helped aid that transformation was his Third album "Me Against The World". Released shortly after Tupac's tragic New York studio shooting Tupac had many things on his mind, and all of which were vented into his most personal album in the Tupac Catalog. And for good reason Tupac's most personal albums were usually regarded as his best...: 1.Intro-A+-Usually I don't rate intros but this case is special. This Intro is a collection of News soundclips about his New York Studio shooting. A Classic Intro All Around. 2.If I Die 2 Nite-A-One of the most personal songs on the album about Pac's fears of death in the life that he is living. 3.Me Against The World-A+-One of the most moving songs in hip hop history, just a really good look on the inside of Pac's fear of death and his fury at the world. 4.So Many Tears-A-About Pac's Life and the things he has seen in the streets that effected him. 5.Temptations-A-The beat for this track is what makes it work as well as it does. 6.Young N!&&@z-A+-Classic about being a Young Thug and about life as a thug. 7.Heavy In The Game-A+-Classic, some of the best flows of the album are on this track alone. 8.Lord Knows-A-Dark and depressing of a track as it is...it also carries some melancholy sweetness not felt by any other hip hop tracks at the time. 9.Dear Mama-A+-Really serious track about life in the ghetto and a letter of apology to his Mama. 10.It Ain't Easy-A-Tragic song about how hard it is to be a black man in society. 11.Can U Get Away-B-Only Okay song on the album, just not feeling it. 12.Old School-A+-Classic about when hip hop was just starting about. Mentions every Mc from Queen Latifah to Krs-One. Plus features a sample from a B.I.G. song. 13.F^<k The World-A-One of the best hooks on the album just a classic all around. 14.Death Around The Corner-A+-About the fear of death in the ghettos,in my opinion one of Pac's best songs. 15.Outlaw-B+-Pretty Good song but has some weak points.  Final Conclusion: Tupac's Masterpiece, timeless and a hip hop classic. If you don't have this album then you are NOT a real hip hop fan...enough said.     