 There is no doubt in my mind that Beck is one of the shining voices of our generation. Bursting on the scene in 1993 with his MTV smash hit "Loser" Beck proclaimed that he was "A loser baby, so why don't you kill me?". Although the single edition of Loser was a big hit, Beck's debut "Mellow Gold" didnt fare so well but Beck's solo career bust-down was soon refurnished with one of the best albums of the 90's "Odelay" this disc would later on be nominated for several grammy's and earn Beck the title of the "Bob Dylan of our Generation". However in 1998 Beck released this gem, an acoustic journey into folk music. As incredibly daring as Beck is, NOONE expected him to do a complete 360 degree turn from alternative folk rock rap to acoustic ballads. Nevertheless, this album is still Becks most beautiful, mature, complex, and relaxingly smooth album to date. The disc starts with the twangy, haromonical skeptical of "Cold Brains" a chilling synthesizer with beautiful singing from a man who very rarely sang up to that point. The chorus in this song is like something out of a sci-fi movie with twangs, and machine made drips that sounds like he is playing while in the depths of the ocean. "Nobody's Fault But My Own", argueably Becks most accomplished piece of work, follows and fulfills the voids in the contrasting melodys with twangs of sitar strings and middle eastern vibes. The lyrics in this song are beautifull and twoards the chorus Becks voice drifts in and out like a vivid dream. Next a summertime anthem called "Lazy Flies" brings to mind a calm summer day of relaxing and slothing about but quite the contrary the lyrics on this record are far from what that is. The melodys in this song is like a late 60's woodstock acoustic jam session, while a young woman holds the same haunting note for the song untill the end. "Canceled Check", a widley country folk influenced beat, transpires after that and to me is a solid song but has some weak vocals, but thats the only REAL problem with it, if you ask me anyways. "We Live Again" is the song that follows "Canceled Check" and is a dreamy soothing ride down Beck's echoing harmonys and a sitar is plucked in the backround. The perfect song to listen to when your tired as well! Next comes the Latin-Carribean influenced "Tropicalia"(C'mon people its all in the name) and I must say is one of the more entertaining songs on the album due to its upbeat melodies and danceable instrumentals. Beck's smooth rhyming is also essential as well to the carribean jam. "Dead Melodies" follows with sharp lyrics and forked guitars as cymbols crash in the backround like a hissing rattlesnake, also due to the haunting melodies this song is the one(Besides "Nobody's fault but my own") that stays in your head and wont go away...Just a warning people. Next the blues-country infused "Bottle of Blues" strides in with lazy vocals but inspiring harmonicas and some pretty foottapping drum beats in the backrounds. "O Maria" follows with somewhat lazy vocals that sound like echoes in the wind and simple piano to trancend the beat along the way and guide the record to its ultimate end. "Sing It Again", a purley Indian influenced medolic track, follows and is one of the songs that are "Sleepable" as in it makes you REALLY tired. The guitars are somewhat simple and a little too weak, but the lyrics themselves are solid and contrast well to the twangy simple guitars of the track. "Static/Diamond Bollocks" leads as the finisher and is one of the more melody induced songs on the disc but has some very incredible and interesting lyrics. However sleepy this album may make you, its still worth the buy. Beck has proved time and time again that no matter how many times he changes his musical style or taste he will always be relevant and thats how you spot a musician from an artist.     