 Honestly This is one of the most perfect Wu-Tang Solo albums you can get...What more can I say. Gza's flow on this disc is just brilliant and the lyrics are tight as hell. The production by R to tha ZA is just ill from Liquid Swords to Basic Instructions Before Leaving Earth this album is possibly one of the most overlooked hip hop albums of our time. It really is a crying shame that the Source did'nt give this 5 Mics because of all hip hop records this deserves it more than any Record. If you don't have this album now...then definetley cop it...it's a must have.  1.Liquid Swords-10/10-Tight opening with the Shogun line. Pretty cool kung fu sample. The track itself is pretty tight, Ill beat and tight lyrics. Classic. 2.Duel of the Iron Mic-10/10-Like Liquid Swords opens with a tight kung fu sample. Track itself is a Classic. The beat is sick and the lyrics between Gza and Masta Killa are tight.  3.Living In The World Today-10/10-One of the hottest tracks on the record. Fly hook, tight lyrics, sick beat, Perfect all around. 4.Gold-10/10-One of my favorite songs, The illest beat that I eva heard on a Wu Tang solo album, tight hook, and some crazy lyrics. 5.Cold World-10/10-Opens with a Kung Fu sample and leads into a tight hook wich then slams into Gza's rhyming. One of the most haunting songs on the album. Classic. 6.Labels-10/10-Begins wif RZA talking about the rap game then leads into a really tight rhyme track by Gza. 7.4th Chamber-10/10-Yet again opens with a kung Fu sample. Classic, one of the best on the album. 8.Shadowboxin'-10/10-Really ill beat and some crazy rhyming from Jhonny Blaze and GZA. Just great all around, I garentee you'll replay this one like 99 times in a row. 9.Hell's Wind Staff/Killah Hills 10304-10/10-I don't like tha opening but tha track itself is hot.Pretty tight beat but Gza's lyrics on this one is just frantic and hot. Cop It. 10.Investigative Reports-10/10-Ill, just Ill. Rae tha Chef does some tight verses on this and so duz Gza. Like I said Before...Ill all around. 11.Swordsman-10/10-Perfect with the beat, perfect with the rhymes, perfect with the hook. Perfect and Classic. 12.I Gotcha Back-10/10-Tight hook, Tight Beat, Tight Track. 13.Basic Instructions Before Leaving Earth-10/10-My Favorite song on tha album. Just awesome, Killah Preist solo wif no GZA but still Mad Ill.  Final Word: COP THIS JOINT!!!!!!!!     