 Listen I think Ashlee Simpson is as cute as a Damn Bunny, ok; I just don't think she should be recording albums just because she is jelous of her sister, THE ALMIGHTY JESSICA SIMPSON(All Praise Her Name, I love Jessica Simpson:-D)but Jeez man Ashlee should put the microphone down and maybe a "Lyrics Instruction" tape up because a retarted chimpanzee could write better lyrics than "You make me wanna La La" WHAT THE HELL DOES LA LA EVEN MEAN? Is it mowing the lawn or adopting starving Ethiopians, I NEED someone to explain that to me, cause dude...I'm not getting it...This Godawful cd starts of with "Autobiography", and to this I say in a confused manner "Do what, who the hell asked you...Ashlee Simpson...for your biography. Just because a 12 year old girl in Hawaii wants your autobiography doesnt mean anyone, and yes i do mean ANYONE else does so stop writing auto biography. "Pieces Of Me" trancends and you can tell that the vibe through the whole song is "Please be #1, Please be #1!" And by the way Ashlee, I DO NOT know you better than yourself, although that is rather flattering. "Shadow" leads and is basically a "Im mad because I wanted a Gucci sweater and my daddy wouldnt get me one" kind of song...can someone say, Alanis? Next comes the pride and crap of the disc "La La" wich sounds like she's having a seazure while eating live rodents. Besides a retarted monkey with no eyes and left hand could write better lyrics than that...dang. And whats the deal with the threat Ashlee,oooooh I'm scared of Ashlee "La Lee La" Simpson! After that comes the painfully cliche'd "Love Makes The World Go Round" which sounds like a song that i heard on Sesame Stree...OH WAIT IT IS A SONG I HEARD ON SESAME STREET! GREAT JOB ASHLEE FOR COPYING A KIDS TELIVISION SHOW YOU DUMMY! "Better Off" is better off up a cow's ass or at least somewhere were it will not suck. "Love Me For Me" is an impossible song to follow. And by the way Ashlee Simpson, if I EVER fall in love with you i almost garentee it will be for your rack and not for you. Next comes Ashlee singing some gay as hell song about sunshine called "Surrender" and I must admit that this song makes me want to beat Ashlee over the head for being born :-D."Unreachable" is in fact unreachable because i cant understand what the hell she's trying to say in this song. Is it about chicken nuggets or what? "Nothing New" is nothing new indeed, shortly it sucks big floppy donkey dick :-D. "Giving It All Away" is giving the fact that Ashlee Simpson can't sing away, shhhh don't tell. Finally "Undiscoverd" comes and makes me wish she was undiscoverd so my ears would stop bleeding. Shortly, spend your money on something useful like Porn or Soy Milk Than this crap.     