 First of all I would like to point out that i have NEVER been a big fan of Green Day. That is until i bought this political rock opera record. Putting the disc in, I expected little from the California threesome, but i should have expected more. With the story telling of a decisive poet, Billie Joe Armstrong, Mike Dirnt, and Tre Cool have made one of the best musical operas of our time by combining smart, clever lyrics, Cranky guitars, pounding bass, solid drumming, and snotty vocals in a way that no other band has, or ever will, recreate. The disc starts out alright with the first single "American Idiot", about a boy refusing to be a stereotyped, wide eyed youth who belives anything he is told, and progresses into one of the best songs of the album "Jesus of Suburbia" a hypnotic blend of bible belt, ritalin bashing lyrics and slamming guitars. Then trancends "Holiday" which can be described as a hard lyrical base of hatred for all, from that point on "Boulevard of Broken Dreams" trancends and leaves few breath in your lungs by the harmonized vocals and booming bass. "Are We The Waiting" is a slower heavier songs that brings the issue of self doubt. "St. Jimmy" is a song that represents the earlier "Dookie" sound of Green Day but still is an excellent track filled with ritalin induced energy. "Give Me Novacaine" is probably one of the weakest tracks on the album but is still an alright song. "She's A Rebel" is a rock solid speed punk song with extremeley well crafted drumming and startiling vocals, after which comes "Extraordinary Girl" another somewhat weak song, but has its points in that the vocals are very well harmonized and clear as crystal. "Letterbomb" is another ritalin induced speed punk song that makes you wanna kick the crap out of your cat. "Wake Me Up When September Ends" is an amazingly beautiful track that, unlike most of the songs on American Idiot, has a lighter melody and a softer tone. "Homecoming" is another well crafted song that is as long as hell, but is still worth listening to a couple of times. Finally comes "Whatsername" a final ode to St. Jimmy and the Jesus Of Suburbia with a snot punk speed that a bullet couldnt trancend. This is an album not to miss by far, so get off of your couch and go to the record store(or download it illegally)and buy(or download) this record, you'll be very glad you did.     