 Morrissey is quite possibly one of the greatest frontmen of our time, however when The Smiths split in the 90's many wondered what was in store for the Irish rock hero. Not much was apparentley, because after releasing 5 albums in the early to mid 90's he virtually dissappeared into the dust. However when word started getting around in 2003 that Morrissey was in the studio recording an album, people went crazy trying to find out as much as they could about the new album from the star they hadnt heard from in such a while. Well long story made short, it was worth the wait. The album starts with "America Is Not The World", a truthfully painful vision of America and the way things have been going in relations between the U.S. and the rest of the world. "Irish Blood, English Heart" soon follows and clearly shows it is the strongpoint of the album with music and vocals that will get your blood pumping as if you had just ran a mile. And despite the tracks somewhat radical views, it still shines light on how brave Morrissey really is to sing lyrics such as the ones in "Irish Blood, English Heart". Soon following is "I Have Forgiven Jesus" a striking story of his life and the things Jesus has done wrong to him, however this song is a melodic masterpiece with Morrissey's banshee like vocals over pounding drums and bass organ. "Come Back To Camden" is a chilling slow song that with its lyrics of loneliness and music of a funeral, leaves it lingering in your mind like a horridly vivid nightmare. "I'm Not Sorry" follows and is a solid song, but lacks the heartfelt vocals that has made Morrissey the infamous frontman he is. Next comes the booming "The World Is Full Of Crashing Bores" with pounding bass tuned music and fantastic vocal achievements by Moz. Rocking like a hurricane "How Could Any Body Possibly Know How I Feel?" starts and finishes with heavy bass and ramming guitars while being contrasted with Morrissey's furious, pounding vocals that sink the pit of your stomach just listening to it. "First Of The Gang" comes along after that and conveys a story of Irish gang life and pub brawling with love and I must admit, deserves all of hype it gets as a song thats strong vocals and music get you energized. The incredibly smart "Let Me Kiss You" comes afterwards with super smart lyrics like "Close your eyes, and think of someone you physically admire, and let me kiss you." that bring to mind the astonishing coy lyrics of Cole Parker. "All The Lazy Dykes" trancends with chilling electronic music and somewhat lazy vocals that make for a small weakpoint of the record. "I Like You" follows and is similar to early Smiths releases with heavy guitars and streched, clever vocals that i find indescribable. The record finishes with "You Know I Could'nt Last", a beautiful twinkling piano melodic song that by the chourus kicks into hard rock mode with a vengance. So, in conclusion, all Irish rejoice, for your most talented musician has released an incredibly smart album that just may go down as Morrissey's best as a solo artist...     