 If you are prone to being freaked out easily this Underground Hip Hop Spookshow may not be for you. With tantalized rhymes, spooky dark beats, and horrifing samples MF Doom and Madlib have made the rap album to end all rap albums, which is actually quite astonishing given the low budget and little known label on which it was released. The album starts with a Skitzo's wet dream "Illest Villains" a terrifingly wierd sample dj track that will have you saying ridiculous quotes while shuddering under a blanket, that also serves as a mocked news report about the rap duo. That later leads into the horrifingly kiddie beat song "Accordion" like it is straight out a horror movie with frightning smooth rhymes and a candy cane synth line. "Meat Grinder" is like something out of Charles Manson's worst nightmare with music that would give God goosebumps and chillingly hushed rhymes as if he is telling you an ainchient secret only know to a certain few. "Bistro" starts off the few tracks that dont scare you and leads into some smooth samples saying "How Do You Do?". "Raid" is a song that a first doesnt scare you because it sounds like a normal rap song, but when you listen to it a second time or a third time you realize that the lyrics are like something that a deranged child wrote about his imaginary friend. "America's Most Blunted" is a SCARY AS HELL song that gives me goosebumps everytime i listen to it, but then again has some Megaphone style rapping with distorted screams and crys in the backround with an ending that is as funny as it is sick. "SickFit" is a fairly odd instrumental with a shocking twang that sends chills up your spine and makes you wonder if they didnt record just a random animal dying to make that noise. "Rainbows" is a scary storm of Fresh rhyming and staticy radio beats with chilling rhymes about drinking Draino plumbing fluid and hushed deaftone singing. "Curls" is a smooth sailed rhyme out with a haunting synth blast that leaves you scratching your head in awe after displaying a shocking chill sound that is virtually indescribably(You'll reckognize it when you hear it). "Do Not Fire!" is yet another HORRIFYING instrumental dj track with sounds of deranged almost cartoon like laughter and subliminal backwards loops. "Money Folder" comes with fantastic lyrics and spookshow carnivale' organ beats that will make your hair stand on end. "Shadows of Tommorow" is a very wierd 60's style mock track that has a helium induced rhyme track and incredibly genious lyrics if you listen close enough. "Operation Lifesaver AKA Mint Test" is a hilarious song about bad breath that soon leads into "Figaro" a creepy(I probably have used this word too much in this review but that is the only way I can describe this)nightmare that owns a haunting xylaphone line that is hidden beneath the spooky organ blasted under MF Doom's fast, laid-back rhyming. "Hardcore Hustle" is hardcore indeed with yet again odd beats, REALLY FREAKY samples of a giant going "ummm hmmmm hmmmm" and incredibaly fast flowing from the masked mastermind MF Doom. "Strange Ways" is a shaky hardcore underground circus of carnage that makes Snoop Dogg look like a little daisy with synth bass and the laid back blast of MF Doom. "Fancy Clown" is one of the more normal tracks on the album with R&B singing and Piano keys jamming in the backround while MF Doom rhymes about the Mask he wears and setting rockets off. "Eye" is the song that lingers on in my head all of the time and is essentially just an R&B singer singing about how when she looks into a certain someones eyes she gets high, I however get chills on my neck. "Supervillain Theme" is yet another short lasted instrumental that creeps the hell out of me, enough said about that track eh? "All Caps" follows that with creepy bass piano, distorted samples, candy swirl synth, and rhymes that flow like blood in my veins. "Great Day" comes as the second to last song and as one of the lesser creepy songs with smooth rhymings about Kurt Angle, Bud Light, and Bass players all while being contrasted with crazy sinth piano keys being poked by Madlib the mad scientist. Finally comes the last song "Rhinestone Cowboy" which begins with people smoking drugs and leads into applause induced hushed rhyming with high trumpet and soul singers humming. After this album i realized one thing about Madvillainy. Even though most of the songs are only around 2 minutes long, they all linger on like incredibly vivid nightmares...      