 George Orwell is a genious Literate and I say that with the upmost pride in my voice. George Orwell not only took a subject that at the time,it was still 1945 may I remind you,was basically attacking the Russian system of communism. Now of course Russia, then the Soviet Union or U.S.S.R., is no longer under communist rule, but at the time we were still fighting in World War 2 and Russia was an Allied Force. Well obviously publishers werent scrambling to get a book that attacked a country that was aiding them in the fight against Mousolinni,Hitler,and Hirohito. The book starts off as a symbol of the start of the Russian revolt when Major(A play off of political prophet Karl Marx)urges a revolt against the dastardly doings of Farmer Jones(A play off of Czar Nicholos 2)and point in case they listen. Days later Farmer Jones forgets to feed the animals, soon afterwards all hell breaks loose. Being led by two strong leaders Snowball(A play off of Trotsky, I think his first name was Leon)and Napoleon(A play off of Infamous, yet cruel leader Joseph Stalin)the animals decide to wage a war against the humans and overthrow their corrupt regime(The humans represent the Capitalists woh exploit the weak). May I remind you the intentions are still good here, that is untill the idea of the Windmill(Russian Industry Modernizing) comes up....At first Snowball proposes a windmill so the stalls can be lighted and have flowing water by the power of hydroelectricity, however Napolean disagrees. Sensing his power running short and the people siding with him, Napolean gets the Dogs(A play off the KBG)to chase Snowball out of the Farm. Now its just Napolean, a lone dictator with a bad mind set, so whom does he get to explain he was for the windmill after all? Squealer thats who!(The representation of the Russian Media)After squealer explains it to the ignorant animals all but a few whom understand what is happening(Particalarly a stubborn mule named Benjamin who represents the witnesses of corruption but stand by and do nothing)and to the one follower whom belives his "Friendly Dictator" is always right, I'm talking of course about Boxer(Who represents the Unskilled Labor class)whose later sold,In a very sad scene, to a glue factory by the one he belives is always right. Later on Moses the wise raven comes in and(representing the Orthodox church of the time)tells of magical Sugarcandy Mountain and its glory of ripe windfall apples and sugarcake.Twoards the end the Pigs(communist party loyalists)take total control and leave the farm in hell, worse than it was with Farmer Jones...and twoards the end of the book in a stunning final word from Mr. George Orwell..."Soon they looked from the men to the pigs, the pigs to the men, and back to the men and could not tell the difference."     