 This is one of the most amazing hip hop albums of all time. Just perfect. From Wyclef's guitar playing and rasta style flow to Pras' bass pitched voice to Lauren(aka Hip Hop's Bob Marley)Hill's amazing rhyming and singing this is one of the best albums of all time. I'm actually surprised that the Source did'nt make any 6 Mic ratings because this record deserves it. They broke up shortly after this but now they are setting a date to get back together after Lauren finishes her 2nd solo album and I can't wait. Now on to the review...  1.Red Intro-10/10-Well first of all it's an intro but for an intro its actually not that bad. 2.How Many Mics-10/10-Really tight hook by Wyclef and really tight rhymes from Lauren Hill. Pras and Wyclef have some pretty cool rhymes too.  3.Ready or Not-10/10-My favorite song on the album. Beautiful singing by Lauren and ill rhymes by the Refugee Camp. Classic song, whether your ready or not to agree. 4.Zealots-10/10-Wyclef's hook is a catchy blend of Reggae and funk, but it's Pras who really shines on this track. Plus It's got an ill beat. 5.The Beast-10/10-Indian style beat and a pretty tight hook. Lauren rhymes are crazy on this track plus a hilarious Chinese Resturant skit afterwards. 6.Fu-Gee-La-10/10-One of my favorite songs of all time, From Wyclef's Reggae style rhyming to Lauren's harmonic hook dis is a track ya'll gotta cop. 7.Family Business-10/10-Pras is phenominal on this track, his rhymes are the best on this track than on any other one. Youre just waiting for the next member of tha camp to spit the whole track. Perfect, just Perfect. 8.Killing Me Softly With His Song-10/10-Full Lauren track, no rhyming but can really make you sleepy...in a good way. Chilled out and the Fugees first big hit. Cop it. 9.The Score-10/10-One of the best tracks on the album, tight samples, tight hook, tight rhymes, tight overall. 10.The Mask-10/10-Jazzy beat and one of the most catchy hooks on the album beside "Ready Or Not". Wyclef has good rhymes and so does Pras but Lauren is the best MC on this track. Cop it NOW. 11.Cowboys-10/10-Unlike anything in hip hop, western hook and beat but some pretty tight rhymes from the Refugee camp. Ill as hell. 12.No Woman, No Cry-10/10-Wyclef solo, much like Killing Me Softly With His Song, All Reggae singing from Wyclef but still a high point in the album. 13.Manifest/Outro-10/10-Some of the tightest Scratching on a record since "Paid In Full". The beat is ill, just guitar strings and scratching. Lauren is great on this and so is Wyclef but Pras is the best on this track. 14.Fu-Gee-La Refugee Camp Remix-10/10-Fugeela with a different beat and hook. Still tight though, Cop It. 15.Fu-Gee-La Sly & Robbie Mix-10/10-Same as the Refugee Camp Remix of Fugeela except the beat is different, it's actually better than the original in my opinion. 16.Mista Mista-8/10-Guitar and Reggae solo from Wyclef, it's pretty tight to listen to when your tired but other than that....skip it.   Final Word:COP DIS ALBUM NOW!!!!!!!!!!!      