 At a time in which East Coast hip hop was virtually dead, out came a sound noone had ever heard, because in the history of hip hop very few had mixed grimey drum and bass lines and pounding snares. There was virtually noone who could touch the skills of the Wu-Tang Clan. From the first verse of the 36 Chambers you can tell these cats mean business. This is the album that changed my life, opened my eyes, and made me want to become a hip hop MC. And I garentee this record will change the way you feel about hip hop music.  1. Bring Da Ruckus-10/10-Classic, from the very first verse in which Ghostface Killah Claims (Ghostface, catch the blast of a hype verse/My glock bursts, leave in a hearse, I did worse)this record starts off with tight lyrics and mad, grimey beats. Total destruction of tha mind. 2. Shame on a Nigga-10/10-Classic, ODB shows how insane his rhyming is on this track. Considered by many to be some of ODB's best work, many forget that Raekwon and Method Man have some pretty ill, yet overlooked rhymes too. 3. Clan In Da Front-8/10-I think GZA is one of the best MC's in the Wu, but I don't really think the beat for this song is that ill, the rhymes are tight but I'm not really feeling tha beat as much, but Its still a slammin track nonethaless. 4. Wu-Tang: 7th Chamber-10/10-Classic, Tight beats and ill rhymes frome Inspectah Deck and RZA make this song one of the albums top 5 best. 5. Can It Be All So Simple-10/10-Damn I wish I could give this more but I don't want to be a jackass and do the I'm so funny I'm making it over the line stuff. Soulful beats and jazz samples dug underneath Raekwon and Ghostface Killah's smooth yet tortured rhymes make this an instant classic. 6. Da Mystery of Chessboxin'-10/10-My favorite song ever by the Wu-Tang, I don't really know what to say besides how awesome the rhymes are. EVERY SINGLE ONE of the verses are spitfire. Pure genious, especially Masta Killa's verse. 7. Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuthing Ta F' Wit-10/10-A really hot song with one of the best opening verses of all hip hop songs by Prince Rakeem. Just awesome, the joint that blew our eardrums. 8. C.R.E.A.M.-10/10-The joint that started it all, Cash Rules Everything Around Me...dats all I got ta say. 9. Method Man-10/10-One of the tightest tracks ever, this jam proves that Tical was one of the strongest MC's in tha Wu-Tang, from start to finish this a true party jam that is way underratted.  10. Protect Ya Neck-10/10-It is one of the best Wu songs out there, plain and simple...From Inspectah Deck's ledgendary first verse to Tha GZA's closing statements this is one of the illest songs on the album. 11. Tearz-10/10-It may be slow and soulful but it is really damn good, the lyrics for this song are so heartfelt you can feel RZA's pain as he holds his brothers dead body...Just a beautiful song. 12. Wu Tang:7th Chamber-Part Two-10/10-Clan in da front with an iller beat, thats all i got ta say. 13. Conclusion-No Comment-Its a conclusion people.  Get this damn albumn NOW. Wu-Tang Killa Bees we on da swarm!!!!!!!!     