 In 1989 a little known Seattle, Washington trio were playing a heavy guitar, speedy drumming, and moving bass line of songs that would later be known as the "Grunge" movement. After touring relentlessly for a year or so, the trio went into Reciprocal Rcordings with producer Jack Endino to make the prelude to their 1991 breakthrough simply called "Nevermind". The band was Nirvana and their breakthrough was called Bleach. The begging of the record starts with a moving bass line only commitable by Krist Noveselic on "Blew" and leads into very low tuned guitars and fierce tribal drumming from Pre-Nevermind drummer Chad Channing. Kurts vocals in this song are deep pitched and tragic as he claims "Is there another reason for your stain/Could you believe who we knew was stress or strain?/ Here is another word that rhymes with shame." Next is the heavy yet fast recording of "Floyd the Barber" while the lyrics to this song are as scary as the boogeyman himself, the chorus is simply irristable and catchy. Next comes the Beatles' influenced melodic masterpiece "About A Girl" while the guitars and drums are somewhat simplistic the melody is extremely catchy and you'll be singing it all day. Next on the list is the very well played "School", while the lyrics are Sub-par the guitar and drumming is excellent as well as the fantastic bass line and incredibaly catchy "No Recess" line. "Love Buzz" follows and its irrisistable bass line draws you in like a trap into the Shocking Blue cover of catchy bass and solid lyrics. Next comes probably the heaviest song of the cd, the offbeat but hard rocking "Paper Cuts". While the guitars are out of tune and the drums are as pounding as a headache it still leaves you wanting more due to its hypnotizing chorus. Next comes one of my favorites of Nirvana's called "Negative Creep" with hard, bruising guitars and schreechy, sore singing by Kurt this makes Pantera sound like faries(Even though Pantera is awesome). "Scoff" comes after and has one of my favorite drum beats of all time on it. While the song itself is rather weak the track shows the vocal strength of Kurt Cobain. "Swap Meet" the third best on the album, brings to mind later Nirvana songs like Very Ape and Lounge Act. "Mr. Moustace" trancends with some solid guitars and some sore vocals from kurt but overall the song is worth skipping so you can get to the next song "Sifting" my personal favorite Soundgarden-like Nirvana song. "Sifting is an interesting song in that its deeply lidden guitars, bass, and vocals are still so catchy its crazy(it took me 2 days to get this song out of my head). "Big Cheese"  comes afterwards and is pretty good with only one minor problem, Kurts vocals are so melodic and smooth at times that you begin to wonder if this is what Nirvana wanted to sound like, while incrediably catchy..it doesnt display Nirvana's early sound that well. "Downer" a ritilan induced speed punk song is the final track and is a solid way to end the album with some pretty good drumming and lyrics this is definatley a keeper. While this is no Nevermind or In Utero its still worth spending your money on...just be warned, this record may change your life.       