 New York City, that is...Amazing is the best way i can describe this record. In the realeasing of this disc Interpol has made it clear that thier sophmore effort would be nothing like any other album this year. Antics begins with the Slow, harmonical drawls of "No Exit" and leads into "Evil" which begins with a pounding bass line and a harmonical proclaim of "Rosemary" which trancends into the next track on the album "Narc" which has a largley new wave influenced musical score and vocal score as well but still turns out as one of the weaker tracks on the album. "Take You On A Cruise" comes shortly there after with a smooth guitar line and actually clever laid back lyrics with lines like "Time is like a broken watch and make money like Fred Astaire". "Slow Hands" which is possibly the best song on the record is the essential rock song of the album and leaves a trail of oily rock behind that lingers in your head for weeks(Trust me it wont get out of your head!!!)."Not Even Jail" is not even close to being a very good song, it starts out very oddly and dis harmonized and leads into weak singing and simple bass that i must admit is terrible. "Public Pervert" follows and really gets you moving with funk/blues influenced guitar riffs and excellingly simple drums that actually are more needed than fancy kicks or rolls. "C'mere" is like a cross between of "Slow Hands" and "No Exit" with essentially the same music as "No Exit" but the rock feel of "Slow Hands". Following the "Slow Hands" and "No Exit" merger comes the shockingly romantic "Length Of Love" which i must say has a really fricking awesome cranky synth guitar line. The last song on the album entitled "A Time To Be So Small" is a creepy vocaled new wave meets indie rock song that is a fairly weak finish to an excellent album and  I must say even though this album DOES have its faults, it is still 95% better than any of the other junk out today. So in this case, this New York City indie rock band rocks harder than most heavy metal bands and puts them to shame with every song that passes...i give this Disc of silver four stars for the reason that it probably is one of the best New York City albums in a while. So...point in case...Long Live Interpol!     