 Any true hip hop fan knows that Hip Hop is not just based on rhymes and lyrics...but tons of other elements also add to the genre like charisma,energy, and most importantly the beats; and when it comes to crunk beats Lil' Jon comes fully packed as one of the south's best producers and crunk artists. In truth Lil' Jon IS the king of crunk...when noone else was doing beat based, non rhyming raps that is exactly what Lil' Jon was doing with his possee the East Side Boyz, and this album cements Jon in Hip Hop history as the king of Dirty south crunk: 1.Kings Of Crunk(Intro)-N/A 2.Throw It Up-B-I really like the beat on this one but the rhymes arent as good as some of the other tracks. 3.Knockin Heads Off-A-Jadakiss makes a really ill guest appearence on this and as usual Lil' Jon does his trade mark "OKAY".  4.Pimpin Ken Speaks-N/A 5.Bitch-B+-Really infectious hook is what makes this song memorable. 6.I Don't Give A F**k-B+-This song always makes me laugh because of Lil Jon's "Okays". The actual song is hot though and a good club anthem. 7.Rep Your City-A Minus-I really like Petey Pablo's guest appearence on this track, really catchy hook too. 8.Push That N!&&a, Push That H#e-B+-This song will make you really want to mosh. Just a really crunked up club anthem. 9.Keep You Chullin Out The Streets-C-This is a filler with no hook and weak rhymes and a weak beat. 10.Diamonds-C+-The second filler of the album, i don't really feel this track.  11.Weedman Skit-N/A 12.Weedman-B-The only reason i like this is because the vocals are really soothing and good. 13.Nothin On-B-Really entrancing hook and also the first time Lil Jon actually rhymes on a track. 14.Luke Talkin S%!t-N/A 15.Ooh Na Naa Naa-C-Two Live Crew did it better with the "Me So Horny" stuff. 16.Nothins Free-B-The hook is the great part of the song, everything else is just stupid. 17.Play No Games-A-I really love this hook plus the rhymes are good, BUT the beat is what makes the track great. 18.Pitbulls Cuban Rideout-A-Pitbull really spits it for the Cubans out there. 19.Get Low-A+-First single and honestly the best song on the CD. Everything about the song is just Crunk Perfection. 20.T.I.P.-N/A 21.BME Click-A-Really Ill beat and some pretty good rhymes.  Final Conclusion:This is probably one of the best crunk CD's of all time. Just Crunk Brilliance from beggining to end. Not a classic Hip Hop Record, but good nonetheless.     