 First off I would like to say that rap isnt really my cup of tea. You can probably already tell this because i use expressions like "My Cup Of Tea" but i have to admit that when I first put this record in the player i was blown away. The disc starts out with the funny skit "Intro" wich leads into the best track on the album "We Dont Care" which is a powerful ode to drug dealing in the streets wich makes a powerful statement by having small children sing the verse "And all my people that are Drug dealing just to get by,stack ya money till it gets sky high" a powerful definition to life on the streets. "Graduation Day" which is a weaker track on the album but has a very good techno singing track added to it, next comes "All Falls Down" an excellent ode to self conciousness and the trouble of life that features a sample of Lauren Hill that blends perfectly with the acousic bass strums of "All Falls Down". "I'll Fly Away" follows with gospel feel that trancends into the next track "Spaceship" a harmonical vocaled, smooth rhymed masterpiece about the stress of superstardom and work. "Jesus Walks", possibly the most influential and best song of the album, comes with a vengance as Kanye raps about the toughness of life on the streets that tempts and tears someone apart and the only one that can save you is Jesus as portrayed in this God-Fearing masterpiece. "Never Let Me Down"  which features Jay-Z is possibly one of the smoothest sailed rap songs I have ever heard with a beautifly sung chourus and fast, clean rhyming straight from the microphone. "Get 'Em High" which is my least favorite song of the album, is a stereotypical pot loving rap flow that has good beats but is too common for me to really appreciate. "Workout Plan" is another pretty funny skit that soon leads into "The New Workout Plan" wich is a violin workout song that has a nice beat and rhymes that flow like water from the Nile River. "Slow Jamz" is an awesomley well crafted song that has a shockingly well sung chourus by actor Jamie Foxx(Who knew the guy could sind AND act?)and has a smoothly rapped verse by Kanye before Twista steals the show with rapping faster than a damn bullet train at 239 mph. "Breathe In Breathe Out" is a mediocre track featuring Ludacris and has a pretty good beat to it but the rhyming just is sub-par. "School Spirit Skit 1" is a fairly ridiculous skit but is kinda funny with the lines "And don't forget about that drug habit u picked up at school bein around your peers Hey now you'll get that 25 thou, job a year and You'll spend all your money on crack cocaine, but it'll be you're your money No more borrowin money from mom for my high!" and leads into "School Spirit" is an awesome song with a really damn cool helium sung chourus and has some pretty good rhyming besides the kind of annoying " Alpha, step. Omega, step Kappa, step. Sigma, step" line that is repeated over and over and over again and gets annoying after a short while(Just imagine only hearing Alpha, step. Omega, step Kappa, step. Sigma, step for 3 minutes). "Lil' Jimmy Skit" is a HILARIOUS skit about being the smartest dead guy. "Two Words" is another song about how hard life is on the streets of America's biggest cities and says the very true words "Kanye West Hot Sh#t" over and over as it Kanye is reminding you of how smooth he really raps. "Through The Wire" is a excellent memoir of the car crash that almost ended Kanye West's life and describes in great deal how hard it was to get by after the crash that nearly claimed his life. The track also features a sample from the song "Through The Fire". "Family Buisiness" is a very clever song about how Kanye loves his family and how appreciative he is that he has a family. And finnally is the WAAAAAY to long song "Last Call" which is good at first but then goes on for 8 minutes of immature stupid adlibbed giggling, but has some good rhyming on it anyway. As a conclusion to this review i must say one last thing about this, Kanye West has made a new "Chronic" or "Raising Hell" and i suggest you buy this piece of Hip Hop history in the making as soon as you can because like Kanye so aptly says..."Im Kanye West...Hot Sh#t."        