 Basil Harwood talks to his friend, Lord Henry Wotton, about his latest painting, a portrait of a striking young man named Dorian Gray to whom he has taken quite a fancy.  He feels that his art has never been alive as it has since meeting this young man.  Intrigued at his friends acute interest, Lord Henry determines to meet the young man himself, and quite by chance, manages to remain in the studio as Dorian arrives and stands for the finishing touches to his portrait. Once it is completed, Lord Henry comments on how youthful the painting is, remarking how unfortunate it is that the portrait will always remain as young as on the day it was painted, whereas Dorian will slowly age, losing his youth and looks to time.  Dorian frets over this and says that he would give anything if only his portrait would age instead of him. Weeks later, after an unfortunate scene with his fiance, Dorian notices a subtle change to his portrait, a certain cruel turn of the lips.  As the days pass, he notices more changes and begins to realize that he can commit every vice and cruelty imaginable without any harm coming to him.  His portrait will bear the brunt of his adventures.  But at what price?  As the years pass, he begins to wonder about the state of his very soul and if he can change, perhaps bring the portrait back to its original beauty. This is a great novel, dealing for the most part with man's quest for eternal youth.  Who wouldn't want to stay young forever?  We go through fad diets, gyms, botox, plastic surgery -- all in the name of trying to remain healthy and youthful.  Dorian is given a unique opportunity, the consequences of which show him the havoc that all the vices and cruel acts have upon his soul (or his conscience).  We also get to see how getting what you wish for doesn't always turn out the way you thought it would.   It's a well-written story, full of unique characters. The majority of the male characters seem to have no problem whatsoever having intimate relationships with other men.  By his actions, Basil appears to be in love with Dorian.  Dorian, in turn, is infatuated with Lord Henry, even thought both of them do have relationships with women (for Dorian, a fiance; for Lord Henry, a wife).  There's even a bit of jealousy on the part of Lord Henry's wife when she finally meets the man who's been monopolizing her husband's time. At times, though, it does move slowly due to long passages discussing the place of art in society and philosphizing about the quest for youth and beauty.   In these passages the text seems to turn more into a lecture rather than a novel.  That, however, does not take away from the enjoyment of the novel.     