 The planet Shora is covered completely by water, giving it the name The Ocean Moon.  Its inhabitants, all female, have lived peacefully for tens of thousands of years, peacefully co-existing with all the creatures of the planet.  That is, until the Valan traders from the neighboring planet of Valedon come, bringing with them pollution and a terrible stonesickness. To understand the Valans, two Sharers leave for Valedon with the hope of sharing learning with them: Usha the Inconsiderate and her lovesharer, Merwen the Imaptient, who believes deep down that Valans are humans, too, like the Sharers of Shora.  For her to prove this, she must teach a Valan the ways of Shora, and after their ordeal on Valedon, they bring home with them a young stonecutter's son, Spinel. As Spinel's learnsharing begins, the Patriarch, protector of Valedon, wants to bring Shora into its folds in order to make use of its valuable resources such as minerals and fish.  His Envoy dispatches a military unit to move relations along, at first with kind words.  When that goes nowhere, he resorts to terrorism, both ecological and physical.  Undaunted, the Sharers, unaccustomed to useless killing, fight back with pacifism and intelligence, hoping to bring an end to this unwanted presence on their homeworld. Slonczewski has created two very distinct and intriguing worlds, populated with very human-acting characters.  One item I truly liked about this book is the interplay of the contrasting world views of the Sharers and the Valans don't think that the either is human: the Sharers consider Valans nothing more than children who need to learn in order to grow; the Valans think of Sharers as nothing more than catfish.  Faced with a problem, one species uses patience and diplomacy, whereas the other immediately resorts to violence.  And stuck in the middle is young Spinel, torn between his homeworld and his new-found family. A fantastic novel full of rich characters and whose themes of environmentalism and activism ring true today.  A definite page-turner!     