 A man waiting at a traffic light suddenly goes blind for no apparent reason.  Not a dark blindness, but a unique whitening, as if looking at a blank movie screen.  Then, the man who helped him home goes blind and soon, more and more reports of sudden blindness are sweeping through the city.  The government, in an effort to stem this epidemic, confines the newly blind and those who have been in contact with them to a mental institution.  After a few days, the conditions become horrific, food becomes scarce, and baseness soon starts to grab hold of the internees.  One lone woman is witness to everything, waiting for her turn to become one of the blind, becoming the eyes for a small group of internees as they survive in this new whitened world.  The sense of disorientation and loss caused by this inexplicable blindness comes across not only in his description of places and living conditions, but also in how everyone communicates.  Saramgo does not separate each character's speech into separate paragraphs, but has them run into one another in long, flowing paragraphs that confuse the reader, making him/her feel as though he/she is blind as well, not knowing who is speaking, only hearing voices.  The reader also sees society at its worst: an alarmist government, soldiers going off half-cocked for fear of being blinded themselves, communities in the grips of fear that turn against one another, the degradation the one human can cause another.  The character of the Doctor's wife - the lone woman with sight - witnesses all these horrors, but still maintains a sense of what is right and wrong.  She remains the voice and eyes of reason, altruistically helping those in her ward to survive until the next day and the next.  "Blindness" is a powerful and disturbing novel from author Jos Saramago that shows the resiliency of the human spirit.  Things that we take for granted may suddenly disappear, but humanity can persevere and adapt in the face of such changes.  A wonderous reading experience.     