 Harlan Brown is an ex-Marine and a track coach.  In 1974, after he is dismissed from Penn State due to rumors of an alleged homosexual romance with one of his athletes, Harlan finds himself as the track coach at Prescott, a smaller university which he discovers is a more diverse than any other school in the country.  Harlan's coaching life is thrown into turmoil when three young track athletes, kicked out of another university for their openness about their sexuality, want to join his team.   One of the athletes, Billy Sive who looks to be a contender for the Montral Olympics, piques his interest, and Harlan soon finds himself falling for the young man.  Billy begins to have the same feelings for Harlan.  Once they admit their feelings, they form a strong, positive relationghip face together the fear and hatred of the athletic world and society, determined to give Billy his shot at a gold medal. First published in 1974, this became a national bestseller.  Patricia Nell Warren's depiction of two gay athletes in the 1970s is filled with so much that's positive about being gay: Harlan and Billy form a strong, monogamous relationship and don't hide it from the rest of the world.  (They also don't flaunt it.)  They tackle many issues that gay men and women are struggling with today: gay marriage, children, gay rights.  The novel also handles the societal negatives regarding homosexuality with much humanity and empathy.  You can either run and hide from it, or you can stare it down, be happy with yourself. I also liked the characters.  Harlan has only recently come out and is trying to deal with his feelings and jealousies along with his memories of the past and society.  Billy is calm, confident, knows who and what he is and is determined that no one is going to keep him from what makes him happy.  The two of them together make a great and very realistic couple. While it is a gay novel, it's also a sports novel.  Warren was a long-distance runner herself and draws from her experiences to give a realistic view of the amateur sports world, especially when it comes to the politics of jsut being able to compete.  It's a world that I found very intriguing and want to learn more about. This is a remarkable book, one that should be read by everyone, gay and straight.     