 In "3 Lives," Gertrude Stein recounts the life stories of three very different women living and dying in the city Bridgepoint. With "The Good Anna," we learn the story of a German maid, who maintains the homes of various grand ladies throughout her life. She loves taking care of stray dogs and scolding young ladies into what she deems to be their proper stations. She also cultivates a strong friendship with the widow Mrs. Lehntman, the great "romance" of her life. (Though, it's never entirely clear what is meant by "romance:' either a very strong friendship or an actual intimate relationship.)    In "Melanctha," we are related the history of a young black woman, bright and intelligent, who wants to learn more about life and love. She develops relationships with many different men but learns most of what she needs during her "wanderings" with Jane Harden. After a time, she finally decides to settle down and to get "really married" to the right man. She thinks she finds that in Dr. Jeff Campbell, but neither one knows exactly what he/she really wants.    In the final story, "The Gentle Lena," Lena is a young German girl, brought to the States by a cousin. She is considered ugly and dimwitted so no one in her new family really takes to her. All the girls taunt and tease her. Finally, she is et up in an arranged marriage to a man who doesn't really like women (though it's never said flat out whether or not he is gay). They have children, and the husband falls for the children, ignoring Lena completely.    All three women wind up alone, forgotten and eventually dead. But, that's not what I really didn't like about this book. Stein's use of language tended to get in the way, so much so that I could never really understand what characters were saying and could never empathize with them. In fact, with "Melanctha," their constant repetition of names and long-winded sentences that turn around on themselves to regurgitate what was said in the preceding sentences, made the characters seem simple-minded. I never liked any of the characters because I never felt that I was given anything to like. And, if I was, I had trouble discerning it through the tangle of words. I re-read passages many times simply to try to understand what was happening or what a character was feeling/thinking and never really understood. They came across very two-dimensional.    I forced myself to finish the book but still would have trouble recommending it, mostly due to the use of language.     