 Mary Haines believes she has the perfect life with a wonderful husband and loving daughter.  Perfect, that is, until she hears the idle gossip from the woman at the spa about how Mr. Haines has taken up with Crystal Allen, a shopgirl who sells perfume.  Listening to her friends Sylvia Fowler, Edith Potter, and Peggy Day, Mary does all she can to win back her husband from the scheming arms of Crystal. This Geroge Cukor film has one of the sharpest scripts written for the screen, and features many of the Golden Era's best actresses: Norma Shearer as Mary Haines; Joan Crawford as the conniving shopgirl Crystal; Joan Fontaine as the innocent Peggy Day; and in one of the best performances, Rosalind Russell as the fast-talking Syliva Folwer.  Her rapid-fire delivery of some of the most sarcastic lines is amazing to watch, and she gives the character much comic flair.  Marjorie Main pops in for a while as Lucy, who runs a ranch in Reno for women going through divorces.  In a short but fantastic scene, Virginia Grey plays Pat, another shopgirl working with Crystal who can't help but try to unnerve Crystal while she's on the phone with Mr. Haines.  Even columnist Hedda Hopper makes a brief appearance toward the end of the film. Two other remarkable notes about this film:  of the 135-member cast, there is not one man present in the film.  And two: the film is black and white, with the exception of a fashion show sequence toward the middle of the film which is shown in glorious technicolor.  It's a bit lengthy but marvelous to look at all those fashions designed by Adrian (who has quite a long list of memorable films to his design credits). The DVD is a restored version of the film.  (The difference can be seen in the alternate version of the fshion show sequence included as a bonus.)  Also, there are two short films: one about the romance of the cinemal the other about using the movies to influence the fashion trends around the world.  Wonderful bits of movie history.  This is a great film, full of smart dialogue and great acting.  A true cinema classic.     