 600 years after the nuclear apocalypse, Brother Francis of the Albertian Order of Leibowitz (AOL) is performing his Lenten fast in the desert of Utah.  During his fast, he sees a man wandering through the desert.  This man leads Brother Francis to a hidden cave that contains warnings about the Fallout (a creature he would never like to encounter) and also some documents from the Blessed Leibowitz.  He brings them to the attention of his abbot, who contacts New Rome withthe hopes that this may finally bring about the canonization of Leibowitz. Jump ahead another 600 years.  Leibowtiz has become a saint, and thanks to the efforts of the AOL, many of his documents have been faithfully copied and recopied.  Brother Kornhoer decides to take one of the documents, a "blueprint" as it is called, and creates an arc lamp for the first time.  Meanwhile, Thon Thaddeo, a scholar, needs to visit the abbey to peruse the Memorabilia of Leibowitz and the time before the Deluge and the Simplification.  The abbot is unnerved when he discovers that the thon's companions are sketching the abbey as a possible military stronghold. 1800 years have passed since the Saint Leibowitz perished after the Deluge.  Humankind is almost back to where it was with computers, cars that drive themselves and even space travel and colonization of other planets.  the new abbot of the AOL, fearing the latest news of global discord and a possible nuclear war, assembles a small team to take the Memorabilia and other documents of the Deluge and the Simplification to Centarus, out in space. This is a fascinating novel following the monks of the Albertian Order of Leibowitz, who are the safeguards of knowledge concerning the first nuclear war.  It spans 1800 years and during that time, mankind goes from almost complete disappearance to a renaissance.  But have they learned from the mistakes of the past? The novel is filled with very rich descriptions of the new world in each of the three book sections: going from the post-apocalyptic to the desert-like conditions of the far distant future.  Also, enough locations have similar names to giv ehe reader a certain familiarity.  For example, much of the story takes place in the states of Utah and Texarkana.  Already, the reader knows that they are in the former United States and in which area.  Another intriguing feature of this book is te positive light in which religion is portrayed.  The monks maintain the history and try to learn from it, to pass along that information.  It's the world around them that maligns and misuses it. This is an entertaining and intellectual novel that deserves it place as one of the classics of science fiction.     