 That's right Ion Storm has managed to do the impossible, make a game I  like more than Half-life. Deus Ex is a work of art to every sense.       For starters Deus Ex has the best story out of all the games I've played  (it's better than most movies too). The settings change in almost every  mission, you go from New York to Hong Kong to Paris, and many other  incredibly detailed areas. The plot is deeply woven and contains many  shocking twists and turns. Then for the frightening part, look up some of  these orginizations on a search engine. Yes MJ-12 really does exist and hey  so does UNATCO. But perhaps the coolest part about this story is that no  matter how far fetched it's based on reality and could really happen.       The graphics are nothing short of spectacular, except for some of the  extreme close ups on the characters, but hey they weren't any better in any  other game released within the past year and from the previews I've seen  they aren't going to within the next year. On another note, yes I know  there has been a fuss raised about DX's video card support but people are  just nit-picking, if you download the beta D3D patch you'll be just  fine.      The sound effects are mostly execellent with the exception of  voice acting. In some places, namely Hong Kong, the voice acting was just  awful and yet other times in was perfect. I tend to disagree with other  reviewers in my beleif that J.C. (your character) sounded just right, cold  and calculating. Besides voice acting the sounds were perfect the ambiance  of a Hong Kong Market was just right, while hearing nothing but the wind  and distant footsteps on empty New York Streets was nothing short of  spooky.     DX's gameplay was also very good although the A.I. (artifical  intelligence) could have used some work. Fights are usually fast paced and  exciting where as puzzles are brain teasing but not to the point of  detracting from the gameplay. Of Course DX's big difference from Half-life  and what makes it an RPG is the ability to customize your character. This  is handled in two ways skill points awarded through completing mission  objectives and progressing through out the game and Augmentations. Augs are  things that can be added to your player's body it's kinda hard to explain  simply but it's sorta like adding robotic parts to a human body.      All  in all this is quite possibly the best game ever. The game drew me into  it's world and I almost didn't wanna leave when it was over. Can't wait  until DX2!!     