 40 years after Matt Cvetic's death, and long after Cvetic was forgotten in the public mind, Daniel Leab's's hardcover, "I Was a Communist for the F.B.I: The Unhappy Life and Times of Matt Cvetic" stands as the definitive biography. Payne's slim little tome (published through vanity-press publisher AuthorHouse) however reads like someone who was a secret admirer of Cvetic, and just couldn't stand to see Leab have the last word.  It seems like Payne started out with the idea of writing an apolgia or a eulogy, but once he get rolling can't help but confirm all that had been said about the man. A Poor Man's James Bond FBI wannabe (think: Incrediboy) whose gonzo-like independent 'investigations' made him too much of a gadfly for the FBI to ignore, Cvetic rode the coattails of Sen. Joseph McCarthy to fame with only a few crumbs of funding from the political right. By stretching his threadbare FBI connections, the former salesman and low-level government employee got the attention he was looking for and stretched his particular brand of anticommunist agitprop into a career long before pundits like G. Gordon Liddy and Ollie North would do the same.  Payne's book doesn't add much to the story of Cvetic, and its lack of footnotes, unaccredited attributions and mantra-like commentary ('Cvetic risked his life for Nine Years investigating the Communist Party' appears over and over again) makes one wonder what the point is. To the author's credit, Payne makes little attempt to cover up Cvetic's many flaws - although the overall effect is rather sad. ("He was a drunk, a womanizer and a self-promoter - but he was patriotic, and he never got rich!") I imagine the tone might have been different if Leab's well-researched book hadn't been published first.  The last half of the book (and I do mean half - pages 40 through 80) contain mostly speeches of the day unrelated directly to Cvetic and "random thoughts" about the McCarthyistic climate of the time. Purely filler, but interesting - it's not pretty sticking up for the times of HUAC and McCarthy, and the author doesn't try to.     