 I read this book because of the debate with lefotwitz mentioned this book in here book. During this time I was really not that educated with the culture and history of the ancient egyptains.Most Americans really have no ideal what ancient egypt truly was except for a few specials on the discovery channel and some books written on the subject by biased egyptologist.    I read the book with an open mind,because believe it or notmuch of history has been rather distored by 19th century egoism of europeans seeking to prove the dynamic race and try their hardest to not admit the ancient egyptains were africans,and if they were africans they were not black in their views.  Pusedo anthropology has for eons held these beliefs about ancient egypt and many people still honestly believe this to be the case.   White supremist have web sites dedicated to proving egyptains were white people,and while mainstream archeology and egyptology does not even use modern day egyptains to play the role of egyptain people,which is a disgrace.   The greeks however were influenced by the ancient kemetians,and I would not go so far as to say aristotle stole his wroks fromthe library of alexzandria,but there was definatley a type of intellectual sharing in ancient kmt between the greeks and kemetians.   Greeks even admitted in many of their books that ancient egyptains taught them much. Pythagoras,thales,anaxgoras,and many others went to egypt and learned from the egyptains. The solid concrete evidence is that many yers before the so called pythgoras theroem the ancient egyptains knew it on the rhind papyrus. Thales the person who was half phonecian came up wioth the first scienitifc princicples came to egypt and learned from the egyptains.   Leftowitz who has attacked this book might be right onb many accounts,but she does not explain how european scholars have worked around many ways to rewrite history themselves. Socrates probally never went to egypt,nor did plato untill it was alexzandria,but you can cleary see that plato had a great admiration for egypt,and their customs. In laws plato calls greeks pigs and talks about how egyptain children learn their alphabet through a game.   What many people don't realize is it is true the ancient egyptains were amung the first philsophers,and did leave with them a philsophical tradition. The instructions of ptahhotepis amun the oldest books in the world. scholars have chosen to label these as quote wisdom texts and ignore the fact that they contain ethnics of how to live in scoeity alomost 4,000 years before the greeks existed.   So read the book with an open mind,and yes there are blunders that james makes,likethe aristotle part.     