 This review is for the season, not the dvd package. This season seemed to go off track from the great first season. While it is still superior to most of the teen dramas on the air today, a lot of things didn't work for me in season 2.  Of all the new characters (and there were quite a few) only Felix really worked - until they ruined his character toward the end. The other new characters were pretty much a yawn fest, including Felix's dull sister. Felix had great chemistry with Brooke and really brought out a lot of intensity to some of the other characters. He had real potential of becoming a very complex character for many years to come.   Speaking of Brooke, boy, did they ruin her character. She was a fun, edgy character who, unrealistically, transformed into a dull, responsible cliche. And what happened to the Lucas/Peyton romance. Just because the actors that portray Lucas and Brooke are married doesn't mean that their characters should hook up on the show. Let's explore Lucas and Peyton some more.  My two favorite relationships of the series - Nathan/Hayley and Nathan/Lucas were sacrificed this season for very poor stories. The brotherly relationship is the heart and soul of the show, while Hayley was completely written out of character. Who knew that Nathan would turn out to be the mature one in that relationship?  As for the adults, where was Whitey for most of the season? Or for that matter, the basketball team and high school??? The new relationships for Keith and Karen didn't work. And Nathan's mother did a complete 180 with her personality. Only the wicked Dan really was really worth watching. He's the new JR Ewing.  On positive notes, the actress that plays Peyton did some incredible work this season. Also, it did look as if the show was heading back to the right direction with the last few episodes of this season. Nathan's 'what if' dream was classic.  Regardless, I will still buy this season because I love this show. Here's hoping that season 3 gets back on track.     