 It did take a creative genius like Tim Burton to put this story unto celluloid. While this film has entertainment value, the content is more of a serious nature. Aside from the depiction of an interesting father/son relationship, this movie also tackles vital aspects of human nature regarding the retelling of certain events, or stories that we all tell to put it simple. While these stories may seem unbelievable to some, these may be perceived by others as flat out lies. "Big Fish" brings out the magic of the workings of our memories that while there might be even a significant underlying truth and actual events to every story, our perception and memories are also influenced and even dominated by our emotions at the time of such events and later on again when retelling and/or expressing such memories. It's the memories that nobody can steal from us and which we carry with us throughout our lives. When we share our memories, the issue is not that we retell the exact detail of actual events, but rather that we let our human nature express itself with its emotions, passions to perhaps even share our dreams with others to communicate a moral to a story or maybe even an important lesson in life. We are creative individuals and this is what makes each one of us so very interesting and valuable. That's what this film brings out in a really exceptional way and that's why it is a literal masterpiece. True, this film may not be everybody's cup of tea, but nevertheless it is a sweet story, and makes you think about yourself and other people in your life, as it is also a true classic motion picture event. The acting is absolutely superb as it is always the case with Albert Finney and Ewan McGregor does a great job too. The scenery is beautiful and the photography is exceptional, and sure you will find some of Tim Burton's trademark shocking or even somewhat scary moments, but always the humorous relief. I think this motion picture has been overlooked and it is definitely a treasure in every DVD collection.     