 First of all I didn't see the original from decades ago, and therefore I have no comparison or predisposition in this regard. And sure, it can help to be a Jim Carrey fan to really get the most kicks out of this film, and I'm not a Jim Carrey fan and I still liked this flick. My 12-year old told me that he wants this film on DVD when it comes out. The interesting thing is the thematic of this film and the situation in which Dick (Jim Carrey) and Jane Harper (Tea Leoni) find themselves which in quite a few cases in recent history isn't that unrealistic. High-level and mid-level executive lost their jobs in the last several years as their bright shining companies went belly up because of corporate fraud or whatever. And these folks had a hard time finding a new job while the bills continued to come in ... for the mortgage, the lease for the beamer, etc. -- their lifestyle which was a bit excessive had to be radically changed immediately. It's actually a very realistic scenario for folks like that and it reminds you that there isn't any job security no matter where you at on the corporate ladder. Anyway, this is supposed to be a comedy and it is, but the underlying tone and theme of this film is very serious. And how Dick and Jane try to solve the problem when the money really runs out and the final foreclosure notice from the bank arrives, is also interesting and not recommended as an example to follow. Jim Carrey does his usual goofs and these are getting a little old, meaning we've seen that before and this and that is no longer as hilarious as it once was. But there are still a number of lines, etc. that will make everyone laugh. The problem again with recent comedies, especially remakes is that the jokes and pointers are often predictable and it takes away from the potential hearty laughs. As a comparison I can still watch "Dumb and Dumber" several times a year and I still get a kick out of it every time I watch, which may not be the case with this "Fun with Dick and Jane" flick. Still, it's a funny movie for a Saturday afternoon and some relaxing popcorn crunching. Although there are only a couple of stupid scenes and some language issues, I wouldn't recommend to bring the kids below the age of 13 to this movie as it is correctly rated PG13.     