 It was worth the wait, because the Konica Minolta 2430DL is an excellent color laser printer for the money. And after we almost purchased the HP 2550, it was good that we first compared the actual print quality of various units in its class and even color laser printers that cost twice as much. The comparison tests regarding the acutal print quality and also the features put together with occasional exceptional discounts put the Konica Minolta Magicolor 2430DL Color Laser way ahead of the pack. No question about it, color is very important and the Konica Minolta 2430DL delivers all the way. While the HP e.g. did not produce authentic colors and tiny lines on the images in all the different printouts, the Konica Minolta 2430DL just reproduced/printed even color intensive images with quality. In comparison to the more expensive machines (color laser printers), you usually just get e.g. more paper capacity trays and maybe sometimes with certain units a few more pages per minute, plus network capability, but the Konica Minolta 2430DL has even the network capability already built in via Ethernet and that's a deal as competitive models charge a hundred or even a couple hundred bucks more for that feature. The setup for the 2430DL is easy and took only a few minutes and is virtually automatic. You can connect the 2430DL via USB cable to your PC or Mac and the USB cable is not included -- so don't forget to buy a quality USB cable. Well, if you ever wanted or needed a great quality Color Laser printer at a really affordable low price, and if you didn't want to mess around with inkjet units, then the Konica Minolta Magicolor 2430DL Color Laser printer is an exellent choice with lots of features like 5 Color pages per minute and 20 B/W pages per minute, plus the refill cartridges are readily available and are not that expensive in comparison to most other color laser printers. So, you've got quality, speed, convenience and affordability -- it doesn't get any better than this when it comes to quality color printers.     