 Similar to "Traffic" this motion picture "Syriana" is composed of several stories about the lives and destinies of individuals under one big umbrella. While in "Traffic" most of the various individuals from the different stories never meet, in "Syriana" it all comes together and it is interwoven. The Arab world behind the scenes is very well captured in this film and it certainly was one of George Clooney's best roles ever. The good part was that finally George wasn't running around like a $20+ million actor, instead he plays a somewhat likeable CIA agent with the "usual" "modern" dysfunctional family-type of thing. At times the storyline seems to touch only the surface of the issues without digging deeper, but then it's a motion picture and not a documentary. I don't know what some people meant with the liberal left agenda being promoted in this film ... I don't think it had much to do with it other than there's a touch of "conspiracy" theory packed into this flick, but otherwise it  showed quite a bit of the reality of how international business is conducted even in our days. Matt Damon plays his part well too and of course it's not a Bourne Identity/Supremacy performance because his role is minor. The film has been well executed and you've got to be prepared to think watching this film ... so it's not some relaxing flick for a cozy Saturday afternoon. In the end there are some loose ends, but that's why we have an imagination to figure out such things by ourselves. It's well worth watching this film and the filmmaker is taking us on a journey around the globe introducing us to a world most folks won't be familiar with -- it's very interesting, although it has a rather sad undertone. While "Syriana" shows us the big Oil biz, I would say that Alec Donzi's excellent thriller "The Consultant" (only a book so far) shows us in similar fashion the big Nuke biz around the world -- and I hope that they'll make a movie of Alec Donzi's "Consultant" too ... this would be really great.     