 I don't know how the subject of the Jehovah's Witnesses or the New World Translation have entered into the discussion of the LXX, but a few thoughts should be brought out in the open. The Divine Name is in all known copies of the Septuagint before the middle of the second century. The first-century copies of Theodotion and Aquila have it. I cannot think of a single Greek translation before the middle of the second century that does not have a form of either the Tetragrammaton (YHWH) or the Greek transliteration IAW.  "We know that the the Greek Bible text [the Septuagint] as far as it was written by Jews for Jews did not translate the Divine Name by Kyrios, but the Tetragrammaton written with Hebrew or  Greek letters was retained in such MSS. It was the Christians who replaced the Tetragrammaton by Kyrios, when the divine name written in Hebrew letters was not understood anymore". (Dr. P. Kahle, The Cairo Geniza, Oxford, 1959, p.222) "The removal of the Tetragrammaton from the New Testament and its replacement with the surrogates KYRIOS and THEOS blurred the original distinction between the Lord God and the Lord Christ, and in many passages made it impossible which one was meant. ..Once the Tetragrammaton was removed and replaced by the surrogate 'Lord', scribes were unsure whether "lord" meant God or Christ. As time went on, these two figures were brought into even closer unity until it was often impossible to distinguish between them. Thus it may be that the removal of the Tetragrammaton contributed significantly to the later Christological and Trinitarian debates which plagued the church of the early Christian centuries." George Howard, The Name of God in the New Testament. The NWT was certainly not the first, nor the last to restore the Divine Name to the NT. In fact, the oldest NT mss I own is Shem Tov's Matthew (1385 AD), and it contains the Name. Perhaps a little more education and a little less bigotry will go a long way to appreciating a Bible with the fullest potential for accuracy...and yes, buy Brenton's LXX, as it is a must for Bible students. Feel free to write to me at (email address)     