 One reviewer (Arthur) states, "Buy the book, research behind it carefully, and know the truth." I have done just that, and the results are quite damaging to *Dr* Rhodes, and those who follow him blindly. Consider: Rhodes says  the following regarding the NWT's rendering of the verse at Acts 20:28, "The New World Translation rendering of this verse GOES AGAINST ALL LEGITIMATE TRANSLATIONS OF SCRIPTURE" (p. 86) Does that mean that  J.B. Rotherham, William Barclay, John Nelson Darby, The Revised Standard Version, The Concordant Literal New Testament, The Translator's New Testament, The Holy Bible in Modern English, by Ferrar Fenton, The New Revised Standard Version, the New Jerusalem Bible, Today's English Version, The Contemporary English Version, Alfred Marshall (see the footnote in his Interlinear), etc., are NOT LEGITIMATE!!!  About Zechariah 12:10, Rhodes says "In order to avoid Jesus appearing to be Jehovah or Almighty God, the Watchtower Society deliberately ALTERED the text". But this is a lie, or does Rhodes also consider the Moffatt bible, Smith & Goodspeed, The Bible in Living English, The Revised Standard Version, The New Revised Standard Version, The New American Bible, The Jerusalem Bible, The Contemporary English Version, and many others.  With the above statement he also condemned Gesenius' Hebrew Grammar, ed. E. Kautzsch, trans. A.E. Cowley (Oxford: Clarendon Press), F.F. Bruce (see his History of the Bible in English, p. 199, 200), the editor of the New Interpreters Bible (see vol. 7, p. 828) and none other than the Apostle John!  Yes, the Apostle John, quoting Zech. 12:10 says "They will look on the *one* they have pierced" (see ch. 19, verse 37 in the NIV).   In relation to Christ as a created being (arche in Rev 3:14) the BAGD has actually changed a bit of late. That the interpretation that ARXH means that Christ was created at Rev 3:14 has been upgraded from poss. [possible] to prob. [probable]. (See BADG) As for John 8:58 (I have been), Rhodes says, "That is one of the clearest examples of the JW's mistranslating the Bible in order to support a doctrinal bias." p.113 What Rhodes does not tell you is that even his own precious NASB had at one time offered "I have been" as variant reading. In fact, many trinitarians have abandoned the traditional rendering and offered one more in line with the NWT (see New Living Translation, Living Bible, Lamsa, International English Bible, Simple English Bible, Beck, Williams, International Bible Translators, Schonfield, etc etc.) Rhodes never gives these alternatives. In fact, the above is just the tip of the iceberg. Rhodes time and again misleads and lies to his readers ad nuaseum. I am one of Jehovah's Witnesses, and I actually use this book in my ministry to point out the gross misrepresentations that he presents. It is helping people come to Jehovah, but not in the way Rhodes had expected.  -Heinz     