 Nahin's text on the history of i is an exciting, comprehensive look into the origins of i and its elementary theoretical applications.  It rightfully has been compared to Eli Maor's wonderful book "e: The Story of A Number", which deserves five stars in its own right.  I do have to take issue with some of the other reviews posted here.  For instance, a few have said that you have to have a "graduate math" background to fully appreciate this book?!?  Who are they kidding?  Nahin actually *sacrifices* mathematical rigor in order to improve his exposition.  Anyone with a real mathematics background knows that complex analysis gets far more complicated than the basic material Nahin presents in his book.  To get an idea, you can peruse Walter Rudin's fine text "Real and Complex Analysis".    To be fair, I agree with the reviewer who wrote that Nahin should not have omitted material on Klein groups, Julia and Mandelbrot sets.  However, I can understand why he did.  It is difficult to write on such subjects as groups and fractals to an audience intended to have a (motivated) high school or freshman calculus background.  I read this book, understood it, and loved it, long before I had any idea what groups or fractals were.  Nahin gives fair warning in the introduction to his book that it is not a "mathematical lightweight".  I do think that a solid background in (single variable) calculus, including power series, is crucial to a true appreciation of the book.  In particular, one must know these things to value the genius of Euler and others in the section on "Wizard Mathematics".   Nahin does tread lightly into other topics, such as differential equations and (advanced) algebra, but to say these are a prerequisite to reading the book is ridiculous.  I think even if the reader has never encountered ideas such as the Fundamental Theorem of Algebra before, they serve to enrich, not detract from, the material.  In any case, the reader should be pleased to see a leisurely treatment of something so blown out of proportion as FTA, as an understanding of it is basic to anything beyond calculus.  Proofs of it are rich in variety, ranging from topology to geometry to complex variables (using the theorem of Liouville and properties of entire functions).  One criticism that is entirely justified is the typographical errors that regrettably plague the book.  In particular, the theorem of Green, relating double integrals to single contour integrals, a result that is surprising and illuminating.  However, the careful reader can usually spot and correct such errors, and he or she should be delighted in their own astuteness, rather than blame the author.    He does a wonderful job explaining the conceptual basis of i, and I think this overrides any of the books minor flaws.  The book does seem to end rather abruptly, however, and I hope that if the author chooses to revise his work, he will expand upon the material, in particular, a (brief?) treatment of the Residue Theorem, the crowning jewel of complex integration.  Perhaps even a section on conformal mapping?  I do realize though that this may place the book too far out of reach of his intended audience.  The bottom line: if you want a storybook, this is not for you.  If you *really* like mathematics, and have a historical bent, this book will satisfy you.  If second semester calculus is a painful memory, steer clear because this book has its share of series and integrals.     