 ***WARNING: A few plot spoilers follow!*** First of all, I must say I am reviewing this film as a jaded horror fan which has seen the best and worst of horror that Hollywood has had to offer.  It seems that over the past 20 years that the trend has gone from genuinely frightening to ho-hum to laughable.  Therefore, I love it when certain "new classics" arise to prove that trend is not always correct. "The Changeling" gets the formula right on so many levels.  A haunted house done in the style of "The Haunting" (the Julie Harris version, not the trash that was done on the remake), but with original elements.  George C. Scott (who later went on to star in a great version of "A Christmas Carol") plays "John Russell", a musician who tragically loses his wife and daughter in the blink of an eye one fateful day.  He choses to move to a vast, empty mansion in Seattle where he resides alone.  Or so he thinks.  He soon learns that he has an uninvited guest when unexplained clanging and drafts occur on a regular basis. One might argue that if this film was made today, the director may have resorted to CGI for this film, thus ruining some of the ghostly apparitions.  Maybe so, but thankfully, no cheap tricks or special effects gore clog this movie's veins.  What we encounter is a dark, melancholy house which slowly and almost imperceptibly builds an atmosphere of tension and suspense.  This atmosphere leads to a stratospheric climax in the famous "seance scene", which as one previous reviewer noted, was borrowed in totality by Stephen King for his miniseries "Rose Red".   For that matter, while watching this film, I noticed quite a few similarities from "The Others" as well.  I mean, come on, a groundskeeper named "Mr. Tuttle"?  Also, the idea of the "seen" vs the "unseen" history of the house (for example, the piecing together of the history of its inhabitants prior to the 1920s).  "The Others" accomplishes this similarly with the hidden photo albums in the attic, in addition to the deliberately vague information provided by the three strangers who appear to take care of the house.  And "Rose Red" has the main "villianess/heroine/protagonist" (depending on your point of view) actually "living" in a hidden part of the house (whose ever changing geography was a brilliant conception of King and King alone, so far as I know). Anyhow, the thematic similarities between these three films ("The Changeling" of course long preceeded the other two) does nothing the sully the reputation of the two newer films.  On the contrary, I think the writers and production teams were paying homage to this film, and each of those films has many distinctive elements which make them extraordinary on their own. Trish Van Devere puts in a strong performance as Scott's co-star, "Claire Norman".  It did not surprise me later to learn that she and Scott (were, Scott died in 1999) husband and wife, as their scenes together seemed very warm, natural, and convincing.  Of course, in the end, she gets the wits scared out of her and gives quite a few hearty screams. Melvyn Douglas, an accomplished actor himself, stars as "Senator Joseph Carmichael".  We learn that he has an intimate connection to the occurrences at Chessman House, though I must say I was completely surprised by exactly how he fits in the puzzle.  And that is something else worth commenting on.  This is in fact a detective story of sorts, a mystery entertwined with a haunted house.  I found this very interesting, and refreshing, much in the style of "The Others", the magnificent film I alluded to earlier.  There is no "dramatic irony" here because we literally find out what is going on as the character does. I think that some parts are a bit predictable, but it is safe to say that every viewer will be at least slightly taken off guard by the twists and turns this film takes.  And this is a good thing.  The only weaknesses in this film were the insertion of the "conspiracy angle" with Mrs. Huxley and the rather hokey ending with the figure of Senator Carmichael ascending the flaming staircase.  I found myself thinking of the Apostle's Creed, saying, "(Jesus) died, and ascended into hell" (read that carefully).  It is made clear that this is a hallucination of Scott's as another shot shows Douglas sitting at his desk at home, clutching his chest in the throes of a (fatal) heart attack.  Still, I think a much stronger ending would have had Douglas drawing a bath, then found later in his tub, dead, of a heart attack.  No special effects.  No earthquakes.  Just a frozen expression of sheer terror on his face.  And wearing his medal.  After seeing the film, you'll see what I mean by this. Anyway, I shouldn't second guess the writing/direction team on an otherwise flawless effort.  Ideally, I would rate this at four and a half stars, but five does not misrepresent the quality of the film.  Yes, it is definitely a period piece, but what horror movie isn't?  I think that if you have reasonable expectations that don't involve buckets of blood, gore, and a sensory overload of CGI, you'll really enjoy this film.     