 As two new principal characters are introduced to Law & Order in the first episode: S. Epatha Merkerson as Lieutenant Anita van Buren (replacing Captain Don Cragen, played by Dann Florek) and Jill Hennessey is Ben Stone's new assistant district attorney Claire Kincaid (replacing Paul Robinette, played by Richard Brooks).  One of the minor flaws I found with this season is that the character arcs for the departing cast members is never really fleshed out.  However, if you watch the deleted/extended scenes on the DVD, you see a very brief explanation as to what happened to Cragen and Robinette (under the Discord episode).    On that note, you can see what a difference the DVD transfer makes, as the deleted scenes are very grainy, even by VHS standards.  But these deleted/extended scenes are much more substantial than, say, the ones in Season 3.  You do see some material rehashed, but the rest is entirely worth watching.  The audio is excellent, and the sleeve packaging that Universal introduced with Season 3 is very much appreciated.    The series as a whole really starts to hit its stride in Season 4.  Merkerson's presence is a wonderful counterbalance to Noth and Orbach.  Jill Hennessey has a certain vulnerability, tempered by her conviction to see justice prevail.  Her performance in "Censure" is one of the best in the entire season.  Executive ADA Stone (played by Michael Moriarity) still comes off as a little too self-righteous at times, but he still knows how to conduct a cross examination and twist a suspect's lies into a noose to hang them with.  His best performance has to be in "American Dream", where he does battle with an old adversary who nearly ends his career.  Some episodes may make you squirm in your seat (such as "Kids", "Sanctuary", "Profile", "Sweeps" et al.) but that's one of the strengths of this series.  Law & Order, Season 4 continues in the "ripped from the headlines" tradition that made it famous.  Even though this is not my favorite season, it is still a solid 4 star effort and well worth your time and money.  This may be the best season for a Law & Order newbie to begin with as it is a bridge between the old and the new face of the series.  Check it out!     