 These are the issues that are explored in this film, directed by Alan J. Pakula, adapted from the best selling novel by Scott Turow.  It is the story of chief deputy prosecutor Rozat "Rusty" Sabich (Ford) in the fictional Kindle County, whose seemingly normal life is shattered by the murder of a female colleague, Carolyn Polhemus (Scacchi).  A colleague with whom he had previously engaged in an affair and whom he had stalked when she had broken off the affair.  Any illusions you may have about the integrity of the criminal justice system (in this fictional world) are swept away quickly.  Sabich is coerced into heading the investigation of Polhemus' murder by his boss, prosecuting attorney Raymond Horgan (Dennehy).  That is, until Horgan loses his reelection campaign and new prosecuting attorney Nico Della Guardia (Mardirosian) and his second whip Tommy Molto (Grifasi) charge him with Polhemus' murder.  One of the great aspects of this movie is that Sabich, while heading the murder investigation, seems very conflicted about his previous encounters with Polhemus, who we only see in flashback sequences during the film.  We don't know if this is because of his emotional and sexual connection to Polhemus, or because he is the murderer himself.  Suspicions are raised concerning Sabich's guilt throughout the first third of the movie, e.g., his obstruction of his lead investigator Detective Lipranzer (Spencer) by ignoring fingerprint evidence.  This becomes ammunition against him later when he becomes the defendant.  Sabich's wife Barbara (Bedelia) throws gasoline on the fire by constantly nettling Rusty about the previous affair, and, most important, Rusty's obsession with Polhemus which even her death could not end.  Barbara tries to reconnect to Rusty during the movie, but it is clear that he deeply hurt her by the affair, and Rusty knows that he has a lot to atone for.  The net starts closing around Sabich fairly quickly in the second third of the movie.  Everyone except Lipranzer is ready and willing to believe that Sabich is the murderer.  Luckily, Sabich hires former adversary Sandy Stern (Julia) to defend him.  Stern is an outstanding defense attorney, and his instincts eventually lead to a winning strategy that results in the dismissal of charges against Sabich.  But, as Stern asks Sabich later in the film "was justice done?"  The forensic case that is prepared against Sabich is interesting because it predates the active use of DNA in criminal investigations.  Also, the actions of the medical examiner "Painless" Kumagai (Shimono) alternate between the comical and ridiculous.  Nevertheless, the trial that is the centerpiece of the movie is truly engrossing.  The trial judge Larren Lyttle (Winfield) is quite amusing and speaks his mind.  What we come to realize by the middle of the film is that political intrigue, blackmail, and sex influence *everyone* in the film.  Anyone even tangentially involved in the case is dirty in some respect.  No one is innocent.  Although you may guess the true identity of the murderer before the trial ends, I promise you will never forget the speech delivered in the denouement of the film.  As Sabich says in the final minute of the film, "There was a crime.  There was a victim.  And there *is* punishment."  The John Williams score is quite haunting and will stay with you for some time.  All of the principal actors (Ford, Bedelia, Julia, Winfield, Spencer, Mardirosian, Dennehy, Grifasi) deliver powerful performances.  As a bit of trivia, Mardirosian and Grifasi later had guest appearances in the second season of a fledging TV series named Law & Order.  Julia showed that he could play a serious role (unlike other roles in Street Fighter and Addams Family).  As a previous reviewer noted, Julia should have garnered an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor, as his performance carries the film from the second act forward.  Buy this movie, and appreciate its subtleties with a second and third viewing.  I promise you won't be disappointed. Except of course, by the lack of extras (such as director commentary) on the DVD.  Maybe one day a collector's edition will be released.     