 "The Thing" is one of the trilogy of John Carpenter movies that any serious horror fan should own, the others being "Halloween" and "The Fog".  Most of Carpenter's more recent work doesn't hold a candle to his early classics.  "The Thing", as explained by Carpenter in the massive 80 minute documentary "Terror Takes Shape", is *not* a remake of Howard Hawk's 1950 movie "The Thing From Another World".  Rather, Carpenter returned to the source, a story called "Who Goes There?" written by John W. Campbell, Jr. in 1938.  He reinterpreted the story to emphasize the isolation of the characters and the amorphous nature of the thing.  You really have to admire the originality of Carpenter in making this film.  Like he says in the documentary, he most definitely did not want to make another "man in a suit" horror film (as virtually every schlock horror film made prior to 1963 turned out to be).  Carpenter, while delivering the overt shocks and gore we expect, shows that true horror comes from within.  The characters do not only have to contend with the Thing itself, but the paranoia that sets in when they realize that none of them are immune from being taken over.  This paranoia leads them to take drastic measures to prevent the spread of the alien contagion.  I will not say any more about the plot so I won't spoil it for anyone who hasn't watched it.  A few notes on the Collector's Edition DVD are in order.  I must say that this DVD will absolutely thrill you with its special features.  The "Terror Takes Shape" documentary is incredible, and you will want to watch it many times to pick up on the special effects secrets of the film.  Albert Whitlock, famous for his matte paintings shown in Hitchcock's "The Birds", later, "Hindenburg" and "Earthquake", reveals some of his trade secrets.  Rob Bottin, who created most (not all) of the special effects gore for the film is quite amusing as he recounts how his collaboration with Carpenter at the ripe old age of 22 literally shot his career into orbit.  Stan Winston (whose studio created the infamous alien mutt scene) briefly appears as well.  As for the cast itself, Kurt Russell (R.J. MacReady), Charles Hallahan (Norris) and Joel Polis (Fuchs) also talk about their experiences on the film.  But wait, there's more!  Stop motion animation of the Thing, film outtakes, storyboards, the theatrical trailer, and visual effects featurettes can all be found on this DVD.  Brief bios for Carpenter and Russell are also featured.  To address a comment made by another reviewer, there is a booklet that comes with the DVD, which gives a brief synopsis of the film's genesis.  The audio commentary features both Carpenter and Russell, who recount their experiences making the film.  This film is the only serious contender to knock off Halloween as the "best Carpenter film ever".  Watch it on a cold winter's night, and try not to freak out the next time the neighbor's dog tries to tackle you.       