 I had heard of CoB from several other fans of bands such as Dark Tranquillity and In Flames. I decided to give em a look, check out their early material. Man was I blown away, these guys are brutal and melodic at the same time. CoB blows the doors off of every Limp Bizkit, Korn, Kid Rock band out there. To start, these guys are from Finland, which also produced great bands such as Sentenced and Stratovarius. These guys primarily use those brutal, trademark death vox. I love em, while can't understand what hes saying half the time (hey thats what the lyrics in the manual are for, even if half the songs are missing from it....)The greatest thing about these guys are they can be brutal, but keep the beutiful melodic guitar underlying each heavy, chugging riff. Even if the lyrics maybe a bit cryptic at times ("I see angels burning, falling down in ruins"), who cares? Just adds to the brutality of the music. Standout songs on this cd are numerous. One being the brutal intro "Warheart". The cd crypticly begins "From now on we are enemies.....you and I...", and than your hit over the head with crushing base riff and the pounding synths come in and your off. The follow up to this song is beutiful and amazing. "Silent Night Bodom Night", this is a powerful song. Its crushing at the begining with the underlying melodic guitar and pounding double bass. But than comes the chorus which is freaken amazing, the way it builds up cant be put into words. The closer to the cd is amazing as well, a truely epic song (not necesarrily long, just strong in the feeling), "Downfall". It starts off with some synth-e ringing but then comes in a beutiful riff that slowly builds up just as the symbols slowly tap, as Laiho lets out a death scream, sending Raatikainen pounding like a mad man on the double bass, blistering fast. Ill also mention that the solo near the end of the song is top notch work, Laiho did a freaken amazing job on it and its one of my fav solos currently. Overall, these guys are brutal and melodic. They keep the pounding agressiveness but keep that underlying melody to keep the music from going stale. These guys are amazing, and I look forward to picking up Follow the Reaper. Get this cd if you enjoy listening to crushing drums, crushing guitars and pounding overall music.     