 I already own The Jester Race and Clayman and I am definitly a huge fan of In Flames. My first cd was Clayman and it definitley got me into the band. The Jester Race had a celtic feel yet a deep rage that gave the cd the power that it had. Simply amazing. Now I add Colony to my collection and Lunar Strain/Subterannean is in the mail.  Colony did not dissapoint me. In Flames doesnt show an signs of spreading too thin. Each song has its own fresh feel and are very innovative. The Jester Race's music was amazing and intricate but Friden didnt change up the vocals through the whole cd as he did on Clayman. I like to see some range. Colony they keep the hard riffs and of course genious guitar by Stromblad, but also Friden has his high growl and trade-mark death growl. Even in "Ordinary Story" he has a soft spoken passage. Each song is unique and the vocals are some of Fridens best. As for songs on the CD to look for, almost the whole cd is pefect. "Ordinary Story has a great piano in the backround and also keeps up giving a strong chrous with trade-mark In Flames metal. Then comes "Scorn", one of my favs on the cd. They definitly have those double bass drums in there and Stromblads guitar work is amazing. The distorted voice Friden uses gives a nice touch as well. Then my definite favorite on the CD is "ZombieInc". It has a strange begining but once the song begins, In Flames comes together to blend their trademark chugging guitar riffs and the melodic guitar almost perfectly. Fridens top notch on this as well. I wont let it go by without saying Iwers is one of the best Bassists ive heard. He keeps a great rhythem. This is definitly my second favorite cd in my In Flames library (Clayman just keeps my with "Only for the Weak" my current fav =D). Melodic death metal at its best. These guys open a whole new world. I hope to god they never go mainstream and stay the way they are, and of course the famous quote "Species come and go, but the Earth stands forever fast...". In Flames I hope will be here for a long time.     