 After 2 month wait by Amazon I finally received my copy of Lunar Strain/Subteranean. I was definitly interested to hear early In Flames because I came in with their newest CD (Clayman), since than ive bought Jester, Colony, Whoracle. I love everyone of them and this band is definitly my favorite band.  First off I knew that Mikael Stanne was heading the group with vocals (I really love Anders Friden's voice). But from the first song "Behind Space", I was suprised. Mikael's voice is much more death metal esque (of course Stanne is from Dark Tranquility). I really wasnt into the high, gurgling sound of his voice. I love Ander's voice because of his ability to hold it solid while having that high pitch and deep growl. At first this really turned me off to the Lunar Strain portion. I had to listen to it several times and I adjusted to it and ended up enjoying it. Than Henke Forsse heads the Subteranean portion of the CD. His voice is alike Stannes but has a little more substance. I really enjoyed the "Subt" section. Music wise, this is definitly In Flames. The hard riffs, the melodic guitar from Jesper, it all shines. Ill admit the production isnt the best but the sound is overall good. I was blown away by "Dreamscape". If your an In Flames fan you know that they are gods when it comes to instruementals. This ranks up there with Jester Dance, Wayfarer, and Man Made God. I loved it. They also have little interludes of some celtic type music which gives a refreshing break to some songs. Theres also two versions of "Dead Eternity", and "The Inborn Lifeless", which was later on "The Jester Race". I love the song Dead Eternity. I think Stanne did the vocals for this one. This version is also much more melodic.  Overall, this is a must for any In Flames fan. Its definitly a new twist if your from the "Clayman" era, but its In Flames and you have to love it. Their music is inspiring and at the same time breaks away from all the Limp Bizkit crap on the market today. This is a must for any In Flames fan. Now I cant wait for Tokyo Showdown. They are gonna sound kick live!     