 I would first like to point out this is an ONLINE GAME! You will sadly be dissapointed if u are buying it for its offline mode. The online mode is also Diablo style with players creating "Teams" and then joining the teams with a max number of 4 players. This isnt a constant world a la Ultima Online or Everquest.  The graphics in this game are gorgeous. The colors are lush and the textures are detailed. There are some moments when u notice the texture smoothing right in front of your feet but its not a big deal. Each monster is detailed incredibly and the lighting gives each battle and level its own effect. The bosses are amazing and HUGE. Get ready for some epic battles, especially with friends. The first time you beat Dark Fallz online with 3 other people is amazing and you feel youve accomplished something. The characters are also designed really well and are customizable but limited. You can change the face, color of the outfit, hair, proportion (height,weight) and name. I will say that the limitations of each class (Hunter, Ranger, Force), kept me creating character after character not really feeling comfortable with one. Gameplay wise the game is very simple. There are only 4 major areas ranging from 2-3 levels deep. It might seem long at first but it ends up being fairly short. Controls are fully customizable and lets you choose a button for healing, fighting, magic etc. They dont take long to master. The game is challenging and even at high levels you can play hard and very hard, which raises the bar, giving more exp and better items. Once youve played through you might find yourself getting bored. Luckily the online play keeps it fresh with the group aspect. Also HAVE A KEYBOARD! I dont and its a hassle to converse and ask simple things online.  Sound is simply and mainly consists of an electronic soft sound. Swords make a light sabre sound and other weapons make the same (except guns). The music could use a little work as it gets really irritating after a while, though this isnt a huge problem. Overall this is a very decent game. Its fun to work on your characters and build your levels. Fighting your way through dungeons with friends can't be beat. This is Phantasy Star ONLINE, not offline. Make sure you have internet, plug in the phone cord and sign on. This game is awesome and if you like diablo style games this is definitly for you. Old School Phantasy Star fans shouldnt be looking for the classic RPG elements. This is an action hack n' slash. The story is also non-existent. Enjoy this game for what it is, a fun action online game. You wont be dissapointed.     