 Yes, Square has done it again. What a suprise, eh? The gods of the console RPG have brought us the tenth installment in the now legendary Final Fantasy series. So, the question is, did it live up to the name? In a word, YES! This has all the elements of a traditional and classic FF (Final Fantasy) game. Multitudes of side-quests, jaw-dropping graphics, and perhaps the pinnacly best of RPG storylines. By the time your done, you'll know you've played a Final Fantasy game. To start the graphics are well...frikken' amazing! This game truely showcases the PS2's power. All of the in game graphics are incredibly detailed. From waterfalls along a jungle mountain road, to the wrinkles in Tidus's overalls. Of course theres the amazing CG sequences that have populated each of the FF games from 7 onward. Incredibly life-like and detailed, as the FF CGs always seem to do. One gripe with the graphics is the laziness of the localization. The great spoken text is robbed of true greatness by Square not matching the mouths to their English words. They still follow the Japanese dialouge which keeps me from watching the people and instead reading the sub-titles along with them. The sound department shines as well. The soundtrack is incredibly well done (as all the FF games have been). They follow each emotion so thoroughly that it just sucks you in. Try not to feel exactly what the characters are feeling when they finally reach the Zanarkand Ruins, the music is simply enthralling and heart felt. Gameplay wise, FFX keeps the core FF flavor, but definitly departs from it in several cases. Gone is the world-map which was the core of every FF game til now. Instead youll travel long roads and mountain paths, in a more life-like way. This seemed like a bad move at first glance but after a while it seems like a good decision and is a welcome change. The active-battle meter is replaced by true turn-based fighting. Weapons no longer have attack power, they embody attributes that give the characters stat bonuses or special abilities. The summon system remains intact as well. Now the biggest one is there are no levels to gain. Character advancement is done by sphere grid, where a giant map of "nodes", each embodying an attribute bonus or skill, is navigated by earning sphere levels. It seems limited at first but eventually lends to much more character customization that expected.  Bottom line, this is a Final Fantasy game, the story is totally engrossing and possibly the best FF title/story to date (save FF3/6 which remains my favorite!). If you like Final Fantasy and have plenty of time to spend, pick it up. No dissapointments allowed!;-)     