 This is one of P.G. Wodehouses's best books. Although he's never turned a  tale anything but excellently, this is somehow more endearing than most. It  starts out normal enough, with a man who just became an earl (Reginald,  third Earl of Havershot) going off to Hollywood to save his alcoholic  cousin from the deadly drink. He meets an actress by the name of April  June, the very embodiment of virtue, on the way there-- or so he thinks. He  also runs into his ex- finacee, whose engagement to him he bungled by way  of a little accident with a cigar. After some very cold ice cream, he needs  to have a tooth pulled. In the dentist's waiting room he meets little Joey  Cooley, the child actor, Idol of American Motherhood, who will be  undergoing the same torture as him. Well, both souls get administered some  laughing gas, and this gives them the ability to be masters of the art of  astral projection. But the thing is, little mischevious Joey puts his soul  into Reggie's body, rather then his own. Reggie then has no choice but to  inhabit the body of the child star with the golden curls. Now we've got a  dilemma. See, Joey wants to poke everyone in the snout, and in Reggie's  body, now has the strength to do so with optimum results. Uh-oh. And now  Reggie is left with the mind of a grown man, but the mean Miss Brinkmeyer  (the "tall, rangy, light-heavyweight, severe of aspect' woman with  whom he shares a mutal hatred...animus is in the air) and all other of  Cooley's keepers, who treat him like the eleven-year-old child they think  he is. Double uh-oh.  This book is one of the funniest things I've ever  read, not only because Wodehouse is a master of the English language and  shows such a conatagious affection for it, but because it's a very zany  tale that never fails to make you laugh and keep a smile on your face all  day. There are so many more hilarious moments in this book, and not a page  goes by without a good, hearty chuckle. I would highly recommend this book  and all of Wodehouse's books, for that matter.     