 I wasn't sure if I should give this flick 1-star for being so bad or 5-stars for being so bad it's good, so I went for the happy medium of 3. If you enjoy poorly scripted, odd, formulaic thrillers like I do, then this is right up your alley.  Donald Sutherland plays a man who has just been relased from jail after 22 years spent there for the murder of his wife (although he says it was an accident... and you should hear the speech about loving America he makes to obtain his parole... very ironic in hindsight...har har). He goes back to his hometown, where he tries to reconcile with his daughter (played by Amy Irving) and his grandson who want nothing to do with him. At first I thought, this movie is called "Benefit of the Doubt"...maybe it's about an innocent man who has to try to win his daughter's trust back, and she won't give him the benefit of the doubt so he has to keep on keeping on until they can be all lovey-dovey again and live happily ever after. Maybe his suspect behaviour was the filmmaker trying to make Sutherland look suspicious so we'd be as leery of him as she was. About a half-hour in I began to have doubts that that was the case. The only reason I did all this musing is because it was Donald Sutherland, so I naturally assumed it would at least be somewhat intelligent. Wrong! From the time Frank (Sutherland's character) offed the daughter's fiance (in what is probably the funniest scene in the movie), it was official: this was one of those laughably bad films that fans of the genre crave. It's not the best of the worst, but if you appreciate this sort of thing there's plenty to make you chortle and snicker. There's even an incestuous relationship (complete with an attempted rape) between father and daughter. And the ending- what a spectacular work of genius! It must have taken a true artist to think that one up. But poor Donald Sutherland! He's such a talented thespian (and U of T alum...yay!), it's a shame to see his gift go to waste acting in this type of movie, although if it was anyone else playing the part it probably wouldn't be nearly as funny.     