 Gustav Meyrink's "The Green Face" is an exhilarating vision of apocalypse.  First published in 1916, the novel sets its action in the near future of post-war Amsterdam, a city brimming with displaced people and with a  stifling atmosphere of unrelenting tension.  At this critical time appears  an enigmatic being named Chidher Green, the mythical Wandering Jew.   Meyrink reworks and amplifies the legend of the Wandering Jew (a being  fated to walk the earth from the days of Christ till the end of time),  portraying his Chidher Green as a harbinger of cataclysmic change both for  the novel's protagonist, Fortunatus Hauberrisser, and for Amsterdam in  general.  The story begins with Hauberrisser encountering Chidher Green in  a magic shop one day, oblivious to his identity. Soon after, Hauberrisser  finds a peculiar chain of old memories and chance encounters erupting  around him. As in a house of mirrors, this one image of a bronze-green face  suddenly appears around every corner. The face becomes a sort of totem of  meditative contemplation (drawing associations with Zen Buddhism).   Finally, Hauberrisser and his companions reach a consensus over the  phenomenon's significance: If one were to attain a spiritual state in which  this face manifested internally, a unique form of transcendence would then  be achieved.  When all is said and done, Fortunatus Hauberrisser  does not prove to be one of Meyrink's most memorable characters.  However,  it is also true that his protagonists are often intended as ciphers.  If  this novel is Meyrink's "Book of Revelation," then Hauberrisser  is  certainly his Saint John, valuable largely for his role as privileged  witness to the spirit world's mysteries.  Also, the route  Hauberrisser must take through the story is Meyrink's familiar path of  enlightenment-a moment of sudden spiritual awareness followed by a period  of isolation, which at last leads to promises of a mystical marriage.   Though this path echoes through Meyrink's other work, it would be a mistake  to imagine he is simply repeating himself or relying on a formula here.   Meyrink has a very distinct vision of the soul's progress; and it is this  intense conviction that again manifests so clearly in "The Green  Face."  "At the beginning, when we make our first, hesitant  attempts, it is like a mindless groping in the dark, and sometimes we do  things that resemble the actions of a madman and for a long time seem to  lack all consistency. It is only gradually that the chaos forms into a  countenance, in whose varying expressions we can read the will of destiny.  At first they are grimaces, but that is the way it is with all great  matters."     