 Stanley Crawford's 1966 novel "Gascoyne" is the sort of book that hooks you on the first page.  Not only that, it grabs you and runs away with such momentum that, at least for the first 100 pages of the novel, you almost don't want to blink.  The bizarre anti-hero of the book, Gascoyne, at first appears to be a private detective but then, maybe, a fiendish uber-capitalist bent on something like world domination.  Not only that, Gascoyne seems to be not entirely human.  He passes weeks at a time in his car, contrives to always go double the speed limit in a traffic-choked city, runs a huge company with only a handful of employees knowing him by sight, and manages to thrive on a diet of Ritz crackers, sardines, and chocolate bars.    The book is a dark, modern satire on the order of "Dr. Strangelove" or DeLillo's "White Noise."  The doggedly-bleak, burlesque tone sometimes becomes wearying, but usually you'll go ahead and laugh at the jokes (whether you feel good about it or not) because Crawford allows you no choice in the matter.  Take the following passage in which Gascoyne spies on a misbehaving wife, just recently widowed.  Gascoyne climbs a ladder, looks in a window, and:  "First there's the Widow Roughah stretched out on the bed naked as all hell and second more or less on top of her is the hairy-chested fake giant tree sloth, and I think some people sure like to butter their bread funny.  I always thought there was more than meets the eye in that woman and now I know what.  But I really feel sorry for the poor b*stard inside the sloth suit which must smell like twenty-nine jockstraps in a pressure cooker.  But maybe he likes that, you never know."  As wild a ride as "Gascoyne" is, there is something that brings it down in the end.  Crawford's error comes in allowing his deep cynicism to infect his storytelling technique.  It really seems that Crawford felt that things weren't worth tying together, even in a marginal way, and that he just stopped writing when he got bored with the character.  So, when all is said and done, the book leaves enough loose ends cluttering up the landscape to make you feel not only irritated but a bit ripped off.  If a little more care had been taken with the ending, the novel might have ranked with other counter-culture classics of the period, such as the novels of Rudolph Wurlitzer and Richard Brautigan.     