 From 1966 to 1978 Stanley Crawford published four novels, and after nearly three decades he has now returned to fiction with the book "Petroleum Man," an oddly sedate, minor work for which to come out of retirement.  But then, the book is an ideological commentary on contemporary society-a rather dry satire, in fact-and artists of all sorts have their hackles up today, feeling the need to engage in the resurgent "culture wars."  I don't mean to say that "Petroleum Man" is a bad novel at all.  The writing is very engaging at times, and Crawford's ideology rarely approaches the obnoxious.  Put it this way: If you were to find this book while stuck in a secluded cabin for a couple of days, it would be adequate to relieve your boredom, but don't expect much more than that.    The book concerns Leon Tuggs, a billionaire ultra-capitalist and conservative who invented something called "Thingie" that the reader never really gets a clear picture of (it may help to think of Thingie as something like Post-it Notes-an invention that has "revolutionized" home and office life, a small but ubiquitous presence in the developed world).  The book is an epistolary novel organized around a series of letters written by Leon for his two young grandchildren as he periodically presents to them expensive, super-detailed, scale models of the cars and other various vehicles he has owned through the years.  Over the course of the letters, we learn much about Leon's past and about his conflicts with his leftist-leaning wife and son-in-law.  Most of Crawford's highly ironic satire is devoted to Leon's own tremendous ego, but a fair amount is spread over the rest of the family as well-including his wife's country-club-style, faux-voluntary-simplicity follies and his son-in-law's hypocrisy at continually biting the gilded hand that he feeds from.  And, in fact, Crawford's insightful satiric scenarios often provide delicious material, such as the following meditation from Leon: "Human beings, however, even though they are increasing their tolerance for non-stop mobility, still apparently need to come to rest now and then.  This is where television has proven so handy, in the way it continues the sensation of mobility by other means."  In the end, though, the trouble with "Petroleum Man" is its lack of a driving story-a common fault in epistolary novels-and, therefore, the lack of any significant, climactic development.  The ending simply feels arbitrary.  Apparently, Crawford felt no need to give his readers any payoff for sticking with him through 240 pages.     