 Gustav Meyrink's first novel, "The Golem," is without a doubt his masterwork.  Certainly it presents his central concerns and the mystical  pattern for his later writing, but even more, the literary elements of  "The Golem" carry a double measure of inspiration. Perhaps the  most obvious is the hypnagogia (the state of consciousness between waking  and sleeping) through which the narrator drifts in the first three  chapters. Such surreal episodes are not uncommon in fiction, but often even  the most earnest attempts fail. Meyrink, however, telegraphs the thrill of  this state as only a genuine mystic could. His narrative floats  tangentially from one idea to the next, travelling in a rough spiral,  lingering at times in the natural orbit of certain images and thoughts. It  is only upon finishing the novel that one realizes how these chapters  establish not only the mood of the story, but also its themes and  plot.  The golem itself--a creature whose legend is rooted in  Prague's Ghetto, the depressed Jewish quarter--has a special magic.  Though  the golem might easily have been portrayed with an uninspired knockoff of  Frankenstein's monster, Meyrink made it a spiritual creature (a prototype  for similar entities in his later work).  In fact, the golem seems to exist  solely in the realm of possibility, a thing of story, memory, and confused  dreams.  The novel's narrator, Pernath, is a fractured personality  whose inner turmoil manifests in his strong attraction to three different  women and in his literal amnesia--his memory extends only a few years back,  to the time since he came to live in the Ghetto.  The golem appears to him  in private as an enigmatic angel of mercy who hints at a possible healing,  while insinuating itself at the same time into Pernath's mind like a  spectral parasite.  Though their contact is always indirect, Pernath begins  to identify in an odd way with the golem.  In fact, the one time that a  public sighting of the golem stirs the Ghetto, it is actually Pernath who  has been mistaken for the creature.   A less striking but equally  significant element of the story is the character of Aaron Wassertrum, the  Jewish junkdealer whose shop lies on the street below Pernath's room.   Possibly Meyrink's most well-drawn villain, essentially an ethical  sinkhole, Wassertrum is the perfect foil for Pernath.  His furtive malice,  consisting largely of absurd lies and meticulous manipulation, is  strikingly reminiscent of Kafka, Meyrink's contemporary.   The  careful reader can also explore "The Golem" with the source material in  mind and find an additional layer to the story.  For example, the Jewish  legends sometimes describe the golem coming to life when a rabbi writes the  name of God on its forehead.  Meyrink relates another version in which a  magic charm is "placed behind it's teeth."  However, in another twist of  confused identity, one character in the novel learns that he has switch  hats with someone during the day and finds Pernath's name in the hat's  lining, possibly just where it may have pressed against the forehead.  This  event is followed directly by the golem's first appearance.   "The  Golem" is certainly one of the great neglected novels of our time.   Meyrink's mysticism is always balanced with a portion of skepticism, giving  his worldview a tension which holds valuable insight about the time in  which he lived.  The novel also depicts the intense sort of claustrophobia  which grew out of the early industrial era, and the tone of this anxiety  draws natural associations with Poe, Dickens, and Dostoyevsky.  The fact  that Meyrink managed to integrate these qualities with a refined arc of  mystical thought demonstrates just important he is to the literary  tradition.  Finally, I highly recommend the Dover edition of "The  Golem," translated by Madge Pemberton.  While Meyrink readers owe an  immense debt to Dedalus/Ariadne and translator Mike Mitchell for giving us,  over the past decade, Meyrink's four other novels previously unavailable in  English, Pemberton's 1928 translation of this novel is a finer read.   Mitchell may be an excellent translator, and I am sure his modernization of  the text has its own importance.  However, Pemberton has an eloquence  unmatched by the new translation.  Take, for instance, this line from  Pemberton, describing a dream image: "...she wore a cloak made all of flowing  tears."  Mitchell's translation reads: "...she was wearing a cloak of flowing  teardrops."  The Dover edition, with Pemberton's translation, also includes  supplementary material including 8 superb illustrations from the original  1915 edition and an excellent introduction by the editor, E. F. Bleiler,  which serves as a fine summary of Meyrink's life and work.     