 This is one of those rare novels that actually reminds you--with occasional moments of devastating embarrassment, bouts of giddy laughter, and pangs of deep melancholy--just what it was to be a kid.  As he proved in his brilliant first novel, "What's Eating Gilbert Grape?" (and the screenplay for the wonderful film adaptation), and his highly-acclaimed 2003 independent film, "Pieces of April," Peter Hedges has mastered the delicate art of conjuring charming but utterly realistic characters and portraying, with great tenderness, the complicated dynamics of troubled families.  From the discovery that one's family is not an invulnerable bastion of loving safety to the sudden, almost-mystical epiphanies of the erotic undercurrent running through all of life, Hedges has here captured, with breathtaking authenticity, the unique sensation of growing up.  At the same time, the story is firmly and convincingly embedded in a specific time and place, suburban Iowa in the late 1960s.  Hedges includes a rich but never distracting veneer of historical and pop culture references.  He also peppers the narrative with certain toy and product names familiar to the era, something that does a great deal to convey both the growing commercialization of American society at the time and the innocence that once seemed an inherent part of the modern world's marketing machine--aimed primarily at the young, as so much advertising and entertainment is.  In the end, one finds that "An Ocean in Iowa" is the antithesis of the plot-driven novel.  Rather, it is something that is often more difficult to achieve without resulting to cheap melodrama or sentimentality: an engaging, evocative character study--or, as such stories always become for Hedges, a family study.  Hedges has one simple goal: seeing young Scotty Ocean through his seventh year, and past all threatens him and his family, without permanent damage befalling the dreamer inside him.  It is a testimony to his mastery of the novelist's craft that we worry, all the way to the end, whether Hedges can actually pull this off.     