 The protagonist of "Apex Hides the Hurt" is a "nomenclature consultant," a guy who names stuff--products, businesses, etc.--and yet he, himself, is given no name in the novel.  It's a bit of an obvious stunt, but then so are most of Whitehead's techniques here.  His concern is style: clever, rhythmic prose, language that surprises and delights.  ("He was watching an old black and white movie on television, the kind of flick where nothing happened unless it happened to strings.  Every facial twitch had its own score.  Every smile ate up two and a half pages of sheet music.")  And Whitehead's themes are all very obvious; he dives straight through the surface to play down there in the dark with subtext.  Which can work for you, or not--all depending on how patient a reader you are.  But back to the protagonist.  He's a black man who has been called to the town of Winthrop to rename it.  One faction wants the name to stay the same; another wants it returned to the name that the town received from its pioneering, African-American founders, "Freedom"; and yet another wants to rename it "New Prospera" to compliment its modern, high-tech, capitalist orientation.  Our hero is just recovering from a large setback in his career and personal life, so the pressure to pull off this job is high for him.  Unfortunately, the reader is given little reason to make a similar investment in the novel.    Despite Whitehead's stunning, linguistic inventiveness, his protagonist's work never seems like much of a challenge, and the plot is thin, thin, thin.  Sure, there is enough great stuff here that it could have been put to good use somehow, and the ending does finally--for the first time in the book--pack a significant punch.  But for a good portion of the book, the story just spins its wheels, going nowhere that's very interesting.  By my reckoning (using an admittedly unorthodox algebra) the climax to the story would have had twice the impact if this 200-page book had been half as long--had been, say, a 75- or 100-page novella.     