 Of all the narrative theories out there, I'm most taken with the model of fiction as "a vivid and continuous dream in the reader's mind" held by John Gardner. If you spend some time looking into studies of dreaming (or just dip into them casually, as I have) you'll probably come across the idea of "significance," that element of dreaming which shines with poignancy and screams at the dreamer: "This is it! Pay attention. This is the important thing; never forget!" The dreamer may spend an entire dream chasing frisbees with his pet collie or trekking deep into an attic to find that perfect spot beneath the roof of his childhood home where he spends an evening reattaching the limbs of his sister's toy dolls. Somehow the ridiculous and mundane acquire, in dreaming, absolute significance. As I see it, it's much the same in successful fiction.    Stephen King achieves something of this in "The Death of Jack Hamilton," one story in his new collection EVERYTHING'S EVENTUAL. The story follows John Dillinger and two of his gang of outlaws, Homer and Jack, as they hide from the law while trying to nurse Jack through a messy bullet wound. In the end Jack's life cannot be saved. Homer performs his famous "fly roping" trick to amuse the dying man, and at the same time we learn just how John Dillinger's luck finally ran out, leaving him vulnerable to "the Feds" the next time they would cross paths.    While pleasantly surprised with "The Death of Jack Hamilton," I was unable to find an encouraging degree of significance in any of the other five stories I read before giving up on EVERYTHING'S EVENTUAL.    "Autopsy Room Four" transports the old buried-alive storyline to an autopsy room where a man finds himself conscious but paralyzed by a snake bite as a coroner prepares him for dissection. King seems content here to contrive a simple "will he survive/won't he survive?" scenario, jerking his audience along a jarring and unenjoyable roller coaster ride during which we are expected to bite our nails and quiver in anticipation. Worse, King slaps pop culture references around his narrative shamelessly. The autopsied man looks like Michael Bolton; cue the dull Michael Bolton puns. One of the autopsy room orderlies looks like he belongs on BAYWATCH, another on MELROSE PLACE. We also manage to fit in references to ALFRED HITCHCOCK PRESENTS, GENERAL HOSPITAL, and JEOPARDY. From all appearances King finds it too much trouble to create a character or a mood from scratch. He'd rather apply prefabricated exteriors--elements easily and cheaply acquired by himself and effortlessly (read: "without exercise of the imagination") accessed by his audience. Pop culture inbreeding, ugh. Is there anything worse?    Sure, someone might argue that these references are actually appropriate, even necessary, for the mode of this story. But does it make for interesting prose? No, it does not. And anyway, why does King do this same thing in so many stories?    "Lucky Quarters" is little more than a sketchy, ambiguous little story garnished with some NATURAL BORN KILLERS references and a bad Tex Avery pun. Oh, also King tries to make us believe that he's a real writer by tackling the melodramatic anguish of a single mom cleaning rooms at a casino hotel. Ho hum.    "In the Death Room" is one of those revenge stories about torture in a third world country. A tortured man turns the torture device on his tormentors. Yada, yada. References: BRIDE OF FRANKENSTEIN, THE TREASURE OF THE SIERRA MADRE, E.R., Roadrunner cartoons, the Hanson boys.    If there's one story more unpleasant than "Death Room," it has to be "All That You Love Will Be Carried Away"--another attempt by King to be veddy veddy literary. This is the story of Alfie, a travelling salesman who checks into a motel to kill himself. Alfie has found his only joy in life for the past few years in the strange act of recording the restroom graffiti he sees on his travels. The story ends with Alfie making an absurd challenge to mother nature, a challenge we never see the result of... and so maybe he kills himself, maybe he doesn't--we'll never know. The most deeply unpleasant moment of the story comes when Alfie worries what would happen if someone found his corpse beside his pathetic notebook of bathroom poetry:   "Yet the notebook might be a real embarrassment once he was dead.  It would be like accidentally hanging yourself in the closet because you were experimenting with a new way of j**king off and got found that way with your shorts under your feet and s**t on your ankles."    Why, Stephen, why? What is this supposed to make us feel? And where has the significance gone?    But, oh yes, there was one other story I read before I gave up on the book. "The Man in the Black Suit." Something about a country boy going out fishing and meeting the devil by the river. The devil chases him around for a while then lets the boy alone. Something like that; I forget.   BTW, After abandoning EVERYTHING'S EVENTUAL, I picked up "Rita Hayworth and the Shawshank Redemption" and am finding it very enjoyable. I'm just afraid that King is one of these poor writers who can't sift his material and distinguish when he's writing well from when he's writing poorly, and it's such an exhausting job--as a reader--to do that job for him.     