 "Bubba Ho-tep" is a low budget movie that went for the B-movie feel on purpose, accomplishing its goal of being a "fine" piece of pop culture weirdness.  The story is set in a current-day East Texas rest home and focuses on two residents who believe they are Elvis and JFK--the JFK character just happens to be black, and the rest home also houses a few other crazies, including the Lone Ranger.  Elvis and JFK soon learn that an Egyptian mummy--who was stolen from his traveling museum exhibition--has come to life in their neighborhood and is killing the rest home residents by sucking their life force out their backsides (you can harvest a soul through "any major orifice," of course).  Eventually, our decrepit heroes realize that only they can meet the mummy in a showdown.  The film is really a clever piece of pop culture mythology, working up hilarious back stories for JFK (Ossie Davis who is recognizable from, at the very least, several Spike Lee films) and Elvis (Bruce Campbell of the "Evil Dead" movies).  Campbell's performance is particularly excellent, Don Coscarelli's as director did a perfect job finding the right mood and balance of humor for the film, and the leisurely plot--from Joe Lansdale's original novella--is totally engaging and a cinephile's dream.  The one perfect complement to the film is the DVD's commentary track.  Well, actually, there are two excellent tracks, but the second one is hysterical, with Bruce Campbell doing Elvis--the real Elvis this time though, who is also still alive and agreed to see this movie and talk about it.  He rips on the movie from start to finish, commenting on the performances and the budget, expressing outrage at the film's portrayal of him, offering his insights as a film veteran ("I made 33 films, you know"), getting angry at the film's ending, playing a few bits from songs he's working on, voicing his disappointment at the swearing and violence and at women being treated as objects on-screen, munching on pop corn and taking cell phone calls during the movie. . .  I laughed at this almost as much as I did at the movie!     