 Thomas Mann takes the Cartesian split--that endless war between mind and  body, galvanized on one side by Descartes' battle cry "I think, therefore I  am"--and illustrates the conflict using two characters, two young friends,  in this Indian legend turned fantastical tale of the absurd. Nanda is a  farmer and blacksmith, a strong, earthy youth rooted in his physical body,  and the contemplative Shridaman is a merchant's son with priestly, Brahman  blood in his lineage. Though the young men are polar opposites, they have a  strong friendship built on mutual admiration and a hint of health  envy.  Their differences manifest during a journey together when the  two men come upon the sight of a beautiful young woman at a remote, ritual  bathing-place. They observe the woman secretly as she bathes, and Nanda  enjoys the sight without shame.  Shridaman, though, is by turns  embarrassed, then inspired.  Mann launches the friends into a hushed  philosophical discussion--a frequent attribute of the novel.  Shirdaman  says, "Yet we are ... guilty if we simply feast on the sight of beauty  without inquiring into its being," and he promptly falls in love with  the young woman, Sita, languishing over her with the exaggerated fatalism  of the smitten lover in a Shakespearean comedy. Eventually, Sita and  Shridaman are married.  From this scenario springs one of the most  bizarre love triangles in literature, leading to a confrontation with Kali,  earth mother and patron of the body, and later to another meeting, at the  other end of the spectrum, with an ascetic holy man. These powerful  archetypes impel the pendulum of fate back and forth above the three  characters.  Again and again the question is asked: Is it the head or the  body which is most closely linked with the Beloved? Tragedy is  inevitable--visiting the trio more than once--and in the end all hope for  the future lies with Andhaka,  Shridaman and Sita's young son. The boy is a  nearsighted introvert whose quiet innocence hints at some vague potential  for change, for bridging this gap between mind and body.  One  element detracting from the book is the translation (copyrighted in 1941).  While the translation is not entirely without merit--in chapter 5, for  example, the passage describing Shridaman's descent into Kali's dark,  heady, womb-like temple begs to be read aloud--the novel's prose is  sometimes choppy with convoluted, problematic sentence structure.  The  novel's potential among English readers is certainly hampered by its being  long overdue for a new translation.     