 A class of Israeli junior high kids has discovered a miracle in its midst. One of the students, Clara, a 13 year old Russian immigrant, has begun to see the future.  This singular talent arrives suddenly like an unexpected  blessing from the gods of puberty, and for a few exciting days, Clara's  predictions about math tests and lottery numbers turn her world upside  down.  And what a world it is. The film, released in 1996, is set three  years in the future in an absurdist, industrial cityscape.  The school kids  talk tough about revolution as they tromp through polluted swamps and  through streets lined with huge squares of beehive apartment buildings.   The city seems on the very cusp of apocalypse, though it's not clear  whether the final crisis will issue from a man-made ecological disaster or  from the hand of God in an earthquake. Meanwhile, the revolution threatens  to develop into a new religion, with Saint Clara at the center.  The entire  city listens for her predictions, adult men get crushes on her, and of  course the boys in her class end up fighting over her.  To complicate  things for Clara, her powers may disappear if she falls in love.  One of  her admirers, Tikel, has a good chance with her though.  He's obsessed with  her violet eyes, and chicks always fall for that-at least in junior high.  "I think your visions come from your eyes," he tells her.   "Saint Clara" really is about as good as movies get.  It's a  beautiful thing to be able to imagine the near-future, accelerate the  world's problems, and just continue to smile at life.  In this way, "Saint  Clara" is reminiscent of the irresistibly optimistic films Wim Wenders has  been making over the past decade.  Perhaps the film's best surprise,  however, is the voracious, adolescent energy which tints its vision.  All  the kids in the film are bursting with potential, thirsty for life, and the  adults are sad but charming caricatures, thinly-veiled trolls and witches,  forever dreaming of their lost youth.  A nave misconception, certainly,  but here it is also fantastically endearing.  Kudos to Kino Video for  making this gem available on video. And don't miss the sweet little film at  the end of the tape: "Personal Goals."     