 Its a complicated equation: it has been 21 years since fans of Stephen R. Donaldson have been able to visit the Land with a new Thomas Covenant novel, 10 real-world years since an outsider has walked in the Land, and about 3,500 native years since the Land itself has seen an outsider.  Now Linden Avery returns accompanied by 3 (or possibly 4?) others, including Thomas Covenants mad wife.  Once in the Land Linden must search for her son, who is threatened by Lord Foul--and Foul now has influence over one of two white gold rings that have come to the Land.  Linden holds the other; it being the ring she took from Covenant when he died 10 years earlier.  Sure, Covenant is dead, but that shouldnt worry fans--Donaldson has titled this The Last Chronicles of Thomas Covenant for good reason.  Through the course of the book we are reminded that the Law of Death was broken in the first chronicles, and the Law of Life broken in the second.  Now it is the Arch of Time and the foundations of the Law itself that are in very real danger.  To complicate matters, the Land is afflicted with a malevolent pall to rival the Sunbane and massive reality-storms known as Caesures. For Lindens return to the Land, Donaldson has marshaled many of the unique elements of the past six novels, reviving certain wonders that seemed to have disappeared forever from the Land.  He also raises questions left open by the other books, questions fans may never have even considered.  What ever became of the Ramen and the Ranyhyn, the ur-viles and Waynhim?  What came of the Haruchai Cails lust for the merewives?  What use was made of the Staff of Law after Linden began the healing of the Sunbane, then left the Land?  And perhaps most troubling is the transformation we see that has come to the Haruchai.  Once known as the faithful Bloodguard and servants of the Lords of Revelstone, the Haruchai now occupy Revelstone themselves as the Masters of the Land. Donaldson has written a captivating novel to launch this 4-part series.  The 90-page prologue delivers heavy echoes of the prologue piece to The Wounded Land and very effectively kicks off the story with a suspenseful edge.  Once Linden has been transported from the real world to the Land, things slow down a bit.  The rest of the book consists of two parts, labeled: Part I: Chosen for this Desecration & Part II: The Only Form of Innocence.  Personally, I feel that the first few chapters of Part I are somewhat loose and could have used some tightening to focus the events and drama of those chapters.  However, the story soon recovers its pace.  By Part II, Linden defines a quest for herself and her companions, and the unprecedented audacity of that quest is truly breathtaking.  At the end of the book, this fan found himself savoring the last bite of a bitter-sweet cliffhanger and was hungry for more.  Bravo, Mr. Donaldson.  Keep the Covenant books coming--your fans havent eaten in 21 years!     