 Colson Whitehead's "The Colossus of New York" is a sort of prose poem to New York.  But interestingly enough, the city's identity is almost incidental.  New York could be any megalopolis.  Whitehead simply uses it as a convenient dumping ground for heaping piles of metaphor, innuendo, and wry pseudo-Freudian slip-riffs.  As Whitehead eventually says: "Talking about New York is a way of talking about the world."  He even outdoes Iain Sinclair in this territory because, hey, "Colossus" is actually readable.  Whitehead sculpts sentences here with dazzling, fluid mastery.  In sentence after sentence, he manages to surprise you, keeping you in gleeful suspense for that next line, and the next one... And yet it never feels overwrought or exhausting, probably because he pays equal attention to the rhythm of his prose (this is one of those books you can't help reading aloud).  Here's one of my many favorite passages, set in the subway system:  "This is the fabled journey through the underground, folks, and it's going to get a whole lot worse before it gets better.  On the opposite track it's a field of greener grass, you gotta beat trains off with a stick.  From his secret booth the announcer scares and reassures alternatively.  The postures on the platform sag or stiffen appropriately.  With a dial controlling the amount of static.  What are their rooms like, the men at the microphones.  One day the fiscal importunities of the subway announcer's union will be exposed and that will be the end of the hot tubs and lobster, but until then they break out the bubbly.  Look down the tunnel one more time and your behavior will describe a psychiatric disorder.  It's infectious.  They take turns looking down into darkness and the platform is a clock: the more people standing dumb, the more time has passed since the last train.  The people fall from above into hourglass dunes.  Collect like seconds."  I also recommend the audio book edition of this title, as Whitehead himself reads the thing in a dizzying performance.  It's like a long shot of aggression with a beat-poetry rhythm and a helping of faux snottiness, all orchestrated to allow us to experience the idea of street-level New York in a manageable package.     