 As a modern virtuoso of atmospheric horror, Robert Aickmaninjects each of his "strange stories" with a lingering, surreal terror.  "Painted Devils" is all the more disturbing for the recurring themes that echo down the chilly corridors of this nine story collection.  The most pronounced of these themes are doomed romance, communal hauntings, and abominable, monstrous offspring.  A typical story begins with the protagonist venturing into the unknown, perhaps going to a new country or city, though sometimes the change is as simple as beginning a new job or visiting the theatre.  There an unexpected friendship or love affair forms, and suddenly great gaps appear in the protagonist's conception of reality.  In Aickman's world children are not always cute or even harmless, neither sex nor love brings contented bliss, and the dead don't always stay in the ground, nor are their spirits carted conveniently away to either heaven or hell.  In "The View," a man named Carfax is recovering from a vague illness.  His doctor suggests taking a long holiday at an island retreat.  On the boat Carfax meets a woman who is the sole inhabitant of a small mansion.  She opens her home to him, and they slip effortlessly into an affair.  Carfax is an artist and attempts several drawings around the mansion, becoming alarmed as the surrounding landscape seems to shift somehow from day to day.  Carfax might live forever with his lover in their isolated paradise if only he could accept this disturbing, irrational phenomenon, but of course he can't.  "Ringing the Changes," probably an homage to Lovecraft's "The Shadow Over Innsmouth," tells of a honeymoon couple who choose their destination from a guidebook.  This fateful decision leaves them stranded in the small, dreary, seaside town of Holihaven.  The town is saturated with a terrible, fishy sea-stench; the water has rolled back far from the town, leaving a deep shoreline of muck; and worst of all, the odd inhabitants are obviously up to something infernal with their late-night bell ringing.  These stories have nothing to do with the heavy-handed, popular, shock horror usually associated with the genre.  There are no movie monsters here, no blood-soaked demoniacs or ritualistic serial killers. Aickman's tradition is that of Lovecraft, Henry James, and Joseph Conrad, where the ambient eeriness is enough to stop a heart.  His signature technique is a sort of narrative ambiguity.  If Aickman's characters lose their metaphysical footing along the way, so do his readers.  For instance, in "The Houses of the Russians" a character has a close brush with fate outside a pub.  Apparently he is nearly run down in the street, and his escape is something of a miracle.  Yet Aickman never gives a clear picture of the scene.  As the man enters the pub, we receive the incident secondhand, just as many of the pub's customers do.  Aickman pulls the rug out from under us, initiating a momentum that sends us scrambling ahead for hearsay, conjecture, the smallest of details--anything that might restore balance.  Once accustomed to his style, we realize that Aickman has managed to shake our imaginations free of their passiveness and has engaged us in an active relationship with his strange world.  Then all that remains is to drift along in an alert but dreamy state with Aickman's voice as our only guide.     