 Velvet Belly's "The Landing" reverberates throughout with echoes from an  introvert's prayer book.  A light industrial ambience blends with moody  bass and percussions to illuminate a bleak landscape of need.  Here romance  has died again and again, and the future may hold little more than  recurring stages of loneliness.  The relaxed layering of sound on the album  creates such an entrancing melancholy, however, that it silences all  objections and grants a dignified mystique to solitude. "Drowning  Sun" opens the album with a quest for intimacy, and Anne Marie Almedal's  alluring vocals conjure images of a siren guiding her own ship through dark  waters.  This intense, searching faith resurfaces later with "Mystery."  In  both songs love is sought amid the hushed stillness of nature, as if the  heart is clinging to the notion of an intensely private union.  Much  more of the album dwells on the frustrations and the pain of love.  In "The  Key," a relationship ends with quiet tears, and a story must be created so  the former lovers can say, "Listen, this is how our love ended."  "He's  Packing," underscored with a haunting, mournful trumpet, tells of a man who  can neither stay nor leave for good.  The domestic chill continues in the  eerie funk of "River Slowly Growing," and "Little Big Mountain" sounds a  brief cry of mock nostalgia, a superficial longing for what has been  abandoned.   The struggle peaks with "The Conversation Stops," and a  resolution is made to reject the crowd and its easy judgements.  Slowly the  second half of the album manages to distance itself from these conflicts  and finds a little peace. "City" is about the effort it sometimes takes  simply to leave the house, put aside daydreams, and glance around at the  outside world, though not necessarily to interact with it.  Then comes  "Mystery," and for once love actually seems to have a chance, provided the  lovers cautiously preserve a mutual respect of each other's dreams.  With  the title track--at nearly 9 minutes, the album's longest song--things  gradually build into an energetic groove featuring a bold electric guitar  and an occasionally frantic violin.  The 'landing' sought here is an  ephemeral destination of calm and rest, a momentary refuge from the  constant storms of mind and heart: "trying to be steady / go on living like  I do / trying to live alone / manage on my own."     