 Henry Darger (1892-1973) spent most of his life working as a dishwasher, janitor, and bandage roller at a hospital in Chicago.  Darger's mother died in childbirth with his sister when Darger was 3 years old, and his father died when Darger was 15.  The family was economically destitute, and the young Darger ended up in boys homes, orphanages, and such unsavory institutions as the "Asylum for Feeble-Minded Children" in Lincoln, Illinois.  Darger lived most of his adult life in the same apartment, and when he died in 1973 his landlord found a number of homemade books containing three large manuscripts written and illustrated by Darger, each more than 5000 pages long.       The most important manuscript is the first, a 14 volume work titled "The Realms of the Unreal, or the Glandeco-Angelinian War Storm, Caused by the Child Slave Rebellion," which Darger spent two decades writing and illustrating.  This epic is the chronicled history of a 4-year war on an imaginary world.  On this world, children have been enslaved and a war breaks out to free them.  Spearheading the rebellion are the seven Vivian sisters, little girl heroes--figures which seem to have been based, at least partly, on Joan of Arc.  Among the story's other main influences are Frank L. Baum's Oz books, the works of Charles Dickens, and the history of the American Civil War.      Darger's artwork is both imaginatively vivid and disturbing.  Most of the art involves little girls as the heroes and the victims, with men and supernatural creatures called "the Blegiglomenean Serpents" (or, "the Blengins") as their oppressors.  The little girls are often depicted in idyllic portraits; however, they are also often shown being strangled or killed in battle.  Also, they are often nude, and sometimes portrayed as hermaphrodites with male genitals.  Much of Darger's work is composed of individual figures traced from magazines or comics.  Artistically, Darger is compared with figures as diverse as Blake and Andy Warhol.     