 This book has received widespread praise for its outstanding scholarship.  Norman Golb, a professor at University of Chicago, discovered the Kievan Letter in the Cairo Genizah collection of Hebrew documents in 1962.  In this book, the Kievan Letter is printed in both the Hebrew original and in English translation.  The document was written by the Khazar Jews of Kiev in the early 10th century for the purpose of raising 40 gold coins for a member of their community, Yaakov ben Hanukkah, whose deceased brother had owed money to a moneylender and who now was himself responsible for paying it back.  The most interesting things about the Kievan Letter are the mixed Turkic-Slavic-Hebrew names of the Kievan Jewish community as well as the Turkic runic letters which appear at the bottom of the page.  Essays by Omeljan Pritsak follow, discussing the founding of Kiev, the Khazar district in Kiev, and the Rus'ian Chronicle.  He theorizes that the Kievan Letter passed through the hands of a Khazar government administrator and that the Khazars had customs offices. The second part of the book provides the Hebrew original and English translation of the Schechter Letter, which was copied from a document written around the year 948 or 949 by a Khazar Jew in Constantinople.  The Schechter Letter gives an account of the conversion of the Khazars to Judaism, the conflict between the Khazar general Pesakh and the Rus prince Oleg, the alliance between Khazar King Aaron and the king of Alania, and geographical information about the Khazar kingdom.  The authors provide evidence for the authenticity of the Schechter Letter as well as for the famous correspondence between Khazar King Yosef and Hasdai ibn-Shaprut.  An interesting section by Golb discusses Hasdai's humanitarian efforts on behalf of several Jewish communities and document fragments which also mention Hasdai, his messengers, and the Khazars. Overall, "Khazarian Hebrew Documents of the Tenth Century" is easy to read and comprehensive.  The book proves that Judaism was not confined to the Khazar royalty and nobility but, rather, was widespread among the Khazar people as well.  Because it is so popular and valuable, it has recently (1997) been translated into Russian under the title "Khazarsko-evreiskie dokumenty X veka".     