 So far I have read several parts of this book and watched an hour-long TV program on David Keys' ideas. Being a specialist in medieval history myself, I have mixed opinions about this book. On the one hand, the experts  David Keys consulted are among the best in the world, and the bibliography  contains many excellent titles. Peter Golden of Rutgers, for instance, who  appeared on the TV show and is credited in the book, is the author of the  excellent book "Khazar Studies" and a blurb of his appeared on  the jacket cover of my book, "The Jews of Khazaria". Norman Golb  of the U of Chicago, who is also in Keys' Acknowledgements, is co-author of  the superb book "Khazarian Hebrew Documents of the Tenth  Century". I also recognize the name Heinrich Harke. And the overviews  of various peoples such as the Avars, Khazars, Arabs, Chinese, and Nascans  appear to come from authentic documents and discoveries. It is certainly a  book worth reading. Plus, the scientific evidence does seem to indicate  that some sort of event (possibly volcanic in nature) occurred in the 530s.  But, as others have pointed out elsewhere, the event did not necessarily  trigger the widespread disruption worldwide that Keys proposed, and Keys  sometimes goes too far in his cause-and-effect analysis. This book could  very well turn out to have a weak hypothesis tied together by legitimate  facts. As my main interest is in the steppe peoples I will focus here on  the Huns, Avars, and Khazars. Keys is not the first to propose that the  Turks were affected by droughts and other climactic devastations. As I  indicate in Chapter 10 of my book, there was a famine-causing drought in  the Avar Empire in the second half of the 8th century. And the 10th-century  Arab writer al-Masudi speaks of Muslim soldiers arriving in the Khazar  Empire from Khwarizm following a drought. The 6th-century event was not  unique in causing mass-migrations and havoc. I intend to continue  exploring this intriguing book over the coming months, even though I know  it contains some inaccuracies, and welcome additional books like this one  that educate the public about obscure aspects of medieval history. For a  more detailed look at the Turkic peoples and the birth of the Ashkenazi  Jews, I encourage you to read my book "The Jews of Khazaria",  which is also available from Amazon.     