 People like the "vile pile" reviewer underestimate the message of this warm, kind movie. Don't people like you understand that there is not always a necessity for complex messages? The message is simple, like Forrest Gump himself: "Life is like a box of chocolates, you never know what you're gonna get." Such wisdom, because it represents the sponaneoity and mystery of life.    We need more people like Forrest. Sure, he's simpleminded, but he has a huge heart. And I stress "HUGE". He doesn't care what anyone thinks of him-because he doesn't know the difference, but that's what makes him so likable, because he can adapt easily under any kind of circumstance. He is never mean, stands up for the people he loves, has more determination than any one I've ever seen. He has such love, and he doesn't hold it all in. He is honest, but not insulting. There are more than enough scenes to show that Forrest is a rare spirit. Such as the little scene most people seem to have overlooked- the one when two black students are accepted into an all-white school and one of them drops her book while entering the building, and Forrest runs up to her and hands her the book. Who else would have had the chutzpah to do that? He also gives up a whole load of money to buy a shrimping boat, just because he promised his best friend who died in combat that they would have a boat someday. Most people might find this ludicrous, but I found it unbelievable. I, for one, would have never done that. And he's so modest about it, too- a quality that most people do not possess.  He is also overcome by compassion and love for his best friend, Jenny. I was asking the exact same question myself when Jenny said to Forrest: "Why are you so good to me, Forrest?" Jenny leaves him a number of times during the movie, but unlike many people, Forrest doesn't become hateful and bitter. He just keeps on thinking about her and loving her.   Forrest, a simple minded man, with an I.Q. of 75, holds the key to all noble, shining parts of life. I highly recommend this movie to anyone with an open mind and a love for simple, but memorable messages of life.     