 You have your shares of hilarity and boredom in this film. There are some entertaining segments, such as the first one, "Do Aphrodisiacs work?", such as "....cop a feel?" the medieval queen asks when Woody massages her breasts,when he says "TB or not TB, that is congestion" (blatantly a great satirical joke on Shakespeare's 'To be or not to be, that is the question', or when Woody says to the king when he catches him looking up the queen, 'Remember, when you told me if I was in town, I should look up your wife?'It's hilarious. But, the segment with Gene Wilder, "What is Sodomy?" was just boring and weird. There weren't any funny jokes, and there were awkward pauses between Gene and the sheep...it just didn't fall in place. Plus, the idea of having sex with a sheep is truly disgusting. If this segment had jokes, it would cut the mood and relax the awkward pauses between Gene and the sheep. "Are tranesvities homosexual?" was all right, but it was entertaining watching the man dress up in women's clothes and parade around the room mimicking women's movements. "Why do women have trouble reaching an orgasm?" is okay. It's not funny. But it's great fun seeing Woody smoke a cigarette incessantly and make movements that are supposed to be suave, I guess. The segment with the mad sex scientist, the beautiful blond, and Woody, is hilarious!! Especially when the tit escapes and Woody figures out how to capture it by trapping it into a giant bra. This is undoubtedly a satire about breasts. "What's My perversion?" was terrific, especially when the rabbi is entertained by a hooker and his wife is forced to eat pork at his feet. It's simply hilarious! The very last segment is something NOT to miss. Who could ever miss Woody's sperm costume and his wonderful line: "I heard guys slam into a wall of hard rubber!" and "What if he's masturbating? I'll end up on the ceiling!" Don't ever miss this piece of hilarity. Sure, you MIGHT get bored at certain segments, but don't worry- there are more hilarious segments than there are bad segments.     