 After reading all the gushing but vacuous reviews, I finally have had enough. How can you even declare this piece of crap a must-see film? Like, how dare you acclaim this film? Grrr. It saddens me to see a whole bunch of the teen population even waste their time over this abomination.   First of all, I just would like to say that I am a seventeen-year-old girl who thinks feminism is all about Joan of Arc, Marie Curie, Amelia Earhart, Susan B. Anthony, Harriet Tubman, Sojourner Truth, the Bronte sisters, Florence Nightingale, and many more, who made huge individual differences in this world. Compared with Cher, the babe of Hollywood, the girl who can't even think of herself...need I say any more? This movie... is a nightmare. I don't even know why it grates on my nerves so much, but then again on second thought, perhaps it's because this nerve-wracking mess undermines female power. Now, basically, the teen population thinks female power is all about arguing your dimwitted teachers into giving you a higher grade, possess the oh-so-amazing ability to find soulmates for your lost friends, plagiarizing Shakespeare's work (and may I add that the teacher didn't even know who that poem was written by), using Daddy's credit card, not having the common sense to drive with a license, etcetera. Pathetic. The plot itself is boring, unstructured, delivers bad one-liners, and just plain irritating.  Is it just me, or did anyone else notice that before this mess was made, we had TERRIFIC teen movies, such as Dirty Dancing, Sixteen Candles, The Breakfast Club, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Adventures in Babysitting, etc, which made a huge splash? Now, after Clueless, we have Drive Me Crazy, She's All That, Idle Hands, Whatever it Takes, Drop Dead Gorgeous...I rest my case. I'm glad that I spoke out, and have had an emotional catharsis. Ciao--  and, oh, before I go: I'll make sure that if I ever get the chance to get both the video and DVD, I'll burn them both and sacrifice them to the god of materialism. I pray you do the same thing, too.     