 'Manhattan Murder Mystery' was the first Woody Allen film I saw, and quite admittedly, I was about to refuse to view more Woody Allen films after that because the lighting and the irregular effects was enough to bore me. But, as the movie deepened, I found myself being wrapped up into the plot. Now, I am proud to say that I am a fan of Woody Allen's works. 'Annie Hall', 'Manhattan', and 'Sleeper' to name a few. Plus, the other reason why I got through this movie was because I am a huge Diane Keaton fan, so I'm trying to watch all of her movies. This movie is basically about a bored, restless Manhattan housewife (Diane Keaton) who suspects her next-door neighbor just committed a murder and is sniffing around. Meanwhile, her neurotic husband (Woody Allen) is going crazy with his wife's strange and new change. Two of their friends (Alan Alda and Anjelica Huston) become interested too, and they become wrapped up into the event.  This movie is fascinating and absorbing without having to show the usual murder-movie effects:blood, gore, creepy shadows, and all that dreck. The dialogue is fantastic. I especially love these Woody Allen lines: "Funeral ashes? Did you wash your hands?", "They're ashes. What, did they resemble Mrs. House?", "This is serious. This could be with the Warren Comission or something." and "Oh, jesus. Claustrophobia and a dead body. This is a neurotic's jackpot." I wish the ending could have been a little more surpirsing and satisfying. But, most of the movie have been really good.   Seeing Diane Keaton and Woody Allen together for the first time was enough to make me run out and rent all the movies with these two together in. They make a wonderful acting pair. Now, thanks to 'Manhattan Murder Mystery', I've been opened up to the dimension of Woody Allen films with Diane Keaton starring in it. Who knows, you might get the same results-if you do, you won't regret it. Because of 'Manhattan Murder Mystery', 'Annie Hall','Manhattan', and 'Sleeper' has instantly become a few of my favorite movies.   If it's not too late, run out and grab this movie! And while you're at it, pick up some more Woody Allen and Diane Keaton films, too. You won't regret it.     