 I didn't want to rate the movie, because I'm still not quite sure of how I feel about 'Annie Hall', but amazon wouldn't let me skip the ratings, so keep in mind that my current ratings may not be the same after I view 'Annie Hall' again.   There are endless praisings about 'Annie Hall'. That's one of the main reasons why I bought the dvd version. Plus, it was rated as AFI'S 100 Greatest movie hits, not to mention that Diane Keaton is hands-down one of my top favorite actresses.   There are scenes that I really, really love, such as the balcony scene! I absolutely love that scene! The subtitles shared with us are completely tangible. I also love the scenes when Annie and Alvy are alone and they share perspectives on almost everything from parents to sex. Also, the lobster part is hilarious. And need I mention the part when Alvy sneezes $2000 worth of coke in the air at a party? That's what makes me like 'Annie Hall', although there are some scenes that provokes thoughts that the plot is somewhat structureless, such as the scenes with Alvy's earlier girlfriends. I just felt that these scenes were mildly annoying, but on second thought, I guess these scenes were necessary in order to make Alvy realize Annie is the one for him.    Also, you have to be culturally aware to know what Alvy is talking or whining about. I think one of the main reasons why some people don't like 'Annie Hall' is because they don't have enough cultural knowledge to understand what Alvy is talking about. (I wish I had some euphenisms for what I just said.)   I can see why 'Annie Hall' is a classic. I really like this film, but I have to watch it again to get the full feel of it. Also, I really felt kind of sad at the bittersweet ending. After flying to California to get Annie back, and failing, I began to feel that this film was just beginning to develope structure. The very ending was indescribable. I really liked the background of New York working with Annie and Alvy as they meet in a shop then part with a friendly kiss. You can almost see the remains of their relationship finally dissolving as Alvy and Annie leaves in seperate ways.   I definitely do like this movie, but I'm not satisfied with my current feelings. So I'm going to watch it again and hopefully this time I'll feel differently. But I do recommend this movie to anyone who loves Woody Allen and Diane Keaton. Just seeing them two is enough to be able to ignore the plot. I hope to be back with better results.     