 Almost every superlative has been applied to this piece of little heaven, so I'll skip adding mine, since it will just be drowned in the masses of superlatives. The first time I saw this absolutely wonderful film, I had mixed feelings, because I was not expecting Woody Allen's innovative camera works, dialogue, and references to literary works, since very few films use those kind of assets. However, when I watched it again, I fell in love with it. It's so bittersweet and tangible, that it's nearly impossible not to relate. It's a wholesomely feel-good film, and one feels happy and sad while watching it. We examine every depth of Alvy and Annie's relationship, and during the process, we become entwined with their lives, and we feel along with them. The dialogue is clever, hilarious, and at times sad and poignant, if not unbelievably relevant to the everyday routine of people's lives. The last lines of this film: "This guy goes to the doctor and says, 'Doc, my brother's crazy. He thinks he's a chicken.' and the doc says, 'Well, why don't you turn him in? 'I would, but I need the eggs.' That's exactly how I feel about relationships now. They're totally irritational and crazy, yet we keep going through them because most of us need the eggs." God, what a wonderful line. It's a PERFECT explanation of why we go through painful relationships and keep searching for reasons why we do. This film takes a close look at every aspect of people's lives. Infidelity, friends, jobs, religions, relationships, drugs, futures, insecurities, people's feelings, families, death, fantasy, pasts....ALL IN ALL, Annie Hall is truly one of the most beautiful, poignant works of the era. It is IMPOSSIBLE to emulate this piece of perfection. Do WHATEVER you have to do to see this. You'll never forgive yourselves if you choose to watch flaccid pieces of films and pass over ANNIE HALL. God bless DVD. I'm so happy the film is on DVD. I will never ever let go of this piece of heaven as long as I live!     