 Spellbinding, vivid, dreamy, delectable, and just plain heartbreaking. What can I say about 'Manhattan' that hasn't already been said? I think I'm only one of the few seventeen-year-old girls on the planet that really likes Woody Allen. He is a wonderful director and actor. 'Manhattan' is plain, simple proof of that. It is indescribable. I think I'm in love with this film. I can really identify with almost all the actresses and actors, including Mariel Hemingway's character, Tracy. Being the same age as she is, I can see myself in her. I really love her strength and maturity. She's the only one that makes sense and thinks things through in the movie- the others, such as Diane Keaton's character, Mary, Michael Murphy's Yale, and Woody Allen's Issac, they all just run around blurting out unintentional things. But they really add to the effect of the movie. This movie is so wonderful on many levels. Humor, optimism, pessimism, romance, betrayal, and innocence.  I just LOVE the lines Keaton, Hemingway and Allen deliver! Two very memorable lines: "I wanted to throw you down on the lunar surface and commit interstellar perversion with you." and "You just got to have a little faith in people". This especially strikes your emotional chords, and the way Hemingway says it.  This is a classic love triangle, with the main character dumping his seventeen-year old girlfriend, and realizing he wants her back. Some people might find 'Manhattan' plain sick, because of the relationship between a 42-year-old man and a 17-year-old girl, but that wasn't annoying at all to me. Meryl Streep as Jill was rewarding. I'm still laughing at the details she portrayed in her book about Issac, and how Issac denies that he tried to run over Jill and her girlfriend when he first found out that they were lovers.  Keaton is wonderful. Of course, she is in all of her movies. I found her character amusing, although I was shocked at first when she decided to go back to Yale instead of staying with Issac, but when I thought about it, I realized that both Mary and Issac are both two neurotic individuals who enjoy each other at first, but after a while, their neurotism just interfere. And their first lovers, Yale and Tracy, are stable people. So, going back to their original lovers was really the right thing to do. But when they were together, they were simply wonderful. I really enjoyed the lines they threw at each other. I also love the first kiss! It's simply impossible to describe how they dredged up particular emotions.   'Manhattan' is magical. It's impossible to not appreciate its aesthetic qualities. I especially love the last scene. It combines nostalgia and finality. I love when Tracy says "You just got to have a little faith in people," and Issac looks at her and this wistful, faint smile floats across his lips. It's impossible to explain what emotions 'Manhattan' delivers!  I think I'll wear out my DVD version ogling this movie over and over. DON'T MISS IT!! I EMPHASIZE~ DON'T MISS IT!     