 I'm a bit hesitant about reviewing this movie, since I am only 18 years old and from a whole different generation. But I did see some dilemmas portrayed in this movie that was revelant to my life and my peers'. I do think I'm entitled to some complaints, though. First of all, the biggest setback for me was that I was not able to feel, and believe the grief from the eight. This is a wonderful cast- William Hurt, Kevin Kline, Glenn Close, Jobeth Williams, Jeff Goldblum,etc- who all moved on to great things. I'm sure they must have at least the common sense and acting talent to really wring out a believeable amount of grief for their friend whom committed suicide. Although I was impressed with Glenn Close's performance, because she seemed to be the only one who truly grieved. The most intimate scene is her naked in the shower, crying her eyes out. I found that scene especially poignant because I could feel her sadness, and I lost that as the movie progressed. They seemed to forget about Alex as they whined about their lives. To me, Sarah(Close) was the only one who felt the loss, because she brought up Alex as they're sitting around the dinner table, and then pours her heart out. Then after that, it goes kind of haywire. But it was Close who sort of kept the movie together, like the stitches holding together Alex's wrist wounds during the opening credits.  There  was another thing that moved me-Harold(Kline) agreeing to get Meg(Place) pregnant because her supposedly biological clock is ticking and she can't get a man to inseminate her. As she put it, "These are my favorite men in the world", therefore narrowing the list down to Harold, Sam, and Michael (Nick's out of the picture because it seems like he recieved an 'owie' during 'Nam). So, in the end Harold's the lucky winner. Sarah cheerfully gives up her husband to Meg for one night. That really grabbed my attention because, who in the HELL would do a thing like that? There's way too much mess involved. That really stood out for me, because in a way it convinced me that these eight would do anything for each other. They share the same blood, thoughts, and running shoes.   So, don't miss this, because the intimacy is worth tasting for one night.     