 In his own way, even from beyond the material world, George Harrison once again resets the standards for excellenec in music and film. As was the case with the CONCERT FOR BANGLA DESH, THE CONCERT FOR GEORGE is a work born of tremendous compassion, and if you were to distill George Harrison to one word and say it into the air, you would rightly intone: Compassion. So, from the opening "Sarve Shaam" with its intenseley deep ochre and crimson overtones through Olivia's lighting the lamp for her husband and Eric Clapton's and then Ravi Shankar's beautifully affecting remarks, you know this is a work of very deep love. And it is shot gorgeously, as it should from the man who produced TIME BANDITS and LIFE OF BRIAN. The classical Indian pieces that open the movie are deeply spiritual pieces that set the context for a man whose life dealt with his devotion to his family, his faith, his craft, his friends. Clapton is positively eloquent as he searches for a way to maintain his composure and find the right words for a friend who espoused a less is more ethic in his work to great effect. Shankar speaks with such profound love that it fills your heart. His daughter Anoushka attends respectfully to her father and then plays her heart out. It is glorious! Less things get too sentimental, Eric Idle and chums arrive for a bawdy version of both "Sit On My Face" and Michael Palin's hilarious intro to "The Lumberjack Song." How else would you segue from Indian ragas to Beatle tunes? When Dhani Harrison and Jeff Lynne lead the houseband back on, the concert is an incredible celebration of some of Harrison's best compositions. Every guest delivers the goods, but certainly the emotional highpoint is Ringo's "Photograph" and Paul's "Something." Clapton is incredible throughout. Tom Petty essya the Wilbury's period and Billy Preston breathes revival fervour into "My Sweet Lord." Dhani is terrific throughout and lends an eerie presence playing behind Clapton, every bit the countenance of his father beaming through him. This film is a triumph on so many levels that it is unlikely that rock will ever elevate itself to this level again anytime in the foreseeable future. When it all resolves into Joe Brown's take on "I'll See You In My Dreams," you realize what a profound proverb the Chinese admonition is: "Money means nothing. To be loved and remembered is everything." Farewell, George, we'll see you in our dreams.     