 This one melts and fades. You don't wander into Pynchon casually, and so it was with all motors on that I approached this reworking of the Mason Dixon line. In the end, it isn't my favourite Pynchon story, and somehow, Mark Knopfler got the story across better in the 5 minute "Sailing to Philadelphia" than Pynchon does in this sprawling, somewhat messy and incongruous book. Maybe it was the odd-ball juxtapositions of robotics, animated talking dogs, just stuff that sometimes felt like distractions for the sake of distractions. There is quite a story at work here, as the human mind comes face to face that something other always eludes its analysis. I've always thought of Pynchon as a novelist exploring the phenomenology of Heidegger and the mysticism of both the ancient Greeks as well as the East. That surfaces at times, particulalrly when the friendship between Charlie Mason and Jeremiah Dixon strains under the pressures of their commissions. But where GRAVITY'S RAINBOW dealt explicitly with the topics of BEING AND TIME, and VINELAND delivered the passion of THE QUESTION CONCERNING TECHNOLOGY,  there seems a mess of all sorts of ideas here in this book that just don't seem to hold my attention. GRAVITY and VINELAND were absolute page turners for me. I failed to show up for work once I began those stories. This one was an effort. It might be me. Perhaps I've gone past this particular style. Or perhaps, more tragically, this is just style. This too has fallen to the pull of whatever literary gravity comes with being Thomas Pynchon. LOT 49  and V and SLOW LEARNER all seemed to be benchmarks on the way. And in all honesty, LOT 49 might well be the story of Neil Young and Crazy Horse, but whatever, they were the vapor trails of a spirit in trajectory. This one has fallen like a Scud in western Pennsylvania. The human factor got lost in the gizmos and Deus ex machinas crowding the background for screen time, like so many Catherine Zeta Jones. Maybe the next one will........ well, who knows, better to just see what happens.......     