 Bruce Cockburn is simply one of the best writers and musicians in contemporary music and has been from the get go. He has never had an erratic moment as a songwriter, singer, musician. For 30 years, Bruce has turned out records that have painted stories of romance, ethics, morality, politics, mysticism with a craft unmatched by anyone. You can go through his entire catalogue and there isn't a rum track anywhere. This latest compilation highlights a number of cuts from the past 23 years, and each of them is a masterwork. I'm not quite sure how these qualify as singles, but perhaps Rounder was fishing for a hook for its US release. As a distillation of a remarkable body of work, and as an indication of how his catalogue is being remastered, it is cause for great jubilation. I have all of the CDs and all of the vinyl, and I would still encourage any fan to pick this up. There are 2 new songs which bear all the DNA encoding of a Cockburn production - genius through and through. The prospect of rebuying all the CDs at first seemed unnecessary to me (like how many more times a year will Elvis Costello remaster the same stuff, with no appreciable improvement); however, there is a big difference in the sound of the earlier pieces on this CD compared to their previous incarnations. Rounder and Cockburn's camp are promising to include outtakes or unreleased material, which ordinarily, again as in Costello, is cause for distress (there usually is a sound artistic reason why an artist leaves a track off, and Costello proves it relentlessly). However, I am familiar with  some of the unreleased material from his live shows and that is cause for celebration all in itself. Particularly, the prospect of complete or expanded versions of his live CDs, from "Circle In the Round" to "You Pay Your Money," is thrilling beyond description!!! (Rounder: how about a DVD or two, particularly from some of his live acoustic and solo tours????) As to this particular collection, the songs are terrific, and illustrate why Bruce is held in such high esteem as a guitarist as well as a songwriter with very important issues to discuss. Particular favourites like "If I Had A Rocket Launcher," "Tokyo", "Wonderin Where the Lions Are," "Pacing the Cage," can't help but remind me of other brilliant tracks from these CDs, like "Nicaragua", "Fascist Architecture," "After the Rain." Cockburn has always assembled a phenomenal group of colleauges to help realize his vision, and his choice of bass players has been sublime always, from the early days of Dennis Pendrith and Rob Boucher to Fergus Jemison Marsh (Canada's answer to Tony Levin) to Rob Wasserman and on the new tracks, Colin Linden. Drummers suited to a Pet Metheny style of jazz accompany Cockburn across the broad range of styles, all in the service of a very unified vision, of music. And the appearance of Hugh Marsh on violin from time to time takes the whole proceeding to soundscapes of breathtaking scope. In the end, though, it is the songs, any of which Dylan would and should give his eye teeth for. Cockburn is the genuine article. He lives and breathes the faith and ethics he espouses, and his work is inspirational, regardless of your own particular faith. I have often thought of his song, "No Footprints," and somehow if there were a tune that seemed to state where he is coming from at the core, this might be a good candidate. Thing is, though, his music, his lyrics, his very real commitment to morality, the environment, the politics and faith based issues upon which the world so often burns, all of these he has surveyed in extraordinary music that tends to leave a very large, deep footprint in the soul. If you are new to Cockburn, go buy this, it is a wonderful distillation of a remarkable artist. If you have followed him as I have since the early days in Toronto, rejoice, this CD is a harbinger of a sonic reconsideration of the man's work, and it promises great things ahead, plus already, 2 terrific new tracks. Hands down, my vote as the best CD of 2002!     