 Taking the last spot in the lineup, nonetheless, Eric Anderson is the architect and musical center for what was one of the truly great trios in modern song in the 90's. This team came about as a result of Eric's move to Norway. He has released several stellar solo recordings based in Norway that are well worth seeking out, and in the course of this endeavour, he began working with Jonas Fjeld. I'm not sure how Rick Danko and the two of them hooked up, but their debut concert in Norway is presented here as a bonus secxond disc to a marvellous recapitulation of their studio work. This trio is the perfect antedote to the birdchirpy, often off key (especially in concert) harmonics of CSN. What you have are 3 men who can find the notes, expand upon them, provoke interesting twists on the harmonies, and introduce their personal idiosyncrasies in a magnificent tapestry. Pull Crosby out of the other trio, and you have a sheer mess. The studio songs are extremely well executed, beautifully orchestrated. In concert, Danko flubs a bit of "It makes no difference" but flubs with enormous passion. It is an arresting example of how getting it wrong gets it totally right. Fjeld is the surprise in both the studio and in concert. He is both American raconteur and Scandanavian mystic. His tones are all Norse inflected, and his baritone delivery has a worn in quality that makes him seem part of your interior's history. That brings us to Anderson, perhaps the most underappreciated writer ever to have emerged from the same scene that spit out Dylan and Baez and Paxton and loads of other very essential writers. He writes from the heart, and his songs can leave you devastated, exhilarated, reflective, and so much more. He is a brilliant musician. Well, they all are, and the backup bands in both contexts are superlative. Go out on a limb, here, if you are unfamiliar with these men. This was a great band that you should listen to, and with Danko's unfortunate passing, a final testament to one of Canada's greatest musicians, one of popular song's greatest interpreters.     