 .... there is still this business of how underutilized Richard Bona and Cuong Vu were to the whole enterprise. If you are unfamiliar with Bona or Vu, then you wouldn't understand the point. They are every bit the match and in many ways better than any other 2 guys Metheny and Mays and Rodby usually have standing in the back. Trouble is, Richard Bona is an extraordinary songwriter who could have opened PMG to an entirely new world, and Vu is the most individually creative and original trumpet player in jazz since Miles Davis. Vu's own discs (PURE< BOUND< COME PLAY WITH ME) are not for the feint of heart and certainly are not likely to pop up on any smooth jazz playlist. It's edgy, Asian fired and bold commanding music. Bona has an African sense of rhythm and seduction in his bass playing and singing that is entirely hypnotic be it on his own CDs (REVERENCE) or in partnership with like-minded explorative souls (Huong Thanh's DRAGONFLY). And therein lies the problem. Give Metheny credit for reaching out to 2 very dramatically different musicians than he normally has in the back, but perhaps Mays and Rodby felt threatened and closed ranks. There is little evidence that Bona and Vu are any different than the usual back up cast. Nonetheless, this is a dramatically better group effort than the studio CD. And thankfully, we are spared the inane observations of musicians on the road extolling the virtues of being on a lucrative tour and how that has enlightened them. Indeed. Instead, the film begins with Metheny on baritone guitar essaying "Last Train Home." It is absoluetly wonderful. The proceedings move into group gear thereafter and it is a terrific show that covers a gentle bossa nova as only Metheny can, plus the crowd pleaser "Are You Going With Me" and a strong cross selection from IMAGINARY DAY and SPEAKING OF NOW. The filmwork is terrific, even if Pat does look like he's added some pudge to the college boy looks he has always sported. Happens to all of us. You do get a sense of what Vu and Bona could do for this band, and with talk that the same lineup is ready to release a second studio CD, perhaps the reins will be released. Inspite of my carping, which really only matters if you have an interest in the solo releases of Bona and Vu, this is a terrifc concert that you'll enjoy a lot. Now, go push yourself a bit and check out Bona's MUNIA or any of Vu's CDs.     