 From the opening track, Sarve Shaam with its wonderful intonation of bells, sarod and hypnotic voices and Eric Clapton's introduction until its conclusion on the second disc with Joe Brown's wonderful "I'll See You In My Dreams," this set is as wonderful a remembrance any man could hope for from his friends and loved ones.  Olivia makes it clear in the notes that George, the quiet one, was in fact full of life, pursuing his marriage and family with the same intensity and respect that he treated his career, all the while retaining the playfulness that set he and his Liverpool colleagues off from everyone else ever in rock. When you consider that this man is one of the 4 reasons anybody ever wanted to be a rock musician, you might think you were approaching the sacred. In fact, as is clear from his friends, he is someone they went to to play ukeleles with as well as to worship or garden with. He was a whole man. His music in his Beatles, solo, Travelling Wilbury and final days was always about life led on the ground, in the material world, yet not bound by it. It was Harrison who first saw the difference between Haight Ashbury and enlightnement. It was Harrison who realized his tremendous good fortune could be harnessed to work remarkably good things for less fortunate people. He respected what his craft could accomplish and was a selfless, ego-free spirit who could race cars, produce silly movies and prove loyal to family and friends. He was Everyman who had come into good fortune and knew not to take it for granted. As to the music herein: it is just GREAT! His mates came to this project with great love and respect for their fallen comrade. Ravi and Anoushka Shankar get the project off and running with a couple of sitar pieces and a terrific rendition of "The Inner Light". One is reminded of the start of THE CONCERT FOR BANGLADESH, and its tremendous setting of a tone of consideration. Much the same effect is produced here. It anchors you in the spiritual world that Harrison embraced. The second side essays his pop work. Wilbury buddy Lynne kicks things off with "I Want To Tell You," and the CD rocks from that point on. The emotional centerpiece is Ringo's "Photograph." Tough to listen to that without getting misty. It is absolutely the best Ringo's ever done that. Paul kicks in with a very bright and emotionally uplifting "Something" that comes from the heart, as well as the uke. He returns with Clapton to blisteringly deliver "While My Guitar," nearly as transcendent as "Bangla Desh's" version. Tom Petty is just the right touch, especially on "Handle With Care," handled with Dhani Harrison, as sure a chip off the old bloke as you might get. Dad must have been beaming! Billy Preston ecstatically revels in "My Sweet Lord," then Clapton burns it up again on "Wah Wah," which was a reference to him anyway, before Joe Brown sends it all off lovingly. The son of a Catholic busdriver and Nurse in Liverpool who often said he was sure he would never have amounted to anything had it not been for The Beatles, obviously took from his parents a sense of finding a spirituality to guide his life. That he touched so many of his colleagues as all of us as always and forever being the genuine article says all there needs to be said about the importance of living in the material world with a sense of faith.     