 This is Sting's most satisfying CD since NOTHING LIKE THE SUN. The musicianship is absolutely crackling, and the bass work throughout is an aural wonder: sophisticated, compelling, his and Christian McBride's work advances the art of the bass. His colleagues throughout, including long time partner Dominic Miller, drummer Manu Katche, Chris Botti bring terrific underpinnings to the songs. Anoushka Shankar brings her incredible sitar work to bear, and she reminds you that among her father's progeny there are some musicians quite capable of delivering a musical experience beyond what passes for sappy smooth jazz. Mary J Blige and Sting are as perfect a set of counterparts as Steve Winwood and Chaka Khan. Much is made of the notion that Sting revisits chords and progressions he has used before. Well, yes and no. The good part of that is they're mighty chords. The better part is that he has managed to avoid the naff conjunctions of styles of music at which he is not particularly good. There are stupid no cowboy songs that bleed into white boy gospel raves, thank God. Instead, Sting sticks to the knitting, and that's a boon for all of us. The songs themselves are concerned with the weighty stuff of our lives. Sting is an extraordinarily tuneful existentialist, and he weighs in articulately on what matters most to those of us who have crossed 50. As a result, the whole effort is a lot less twee and precious than previous sets. On the whole, what stirs his melancholy most is always that he is Sting, and we are not, but that imperial element in his style none the less takes aim at the human heart and he is never less than deadly accurate throughout. What keeps this from 5 stars for me is the immediate alternate mix. Totally unnecessary. He must have been admiring a number of Elvis Costello re-issues and felt he ought to follow suit. An uncommonly bad call for someone whose own sense of artistic judgment is usually faultless. If you like Sting, you'll enjoy this. If you can't get past his ego, nothing here will convert you.     