 Unquestionably the best YES album ever has been remastered with painstaking care and has resulted in a CD of pristine clarity, incredible dynamics and compelling music. If you are a fan, this is one of the best remastering jobs of their music you'll ever hear. Along with the newly re-mastered TALES FROM TOPOGRAPHIC OCEANS, it represented Yes at the very peak of their creative energy, taking uncompromising risks and actually proving categorically that rock music could aspire to and acheive a late romantic style classicism that stands on its own merits. The travails of both of these discs would jettison Bruford for King Crimson and Wakemen for a bizarre solo career, but these works also stand as singular acheivements for these musicians in their association with YES. Wakemen has never returned to this form, even with his mid-90's and most recent tour appearances with YES, and Bruford lept toward the avant garde and has never looked back, although his ABWH efforts in the mid-90's did offer a peak at what might have been. But the point here is that YES created a compellingly dramatic long work with CLOSE, followed by 2 major pieces that, when listened as a whole in this format, make for an incredibly rewarding experience. Intelligence infused this music, and perhaps intelligence died in rockmusic with the the decline of Yes in later years. It became all bollocks and vulgarities. Her, though, Howe was electrifying with a level of fretwork that only Fripp has ever approached. Bruford solidified his hold on odd-metre polyrhythms, Squire recreated the role of the bass as GUITAR FIRST, rhytmic time keeper second, and Wakemen created washes of sound that were what sent the whole effort into an extraordinary musical journey.  Included on this remaster are the single version of "America", infintely better in its brevity than the meandering jam, and run throughs of "And You and I" and "Siberian Khatru", which really add nothing to the whole project except give you a glimpse of how ON they were all through the recording. The genius of this CD is that the music as originally assembled always held its own. Th extra stuff you can skip altogether. A lot of the credit also goes to Eddie Offord, who basically was the sixth Yes man, very much the George Martin of their careers. His sense of final assembly was absolutely perfect. Yes was never the same without him. Keyboard players could come and go, but it was Offord who took their grand ambitions and made them work so phenomenally. If you know the music, no point in gilding it. Curiously though, when you listen to Anderson roll the poetry of the title track, you can't help but wonder if, had you altered the rhythm just a bit more to the blues or funk, whether or not in fact he had just created hip-hop. Now there's something that ought to out-rage Mathers, Cent and Didhe. Who would have guessed....     