 One thing you have to say about Miles Davis, he could pick a sax player....... From the days when the 60's Davis quartet came together to today, one of the most enduring figures in jazz has been Wayne Shorter. There is little that he touches, be it as a composer or performer, that doesn't have his sense of grace. There is such power and devotion in his music. In so many spiritual ways, as well as from an historical perspective, he is indeed the rightful successor to the spiritual quest begun by John Coltrane. Last year, Shorter released a remarkable live album, FOOTPRINTS. He returns in 2003 with the sublimely soulful ALEGRIA, that features the same basic line up of Danila Perez, John Patitucci, Brain Blade and Alex Azuna. Terri Lynne Carrington and Brad Mehldau and a host of remarkable chamber players round out the cast on this stirring release. The hypnotic element in Shorter's playing is at its most powerful in interpretations of "Bachiabas Brasileiras No 5", and in his dramatic reworking of "Angola". Rhythms percolate, solos appear and fade into the ether, the human soul is transported.  From the opening "Sacajawea" to the closing "Capricorn", the dark mysteries and compelling flights of a man who has lived much, suffered unspeakable loss , and has remained philosophical is on full display. Never has the traditional Irish Gaelic air "She Moves Through The Fair" been imbued with such mystery and passion.  Shorter switches in most pieces from tenor to soprano sax, and he engages in a very Socratic dialogue in the course of these changes: this is not simply overdubbing, this is a dialectic of approaching the meaning in the music from 2 very different questioning, questing perspectives, and the questioning undergone here leaves open so much ground for further contemplation. The music swings with African and Cuban undercurrents, the occasional Gaelic haunt, and in all cases a sense of absolute commitment to Music itself. You willbe hard pressed to find a more satisfying release this year in all of Music. Critics are comparing this to SKETCHES OF SPAIN. It is not as heavily orchestrated, but it has that same mystic fascination with the dark night of the soul where communion with something very much more fundamental than human temporal existence is at work.     