 and for anyone else who just simply didn't get what Miles was on about. This collection from the Cellar Door sessions in 1970 is not only a definitive statement on what Miles was seeking (and keep in mind he was not after what could be sought, in much the same way that Heidegger was after Thinking rather than what was thought), it is one of the greatest sessions ever captured on tape from any musician. There was more going on here than perhaps at any other time. In addition to the drive supplied by Jack DeJohnette, there were the internal group dialectics pitting Keith Jarrett on an instrument he despised against John McLaughlin, whose relevance Jarrett clearly questioned. In such an atmosphere, there was nothing but passion on the line. Miles was in superb physical condition at this time and his thinking was as adventuresome and as creative as it ever would be. Miles explores and examines, excoriates and inspires his colleagues through the material that would surface on all sorts of releases. Collected here there is an undeniable sense of cohesion and direction. These were, after all, Directions in Music.  What further enhances this set is the marvellous re-mastering. Having been present for one of these sessions I can attest that the sound here is as intimate as if you were there, no more than 30 feet away from a wild amalgamation of the best and the brightest in jazz. The funk, the drive, the noetic hair-pin turns in construction and then de-construction of what is on offer here is exhilarating and it is preserved in a sonic package that will leave you tingling.  If you are convinced that jazz should never have gone down M Street, that it should have hewn a closer path to its New Orleans roots, well, welcome to the equivalent of Hurricane Katrina. Jazz and Miles were never the same after these sessions. The impact this had on experimental music in every discipline is hard to play down. Classical and progressive rock artists alike fell under the penumbra of these adventures. Jazz, dance, funk, spoken word performance, all these and more were liberated by the tsunamic force of these rhythms. The crowd knows what it came to see. That I can attest to as well. This was ground zero for how every conceivable aspect of music would be forever impacted. No matter how many pepsi-cola lounges you build, it will never be about the furniture. Here in what had been a haven for Neil Young, Roberta Flack, Donald Byrd, Roger McGuinn, Joni Mitchell and others, MUSIC itself leaned over and took this remarkable ensemble of musicians and the punters who came to listen into its confidence. And it is all beautifully captured here. This is why men and women pick up an instrument.  Having listened through this again a few days after having written this review, I must say that what else has hit me is how incredibly creative and inspired Teo and Miles were to cull bits and pieces and edit them into tracks for CDs that astounded me way back when and still gobsmack me now with their power. It's quite one thing to recognize that you have a work of brilliance in front of you, it's altogether something else to hear several other works of brilliance there in. Just thought I'd mention that...     