 Ever the luthier-enthusiast, apparently what prompted Metheny to do this disc was the purchase of a baritone guitar by his his Toronto based luthier. We stand on guard for thee! The results are a contemplative, reflective meditation on new and familiar themes that resonate beautifully on this new instrument. For Metheny, it is a significant departure from the carefully constructed and architechiturally designed formats of his group discs. Immediacy is the key here, and this was recorded at home to his own tape machine. More Alex De Grassi than Ralph Towner, the passages throughout this disc bring out Metheny's subtle and quiet directions. This is very late night music, painting contemplative and impressionistic soundscapes on the very edge of silence. By and large, he does not play as he does in either group or concert context. This is more about savouring a piece of music via its chord progressions than dazzling one with his protean dynamics. And the material suits the mission to the ground.  Metheny essays the recent Nora Jones number "Don't Ask Why", nicely done, but perhaps the only really trite moment on the whole effort. He revives "Ferry Cross the Mersey" and manages to find and recall how for a brief moment, a very brave songwriter from Manchester managed to turn the world's attention away from Liverpool. It was a brave statement way back when, it is even more poignantly so now. Keith Jarrett's "My Song" seems written for this occasion and comes off with new found layers of meaning. It might be good to pause here and consider that this disc serves much the same role as as Jarrett's "The Night, Alone With You," from his convalescence from the devastating fatigue he underwent. Perhaps this is a necessary moment for Metheny to reevaluate where he is, what paths he is choosing, which truths he feels compelled to articulate. The disc brilliantly concludes with "North is South and East is West," and "Last Train Home" which he had been presenting acoustically on his last tour. They are the two most profound pieces on the CD, and bring the proceedings to a thoughtful conclusion. Where to next? The Group needs serious reevaluation. Underutilized on SPEAKING OF NOW, Vu and Bona must surely be wondering what purpose is served by continuing the association. Metheny, for his part, is precipitously close to repeating himself and generating his own cliche. Perhaps face to face with the edge of silence, something ineffable will breathe itself into his imagination and take him into its confidence.     