 I would suggest to you that this assembly is for the completist. The Jack Johnson sessions are a tribute to the protean guitar work of John McLaughlin, well-reined in by the counter punching of Miles Davis, and to the incredible editing skills of Teo Macero. The sessions themselves show Miles in terrific command of his horn, but the real dynamics exist in the lunge and parries of Davis and McLaughlin. How Macero managed to pull such a finished gem as what became the TRIBUTE TO JACK JOHNSON album from these sessions is all the more remarkable when you remember that this was all done long before digital editing. What you also hear throughout is what wasn't working for a number of sidemen. In many respects this was a turning point for those who played with Miles. It is clear that De Johnette could not have been happy as mere timekeeper. These sessions play to none of his strengths. So too with Jarrett: he was never happy with his role on electric piano, and in fact, never returned to that instrument after this tour of duty. His artistic distate for McLaughlin was legendary, but it is audibly clear from these takes that he also had no desire to be a Hancock or Corea clone. Other musicians were essential players in teh drama of these sessions, but had it not been for Macero's considerable skills in weaving them into the African braid of the final form, their contributions would be relegated to just so much filler. All of that is background drama and subplots to what is the main attraction: McLaughlin and Miles. McLaughlin's personal and spiritual discipline were a challenge to the excesses of Miles' lifestyle, and so it is easy enough to imagine that the double helix that these two weave is really the core dna of what was jazz's venture into fusion. In the hands of everyone after them, it was a disastrous experiment. But here! The Power is Terrifying! Honestly, you need to be a dyed in the wool McLaughlin fan and Miles completist to rejoice in this release, but if you are either, there is much to consider. You might also consider this as you would a Wagner opera: the first two discs basically state the themes that will reach their culmination in the remastered full renditions of "Right Off" and "Yesternow." Those themes begin to burn incessantly and incandescently through discs 3 and 4. Wagner was a bit like that. It usually took him a couple of hours to get warmed up and then, LOOK OUT! It helps understanding that this complete sessions workout is heading towards what became Miles' best rock track, "Right Off", and what basically looked back over the fusion experiment and pointed, in fact towards where he would resume in the 80's with "Yesternow". Sure, he had no idea what '75 would mean, but listen carefully, and it is undeniably present the directions that would resurface as he returned from his debilitating hiatus. Miles as Opera? In the true Wagnerian sense, yes.     