 As far as it goes, yes, almost all of this has been released on CD before, but you know what, this set SOUNDS so MUCH BETTER that the others are like cheap cut-outs. George's solo career was rather consistent. He never wrote silly love songs, he did lean toward faith inspired ballads, and his wry take on life was thoroughly infectious and clearly focused.  His less than stellar moments were the CD DARK HORSE, not included here as it was on Capitol records, and SOMEWHERE IN ENGLAND. These tended to be momentary lapses of focus in otherwise brilliantly consistent songwriting career, espousing a roots oriented production aesthetic that would not catch favour again until Uncle Tupelo. But even as weak as SOMEWHERE is, it nonetheless contains enough strengths to indicate that George's lesser material was as good as anybody's best. Too frequently, George was viewed as a man out of time: he embraced being completely out of step with whatever was passing for a given year's fab conceits. And who knew better what a load of rubbish that was anyway? To listen again to 33 & 1/3, GEORGE HARRISON, and CLOUD NINE is to be reminded of his sheer genius. Theses discs are light years away from ALL THINGS and Phil Spector, and were what made the extraordinary Travelling Wilburys possible. As much as the Byrds and The Band were responsible for drawing out the enormous importance of Dylan in his early career, it was Harrison who sustained Dylan's deserved reputation and in fact, breathed new life into it when Dylan himself seemed at 6's and 7's about his own future. What is exceptionally of value here is the DVD, which contains the whumsical videos George did for his MTV moments, again, with tongue absolutely in cheek, and the footage in concert in Japan. George was never comfortable on tour after Beatlemania. Can't blame him. How painful it was is evident in the DVD tracks, as is the supreme bond of friendship between George and Eric Clapton. Forget about the images and listen, and what you have are moments of two friends playing off each other rhapsodically. The live CD of that tour holds up exceptionally well, 12 years later. I don't suppose a casual listener would ever take up George Harrison. He is a guitar player's writer and a musician of uncompromising taste. The out takes are all inetresting, and about the only thing worth salvaging from the Madonna virused film he produced. (She is a disease). The other tracks are a mix of graceful humour and humble songcraft in progress and worth the punts necessary. The Beatles were not and hopefully will never be, much for loading up their discs with demos and junk that just wasn't good. McCartney said at the conclusion of ANTHOLOGY, that that was it. Well, maybe the roof top concert. But so it should be. They knew as a band and as solo artists what was the real deal, and had no interest in being known for knackering their fans. Pity Costello missed that day in class. This is a great box set from one of the four reasons everybody else got into the business. Come listen to what it means to do your job well.     