 It's slightly misrepresentative to title this as a Keith Jarrett release when so much of what happens here displays the uncompromising finesse and creativity of all three members. So, dispel any notions of Keith playing accompanied by 2 extraordinary sidemen. In fact, this is a disc where more often than not it is De Johnette and Peacock who propel the music forward. This is no slight toward Jarrett, but instead an affirmation that in spite of writing credits, what you hear shows just how telepathically these men work. It is a document of an extraordinary effort. As with any effort, there are moments in the extended pieces, "Hearts in Space" and "Waves", where the music seems to hang, waiting for something to either resolve the position they are in, or push on to the next idea. In both cases, it is DeJohnette who steps up and takes charge and it is a wonder to hear him so forcefully drive the trio. This is particularly true in "Waves," which really seems to dangle nowhere until he seizes control, and that is the wrong anaology, but there is no mistaking the dynamic he brings in 2/3 of the way through. It changes everything. So much so that through "Facing East", an absolutely brilliant three part improvisation, and "Tsunami", a powerhouse display from Peacock and DeJohnette, that it can accurately be said that DeJohnette's eruption changes everything on the second disc. On the first disc, "Hearts" is one of those wonderful Jarrett excursions from the abstract to the sublimely and rhythmically delightful.  "The River" is a tone poem poem of breathtaking beauty.  My only reservation about this disc is that it is getting tiresome hearing Jarrett moan as much as he does. Robert Fripp commented once in reference to Jon Anderson that he had no problem with a singer banging about on a tambourine, so long as it was in time with the music. Much can be said in this regard about the groans and grunts. It has certainly worn out a bit of its welcome, and seems at times as though it might be expected more than motivated. It is not a pretty instrument. Not that prettiness should rule. However, when you listen to the track, "Tributaries", underneath the surface noise of sighs and moans, De Johnette is creating a remarkable sound palette with his exquisitely tuned percussion. Perhaps a little Linda McCartney-style editing is in order. Certainly Miles would have had an answer. Enough carping on that, and I'm sure Jarrett hears it enough anyway. This document presents this trio as a formidable improvisational unit, completely unafraid to leap and free fall at times. It is an extraordinary departure from the Standards reperoire and well worth a lot of listening and scrutiny     