 Is this a great time to be a Canadian or what? Gordon Lightfoot is back on tour and in the studio, Joni Mitchell is re-considering her retirement, Neil Young has just released a watershed CD, Ashley Mac Isaac and Lennie Gallant have CDs on the horizon, even my Stephenson cousins in Aylmer are having thetime of their lives. And then along comes HISTORY. This is as complete and as balanced a review of the career of an amazing band as you'll ever cull into a box set. The novice isn't likely to embrace this, so it's pitched at the choir and the gems herein are a revelation. Beginning with their early start as Levon & The Hawks, through the Ronnie Hawkins and Dylan apprenticeships, their rise in the North American Collective Unconscious is so well documented that this really is archival, seminal, nearly anthropological in scope and breath. An entire epoch on the North American shelf was chronicled in these songs and in the course of the lives of these 4 Canadians and their Arkansas brother. And what a history it has been. Their well known are wellprepresented, sometimes in alternate takes, and their swan song is echoed as the set comes to a conclusion appropriately with their collaboration with Emmylou Harris on "Evangeline" and the Staples on "The Weight." Roots music was never this good again. And too often it seems like this is just part of the Robbie Robertson story, but this set sets that assumption to rest. Their post Band careers bore out that it was the synthesis of the 5 of them that created this history. The emotionally and psychologically fragile Richard Manuel gave them a vocie of terror at the weight of the world. Levon Helm brough an authenticity that could only have come from someone who knew what it was like to scratch the earth and hope for crops. Rick Danko brought a wizened view, remarkable for his age. Hudson made it all that much more incendiary by playing everything. The box set leaves no one uncredited for how and why this Band was so great. In the years since, first Manuel, then Danko have left us. Danko had an important career going with Eric Andersen and Jonas Fjeld, but his heart gave out. Any of those trio records are worth seeking out - they came closest to surpassing what he did in the Band. Robbie has virtually disappeared behind his archive. Helm and Hudson have barely survived bouts with cancer, bankruptcy and heart disease. Like The Beatles, as they leave this world, they remind us how special their gifts to us were. And this is a worthy addition to their canon for the long view it gives of their creative genius.     