 from Neil Young's rightful successor, this Double Live CD/DVD presents, along with the web only release of his Live concert in Seattle, and TERROIR BLUES from last year, Farrar's angular vision, at times acoustically syncopated, at others in full electric roar, of the state of things, especially America in a time of Bush dynasties and insidious corporate and personal greed as it has infected the American soul. It is and remains as disturbing a portrait as Young's work at its best, and Farrar shares Young's less than optimistic conclusions for any but the solitary. There is a sense that Farrar is not that far from "Ambulance Blues" in its apocalyptical resignation of the force of gravity. Here in Live settings, "6 String Belief" and "California" lay out the spiritual desolation and the only redemptory path lying deeply in the wounded psyche of an honest soul. "Doesn't Have to be this way" damns the Bush legacy in ways more poetic than blowhards like Micahel Moore will ever comprehend.  Clearly, Farrar and Jeff Tweedy are the two most important writers to emerge in music since Young and Crosby, and have collectively from Uncle Tupelo through Son Volt and Wilco left a detailed portrait of the way the US is decaying from the inside. The songcraft is more urgent than naything else in rock and pop. This is guitar driven music delivered with commitment. The demise of the US, like the early days of the decline of the Roman Empire is a"Damn Shame." and Farrar is not afraid to call it as he sees it. Wanting to "make it alright", he notes what odds are stacked against the Don Quixotes of this world. His is a perceptive analysis, and he has an extraordinary band along with him to deliver the goods here.  The DVD is simply shot, and presents Farrar in a captivating setting. It is enough to convince you to never miss a chance of seeing him play live. Both the CD and the DVD are so wonderfully recorded that the textures in each performance are a sonic wonder. The CD concludes with Young's "Like a Hurricane." Says it all really. When Neil Young finally fades into the Canadian sunset, Farrar will be there to cover the tracks and take up the mission. His is as raw and honest as Young's soul.     