 One of the things you'll notice straight off as you make your way through this collection is the nearly unbelieveable transformation in Cat's career, early as well as late. The first disc concentrates on his work prior to his TB affliction. He was a pretty awful 60's brit-pop writer with horrible production people. Think soundtracks to Avengers and you have the idea. If you knew nothing about Cat and began with this disc, you'd march straight away back to the store. There is about 16 minutes of music I'd listen to more than once, and a bit less more than twice. At that point our hero is taken seriously ill and reemerges with an entirely different aesthetic, a vision and the skill to present it. And the next 2 discs display what a remarkable writer he was. Too often dismissed as a darling of college girls, he wrote compellingly of his search for meaning in life, a journey that took him through his own Greek heritage, both Pythagorean and Christian, through Buddhism, to Islam. And the documents of his stops along the way are among the most compelling of all the songs written in the 1970's. Cat had two bona fide masterpieces, "Catch Bull at Four" and "Buddha and the Chocolate Box", and enough extraordinary songs throughout all his albums to make each a worthwhile listen. As his commitment to Islam deepened, he grew clearly less interested in the superficiality of whatever it was "Cat Stevens" stood for, and certainly by "Izitso" he had made the decision to shake the dust from his sandals of the place that is pop stardom. The last disc focuses a bit, but not enough, on his Islamic influenced directions, and includes some terrific live cuts. There had been a Japanese live CD that I recall from the 70's that was a decent document of him live, but apparently Cat was never happy with it. One would hope that if there are master tapes of his concerts in the vaults at A & M that he will release the best of them because he was an extraordinary communicator live. He was less pop star than griot or shaman or even Socrates with an Ovation guitar. This box contains enough snippets to whet the appetite and certainly it would be a great testament to all the great things he was. As to his Islamic direction, I'd like to know more...The story of this man is not over, by a long shot. What was Cat Stevens was an important prelude to an honest soul on the road to find out.     