 This extraordinary collection from the double trio at two different points in its all too brief history is a wonderful gift from the DGM vaults. The double trio went where no Crim had ever dared go before (well, they all do, don't they, but somehow in a kingdom of very different differences this was exceptionally different), and for this enthusiast, each and every encounter was a cause for wonder, fascination, puzzlement. I danced, sang, pondered and celebrated Crim's musicking with such a total fascination and bewilderment at what they were really after, that when I heard that the double trio opetd not to reconvene, I was heartbroken. Sure, other double trios and double quartets and DNA like entanglements of musicians such as Ornette Coleman's Free Jazz ensembles, Trane's transitional team with Elvin & Rasheed, reached for whatever that is that Music whispers to them in confidence and came away forever changed, and so I should have expected noless would be the case with Crim, but all the same, having caught them at an early stage in the life of the double trio and near the end, I had the feeling that they were onto yet another breakthrough, or whatever the words are, which are totally inadequate anyway.  As to this disc, the integrity of the musicians and their pursuit is so clearly evident that it is hard to believe these are separate shows. And there is a sense of coming at the material in ways different from other documents. KC always seems to reconsider, rework, redirect, reexamine what it is that is both their foundation and their evolving directions, and that is in full display here, be it this incarnation of "21st Century Schizoid Man," or Belew's examination of John Lennon's Beatle-less version of his last song, or a Soundscape to accompany the Biker Babes of the Rio Grande. Perhaps the double trio will reconvene one day, perhaps not. For a moment in NYC and Mexico City, the tapes were rolling and caught them absolutely alive with the MusiKc. Long live the King. This is an extraordinary document of a remarkable experiment.     