 This coffee table sized tome would make a perfect gift for anyone with an avocation for all things Hendrix. This is a well researched and documented account of the career and personal history of Jimi Hendrix. Shadwick has done a terrific job casting the historical setting that made both his music nad himself possible. While not the musicologist's tome that Lewis Porter did on John Coltrane, the research and writing here is absolutely first rate. Shadwick clearly sets an historical line that preceeded Hendrix as musician and showman both in the course of R and B and Blues and Jazz (louis Jordan, T Bone Walker, the Isleys, etc) as well as that mix of Cherokee and African family heritage and  culture that made him so unique. I'm not clear whether or not this has the official approval of the Hendrix Estate, but it should. It is a compassionate, yet unblinking study of his intrepid courage, his core humble hamnity, and the havoc wrought by the struggles and the success in a world of rock going crazy. In so many ways the "cult of personality" was born around and out of the fascination and adoration of Jimi Hendrix, first and foremost as a musician, and as just this wild hippie, which image became the whale that swallowed the Jonah of new music. At a time when he most needed to retreat from being "Jimi Hendrix" an entire network had contrived to ensnare him The dismay expressed by Mitchell, Redding and Cox is squarely legitimate and indicts for all time those whose msiion it was to consume him. It clearly jumps out at you who was loyal to Hendrix as a human being, who sycophantically fed off him like a pernicious cancer, destroying a brilliant and yet essentially very kind man. It will aways be one of the great unanswered questions as to where he might have gone with his music. In the case of Coltrane, John had come to contemplate the face of God and may not have been able to articulate any further the rapture he experienced, and thus he may not have died so much as ascended into heaven.  In the case of Hendrix, he had inadvertently grasped onto death's doorhandle and while looking for a way to rise like a Phoenix from what he had clearly perceived as an exhausted road, he did not so much select his end as be virtually tossed from the window while scanning the horizon for a new rising sun.  The book is loaded with great photos and an index, set of references and a discography that is definitively well documented. The interviews recounted with friends, family, loved ones and villains is even handed and objective. This is a terrific book, definitely the best there is about a man whose music impacted and changed forever the way dedicated artists considered their craft. And no one has played the guitar the same way since Jimi Hendrix. He changed everything.     