 Hans Knappertsbusch was, as the Amazon review indicates, one of the last Great Conductors, especially with the repertoires of Bruckner, Beethoven and Wagner. His personality as well as his remarkable spiritual grasp of music made him absolutely a commanding presence to the orchestras and the patrons of his time. He was ever his own man and even the Iron Fist of Nazi Germany could not make him buckle. He refused to cowtow to fascists of any stripe and for that reason alone will always remain a hero to Music itself. The DVD herein presents Kna in a televised broadcast with one of his favourite orchestras. He never held much stock in rehearsal, preferring to work without a net to add that sense of spontaneity and danger to surrendering oneself to the confidences of Music. In this particular concert, he and the Vienna orchestra deliver magic and wonders! His take on EROICA, is not at all magestic. Instead, the Overture opens with a sense of tragedy, that all is not as it might seem for an heroic figure. Anyone who has struggled to achieve anything in their life will know exactly what loss is also carried in victory. Wilhelm Backhaus, the legendary pianist, delivers the Piano Concerto in G and the sympatico between Kna and Backhaus is a wonder to listen to. Backhaus was, seemingly, born at a piano, and born as well to play Beethoven. That German TV had the presence of mind to select this concert is an extraordinary testament to their artistic devotions. The concert finishes with Wagner and Birgit Nilsson, the finest Wagnerian soprano ever. And what a performance from Tristan and Isolde! Absolutely sublime! This is a treasure! The sound is remarkable, given the state of recording in 1962. Kna's twilight was arising and he must have had a sense of Time running. His Parsifal and his Ring cycle from these last years were as good as opera gets. Years later on the seminal detective series, "Inspector Morse" on PBS television, the Wgner pieces most often quoted in scoring that series were Knappertsbusch. Fittingly, Morse, as a character, had much in common with Knappertsbusch: a refusal to follow norms for the sheer sake of following them, a belief in his own intellectual prowess, and a conviction that in the moment of spontaneity, like minded souls rose to the occasion. There was also that element fo tragedy that Kna found inside the score itself that required no other embellishment than an honest and disciplined and committed articulation from the artist. This DVD is a treasure for the human soul who seeks ever and always to be true. We owe the producers at ORF a tremendous debt of gratitude for releasing this extraordinary concert by extraordinary artists.     