 First, if you have never been to Prince Edward Island,or Abegweit in native Canadian ("Floating Emerald"), you owe it to your soul to go. There are few things as nourishing for your well being as a long walk along the red clay roads, a warm and wonderful swim in the beautiful Gulf of St Lawrence, a cycle through the blue green grass of the fields of North Rustico, oysters and Alexander Keith's in Malpeque, the confluence of Acadian, Irish and Scots culture in the music across this remarkable island. Until you hie yerself awa', pick up this CD. Lennie Gallant, along with Roy Johnstone, is one of the most original and creative artists from this beautiful, beautiful part of Maritime Canada. Lennie is a master of the craft of songwriting. His lyrics cover the affairs of the heart and the soul, the life of an islander, the outlook of an artist who in travelling abroad brings his soul, nurtured as it was among these cultures, with him to infuse his poetic vision. As a musician, he constructs and builds layers with his music that are more sophisticated than many an effort you'll hear from any writer with more notoriety. Repeatedly he is a JUNO award winner and East Coast Music Association winner as performer, recording artist, writer. This live document presents a great introduction to the many wonders of Lennie Gallant, and I would urge you with great emphasis to take a chance on this disc. The songs cover his early career, with such tunes as "Pull of the Fundy Tide","Mademoiselle, Vouez-vous danser?" and his most currently acclaimed "Meet Me at the Oasis." Even a cursory listen will convince you of his extraordinary portraits and the truth they convey, be it the social and political commentaries of "Coal Black" or "Band's Still Playing", his Acadian roots in "Valse des Vagues", the romance of "Slow Boat" and the existential questions of "Which Way Does the River Run?" His support team are well seasoned colleagues who pull out all the stops in supplementing the power of the songs with the textures they bring. The production is immaculate. This CD won great awards throughout Canada, and the latest release from Lennie, "La Vente Boheme" has already garnered the ECMA top prize and is short listed for the JUNO. But it is how rooted in the mystic of PEI that will grab about his music. Now, if we can just get Amazon.com to offer Roy Johnstone's CD, "Devil's Jig".....     