 ... and in the land of the blind, i.e. Amerika in the 21st Century, who is king? In the early 1950's, Amerika, the poster nation for paranoid schizophrenia, set about ridding itself of communists. Ther had been political precedents for the action: England starving the Gaelic Irish in the middle of the 19th Century, Nazi Germany ethnically cleansing its Aryan race in the 30's and 40's, still there was room to refine the tactic. Enter a neo-con from the great state of Minnesota, dabble in draconian fear mongering with the homo-erotic fanatacism of an FBI director whose tastes were kept secret and would today be the envy of Michael Jackson, target a group who simplistically embraced a totalitarian principle out of intellectual naivete (almost as pernicious a disease as fanatical obedience), and you begin to ride the slippery slope toward an Orwellian nightmare. Lives were ruined, careers dashed, suicides ensued in order to keep the red threat at bay. Of course, today, the Red Threat has more to do with a neo-christian fascism with a particular red state and texas twang. It's no accident that George Clooney had the courage to make and then release this film. It should have been awarded Best Picture, but, you see, Hollywood still hasn't recovered from the first purge, and what there is there in the likes of Spielberg, Lucas and so many others is a buy into the whole capitalist machine. They dislike what the neo-cons stand for, but not that much. At least not until they are ordered back into the boxcars. This is the engaging story of a man who essentially was an ardent patriot and had little intellectual sympathy for the naivete mentioned above. At the same time, he had not lost his moral compass and knew right from wrong, good from evil. Steeling his nerve he dared take on the black knight of American paranoia and his own boss, another one whose ethnic background should have taught him the dangers inherent in molly-coddling with a capitalist hegemony that would grind him and his tribe under the wheel, and were in fact in the process of doing so, but Paley is another story. David Straitharn and George Clloney and the entire cast give performances for the ages. Every word rings true. The portrait of Murrow here is a portrait in courage that few have ever embraced. Like those kids in front of the Chinese tanks in Tianemin Square, Murrow stood up to a fascist machine and refused to capitulate for the sake of his own safety.  Are there any such men today? Joe Wilson, perhaps. Not many more. Cindy Sheehan, the Zappala family, a handful of others. Why? In the 19th Century, German philosopher Georg Wilhelm Hegel lamented that his fellow German countrymen were all to willing to surrender their freedoms in return for a pittance in tax relief. Has anything changed? Why doesn't this outrage you?     