 Make no mistake about it, this line up of Crimson went where no one went before with music. The double trio would not have been possible without the successes and failures of this band, and these two concerts show both, redeeming the failures considerably. One could argue that Bruford's departure from the double trio had more to do with the King's next course of action than any active creative input, and his absence may be the one thing still haunting Crimson and its Prime Minister. Levin has returned to the stick and that only serves to make conspicuous Bruford's absence. Mastelloto's is not a simple fate. As to here, though, neither of these shows is the absolute and categorical triumph of ABSENT LOVERS, the double CD of the last show in Montreal. No matter, they present the King in full roar. The Spanish film at Frejus suffers from a less than wonderful sound, although the DGM team has performed a miracle in getting it to sound as good as it does. The Japan show is hampered by absolutely silly video tricks that are just plain amateurish, especially when stacked in this compilation with Tony Levin's home movies and photos!  The Japan show does have a tremendously enhanced audio component to it.  KC was never much of a visula treat, in fact they are often humourously casting aspersions on most pyro and other technics, and such is the case here. We are offered two concerts with Belew in various styles of Hugh Hefner pajamas (Fripp so desperately wants girls to like Crimson, hmmm), and Fripp in either black tux or white dinner jacket. God bless him, he singlehandedly redeems every English dweeb on the planet. Thank God his wife and his sister got him to look in the mirror. He dresses much better these days. Levin and Bruford command the rhythm, in much the same powerful and protean way that, say, Maria Callas commanded an operatic score: no quarter asked or given. The four of them were like that. Fripp and Belew are the absolute best paired guitarists ever, and they so thoroughly compliment each other that hearing either of them solo compells you to think of the other. The material had its highs and lows, and they are clearly on evidence here. But do yourself a favour. If you enjoy these shows, go to DGM's website and order ABSENT LOVERS. You will be in for one of the most rewarding nights of music in your life. Fripp talks often of MUSIC leaning over and taking one into its confidence. There are flashes of that in these two shows, it positively infuses every moment of the Montreal show.     