 Although it is not really necessary to stick to the knitting of the script of Tolkein's book, what the extended version displays in dramatic form is how far from the environmental and anti-violence message Jackson's theatrical edition has strayed. Given the advance complaints from Christopher Lee about the hatcheting of the third film, it might just be best to wait until the extended DVD comes out next Christmas. We'll find out soon enough. A question for Jackson: why would you edit the third film anyway? There is no fourth. Do it right, for a change. As to this film, as with the first, much of the extra footage fills in details or gives more substance that in the theatre release seemed to be passing nods to cognoscenti who may have brushed up on the book just before curtain. However, there are some critical passages that SHOULD have been in: most notably, "Sons of the Steward" segment, the initial capture of Frodo & Sam by Faramir, and most importantly, "Flotsam and Jetsam." In the case of the first, the essential dialectic between two sons of a father already unkowingly corrupted by the lure of the ring addresses everything from the literal implications to the endless psychological and family issues involved in the passing of one generation to another, be it business or early onset Alzheimers. But critically to the third film, this scene lays out what is a very key part of the conclusion of the story and why Middle Earth will be forever changed when it passes to men.  As to Frodo's initial capture by Faramir, they come across a fallen opponent and Faramir delivers an oratory that is right at the heart of the tragedy of war, and this is a story borne of a tragedy in Europe in which young men answered calls and found their death. On top of the contextual part, the actuial acting in these two scenes is among the best in the series thus far. Pity. Do we really need more of the "Guns of Navaronne" type of film-making? Essentially all war movies are the same: stress in anticpation, catharsis in battle, sacrifice in the aftermath. What changes is the quality of the toys used to display it. That is NOT what the story is about. The Sons scene deleted also gives depth to Framir's confrontation with Frodo and Sam in the cave and establishes the ethical and the metaphysical reason why he, and not Boromir, should survive and have an important future in Middle Earth. Many of the other characters are given much more detail as well: Eowyn's part makes sense in this film now. She isn't just Renaissance eye-candy. The Ents are less Disney-like cartoons and actually manage to reel off both Tolkien's interest in lyrical poetry and the Heideggerian question concerning technology and the environment in more than broad pastiche. And that brings us to Flotsam: much has been made of Jackson's omission of the spider, which, honestly, is a mere dramatic device to advance the story (a more nefarious Tom Bombadill, if you will) that can be quickly addressed in #3. But at the fall of Isengaard, there is an essential confrontation between Gandalf and Saruman that defines the entire conflict that knowledge and power can produce among the knowing and the innocent. In the course of this confrontation, an orb is picked up that has enormous ontological consequences as the story unfolds. It ties in with the entire issue of knowledge, power, corruption and innocence. This is precisely how the movie should have ended, and more's the pity that Jackson took the Jerry Bruckheimer route. That said, and as the rumours begin to fly about the editing of RETURN OF THE KING, the third film is in danger of going Hollywood. I wept at the end of the books, and I suspect I'll just be full of popcorn with Jackson's resolution of the human factors, the exitential confrontations, the mythological interpretation of death and loss. This edition is truly what the second film should have been. If you love the story, pick this up. As to the superfluous material scattered over the other 2 discs, it's mostly for the Mac graphically inclined, but the discussion about Tolkien, featuring notably Christopher Lee, and the New Zealand as Middle Earth segments are terrific. Regarding Tolkien, the various talking heads give you an historical context, but unless you're literate enough to understand the dynamics between Tolkien and C.C. Lewis and even Charles Williams for that matter, this might be lost on the casual viewer. Still, I'm glad it's here. Tends to validate Lee's criticism's of Jackson's editing as well. It would be well to keep in mind that when published, it was ridiculed at Oxford as "Bored of the Rings" and actually never really achieved its legendary status until the hippies re-discovered it in the sixties. What began as an academic way of comforting his son in the midst of WW2 inspired so many of us later to be concerned about the very life-stuff of this planet, human and otherwise.     