 of their history, this mini-box is exceptionally comprehensive and includes among its features just how good alternative YES line-ups were. The BBC selections have been released before, but it is great to be reminded how seminally influential Peter Banks was on Howe and Rabin. Howe follows seemlessly in the path first blazed by Banks. And YES becomes his band after that. It is also fitting that YES's first drummer (well, they weren't named YES at that point), opens the book with his notes on the band's inception. Bruford brought a dramatic change upward for YES in the drumchair as well as their name change, and their history was then set on its course. The disc then chronicles major live performances that have not been released before, and ends with two pieces that show why Bruford left. "America" was a great 4 minute edit when it appeared on some LPs in the 70's. At greater lengths, it wanders nowhere. Paul Simon is not someone on whom you can expand with any great success. His stuff is meant to be short. Even Bruford clearly runs out of ideas 5 minutes in. Give YES credit for showing its warts. Disc Two opens with several selections from the Patrick Moraz era, and makes a very strong case for how much more interesting this band was live than on RELAYER. Moraz was clearly influenced by classical composers like Rautavarra who used bird calls in their music, and that comes off a lot less shrill and twee than it did on the LP. "Sound Chaser" is positively brilliant, "Siberian Khatru" an aural wonder with which they effect some interesting tempo changes. The more traditional line-up takes over after this and the performances are genuinely inspired. Disc Three serves up both the Geoff Downes-Trevor Horn Buggled YES and the Trevor Rabin, post 9012Live YES, interesting subplots to the chronicles athat validate the band above the studio releases.  And that is really the point, I believe, of this box: YES is often at its best live. Perhaps there is a live TALES to come yet. In any case, by releasing these treasures from their vault, YES presents a dramatic insight into the variety and consistency of a band working at all times to achieve a remarkable body of music. One quibble and correction: Greg Lake writes a personal recollection of his early days with Chris Squire. Unfortunately he takes credit for starting King Crimson with Robert Fripp. Fripp very clearly has noted that King Crimson started with Michael Giles and Ian McDonald. Fripp answered an ad for a keyboard player who could sing. When Michael's brother Peter was in over his head, Fripp suggested Lake, with whom he had been playing bar mitzvahs (now there's a bootleg!) in Wimbourne, Bournemouth and other cultural cynosures in the UK. Crimson was named by the artist who did the cover for the first CD, a friend of McDonald's. But Lake derves respect for his contributions to both KC and ELP, for which he was also hired.     