 Having just seen this marvelous Spanish film (in Phoenixville, of all places, home of The Blob), I am entirely moved by the passionate sympathy brought to all sides of the euthanasia issue by this extraordinary writer and director. I'm completely unfamiliar with anything else he has filmed, but shall pursue his films more arduously based on how wonderful is this one. In the heat of the Terry Schiavo fury surrounding that poor soul and her family and her husband, this film is certainly topical, but it would resonate even if the Bush Fascists weren't trying to ramrod their putsch down the throats of one and all. This is the story of a man who has become quadripelegic as a result of a swimming accident, and now in his middle age would like to end his life. He has been a burden to his family, though they fulfill their care for him with great love and devotion. He is a source of hope for a lonely woman, and then falls in love with the lawyer who seeks his judicial approval. All of the emotions you could possibly summon are on display here through the dynamics of the various relationships. There is a sanctimonious priest who initially comes off as absurd, but then quite comically reaches a sympatico with the protagonist, not that he endorses the request for euthanasia, just the two men come to understand each other without any malice. What a concept, eh, all in its own right.... The older brother can not agree with his younger brother's decision because in his heart and soul he is convinced that for all that he gave up, he'd continue to do it to care for his brother because it is the right thing to do. The protagonist wants someone to love him just enough to release him from his bonds.  The music is enchanting and haunting, with the plaintive gaita of Suzanne Seivanne and Carlos Nunez on the score. The scenery of Galicia, the Celtic part of northwestern Spain, is beautiful. The acting is sublime. You will talk about this movie a lot. Its even handed treatment of the moralities involved is unblinking and compassionate and so this is a film to watch with your family, well, maybe not the kids, but anyone with whom you will be making decisions about yours or their care as Bush strips away the safety net for all Americans under a certain income level.     