 Perhaps one of the most powerful books ever in Western culture, this recasting of a profoundly human story cuts as deep to the core of the heart and soul as anything you will ever read. This isn't the pop trifle of mystery writers like Ludlum et al, but the dire consequences of becoming a true existential hero. Sartre and Camus should have had the huevos of Alekos.  I first read this in the early 80's and have read it many times since. This is a story of bravery, of frustration, of human frailties, of the struggle of a people to wrest control of its destiny away from the merciless militaristic regime (anyone in America paying attention here?) in the very land where democracy was created, of a man dealing with his mysoginy, and a woman loving this man as he works through the conflicts that he has willingly inherited and just as willingly seeks to resolve. All the characters are flawed and that is why this is such a remarkable triumph. You will break down in tears as you move toward the inevitable conclusion. Greece has not had a hero like this since Socrates. And what all of them go through is more gut wrenching than anything you will ever read anywhere else. This is the story Costa-Gavres' "Z" was based on. By all means, if you care about freedom, the human soul, the passions that grip a man and a woman as they attempt to deal with the highly charged issues of their own romance while facing down a government prepared to grind them under the wheel, you have a moral imperative you owe to yourself to read this story. Oriana Fallaci is a remarkable, liberating writer. Whatever I have read by her has moved me, whether or not I agree with her opinions and directions. This book stripped my soul bare and made me ask myself more questions than anything I have ever read. Do you want to know hat is a man? Do you really want to know what is in the soul, the heart, the intelligence of a man? Are you really prepared to face the answers and implications of these questions?.....     