 Having read from Fripp how displeased he was with this record, and having found this particular edition of Crimson to seem often at odds with the task at hand, I approached its purchase with some concern. More fool me. One of the great surprises of this band was their ability to rise above the material they were saddled with, and this document stands as testimony to the bravery and sometimes genius they were quite capable of. Perhaps it was the editing job that put Fripp off. It is a mess. Live cuts fade out and fade in, some pieces seem to circle the airport looking for a place to land, but just as often, this ensemble locks in, and hits the target with devastating results. Often considered a jam or a blowing band, they nonetheless could funkify like no previous formation did or later formation could. To compare them, rightly or wrongly, is a bit like comparing Cannonball Adderly's quintet with John Coltrane's quartet. Yeah, there's a difference in intentionalities and results, but there is a shared commitment and dedication whose wellspring is total devotion. Perhaps that's a function of Ian Wallace's jazz heroes, or Boz Burrell's nascent r & b leanings, or Mel Collins' Cannonball style phrasings, or even Fripp's efforts to shed his skin. Whatever the collective imperatives, what you'll find in this set, odd editing and all, is Crimson playing with abandon. Burrell's vocals were never to my liking, and so the screeching mess that is "21st Cent" is really the only selection I'm not enthusiastic about. Most of the rest is a series of improvs and jams that show how this band could cook, free of the naft Sinfield, and left to its own devices. That more than likely meant that the clocking was ticking and there would not be an extended history for them, all the same, check out "Groon". There is evidence a plenty that both "Fracture" and "Fractured" are on their way.  The fragment presented of "A Sailor's Tale" has an incendiary performance from Fripp that again seems to signal that enormous plate shifts in the tectonic foundations of the Crimson foundation are about to lurch the entire Court forward into very new confidences. If all you know about this formation of Crimson is the 1 studio album, you owe it to yourself, if you have the bug for all things KC, to check this ensemble out among the collector's club releases, especially "Summit Studios." This bunch took a lot of punches, but when the dust settled, and when you strip away what they really were not, you're left with a band Earthbound, but highly thrakked.     