 The hard thing is that when you are so closely identified with what English song should sound like, it is easy enough to be trapped by your own commanding history. So, when you have a voice like Norma Waterson or a guitar technique like Martin Carthy, how do you get beyond your own history, and theirs is a daunting one. I don't even know that English women should sound like Norma waterson, but she is so quintessentially English that you hear any other deflection as through the prism of her delivery. As for Carthy, how can you pick up a Martin guitar to play any English tune and not be influenced by the man who, along with Richard Thompson and Robert Fripp, has set the standard, so much so that I can't think of any one before Carthy with the same influence. Can you? So, then, you have their child who is the first Brit fiddle player in a very long while to stand on an equal plane with her Scots and Irish contemporaries. It's been at least since Dave Swarbrick's heyday. All of which could lead to a CD trapped by its own baggage. That's not the case here. Choosing tunes that reflect stories of best intentions gone wrong and disastrous consequences resulting, WC has unleashed a torrent of an album. The song and tune selections have almost as much gallows humour and body count as an Old Blind Dogs' CD. The musicianship is sublime and superb (how could it not be!). WC is a Churchillian force to be reckoned with and their allegiance to the less fortunate in their greene and pleasante land is word enough to bolster heart and spirit when the rest of the world caves in to the Texas nitwit. I love this CD. It's arrived at just the right time. One day, they'll do a DVD. In that DVD you'll have one of the liberating experiences of your life: watching Norma rise above her own reputation and deliver everything from WW2 patriotic songs to the most aching ballads. WC achieves a liberation in live performance that I just don't think you can get on a studio based CD, and you really have to see it, for while she is no Madonna or Spice chic, Norma has a swagger Mick Jagger would kill for and a theatricality that I've only ever seen Kate Bush come close to, and Norma keeps her clothes on. So, hie ye to a WC show should one arrive in yer village, otherwise, pick this CD up.     