 As most jazz fans know by now, Cuong Vu, avant garde trumpet player extraordinaire, has taken up residence within the Pat Metheny Group, at least for the next Group effort. That portends extremely adventurous music for Metheny & Co. Vu thrives on working without a safety net, and his brilliant sonic explorations on his new CD, "Come Play With Me," suggest that he is ready to take a veritable assembly like PMG and lead it into unexpected vistas. Perhaps instead of "We Live Here" PMG will be titling the new disc, "We're not in Missouri Anymore." For you see, when you listen to Vu, Miles is never far away, especially "Dark Magus" Miles. Especially on this disc! The sense of danger has always run as an under, or even main, current in CDs such as "Bound" and "Pure" but here within "Come Play" Vu offers his undertow right from the start in the "Dreams.." track. Ably assisted by bass player Stomu Takeishi and drummer John Hollenbeck, Vu pursues his muse with an uncompromising intensity. Only Miles ever made music this scary and this beautiful. Perhaps as the drums and bass kick in, it is the strains of Viet Namese traditional music, the court muisc of Hue, that seem to lift the soul and spirit of the Music which has taken Vu into its confidence.  When the trio swings into Vina's Lullaby and finishes with Again and Again and Again, it will occur to you how far you have been transported. Vu is as removed from the Marsalis cookie cutter factory of trumpet playing as Miles was. This is SOUL music, that point in the soul where silence must be honoured, framed, and respected for its ineffable reverence. No one since Miles has caught on to it, and no one plays like Cuong Vu. This is precisely the kind of music Ken Burns would have no idea how to handle. This is music on which to dwell poetically, as Heidegger might have it, and it is music that suggests that this brilliant young musician may well indeed effect the changes to jazz that the Dark Prince once did. Whatever happens to the PMG, it will never be the same for its encounter with Cuong Vu. You won't be either. Go listen!     