 Well, hello, Mr Soul, have you lost hold on your reason? Neil by Numbers continues with an abyssmal effort at knocking off Booker T and the MGs. This is really the kind of stuff that makes one yearn for the Shocking Pinks.  Someone should have told Neil that some of the reason Otis, Sam and Dave, and Booker himself were so successful in what they did was that they were able to convey more ontological umph in one moan than Neil musters here in 6 and 7 minute meanderings.  The opening track, "You're my girl" is a paen to his daughter leaving for college, although that's what I read in the papers. You wouldn't get that from the lyrics. To me it's a passable Booker T knock off. "Mr Disappointment" is a great Neil Young song, every bit the equal of anything he has written, and played with just the right element of menace. "Differently" and "Quit" might be great 2:30 minute songs for Al Green or Sam and Dave, but at 6 minutes for Neil, Yikes! The drum thuds a 1-2-3 beat with no sense of holding down the funk. In fact both drummers on this CD justify drum machines, and make Ringo sound like Buddy Rich or Elvin Jones.  It's a pity the Beamer Foundation didn't put a stop to "Let's Roll," a John Mellencamp take on 9-11. Circumstances notwithstanding, this grandstanding polemic offers nothing. In recent interviews, Neil has commented that if "Ohio" had been written today, they (CSNY) would have given the money to the families. Ahem, it's not too late. If the song raises money for the Foundation, well, I guess it serves a purpose, but hard to believe it is coming from the same mouth that sang about "Freedom" back when GB was the 41st. The title tune has terrific lyrics that suffer from a somnambulent walk through. This is one that should have scorched and burned much like "Danger Bird" from ZUMA. It doesn't. Maybe live, he'll fix it. I can't figure out what happened to "Going Home", another potentially great NY song that Crazy Horse manages to knacker with a Tomahawk chop rhythm part. This is one of those Carlos Castaneda trips of Neil's. Who knows what it really is about, but it has the potential to burn down the house live. There was a time when Crazy Horse did not need to stoop to amateur atmospherics like the pow wow beat of the drums. Somehow their very shardlike fragmentations were enough to suggest the unbridled passion of a people wronged. We're all gettin older I guess. The last four tunes are completely unremarkable. Someone needs to sit Neil down with a stack of Wings CDs and Lennon-Ono CDs and make him listen over and over again until he gets it that it's not always a great idea to have your wife sing back up. For every Patti Scialfa, there's a thousand Linda's. Neil won't make anyone forget Steve Winwood, the only white man to ever pull off soul music, and the only one who can rightfully stand with Booker himself. Of course, Winwood certainly knows his strengths, which is an esteemable virtue. There's a point to sticking to the knitting, and in Neil's case, it's time to get back to the garden.     