 Well, maybe not exactly, but you can't help but think Meaghan Monaghan bears an uncanny resemblance to Katie Holmes, and at least allegorically, there are a lot of symbolic jumping off points, pardon the reference, to Cruise's life. Who's portraying who? But as pure celluloid, this is a heart-stopping, hold your breath and hope you don't pee thrill ride from start to finish. I hope Daniel Craig can effect such an adrenaline rush into the product placement bore of the James Bond series. This one leaps, runs, explodes and exhausts you for 2 hours, and there isn't a rum piece of footage in the whole film. It borrows heavily from USUAL SUSPECTS and in part from LAYER CAKE (Daniel Craig again) and certainly from ALIAS, whose creator is at the helm of this ecstatic run. And does Cruise ever run. You'd like to hate the guy, but that smile and the beam in his eyes are endearing and he is in remarkable shape, without pandering to cuteness. He comes across so genuinely, that Ethan Hunt and he certainly share the same skin on several fronts.  The plot is all action, all the time: secret weapons, crazy madman (Hoffman is brilliant - the real seceret to any action film is how believable the bad guy is, and Hoffman is cold and nasty), damsels in distress, good support teams, questionable bosses: it all works. The surprise of the film is Maggi Q - possibly the hotest woman on film ever. You have to suspend belief when she enters the Vatican in THAT red dress. But I can't think of a sexier moment in all of cinema as when she reaches under said coiture to remove a detonating device. She is less a presence in the last 20 minutes, but prior to that, she steals every scene she is in. Rhames and Fishbourne are brilliantly hammy, and it works all the way through. Cruddup is maybe the weak link, but he's good enough to keep certain pivotal points going. The demise of Hoffman is so perfect that you have to laugh at the way it virtually pillories all the high tech stuff. Cruise's slide down the pyramid top of a building will leave you wanting to go to the potty as fast as possible, but don't! It's a lot of fun and a great summer movie. Hope there is a number 4 in the works.     