 It's hard to put into words exactly what it is that Becker does to alter the chemistry enough to make something Fagan creates SD. Maybe it's the punch songs have or the crisp endings or something slyly more sardonic in the lyrics. But you can tell a solo shot versus a collaboration from across a smokey noise filled bar at the end of the world in a heartbeat. The way it seems to work is that Fagan will deliver another solo CD after this while Becker produces for whoever will be next year's Rickie Lee Jones, and then prehaps release a solo CD, then in a couple of years a new Steely CD will emerge that will remind you how terrific that partnership is, and then it will be followed closely by left over songs culled into a less than satisfying follow up, and then, who knows, one hasa  heart attack, there's a big funeral in NY and people like Ben Harper start releasing SD tributes. In the meantime, MORPH has arrived, and while it is less GAUCHO and KAMAKIRIAD (wasn't that a Boy George song?), it isn't as devastatingly stark and emotional as anything from Pretzel Logic through AJA. Still it seems like a cat trying to swim to those shores and for that alone it is a welcome addition to Fagan's canon. Much has been made of this being Fagan's come uppance with the grim reaper, and I scratch my head: hasn't that always been at the core of Fagan's tales: Fate's about to bite your winkie off, any last thoughts? What I miss are the crisp and surprising endings Becker seems to have wrought out of these Doc Pomus meets Charles Bukowski epics. Fagan has been asking the dust and detritus of the American Dream what it's like being spit on for years now, and like the aforementioned poet has had an uncanny ability to find both revulsion and redemption in their tales. That is still the strongest suit in this collection of songs. There is no escaping the notion that the end of the world as you know it can be see from where you stand, and Fagan finds hope paradoxically even in the despair, as though asking if we don't give up, how can we ever hope? "Mary Shut the Garden Door" may sum it up best, but each song on this release is worth careful consideration. The arrangements are what you'd expect from Fagan - all NY r & b, coupled with a world weary sensibility and a NY sarcasm. Fagan's voice is more reedy and nasal, but that comes with age, and an approaching sense that inspite of your sneer, the end is near. Well worth picking up, if only for the way it points back to AJA and what might still come forward in a few years, after a few projects, God willing. From these lips to some mother's ears...     