 It's a good job Beethoven's dead. Almost every songwriter out there these days would be out of work, and if he could break dance, well, .... To get to the point, for a bit of work that is generally regarded as less than major in his canon, Beethoven ably demonstrates he has the chops to blow the doors off every and any writer of popular tunes. Commissioned to write settings for some popular Irish and Scottish songs, B set to reworking and rethinking and recasting them entirely, and the results, while certainly not imperative repertoire for the classically minded, nonetheless are incredibly great songs.  I've known these tunes all my life, and it was as though I heard them for the first time. Apparently, they had the same effect 300 years ago. The singers and the musicians on this disc excel in conveying the groundbreaking settings and dynamics written into the tunes, and you'd have a very clear impression that this was very much a living dynamic and not a scholastic interpretation.  "On the Massacre at Glencoe," Beethoven brings in the profound horror and sorrow, as tangent now as though it were 9-11.  As an Irishman, I have no particular fondness for "God Save the King," but what a reworking! Worthy certainly of King Crimson, this is a striking resetting of something that is regarded as pompous wallpaper now. "The Vale of Clywyd" and "The Return to Ulster" turn well worn folk tunes to a new light and reveal a sense of passion about homeland that is gripping. This CD serves fair warning to Elvis Costello, Joe Jackson, Billy Joel, and even McCartney to hone their craft if they wish to make the journey from pop to classical, because in the hands of a master, making the journey from Classical to Pop can be a striking, revelatory and glorious expedition. Beethoven and his colleagues on this CD succeed in upending preconceptions about the power of popular song as few artists ever have. Serious classical music? Kind of - Beethoven fully intended to knacker all expectations. Serious great songs? Indeed! Well worth the purchase! God Save Ludwig, the likes of ye we'll ne'er see again.     