 The trouble with being Bruce Springsteen is that you can never be free of the unrealistic expectations, so much so that you can start to believe your own bs. Odd coincidence, eh? ANYWAY, I have always tended to dismiss the bombastic arena stuff. How much of New Jersey can any of us stomach? I really never thought he was anything other than a Bayonne version of Dylan - long winded rants about particular zipcodes that had no bearing on anything else. But little things would pop up to tell me maybe I was wrong, like "Point Blank" on THE RIVER, the entire NEBARASKA album, THE GHOAST OF TOM JOAD, "Philadelphia" (and for the record, Neil's tune was better). It was clear how bone headed America took BORN IN THE USA. To the those of us free of the 49th parallel and the Rio Grande, it was clear the Jersey boy was being ironic, maybe the double irony is in the way it was perceived by the denizens of the neo-con Reagan years. My admiration changed significantly when BS took on the NYPD for the slaughter of the African guy pulling out his wallet, and in THE RISING his general tone of not just remorse, but the need to dig deeper at the root of the Trade Center hatred, with a willingness to check out the images in the mirror unflinchingly. That took integrity in the face of the Rumsfeld Ashcroft witchhunt. So as this arrived, there has been such a great hullabaloo about the E band's absence, and  a supposed accoustic Bs on display. Well, his predilection for Phil Spector like wall of sounds is still here, just no honking sax. The acoustic hype is silly. At times, it's a bit too noisy - e.g. there is a difference in the promo single and the Dualdisc version of the title cut. In the promo, the mix is more focused on a subdued presence, and it comes off as the most profound song I've ever heard. The lyrics tell it as it is: sometimes what you do to survive kills the things you love. A bit Oscar Wilde-ish, that: "All men kill the things they love, some do it with a gun, some with a kiss." And it is just that moral vaguery that S explores with such profound honesty in this disc, that I have top put it there with NEBRASKA and TOM JOAD as the ones I like most. Explorations of the duplicities you are ensnared by, the unethical outcomes of ethical dilemmas, the profane usurpation of faith by those with another agenda, the existential crises that Americans are faced with as a result of the way American life has de-constructed. Are they true for other cultures? Perhaps, But S Is Above All Born in the USA, and he is quintessentially American. His examination of conscience is genuine and direct. There are no nuanced turns for the sake of being clever. He is presenting stories that ring as genuinely as though you knew the characters involved. To that end, it is a great disc. Most often, the strings remind me of the way Nick De Caro used to underscore Gordon Lightfoot's most poignant works. To that end, forget the Dylan mumbo-jumbo, S is first and foremost a troubador, and the tradition Lightfoot represents is in full voice in this set of songs. It is in these understated and profoundly dumbstruck moments when we confront ourselves warts and all that Bruce Springsteen shows he is better than the hype, whoever generates it.     