 There is a lot about this DVD that I love, from the opening footage of Lincoln Center to the ascension of the chandeliers, the stage settings, the extraordinarily convincing acting, the wonderfully clear sound. However, Levine, perhaps seeking to emulate Hans Knappertsbusch in choice of a "langsam" tempo, actually comes off in the opening prelude and several times throughout as sounding as though he has lost his place. Where Kna would draw out the essence, the twilight, the mystique inherent in the mysticism in this wonderful opera, Levine's mob seems to just stop at points. And maybe it's me, but on video, he looks down at the score, so maybe, just maybe, he did forget. Maybe it's a cultural thing. New York tends to overwhelm whatever it does, that sometimes the more subtle and fragile essences are lost. That should send most New Yorkers into a frenzy. Anyway, Parsifal had its first performance outside of Bayreuth in NY with the Met, so the return in 1993 was a return effected with an homage to, though not a replication of, the directions the composer had issued for the production. The scenery is great. As you watch the singers perform, they inhabit their roles with conviction. Lighting is dramatic. In fact the whole experience is very much one of great wonder and joy to be part of. On DVD, it sparkles! I am likely ruined by Kna's 1962 performance, made in the certain knowledge that he was dying himself. On CD, that is the performance to own. You will feel your heart being pulled from your chest. The essence of the philosophical issues and the human questions presented in the music and text were cleared and presented by an artist as iconclastic, independent and as visionary as anyone to ever take up the baton. The orchestra and the singers knew the drama on the page and from the podium and played and sang as I've never heard in any other production. How could NY hope to match that? You would have to be German and would have to have lived in Kna's soul. All the same, this is a remarkable document of a work that asked so many questions about the nature of one's heart and soul. I enjoyed this enormously and would think that all lovers of this opera will find elements to embrace passionately in this production.     