 For his fourth album, McGuinn had put together a superb touring band that had a harder edge than any of his Byrd and solo records had shown. Having caught them in concert in a Devon movie theatre of all places, I was amazed at what a powerful group they were. As always, McGuinn's self-efacing humour was key to the joy and charm of these performances. That's hard to capture in a studio, but this was a very primal recording, again as much a premonition of the new wave and punk recording process as anything. Costello, Strummer and Bators must have been listening to CARDIFF ROSE and this one. So, with the enhanced remastering, you'll find that this disc literally snaps with energy. For the Gram Parsons devotees, this is as far removed as McGuinn would get, and that's just as well. It was time for a cleansing tonic from the southern california brain dead style of country rock. Enough was enough. Poco was still around if that's what you needed. Everything kicks off with a great burst in "Somebody Loves You." This band had caught fire. "Knocking on Heaven's Door" again, is the definitive version. Dylan hopefully thanks his almight God that McGuinn came along. Pity Roger hadn't been asked to join the Wilburys at the end of the Eighties, one can only imagine what would have been.... Anyway, the grit of "Lover of the Bayou," the island stylings of "Lisa" and the rest of the CD sound terrific. "Born to Rock and Roll" recasts a very weak tune into much a stronger framework, and it is nowhere near as leaden as the Byrds re-union take on it.  But what takes this CD elsewhere altogether are the incredible versions of "Wasn't Born to Follow" and "Chestnut Mare" that this line-up delivered live. It would be worth gold to release a live set from this band. These two tunes and the "Dreamland" live track on CARDIFF ROSE give you some indication what a great, great live band this was. As protean as Los Lobos. As I've said before, an underappreciated hero of music, McGuinn deserves a lot more attention. His influence over the years has been profound. Not everything he did was perfect, but I'd take his imperfections any day of the week. With this CD, you have a truly amazing touring band re-creating that energy in the studio and then flexing its live muscles as well in the bonus tracks. Enjoy! It's great!     