 Eric Andersen is one of those vanguard pioneers who came out of the Northern snowfields in the 60's and set about blurring the lines as to what songwriting was supposed to be about. As original and creative as his comtemporaries, some of whom inspired him, some of whom he challenged, much as fellow Canadian Neil Young would a few years later, Andersen seemed to trawl the darker waters of the soul, without falling under the sweep of the tide. Nothing's changed. It's only improved with age. His career hit a watershed moment with "Blue River", and as the "Lost Tapes" confirmed, he was very much the musical counterpoint to Thomas Pynchon's "Gravity's Rainbow." The BIG buisness of recording eventually ignored him, so he took himself back to the woodshed of his origins and began a long, fruitful and philosophically intense sojourn in Norway. All of the CDs from this epoch in his life are worth seeking out, in particular his collaborations with Jonas Fjeld, and later with Rick Danko.  But even with all of these extraordinary achievements, I have to admit I was completely blown away by the power of this CD. As the official reviewer states, this somewhat harkens back to a time when radio was less market researched and would give you a shot at stringing together something bold, creative, innovative. Andersen was all that in spades all along. It has reached its zenith here. The opening disc, supported by a superb cadre of musicians and singers, including his daughter, has all the trademarks of Eric Andersen at the top of his game. The second disc is a meditation on what went wrong with the world when America slew its leader. As McLeese notes, this is the kind of epic that perhaps only Robbie Robertson or Dylan could pull off with the same cogency, drama, power. It's not like you suddenly become brain dead at 60, but when you consider how safe most people try to play their lives by that point, to summon the courage and integrity to push songwriting and philosophical beliefs at this point in his life is positively Heideggerian in its daunting bravery. Plus it's sheer genius. Andersen went right to the cliff and lept off. His flight into the heavens is a thing of wonder, and he has a lot of very important observations to make that we ought to listen to, if we're not going to kill ourselves off for sure. Essentially, his is a soul that wants to come home. He has sought that home in lovers, family, music, Norway, North America. He looks for it still and will not release his soul or his heart or his mind until he finds it. Quite a statement from an artist who has always made quite a statement. Get this. You owe it to yourself.     