 Anyone following what any one of us who have been railing against the Evil Empire of Pinnochio and his puppet masters will get immediately what this book is really saying: that unless you make up your minds to drive these people from power and from influence, be prepared for a renewed Krystallnacht, for the cattle cars to line up on the rail line, and to be branded as "traitor" or some other threatening category in order for those who are currently wielding an unchecked power to lower the boom and effect what is the ultimate final solution.  Back in 1999, George Carlin, on Howard Stern, was fending off Stern's numbskull softballs and warning him that once we got rid of the unsavoury Arabs, then Jews, Gypsies, racial minorities and the handicapped were back on the list. He was referring to W's pentecostal roots for his primary runs. Funny thing is, he wasn't being funny. Stern missed it, and Carlin would later ask him if he was self-hating. To all the rubes who voted this cadre into power on the basis of their political support for Israel, do yourselves an enormous mitz vah and read this book. It is well researched, but hardly objective. Nor should it be. You have in Michelle Goldberg, a voice crying in the wilderness. Such forecasters tend to be ignored until it is too late and the rest of us are wondering how so many were murdered. In the case of our modern day country-western Nero, the carnage has spilled over three continents and shows no signs of abating. Effectively, they have gotten the base to finance this revolting Putsch by sacrificing the fiscal stability of the future of their country. Like lemmings, jews and christians alike have thrown money and given the Nationalist fascist Kriztianz a green light for fear of the bogey man in the dessert who got a lucky strike back in 2001. Defeating terrorism and spreading Kristo-Democrazeit is not what they have in mind. It is a money grab, and a final tip toward the apocalypse that would make John, the disciple Jesus loved, sick. You see, it comes to this: if this movement can self-realize its own rapture, there are no other rules you need. So, get the Arabs and the Jews  and the Hindus to square off and annihilate each other, marginalize the Buddhists, who don't believe in our version of redemption and retribution, and there will be peace for a 1000 years. Oh, and by the way, if there are any of the aforementioned groups who just refuse to get with the solution, there is salvation for you if you can help them self-actualize their role in your rapture. Not as good as 10,000 virgins, but whoever said you would have your willie in Paradise anyway. Goldberg writes a profound wake-up call - nowhere near as silly as this review. It's your country, Yank. Get rid of these people. Our planet is too small for this nationalist fundamentalism, and Goldberg is perfectly correct in sounding an alarm. After all, as Victor Hugo intoned, those who do not learn from the mistakes of the past are condemned to repeat them. The boxcars are lined up, are you really ready to get on board?     