 Without any question, "Driving Rain" brings all of Paul McCartney's prodigious talents into focus as they have not been since "Abbey Road." This is not hyperbole. From the opening bass lines of "Lonely Road" through the anthemic closer "Freedom", this collection of music showcases exactly why McCartney is the most exquisite bass player ever in rock, one of its most sophisticated songwriters, and certainly one of the most arresting singers in music today. In the past, Paul could wade into dripping sentimentality, or thematic silliness that seemed somehow unworthy of him. None of that is here. This is a genius in full possession of his powers pouring forth all he has to make an extraordinary statement about where he is righht now. And maybe that's just what the magic element is here. I can think of no record by him since his first solo effort that has come across so personally true to the source. Perhaps it is both the loss of Linda and the discovery of Heather that has combined to bring out of McCartney the very best he has to offer.  His cadre of collaborators on this disc are spot on on every tune. Again, it hasn't been since the Beatles that Paul has played with such a tight and brilliantly savvy group of artists. His son is emerging as a songwriter too, and if Crosby and Raymond are any indication of how productive those collaborations can be, then the next generation of writers will be blessed with a worthy successor of the McCartney craft. And craft is extremely operative here. Be it the Indian themes of "Riding to Jaipur", the blues of "Back in the Sunshine again" (a song all by itself worth the price of the CD), or the sheer melodic grace of "Heather" with its lyric twist at the end, what you have is an artist in full command of his writing powers and flexing them with such consummate skill that there is no doubt about why he is the genius of modern song. The Beatles got where they were on John's drive to become famous. They stayed where they were on Paul's musicality. The years after had their ups and downs for all four members, but beginning with "Flowers In The Dirt", McCartney found a stride he had not had since his halcyon days. Throughout the 90's that evolved in glorious form, and this is his crowning acheivement as a solo artist. If you were to buy only 1 McCartney disc in your life, this is it. He is basking in his finest period these days with a brilliant album and as a caring humanitarian, and what an extraordinary valedictory Paul has delivered. Take your own advice......     