 What an amazing homecoming! As good as the ELEVATION DVD from Boston was, this is even better! The band is adrenalin pumped as they take the stage and while the set list is pretty much the same as the Boston show, there is the entire dynamic of thE triumphant return here for this band from North Dublin. If you were to own only one U2 DVD, it's this one.  More than likely because they are playing to people who actually know them beyond their rock status, there is less playing to the gallery than there was in the Boston show and much more intenseley and passionately delivered music. Bono tones down his Vegas proclivities,  postures a whole lot less and gets back to the business of singing his soul out. The music is absolutely razor sharp start to finish. And the sea of people! It is quite impressive to see however many thousands of people are on hand with Slane Castle in the background. Most particularly because they are home and the tragedy of Omagh is still fresh in everyone's mind, Bono addresses Northern Ireland's absurd obsession with brutality and blood letting in SUNDAY BLOODY SUNDAY  more forcefully than he ever has. His vitriolic admonition that "Compromise is not a dirty word," hopefully resounded in what is largely a Republic, tri-colour- waving crowd long after the concert ended. I would encourage you to get the expanded version for the additional documentary about making the UNFORGETTABLE FIRE CD at Slane all those years ago. It shows the band on the cusp of greatness. When you realize that, apart from some misguided excursions into techno, just how consistently great they have been, you can nearly identify the anticipation of such accomplishments in their nascent state with the Eno driven project. If you are a fan of the band, you don't need me to tell you to get this. If you're wondering what the fuss is about, absorb this disc in every detail. Indicates just what a gap there is between them and everyone else except a quartet from Liverpool all those years ago.     