 This is the one that hooked me on Bruce. I can still recall the time of day, May 15, 1976, driving from Toronto to Ottawa, absolutely brilliant day along the St Lawrence, when "Silver Wheels" came on CHUM FM. I pulled into Kingston and found a record store, bought the tape and from that point on felt heart and soul stirred by the music, lyrics and passion of this great, great national treasure of Canada. That said, I've been dancing... as indicated above ever since. There are so many great, great tunes on this CD. Unquestionably, his creative engines were firing on all cylinders. His supporting musicians played like their lives depended on it, and the music rolls over you like the great Canadian landscape from Ottawa to the Northwest Territories. "Lord of the Starfields", "Vagabondage", "Gavin's Woodpile" and of course "Silver Wheels" are sheer genius, any one of which would be a landmark acheivement for any songwriter worth his salt. The instrumentals crack with finesse and extraordinary dexterity and intelligence.  This is as brilliant a remastering of an album that set sonic integrity standards when it was released. The additional material complements as well as compliments what the original sequence was. Most of this CD points to directions Bruce would pick up later in life, and so you will find here the genesis of many of his passions.  I have written before that Cockburn's never written a rum track on any disc. And so, when you come across a CD like this one or DANCING IN THE DRAGON'S JAWS or CIRCLES IN THE STREAM or BREAKFAST IN NEW ORLEANS, or STEALING FIRE or so many others, the overwhelming power and commitment to his craft tends to blow you out past Newfoundland. His creative process was underway from his eponymous debut through SALT, SUN and TIME and when it got here, Bruce was in absolutely full command of his deeply affecting powers. The whole thing picked up steam on this valley road and ideas seemed to rear up and explode, and well, you get the point. Get this. It is a truly remarkable CD.     