 Anyone who rated this 4 or 5 stars needs to lay off the Guinness. This is an OK CD by someone whose muse has sailed off into the Avalon Sunset. Consequently, this collection of unremarkable tunes, albeit well played, has little of lasting value to it, and I defy anyone to recall and sing the words and melody of any song in this disc after the first hearing, except perhaps for "Steal my heart away" or "Fast Train." "Steal" is a lovely waltz ballad and "Train" is a classic Van rant, but the rest is completely disposable.  Why on earth Van continues to pay homage to Mose Allison, and on this disc, Acker Bilk, is anybody's guess, particularly since both idols, or rather idles, could hardly be less significant in the course of 20th century music. Allison, a hopelessly white singer who wouldn't know a blue note if it bit him in the arse, and Bilk, a stiff British imitation of Al Hirt, minus any sense of New Orleans rhythm and groove, seem odd hero figures for a man who once could muster all the soul of James Brown, Solomon Burke and the entire Celtic Twilight. Maybe he got whacked upside the head on a ride through the Belfast ship yards. I'm dreading the prospect that he will next be prostrating his talents at the altar of the Lawrence Welk, Florence Henderson and Pat Boone. Like Neil Young in the eighties, Van seems to have lost the thread. It is not that this is a horrible disc, "Common Ground" and "Period of Transition" have those honours, it's just that his acid reflux of early Belfast interests is beyond comprehension, particularly when you consider that there is no evidence of any of this boring music in the Van that emerged with "Bang Sessions" and into "Moondance". If this was what he was tuning in on Radio Luxembourg, Britain should have imposed martial law in the Six Counties in the 1950's. Perhaps the Chieftains will come to the rescue again, and for that matter, perhaps Van can resuscitate them as well, or maybe there is a "Wavelength" about to emerge. In any case, it is time for his record comapny to tell him NO...Go back to the well. Take another trip out to Coney Island and see if among the jam jars and mussels, some sense of that power he once had of being rock's Yeats might rekindle itself in the garden, wet with rain. Lonnie Donergan, Mose Allison, Jerry Lee's sister, and even John Lee himself can sit the next few disks out. They're not helping matters. And by the way, there was a time when Van could have delivered "Georgia" as passionately as Brother Ray, instead of like a Vegas casino act. The Belfast cowboy is in danger of turning into Wayne Newton.     