 The worst thing to happen to the Inspector Morse series was to have Rebecca Eaton of WGBH in Boston come on board to meddle with the production of these superlative series. She has a singularly unique grasp of the superficial that defies any but the best to add depth and subtlety to storytelling. Nearly alone, she justifies cutting the funding for Public Broadcasting. In nay case, the main crime she perpetrates here is to excise the detail that Morse, in the course of the book, learns that he has diabetes, and in Colin Dexter's hands, the great detective manages to turn sombre news about himself into a key way to solve the mystery of the murders herein, much as he attacks the crosswords or leaves a brilliant clue as to his Christian name. eaton will have none of that subtlety and plays it straight like Angela Lansbury's "Murder, She Wrote." More's the pity for the cast assembled here deliver an acting performance of consummate skill and finesse. The character, Clixby Beam, is as evil a character as ever encountered in Morse, and he is not the murderer! Whately and Thaw are positively brilliant all the way through. Morse finally manages a successful love affair with Adele Cecil, who will inspire him through these epochal episodes of his career. There is less of a reference to classical music in this story, except for Adele's tacit preference for Wagner, which pleases Morse terrifically. This was in fact the episode woven with the fabric of Wagner's TRISTAN AND ISOLDE, but to expect Eaton to have picked that up would have been thoroughly unrealistic. She got the point of the importance of PARSIFAL to THE REMORSEFUL DAY, but how could you miss with Dexter's direct references to Hans Knappertsbusch. Anyway, this is a great story that rises above the interference by an American producer. It is always interesting to observe how the Morse series portrayed the Americans. The shoe fits so compellingly. Adds a bit of irony to how wrong Eaton and her lot missed the subtle details in Dexter's stories and thereby in Morse's thinking. I'd highly recommend this DVD, as I would all in the series. Certainly television has rarely risen to this standard, and when you consider how empty the bloated calories of current public and commercial TV are these days, this is a drama to be savoured and mulled over for ages.     