 The Crimson King and its Prime Minister have moved through various assemblies in service to Music itself. There are few neo-Platonists as true to the Socratic Spirit as Robert Fripp. It has been his good fortune to be aligned with like minded souls who have sought to play beyond what they know. In the process they have created some of the most sublime and terrifying and beautiful music of the final quarter of the Twentieth Century and first part of this new millenium.  What you have here are 2 records of what happened when 4 brave men, some with facial hair and glasses, have walked on stage, thrown away the safety net and set about a series of dialectics dynamic and courageous. Terrible falls can occur, but at other times, what majesty! The unique thing about these two sets is that they offer the afficinado 2 angular visions: one a crafted filmologist's disciplined account, considerably more satisfying than some of the naff effects from the DEJA VROOM Japanese concert, and one that of the punter, like you and me, shot from the seat of someone not within the inner knot of DGM. Both are brilliant. It is a work essaying the phenomenological epistemology of Wilfrid Desan. Is King Crimson itself the Planetary Man?  The music delivered is extraordinary throughout, and one of the heroes of the effort is Pat Mastellotto. Having received the thankless task of taking over the drum chair from Bill Bruford, Mas has become his own beast. Certainly one way of looking at the Crimson history is in three parts: the period that anticipated the dialectic between Fripp and Bruford, the period of the dialectic itself, and the afterglow. This afterglow has resulted in a new dawn, whether or not its last is still open. Mastellotto, part of the double trio, which actually departed long before its mission may have been fully realized, displays extraordinary courage just by showing up. Add to that the integrity to forge his own rhythmic direction and you have a Court that has once again shown Darwin a thing or two about adaptation. Belew, Gunn, Mas & Fripp do more than just survive. Beginning with TCOL and moving into TPTB, this quartet has cultivated its own repertoire. It is one full of dangerous curves, fractured paths, and ultimately the power to believe in what they are about. The concerts have been amazing in Philadelphia, and the shows captured here upend all manner of presuppositions. You are best advised to approach this music tabula rasa. Not since John Coltrane and Miles Davis have musicians pushed themselves not just for the act of musicking, but because there was something other about the entire enterprise. These documents exhibit those moments when the particpants are cuaght in that something other. It is altogether eKcstraordinary.     