 There's not a white man alive who can summon the soul of Music like Steve Winwood. This is his first release in years on his own label now and it is a classic. The instrumentation is pure Stax Soul: Guitar, bass, percussion and the world's most incredible Hammond B3. The songwriting is remarkable. I'd gladly wait 10 years between Winwood CDs if this is the result. Peter Gabriel should take this home and listen to it for weeks at a time until he gets the point of woodshedding. Jose Neto's guitar work throughout this disc is just a thing of wonder, be it the electric fire on the opening "Different Light" or the Spanish nylon guitar seduction of "Domingo Morning." Percussion percolates throughout the Latin and African grooves of these tunes, mostly by virtue of the polyrythmic team Winwood assembles to add texture and vibrant humanity to these tunes. Winwood's compositions throughout this CD deal with values: spiritual, human, family, love,compassion. He is a man who has lived his life with his eyes wide open and his journey has been one of thoughtful and passionate commitment. It is in every touch of the keys on his legendary Hammond. His reading of the soul classic "Why Can't We Live Together" has taken on extraordinarily more significance, given the state of the world today, and his voice cariies the hurt, pain and pleading entreaty of one who sees the suffering and mourns deeply. This is a great, great Cd from an artist who has rarely had an errant mark. It is a remarkable thing how so many of the truly great artists from the 60's and 70's still have it in spades: Richard Thompson, Paul McCartney, Eric Anderson, Bruce Cockburn, Mitchell, Fripp, Santana. Winwood was something different from the get-go. Something other burned white hot in him from the early days of Spencer Davis right on through the whirlwind of Traffic and Blind Faith, culminating in a philosophically passionate solo career that embraces the heart of the human factor. That has always been in his voice, his songwriting, his funky workouts and his heartbreaking entreaties. This is a joy to listen to. There is a lot to think about as well, a lot to get romantic with, and a lot to be thankful for. Well done, Steve.     