 Not one for sentimentality, in fact often brutally humourous, Frankie Kennedy left us with "Island Angel" (Mairead Ni Mhaonaigh?) as his coda on a career that established him as the most creative, inventive and dynamic leader in Irish music ever. Losing his battle to cancer, he virtually willed this album into being, refusing to let his bandmates slip into the tragedy, and insisting that they join him in leaving a final document to his passion for interpreting a tradition ad moving it forward, and I can think of no other musician in any discipline who did so more heroically than Frankie Kennedy. Dermot Byrne was on board by this time as a full time member of the band and brought considerable writing skill to the team, as well as a new dimension to te sound. It is as though Frankie knew what would be needed when he passed and had the foresight to make a bold and important move for the future integrity of Altan. But by this point, all of them knew that they had reached a sort of Crispin's Day. And each of them rose to the occasion.  What you have here then is the companion piece to "Harvest Storm." All the components are in tact: brilliant musicianship, with Ciaran Tourish establishing himself more confidently, particularly on stage when Frankie's health would at times impede his dynamic presence, and most especially when it would all come crashing down. The Philadelphia Folk Festival appearance was a defining moment: Frankie was home in very drastic straights, the team soldiered on, but the pain was visible. Tourish rallied his colleagues bravely for what was the most difficult performance I've ever seen a group give. It was not their best show, it was certainly their finest hour. And so,  the Phoenix was born with this album, and it is as mystically beautiful as "Harvest Storm" was tempestously passionate. It is a stellar acheivement for any creative person to reach the mountaintop in their creative lives. To do it twice in succession is unparalleled. With this CD, Altan set themselves apart forever. This is a loving farewell to a visionary from those determined to take that vision forward. Frankie would have expected nothing less. Farewell, Frankie...     