 The first thing you need to know is that Bill Bruford is absolutely the greatest drummer to ever play music and this incredible live set from Yoshi's in California positively blows the doors off every other jazz CD in existence. Beginning with "My Heart Declares A Holiday" you know exactly from the very first beat why Bruford is so highly regarded. Immediately I felt enormous sympathy for Pat Mastellotto, Phil Collins, Alan White and any other drummer who has had to follow Bruford in the drum chair. No matter how good they are on their own terms, they are like kids banging on cans when the Master of Odd Metred Polyrhythm raises his sticks. I've never heard a CD begin so incredibly.  The sophisticated prowess of this quartet takes flight on the next number, "White Knuckle Wedding," with Tim Garland's beautiful flute works, and Scott Hamilton's mellifluous piano runs. Lyle Who? Mark Hodgson may rank as one of Bruford's most adept rhythm partners on bass, and Bruford has worked with the best. Bruford is all over the drums, hand drums, log drums. I would defy any three drummers to keep up with him. The dynamics of the recording are impeccable. I had no idea it was live until the clapping began. That said, it sounds as though you are front and center for this gig. "Turn and Return" is a beautiful soliloquy by Tim Garland accented perfectly by hints from the rest of the band. They segue perfectly into "Tramontana" and the band goes into full flight again. Compositional credits are mostly Bruford and Garland, and theirs is a powerful cooperative: adventuresome, hairpin and angular, lyrical and polyrhytmic, this is a CD you want to replay immediately upon its conclusion each time. This Cd finishe sup with a spin through Bruford's "one of A Kind," and that about says it all: there is, never has been, unlikely there ever will be another drummer like Bill Bruford. He's often expressed his admiration for Art Blakey, and that's about as close as anyone gets, as in this case the student has so surpassed the master that even that comparison fails to convey just what an extraordinary musician Bruford is, and what an incredible ensemble is Earthworks. This is even better than last year's FOOTLOOSE AND FANCY FREE IN NY. Wonder what Fripp is up to? What do you call a lead guitarist heading for a gig?     