 Like a truly great Bordeaux, this trio just gets better and better with age. It astounds me that there are so many new things to discover about "My Funny Valentine" or "Someday.." or "If I were a Bell", but someone as deeply spiritual as Jarrett and his colleagues Peacock and DeJohnette are coming from someplace wholely other. This is the music of the soul in an intensity of sublime wonder. The very telepathy honed over all these years would be cause enough to celebrate even if they were only practicing scales. As it is, in the continued service of truly great songs, the entire philosophical question of what is the proper subject for jazz is presented with such a compelling argument that rebuttal is pointless. Jarrett can embrace melody as passionately as McCartney, and liberate the soul through improvisations as splendidly as Evans. He is at once fiercely independent and supremely respectful that thre are wonders to be found in the small gems of well-crafted songs. That he can return to a repertoire as often as he does and re-discover their integrity and importance ranks him as one of the most important pianists in the jazz firmament. No one else plays like him. No one ever did. That unique mystery that infuses his soul is what Miles must have been drawn to. As for Peacock and DeJohnette, how could any musician ask for a better rhythm section. DeJohnette, especially in his recent collaborations with John Surman, has sought out the metaphysical and made it swing. Hegel and Kant recast as new bop pioneers, Peacock and Jack stand in the darkness of Plato's Cave and strike a match. The illumination is brilliantly blinding. As with any Jarrett concert, what a show this must have been. I keep coming back to Bill Evans, for in the impressionistic Evans, there never seemed to be an end to the miracles he would uncover in the tunes all of his generation knew. Jarrett walks a similar holy path, one lived consciously, mindfully, with a sense of wonder he articulates beautifully.     