 Imagine Genesis with a better drummer, a better bass player, a better singer..... that's precisely what this retrospective of Steve Hackett's contribution to his days with Genesis is. For those who think G was the creative brainchild of Peter Gabriel and the marketing tool of Phil Collins, think again, as this document sets the record straight. On board for definitive renditions of every Genesis song covered here are Bill Bruford on drums (Phil Collins is justifiably a tambourine player by comparison) and Chester Thompson on drums, both significantly more sophisticated than Gabriel, Silver, Burns and Collins on the kit. Bass is handled with protean power by Tony Levin and John Wetton. Mike and his various mechanisms were definitely earnest but less than superb. Vocals are delivered authoritatively by Wetton, Paul Carrack and Hackett (why he sings is anybody's guess: stick with the 6 string, Steve-O). Wetton actually delivers the lines so convincingly, they actually almost make sense. His take on "Watcher of the Skies" absolutely commands the higher ground. Former Zombie, Colin Blundstone" essays a forgotten Hackett/Gabriel composition, "For Absent Friends" that is one of the finest songs the two of them have written even now, with all their history behind them. If you were a Genesis fan, this is as devoted and lovely and powerful setting of Hackett's side of the story as you'll ever hear. By recasting "I Know What I Like" as he does, Hackett lets you know how diametrically opposed to Gabriel's neo Goth tendencies he really was, and "The Fountains of Salmacis" never glistened quite as they do here. This is a high water mark for Hackett as well. I'm generally less than moved by his solo outings post Genesis. But this is a CD for the ages. Hackett, in interviews, often joked [... that they were 5 lads trying [recast] Latin and Greek myths into progressive rock structures.] He might have done better on his own. there was never anything sexy or seductive about Genesis when Gabriel was with them, and the best of their work really came forward from SELLING ENGLAND through AND THEN THERE WERE THREE (an exercise in how to sound like you haven't lost your creative direction), with TRICK OF THE TAIL and WIND AND WUTHERING two of the finest CDs of the 70's. Hackett deserves a great deal of credit for resurrecting these compositions and actually delivering them better than as they were originally, all of which serves to shine a very flattering light on absent friends.     