 There is a myth that King Crimson and the entire Discipline ethos of opening up to the possibility of Music happened sometime between 1969 and 1982. In point of fact it was nearly 400 years earlier in the music of Domenico Pellegrini, Giovanni Battista Granata, Giovanni Paolo Foscarini and Francesco Corbetta. These four guitarist/composers have produced music that is as extraordinary in its beauty as it is groundbreaking in craft.  Robert Fripp, English Guitarist and caretaker of the Crimson King, has described as wondrous those moments when Music leans over and takes us into its confidence. This music is all about the discourse that takes place once that confidence is gained. Exquisitely, ensemble kapsberger and rolf lislevand have found a way to dwell in the Music encoded in the alfabeto system encrypting the wonders and mysteries to be unlocked by musicians who read the music, instead of the notes. This is Guitar music for the ages and far exceeds anything I was expecting. Think a genetic splice between King Crimson and John Dowland and you are getting close. But discard the comparisons, the real treasures lay in the music itself and if you give yourself awya to it, be prepared for an experience of a lifetime. Alfabeto was a system used by these composers to suggest the subtleties in changes of tone, direction, discipline necessary in order to first clear the ground so that Music may Be with the musician, and then intimate the intercourse possible in that clearing. Too Heideggerian? Not by half! This is music that will find its way forward in the hearts, souls, minds, hands of crafty guitarists for all time. This is music that begat the composers, and in turn, they have given birth to the primordial and celestial and passionate embrace of the ineffable. The Crimson King presented its Music to these gifted writers. I have no idea if they knew each other, but it would be some 4 centuries before it would occur to the followers of J. G. Bennett that in Charlestown, West Virginia, they were not just coming upon a new standard tuning, but uncovering a way of doing things that had surfaced once before and was waiting for the right artists to clear its ground once again. Hats off to this remarkable label, ASTREE, for producing the most incredible disc I have heard this year. They have released a CD of Beethoven's transcriptions of Irish and Scottish songs that is a revelation. This however, is the Holy Grail of guitar music, sacred scripture. We are all Parsifal for having discovered it.     