 This film by Hannibal Records icon and founder, Joe Boyd, reveals a lot more than he likely intended. It is altogether wonderfully remastered, especially the music Hendrix plays. You'll notice how dated the commentaries are, and it is amazing what a jack-hammered tool Pete Townsend is. Boyd must have used a wide angle lens to get his tsupid fat head into frame. It's no wonder he was up to all sorts of Michael Jackson-lite highjinks as time went on. Townsend is as nearly odious and conceited a white pr*ck as anyone can be. But don't let that deter you, for there is a timelessness about this film and the talking heads who weigh in on all matters Hendrix. His father first and foremost comes off as a sincere guy who did what he could for his son after the mother abandoned the baby (she likely ran off with Fred Lennon). Old girlfriends are either insiteful or washed up bags who want to take credit for "discovering" Jimi. Billy Cox and their former CO in the 101st offer unabashed and honest assessments of a man they knew first as a paratrooper and only later as an incredible guitarist. Clapton is positively charming, sincere and respectful in his recollections, and he positively glows on film. Old cronies, like the twins, bore witness to the insults and thievery Hendrix suffered at the hands of the Isleys. Little Richard is so off the wall, you can easily believe he was nearly in a homosexual rage anytime Hendrix stole his thunder. And what comes through most clearly is Hendrix's humility, his honesty, his sincerity. And it seems the one who recognized it most clearly besides Boyd was Dick Cavett. There are absolutely telling moments in this film and in the DVD of the Cavett appearances that show that Dick got it - he absolutely knew where Jimi was coming from. It is all the more the pity that professionally he could not have been of more help to Hendrix. The moron chic who was with Hendrix when he od'ed offers no insight on what happened. The moments of musical footage are superb. Hendrix is brilliant. He always was. There are acoustic takes on Road House blues that are sublime. It is a worthy update of the film that has been around, and as I say, looking back, it seems Cavett understood him best.     