 I finally got around to watching this, and my first reaction was that the acting was SO BAD, I found myself jonesing (pardon the expression) for Harrison Ford. Sure the special effects are impressive and the film actually looks so much better than any of its predecessors that the original trilogy looks like a bunch of Ed Wood movies. But after all that, the story is lame. The conversion to the dark side (honestly!) is so puerile as to be nearly laughable. However, Christopher Lee turns in a wonderfully over the top B-movie performance of a bad guy and at least gets the film time he was denied in RETURN OF THE KING, a somewhat better written film. General Grievious is what gives the first third of the movie any drive. Ewan MacGregor's Alec Guinness imitation is nowhere near as refined as his Sean Connery - he carries none of the nuance that Guiness could generate, and Guinness hated these films (rightly so). However, MacGregor does seem to be more engaged with the special effects, something painfully missing from the first two. I forget who the actress is that plays Padme, but her padded belly looks as fake a pregnancy as ever there could be. She is marginally better than Carrie Fischer, but she needs to lose that hairdo worse than Fischer did. Headphones as a hairstyle are not sexy. Jackson acts in a vacuum. I'm not sure he's even a good actor, but in this film he just reads the line and beats it to the bank to cash his paycheck. You can actually see him reading the cue cards. Palpadine or Pallindrome or whoever that guy is carries some sinister qualities, and at least was given genuine lines. He sounds like a no-goodnik with a bunch of nasty tricks up his sleeve. Pity he has no worthy adversaries. For my video rental money, though, the film belongs to the effects, the scenery and the robots. Grevious, R2 and R4 (both of whom carry more emotional resonance than any of the live actors, and C3 each inhabit their roles they way you speak of Merryl Streep or John Malkovich. Unfortunately for the live actors, they steal every scene. Blessedly there are no Jar-Jar Steppin Fetchits around. As for Christensen and Portmann, I can think of no other actors between whom there was so little sexual heat. Yeah, I know it's a kids and geeks movie, but still, you'd think some special effect like attraction could have been conjured up out there in Marin County. No such luck. I'm not going to bother with the second disc explicating the high school psychology and underdeveloped emotional life that would lead to a fixation and fetshization on such a grand scale. I have other things to do, like pick up after my puppy. So, if you're a fan, I'm sure you loved this. It IS BETTER than its predecessors. Some compliment. Maybe now that it is all over (God willing Lucas isn't dreaming about Carrie Fischer and Cardboard Ford having a Star kid), all of you can go out and get a life and stop dressing up in those silly costumes.     