 No less a music authority than Gourmet has annointed GYBE as leader of Montreal's alternative trance trip music scene, and that may in fact be true. With that tasty endorsement I have purchased this disc and discovered their antidisestabliashmentarian approach to having your cake and eating too, i.e. think Pearl Jam, but with an art-school mentality: we hate it that we have to seel so many records, especially through Amazon and other puppets of the military-industrial complex. Eisenhower, they aint. Nonetheless, intrepidly I cast the disc into the car CD player and enjoyed the next 70 minutes, thinking the first 3 cuts were alright, nothing special, and finding the last two to have a definite drive and progression. GYBE is a collective who wear their Pink Floyd and Fripp Soundscape influences right up front on their male and female knockers so you can see 'em. Based on the last two cuts, I'd say they have a lot more going for them if they would focus a bit. Fripp often comments that music leans over and takes you into its confidence when you do what you don't know how to do. GYBE is at that stage where having learned a few neat tricks, it's time to exercise the necessary discipline (and I don't mean pins through yer nostrils like some Quebecois cow) and put this innate talent to the service of doing what they don't know how to do. I gather I am not making myself clear. In short, that's enough with the Pink Floyd "found sounds" approach and get on with building compositions. This is a band with considerably more promise than say, Pelican - a collection of knob twidlers obsessed with the gain button - and so get on with it. Tracks 4 and 5 are evidence enough that they have the imagination, now harness it. And if you make a few quid in the process, trust me, no one is expecting you to give it back, or contribute to the American Putsch. If yer that anti-capitalist, put all yer stuff up on a website and let everyone download it for free - not smart, but put up or shut up. In either case, get back to the business at hand - music. So what is this? it's a collection of extended jamming and improvising that are part techno-trance, part soundscape, part "found sounds", with a wide array of instruments. Sometimes, as in the first three tracks ir's a bit monotonous and things just end. In the case of the last two, there seems a vision and direction in the music. Early Floyd experimented with this approach a lot - cf. MEDDLE. Fripp's Soundscapes are also a prominent influence in the ebbing and flowing of themes and dynamics. Perhaps this is more 3.7 than just a three, but I'd like to see where they go from here.     