 More like 3 1/2 stars, this is a return to form for Young, with 2/3 of Crazy Horse on board (Poncho sat this one out), accompanied by a DVD from a solo acoustic reading of the songs herein performed in Ireland, a place Young seems to have some awareness of in his burn-out mode of snapping into focus in the midst of other reveries. Rolling Stone called this a "rock opera." Oh Lord, they've been staring at Jessica Simpson's hooters too long. This is more a long, and surprisingly for Young, well-connected narrative that takes in the goings on of the Green family. The Greens are mythologically the descendants of those left standing on the pier in "Powderfinger." Now in the 21st Century, transported to some place in the North American frontier where their own psychological wounds and the observations homespun from the senior generation present a picture of America, freedom, the onslaught of various and sundry radicalisms remind one of the philosophical, psychological and scoiological plot lines of Thomas Pynchon's remarkable VINELAND. Of course, for Young and Crazy Horse that makes perfect sense. They are themselves characters come to life from the pages of THE CRYING OF LOT 49. In any case, Neil spins a remarkable tale with unique viewpoints, as peculair as you might expect from him. The music is very much in the Crazy Horse vein of rootsy, rythmic, train-like chugging through the landscape of the lyrics. While there are not a lot of musical nuances throughout the album, nonetheless it has that hypnotic groove of R L Burnside or John Lee Hooker. Crazy Horse locks in with Young better than anyone, and they are definitely a text book case of the whole being far more incendiary than the sum of the individual fires. Since it is a trio, Talbot and Molina hold down the pace with a gravity and the steady pan of a cinema camera, as Young takes on the sinewy leads he hasn't struck since the BROKEN ARROW CD. The opening track, "falling from above", evokes both the bodies falling from the Trade Towers as well as the fall from grace by man himself. Lyrically it is as profound a statement as anything in North American songwriting. This is better than classic Neil Young, it is a moment of genius, and works with extraordinary impact accoustically on his vintage Martin as well as fired up on the Les Paul. "leave the driving" is a stinging assault on the right wing pogroms of bureaucrats like Donald Rumsfeld who want a placated American public who will release control over their own fate in exchange for tax relief of ridiculously minimal impact. But this song redirects the sinister elements of the story, and refocuses the attention on how we sell our souls in subtle ways for the most absurdly impotent gratifications, or to somehow reassure ourselves that all is in hand. Pynchon's book dealt with a main character who flew through the VA window in his small town every year so that his government handouts for his time in Viet Nam would continue, all the while thinking he was conning the feds. It isn't until his daughter arrives and demands to know the truth about her mother that he and everyone else in the book must face the truth about themsleves, their place in history, the arc of gravity's rainbow and in what capacity anyone can really claim to be free. Young is on about the same issues. While the first Gulf War seemed to have ignited a vituperative attack on the promulgator of a 1000 points of light with as much energy as the opening strikes of that war, this time around, a more grizzled and wizened poet constructs a series of parables that never venture far from the opening observations of "falling", but, through "devils' sidewalk", "carmichael" and on to "be the rain", lay out, like the grid work of Jim Mazzeo's drawings, the city plan for the human heart and soul to claim freedom, while respecting how interconnected all of our lives on this planet, irresepctive of culture and religion, have become. Young knows that this President is not the carny huckster of his predecessor, and so while bluffing his way through a seeming inability to string a coherent sentence together, this leader has crafted a far more lethal web, ensnaring a public dying to be fed what they want to hear in homespun tones of an everyman. Young turns that comfy tongue in upon itself and casts a glaringly bright light on how forked it is. I'm not sure you'll return to this CD often, the tempo is a bit too much the same. In some respects, that makes you work a little harder to get below the surface, which may be Young's point. But there is plenty of room to expand the takes of these tunes. All of them are quite simple, and in that simplicity lies the complexity of the dialectics involved. Given his past several outings, I would have figured a project like this was beyond Neil at this point in his career. It's an amazing effort on his part to have inspirationally spun these sets of parables so craftily. Mind you, no one will ever accuse Young of being a Shakespearean wordsmith. His lyrics tumble out in verse as broken as that spastic two step he dances during his rock and roll numbers, but somehow even that is to the point. There are issues here to be weighed, and the broken rhythms draw attention, unlike the smooth talk of the world's leaders, to the disconnect threatening the integrity of the innocent "sun green" like souls of our world. This isn't AFTER THE GOLDRUSH, but in some inexplainable way, it has a lot more to offer.     