 Yeah, I know, I'm Canadian, but given the sabber rattling south of my native border, I think the world could do with a bit more Canuck nationalism. There are more countries than the great state of W in North America.  So, it is with great enthusiasm that i commend k d lang's HYMNS FROM THE 49TH PARALLEL. In her own remarkable style, lang delivers a categorically perfect presentation of just a few of the amazing songs written by North American artists born in Canada. It is an astounding assortment, and frankly, only the tip of an incredible iceberg. The arrangements are stripped down to a small combo with some chamber strings at times, and the production serves the songs first and lang's incredible voice second. It as, as I have said, perfect.  Opening with "After the Goldrush" and then moving into her own "Simple" k d lang sets it out from the beginning how powerful the songs are. Her rendition of Neil's classic "Helpless" recasts the song with a momentum that is more world weary than the devastatingly delivered paean Young fashioned in the early 70's. I have long considered "A Case of You" one of, if not THE finest love song ever written. lang takes it with the deepest respect for its power and delivers it so unaffectedly that it hits equally as strongly as Mitchell's. "Halleluiah" and "Bird on a Wire" reference both Leonard Cohen and the McGarrigle sisters with devotion to the emotional trials protracted through these songs. Ron Sexsmith is also well represented. Bruce Cockburn's early "One Day I Walk" is given new life with a restraint that is at times part church in the prairies, part revival strut. In many ways, it is now even more like a hymn than when I first heard Bruce deliver it.  The instrumentation is basic. This CD rests on the less is more motif of the combo and its occasional strings, especially the finessse brought to the effort by Ben Mink. And lang has never sounded better. There are so many songs and writers you could still imagine lang surveying: Lightfoot's "Shadows", Robbie Robertson's "Whispering Pines", Lennie Gallant's "La vent boheme", almost anything by Pamela Best or Figgy Duff, Stan or Garnet Rogers, Theresa Doyle. The list goes on, so perhaps she will consider a second book of hymns somewhere down the line.  What is it that makes this so Canadian. It' hard to explain to those south of the 49th, but there is a connection to the land, the sea, the life of the planet itself that is lost when one adopts the notion that industry and technology are meant to make man master of all he sees. Foolish notion. Closer to the ground, thrown in your existence in the very being of this world in which we live, its passings and your travails are part of the life of the same organism, and while these songs are not overtly environmental, they are instrinsically existentially authentic, a concept excluded by conspicous consumption.  Theses are songs about real people by real people, sung by a woman with a sense of wonder. Hard to imagine a more perfect reason to pick this up.....     