 At one point in my adolescence, I adored all and everything Neil. I got over it. Particularly once I got some insight on what went on at the ranch. In some respects, Neil is a character out of "The Crying of Lot 49." Well certainly, Crazy Horse is. So, while Jimmy McDonough is no great writing stylist, all the same his loosey-goosey approach and road diary effort to track down what is the ontological truth of the Ontario loner is perhaps the best way of going about a tale that is at best and at times designedly hazy on details. It seems most of the folks who have known Young were quite willing to present their take on the subject, and all seem to share a conviction in being as open as possible, well, maybe not CSN, but they actually have something to lose. What comes out of this are very humourous tales, very shocking portraits, and a sense that while Crosby was pontificating about Nixon and the Decline of the Roman Empire, Neil was chronicaling its demise and the soundtrack composed for it by all and everyone he knew, including himself. This is very much a tale only Pynchon could have imagined, and while in recent years, likely as a result of what he has had to do as a father, he has redeemed himself, certainly in the deepest part of the 70's, his hand was as much in the tragedy of those around him as anyone. There are issues to be examined about his relationship with women, most of whom come away with baggage, unless they have had the sense, like Mitchell, not to get emotionally in over their heads. Young is singularly focused on his career throughout, and so people can easily become disposable as he goes for what he wants. That's admirable, but it comes with sinister elements. Through all of this, Neil is quite objective. The fact that he has been horrible at times does not deter him. The impact of his mother is significant, and yet, Neil is very much a loving son to both of his parents.  When you finish this book, you are no closer to understanding Neil, but you have a sense of the interior roads he's travelled. In the clinch, he managed to cast away McDonough as well. Manipulated at the end, McDonough has perhaps written as accurate a travelogue of the journey through the past as one may ever write about Neil.     