 Speaking strictly on the topic of rematering CDs that came out in the 90's, one is normally a bit skeptical about how improved anything could be, especially with Fripp in the picture, but God Bless him, he did it. A lot of his colleagues could take reams of pages from Fripp's book. As to THRAK itself, this was one powerful recording when it first arrived 8 years ago, and its power has not diminshed over time. Along with the THE COURT, DISCIPLINE and RED, there is something totally unrelenting in the pursuit of MUSICKING here that was terrifying, dynamic, inspiring. For any of us who were great devotees of the double trio, this album seemed to promise so much, yet it would prove to be so difficult to follow up and take to another level. But here at the beginning, it is still astonishing to listen to what is going on. A spectacular acheivement! When you recall that most of the pop world was bopping along to Prince's Little Richard knockoffs, much as the pop world once bopped to the Rolling Stones' pale imitations of the wild ecstases of the chitlin circuit, it becomes quite clear how unprepared rock was and always is for Crimson. Years later, the avant garde takes up themes and directions for which the King gets pilloried, but in its nascent state, it suggets things far too powerful for easy digestion, and that of course is anathema to the music biz. So here is KC going for the jugular and all hail the remastered efforts for making audible the brave thrusts, parries, leaps, and bravado of the six members of this exceptional team. Fripp seems to enjoy listing in the remasters, the very bad press they get. Some of it actually is spot on, and because of that the sheer genius of THRAK is underscored. Some of it is just plain humourous, and if you can't have a good laugh at yourself, well, ... you end UP like a disillusioned former front man for a prog-rock band, and Crim ain't your grandfather's prog-rock band. If this is your first interest in King Crimson, oooo, good luck! Most of the folks interested in this disc would be devotees, and so forewarning them is unnecessary. I wish that the double trio might take up the cause again. Like Ornette Coleman and John Coltrane with FREE JAZZ and LIVE AT THE VILLAGE VANGUARD...AGAIN, this is dangerous stuff and tends to exact a toll, which makes the song, "One Time," all that more poignant. But for all the challenges and difficulties, Crimson actually did what very few (Ornette and Trane being the only ones I can think of) ever tried to do, let alone do successfully. Perhaps too much was revealed at the precipice where the double trio declined, and perhaps in time, the pull of that force will prove irresistable. In 1994, six men set out on an extraordinary journey. This remastered version does them great justice. This is the crucible through which all future Crims must pass. I would recommend the current Collector's Club release, LIVE IN HYDE PARK, from the first line-up, as they opened for the Stones in 1969. Just imagine! It has all the horror and terror and miraculous wonder then as it would if they were to do the same today. And more importantly, that disc concludes with a discussion among the original team of what they meant to each other and what Crim meant in its own right that underscores not only how far Crim has come, but how true to the oracle Crim has remained. Long live the KING!     