 ... and that's meant as supreme praise for what is a bluer, more minor key McCartney than I have ever heard solo or with the Beatles. At times, the sophistication of the key and tempo changes are so sublime, it's been at least since Costello's efforts with Bachrach that any songwriter has sought so sincerely to elevate the craft of what he does. McCartney's newest is very different from the celebration of his new romance in DRIVING RAIN. This is more a man in his 60's taking stock of life, allegorically mind you, as this isn't a confessional type of record. But it puts me in mind of the incomparable John Tams, whose latest THE RECKONING, is just out as well. Tams writes with a wizened gaze upon the world, and while never one to jot down a silly love song, his tender moments resonate all the more truly for the experiences he's undergone. That's what has struck me time and time again in the course of this McCartney disc. This isn't Wings. This is the man who wrote "Yesterday," older, wiser, an artist who has lost a wife, seen his children grow and move on, become a grandfather, reflect on the gifts his parents left him to lead his life. Thus, you have a poem/song "Jenny Wren" that is as sublime as "Eleanor Rigby." "English Tea" is a William Walton reflection on the civilities of what used to be England, as charming as "Penny Lane." "How Kind of You," and "This Never Happened Before" are love songs from a man whose life has been lived with reflection. There is a depth to both that is a bit disarming, as though McCartney is indeed lifting the veil on his interior life. In short, this is a profound collection of songs, none of which are soaked with hooks, but all of which tend to live with you long after the CD has played through. There is a difference as well when McCartney handles all the instruments. You'll notice a less spontaneous live band approach. In its own way, that adds to the feel and atmosphere of the record. It should be interesting to see how these songs play out on the upcoming concert tour. They will, of necessity, change. But within the confines of these sessions, I think McCartney's solo efforts have been done with deliberation. Thus, when strings arrive, courtesy of the direction of British composer Joby Talbot, they usher in a texture and a quality that does to these songs what the quartet did to "Yesterday" way back when. Give McCartney the credit to introduce a dudek to a ballad. The touch and sound of that instrument is a stroke of genius. It has always been in the little things that McCartney has been most amazing, and you'll find that true throughout this disc. Like Clapton, McCartney has had to consider what to do now that the tribute to George, the NYC Benefit and the Moscow concerts are over. Funny that Clapton should turn in a stereotypical Macca record, and Paul should reach down and realize the promise that he was in heart and soul the very embodiment of Cole Porter, perhaps bluer. I would never have expected this from Paul. I'm glad it's here. It may or may not reach the commercial appeal of other discs, but for those of us reflecting on our lives, it will live longer, with many tunes to mull along the long and winding road.     