 Well, this is quite a surprising little book that casts Martin Heidegger less as the controversial and unrelenting thinker, and more as a man in his world concerned with the quality and concerns of his life and career. It is also an extraordinarily personal and endearing extended love letter to a woman who meant the world to him. This will strike the usual Heidegger reader as entirely different. There is no hidden marvellous de-coding of his demanding trek. This is a collection of mostly Martin's letters to Hannah with a few responses. The collection spans the course of their lives, and clearly show not only how much he loved her but how much he trusted in her thinking. They were equals in far more sophisticated ways and in far more honest and enduring ways than Sartre and deBeauvoir, who come across as petty bourgeois rats in Henri-Levy's recent biography. No, here you'll find sign posts and journal entries along the path to Language, Thinking, Heracleitus and Parmenides, Totalitarianism, and the resolution of past controversies. There are Romantic and Philosophical poems (yup, Martin was smooth), endearments and sentinments that come from the heart. Heidegger refudiates categorically any notion that he is anti-Semitic, and in truth, there's no evidence that he ever was. A bit stupidly enthralled with German nationalism, and certainly a supporter of National Socialism as opposed to Communism, but not anti-Semitic. He refuses to engage in any mea culpa's on that score, and that's it, as far as he is concerned. Arendt, herself Jewish, must have believed him. And that's good enough for me, in any case. But there is so much more to their relationship than just this point. Her presence in his life upset Elfride Heidegger. There is a curious absence of Hannah's letters to Martin, and perhaps Elfride or Jorg or Hermann decided against preserving them. It's a pity. They clearly had an impact on Martin. Nonetheless, the story of their emotional and philosophical lives continues apace, and the real hallmark of this story is that it succeeds in getting the reader to think, as Heidegger so desperately wanted humans to do, about the little things that we often take for granted, and yet open the way to what is hidden. Hannah has a brilliant description of what Heidegger is about about midway through the book, just before the "Autumn" section begins. It is an analysis that only comes from someone who honestly knows the person she admires, loves and respects, and it thoroughly presents Martin Heidegger as he is. This isn't weighty stuff for the advance seminars, just a brilliant and extraordinarily personal view of the two greatest philosophical minds of the twentieth century. And it is quite moving.     