 This should be rated 10 stars for the music. Hendrix was never better. The band never tighter, and it is as exciting for me today as it was in 1969 when my brother and I made it into Yasgur's farm after working all weekend in Saratoga, to catch and stand in awe of this remarkable and prodigious artist. Jimi's guitar playing was incendiary and the film puts to bed the notion that he was some burned out hippie doing pyrotechnics instead of playing music. This is where Coltrane left off and the telepathy between Hendrix and Mitchell was extraordinary. They are reminiscent, or perhaps better, the extension of the trail blazed by Trane and Rashied Ali, and inspite of Buddy Miles firm grounding of the band in the blues, the point of the matter is that Mitchell and Hendrix were each other's colleagues in every respect of this extraordinary adventure, first as the Experience, and later as Rainbow whatevere it was Jimi was on about. "Twas all semantics there, the real dialogue took place in the music and you will see ample evidence of how tightly Hendrix, Mitchell and Cox were playing off each other. There are no real jams here, more improvisations on a theme, and Hendrix is twice the perceptive leader anyone, including Robert Fripp, could ever imagine being. He knows exactly whre he wants this to go and knows exactly where the edge of the ledge is so that he may freefall in perfect discipline and land on his feet. And his colleagues are hand in hand with him. Billy Cox established conclusively that he was the right bassist, and the rhytm guitarist and 2 percussionists filled out the rhythmic pallette Hendrix sought to create. It's funny to watch the film, because the audience is a mix of those just too numb to figure their way out, people celebrating the joyous groove Jimi conjures, and those intent on every move he makes. It's a shame the camera man seemed so fascinated by Hendrix's dental work, although, I have to admit Jimi had beautiful teeth. But, you'd figure there might have been some interest in his actual guitar technique. More's the pity. SO, I'd rate the film 4 stars for the quality and 1 and 1/2 stars for missing the point that this was the greatest guitarist of the twentieth century playing with a conviction and drive like no one else before or after. Nonetheless the sound is extraordinary, in fact, better than I remember it.     