 The mid-70's Crim was no beast to fool with. Perhaps the most powerful of all the power ensembles of the  period, the sheer strength, energy, abandon, experimentation and intelligence of this group took no prisoners. Neither Wetton nor Bruford were at all intimidated by Crim's history or its Prime Minister and had clear and definite ideas about the dangers they were willing to stare down. In the course of that bravado, they also created exquisite music. Wetton is a remarkable bass player and very emotive singer who restored the importance of a strong vocalist to the repertoire, both historical and that in coming to be. Fripp described him as unrelentingly powerful. That is very much in evidence on this outing. By the time of this tour, Bruford was so firmly co-responsible for the very sound of Crimson and what it stood for that he tended to wash away in all his oddmetered brilliance any lingering memories of Wallace or Giles. "Larks' Tongues in Aspic" and the collector's club releases of this band as quintet and quartet present a band who had reinvented what Crimson could be, and it is fair to say may have set the path out of the basement and into the garden of Music for the Court from that point forward. By the time of this release, though, Muir had left, and as clearly obvious here, Cross was simply overwhelmed by the thrust of 3 virtuosos. The dynamic , the swordsmenship the very leaps each of them inspired the others to were exhilarating to observe and absorb. The King would soon retreat altogether, but this tour had a point to establish, and it did so with precision and dynamics. You'll find the improvs awe-inspiring and Wetton's take on the "21st Century" piece definitive. With all of this energy, by the time the disc comes down to "Starless" one feels as exhausted as the players must have. Now, to be fair, it is not all of one show, and there are moments that are not the best example of this team at work. Nonetheless, no quarter was ever asked or granted by this ensemble. Fripp's "Fracture" is a thing of terror, and seems to dare him to find a way to "Fracktured." Cross, when he can be heard, is achingly beautiful in spots, and sophisticated beyond blief in the subtle turnings he brought to the Court. In the end, though, the members were spent. This was not a case of ego division or of a band simply at odds with its task, as the previous incarnations has seemed to dissolve. Rather, it was really a question of where to go from here. And in fairness, they likely did not know, although a possible course of action was opened by renewed interest from Ian McDonald. But this was not to be. The undeniable conclusion is quite clear: for the Crimson King to reconvene, it would require Fripp and Bruford. That dialectic is what this set establishes. The path to 1980 was uncovered in the clearing effected by concerts such as the ones laid open here.     