 First off, I'm a long time Eric Andersen fan. Long time. Walked through 3 feet of snow on Bloor Street one winter's night in Toronto in '75 to hear Eric play before maybe 20 people (not his fault, blame the shinook that blew in). And would do it again in a heartbeat.  For some reason, thinking this might be just a throwback spurred on by Appleseed, I avoided this disc. I like Eric's songs. Man was I wrong. This is simply terrific, from the opening Fred Neil track to the closer. It pays homage to colleagues Eric knew in the Village days, while at the same time breathing fire into worthy tunes, thanks mainly to the superb guitar work by Eric and Pete Kennedy.  Eric often felt Dylan dealt Phil Ochs more than one underhanded blow in the course of their careers, and so Phil's "I'm not marching anymore," features a brilliant arrangement with Patrick Sky on uillean pipes to restore this moving song to its rightful place in the American folksong tradition. Fellow Canadian songwriter Buffy Saint Marie has her "Universal Soldier" delivered with a passion that doesn't just resonate these days, it demands attention. Funny how so much of the material here is so to the point of the duplicitous nature of US society. Maybe more so now than back in the day. The Roman Empire is starting to teeter. Some would say, it's got it coming. Eric simply points out where they left their conscience and leaves it to the denizens to decide to revive or decline. In that respect, as social and political commentary, Eric has released a profound gem, worthy of Plato's dialogues. It is the notion of dissent that Ochs embraced as key to the American concept of democracy. The fascist element in power now would tell you that Ochs is unpatriotic. Hopefully, with the advocacy of Patrick FitzGerald in the CIA-leak case, treason will be unmasked where it lies. In the meantime, this is a disc whose merits ought to be mulled and discussed. It is a work of brilliance from a thinking poet, honouring those who were his comrades in thinking.     