 With the passage of time, this legendary status conferred on Lennin by mostly art-studentistes has worn thin and so when you go back to listen to tapes such as these it occurs to you it was a good job he hooked up with McCartney and Harrison. The other thing, certainly a post 1970 observation, is that Harrison was certainly the best lyricist of the post_beatle period , and quite arguably the best song writer. Lennon, unfortunately, was gunned down just as he seemed to be finding himself and a muse. McCartney never got it together with any consistency until "Flowers in the Dirt." Ringo, God bless him, knew his strengths. As for this, I was hoping to hear some of these tunes stripped down, and I enjoy them tremendously. There are some exquisite moments here, most notably "God" (an almost calypso/dub version), "Imagine" and "Real Love". They're worth the price of the CD by themselves. There are some just awful howlers here as well. Anything with the word "Yoko" in it you know is going to be a chore. No exception here. However much he may have loved her, I'll gladly take paeans to Linda anyday, and over both, Krishna hymns from Georgie. The two worst songs (someone will have to explain to me how JL ever had the nuts to criticize Macca over anything) are "John Sinclair" (think 60's white boy college student protest song - the kind that would make you yank L's guitar from his hands and bean him with it), and "Luck of the Irish," as nearly bad as "Danny Boy" and so insipidly naive and silly as to make Paul's "Give Ireland Back to the Irish" roll off like Yeats or AE or Pearse. So, where did Lennon get this social consciousness guru rep from? Piss poor songwriter on most days, every now and again the beebee fell into place.  He would find a way out of his malaise, but then tragedy would strike. I'm just one of those who are convinced that had he lived, he and McCartney would have had to get together. Through the seventies it was painfully obvious why and how they needed each other. This makes the argument that even organically, McCartney's effect is notable for its absence. Imagine that...     