 YES is not for everyone, so now that we have that out of the way, let's talk about the concert. I wish I had been there. They gave a tremendously committed effort to these songs and I loved every minute of the film. I don't quite get the complaints about the sound. I have a very good DVD 5.1 system and I found the sound well balanced, with an empahsis on the music making more than the concert experience. Ambient audience noise is muffled. Good. This ain't Springsteen. From the signature Stravinsky quote through STARSHIP TROOPER, the intensity, humour and passion about this material comes across terrifically, and Steve Howe is an absolute wonder, even if he looks older than God Almighty. Knuckleheads 1/5 his age should play 1/5 as well. And Howe is very much the unsung hero of the history of YES. He plays the works of Peter Banks and Trevor Rabin with the same commitment as though he had been the composer. All of YES's most memorable moments have come courtesy of Howe's fleet command of the classics, jazz and rock and his incredible commitment to his instrument. There has never been a guiatrist quite like him. How could there be? Who else could make musical sense out of the naff lyrics of Jon Anderson? Chris Squier is still looking for a sartorial genie. Hopelessly out of whack with any sense of fashion, he nevertheless commands his bass with authority and still has the choir boy vocal chops to fill out Anderson's still soaring vocals. Yes the key is lower than it used to be, but Anderson still soars where non-eunuchs fear to tread. White seems to be the picture of health and Wakeman looks like he's determined to make rehab work this time. In any case they cover the entire career, and along with the just published triple CD of concert takes, THE WORD IS LIVE, YES delivers a comprehensive review of an astoundingly creative 35 years. it will be interesting to see where they pick up after the brilliant ILLUMINATION CD/DVD of a couple years back. That CD seemed to point to a whole new direction, and given the positively energetic and brilliant SPECTRUM  released by Steve Howe this year, hopefully 2006 will see a new YES release. In any case, silly stage design and all, it is a great concert well filmed and mixed. You should enjoy this one.     