 Mari Boine first came upon the world music scene through Peter Gabriel's Real World label. It was a natural fit for her percussion and programmed laden rhythms, heightened with breathy flutes, sinewy guitars and vocal prowess that would shrink Sinead O'Connor. If you have followed Mari since, you know she has only gotten more mysterious, more powerful. In many respects, it was she who jump started the niche market of Scandanavian and Nordic Music, much as Mairead Ni Mhaonaith did with Gaelic music. That said, this release, made available through the impressive impressario efforts of Minnesota label, East Side, is her strongest to date. The music, co-written with other Finnish writers and band colleagues, deals thematically with the spiritual heritage of a people who were the precursors of the Sami in Northern Finland, above the Arctic Circle. Their very ability to survive seems mystically enhanced by their nearly complete non-attachment to the tools and artifacts of all other early history races. They virtually willed themselves to exist and thrive and found a way to dwell in wonder, connected deeply to the mysteries of this world in which we are thrown. The music, as I have indicated, has the elements of Peter Gabriel, although with less of his gee-whiz-look-at-all-these-gizmos approach, and more organically centered around Mari's impressive percussion skills. Mari and Evelyn Glennie and Terri Lynne Carrington are thre of the most impressive percussionists working in the 21st Century, and in this outing, Mari claims the Nordic realm as her own. She is an impressive composer as well. Lyrics are written by a number of poets, all of whom are focused on considering what it is about life that is most true. No silly love songs here. Gratitude to the Creative is expressed through a woman's realization of her ability to give birth to the future. Non-attachment brings a liberation with existential consequences to be embraced. Wine and dance intoxicate the spirit and seduce the passions beckoning the future to cast its spell and midwife the world to its next epoch. You'll find yourself thoroughly given over to the charm within this music. Your soul will intoxicatingly revel in the dream-like wonder created herein. This is a remarkable triumph from a master. Kudos to East Side for bringing this intensely soulful music to North America.     