 I don't think so. It strikes me that whether she's ripping up photos or ripping through powerful and emotional songs, Sinead O'Connor seems at herself most in front of an audience. Maybe that's what scares her. All the same, this is a terrific Dublin performance in support of the SEAN NOS NUA CD, the Sinead disc you could play for your granny. Striking a demure pose, while Machiavellingly controlling the off-stage sound and lighting and tech crews with killer stares and clipped directions, O'Connor works her way through material from her across her career. It is an effective reading. It is also considerably more under control than the I DO NOT WANT tour performances that catapulted her from Temple Bar to the forefront of avant rock. Mor 's trua. The edge that's gone or sedated was what took a remarkable artist into the stratosphere. Ever the colleen, although one with an obsession for creating a headlong collision out of Catholicism-Judaism-Rastafarianism-New Age crystals, Sinead nearly blushe sher way through a number of Gaelic standards while facing the audience, then turning toward crew and band with a Gollum like intensity that parries and slays anyone not in lock step with her own sense of direction. In any case, although she has stated that this would be it as far as her performance and rock career were concerned (well, what is hse going to do? day care? I don't think so), she has stated lotsa stuff to the press. This is what she does well. I can not imagine her sticking to it. It is one thing to proclaim yourself a priestess-pope-natty dread whatever, but sooner or later, that is just another wardrobe change. Even Yusef has returned to song, not "Moonshadow," but song nonetheless because it is a central part of the dna. Anyway, the extra bits on this DVD are a howl. The videos for the Irish tunes are so amateurly produced they are out and out laughable. The mouth is either way ahead, and I mean WAY AHEAD, of the song or WAY BEHIND. The photography is inept. The special effects are straight out of Dick Clark American Bandstand. There is a bit of discussion about all this carry on that is almost as inane as Spinal Tap. You would swear Eric Idle scripted this, if Sinead and comapny did not look so earnest. But, you can't ask for more pure entertainment. What a deal. So, is this the last day of our acquaintence? Not so fast, Kowalski....     