 This movie starts off with such a chilling and foreboding episode that I was sure this would be a real cliff-hanger. It isn't. In fact, it is so predictable, and the ending is so stupid that I can't help but feel this movie has irrevocably cast Viggo Mortensen as the 21st Century Harrison Ford - that's not good. All od the acting is just a notch above high school drama class or bad regional theatre, but at least Viggo and Bello are attractive. Bello is trying desperately to be Kathleen Turner but lacks the wit and the chops. William Hurt must be desperate, as must Ed Harris - they turn in two of the worst performances of their careers, and if you have followed Hurt's recent oeuvre, you can imagine how bad that is. The kid actors stink, all of them. The sex is non-committal, the violence leers toward gratuitous, and that's quite something when you consider it's about violence. Harris, Hurt and a slew of stuffed actors take turns imitating Sylvester Stallone in order to give the film a "Philly" feel. Maybe someone forgot to tell them that Stallone is only marginally connected to Philly, having spent all of his formative years in north Jersey or Brooklyn, which is the actual accent Rocky has, not some meat packer's patter from Kensington. I don't what town substituted for Philadelphia - it is way too clean, tidy, and the streets are too wide. The "mob bar" where Viggo meets his brother's driver is way too upscale and clean for the neighborhood it's meant to inhabit, and Viggo orders a Genessee Cream Ale - now I don't know where in Pennsylvania, let alone Philadelphia, you can have an option of that brew on tap or bottle. The icing on the cake is Viggo's effort to mime everyone else's imitation of Stallone's accent when he switches over to his "Joey" (there's another name for a thug from Philly?) persona. In short, it is a contrived film that began with a sense of revulsion and horror and just caves in to the type of melodrama you'd see in  B movies of the past. Pulp cinema. And that ending! If you haven't guessed it, it's because you've fallen asleep. Skip this and let's hope Viggo signs on for THE HOBBIT.     