 [...] It was true back in 1970 as well, when this was released with Spector's infamous bloating of what was a dead Beatles corpse. What the album proved then, as ill conceived as Spector made it, was that on their worst day, The Beatles were better than everybody. Still are. As Paul and Ringo have recently commented, this is the sound of a band breaking up and friendhsips being tattered. As such, it is in retrospect a lot to bear, and while it is clearly evident that John no longer cared, still in all, for all his reticence about being a Beatle, George played his heart and soul out as did Paul. Ringo sounds mystified by how it is unravelling and that no doubt plays into his emotional references to how "The Long and Winding Road" impacted him as they played it here, not as how Spector murdered (first of many victims) the extraordinary song. And how they play it here is as a work in progress. Much has been made of the quality of the songs herein, but in reality, it was clearly documented in the film that John couldn't have cared less. George Martin, in a left handed endorsement of Paul's desire to be listed first on the songs that by this time he was absolutely writing on his own, noted that John often arrived with mere pastiches of songs that George would struggle to hammer into shape, all the while being told how to play his part as his own songs of this period ("Isn't It a Pity", "Let it Roll", "Beware of Darkness,") were rejected by Martin, Lennon and McCartney. It was clearly all of this that led him to blow off at McCartney at Twickenham in the film. All of that raw energy is simmering close to a boil underneath the surface of these cuts. In may ways it is what makes this CD such an indispensible part of the Beatles oeuvre, and argues most forcefully for destroying the Spector mix. You'll notice how alive and what a great little band they are both in the studio and on the roof (where is the complete rooftop concert tape?) without the wall of muck contrived by Spector. Harrison's solos are exquisite throughout. McCartney and Ringo display a heightened and refined rhythmic punch whose subtlety has never been equaled. Paul is Dead? More like John was irrelevant. The unspoken proposition here was whether The Beatles could continue as a trio. Perhaps it's best they never resolved that question.  This release is neither of the Glyn John mixes, and so is most accurately Paul and Ringo's take on what was happening. Out of the ashes of this disaster as a band emerged the two defining codas of the Beatles influence: Abbey Road and All Things Must Pass. Like the records of Miles Davis, the Beatles, even at a low ebb, are so much better than everyone else then as well as now.     