 Equal parts Beethoven's Fidelio as well as Wagner's Ring cycle, the latest Howard Shore evocation of the drama in LOTR's RETURN OF THE KING offers hope that Jackson did not get bogged down in the geek-obsessed ambition to create the greatest battle movie ever. Particularly as the score moves toward the Grey Havens, there is reason to believe that Jackson may have returned to the essential point of the story. Let's hope so. As for the score itself, it really is a tremendous accomplishment. The drama is intense and unrelenting, themes heralded in the first two films are reworked, recast and subtleties of tragedy and heroism run through the charts. THe strings in these soundtracks are as commanding and deeply resonating as those of John Barry. The vocalists this time around include Renee Fleming, who is just an aural wonder, Billy Boyd, who conveys just that right threshold where knowledge infuses innocence with a commission from which it can not retreat. Viggo Mortensen chants in elvish, without sounding totally absurd. And Annie Lennox delivers the closing theme with an utter devastation that may be one of her best performances ever. Regardless of what Jackson may have made of the most important of the three books, "Into The West" redeems any liberties he may have taken or integral philosophical points he may have sacrificed for special effects. But, we'll all find out soon enough. The stake for Jackson is that if he soft balls or misses the ontological, metaphorical and ethical conclusions of Tolkien's story, the entire series will be one more missed opportunity to get it right. The world is not looking for a better Star Wars. As for Howard Shore, he has delivered for each film a commanding score that musically understands that the sublime message here had nothing to do with geeky gimmicks, and everything to do with creation, an explication for evil and horror, the impact of knowledge on innocense. This third score is a fitting conclusion to a great and classic composition. Let's hope the film is this good.     