 Recognizing that there are precious few very good live recordings by any rock group in the mid sixties, the fact that this even exists is cause for celebration. In fact it has all the low fidelity of a bootleg, in mono, but with very articulated separation of instruments and voices. And what those instruments and voices convey is incredibly powerful. The seven tunes here comprise a set and an encore and they are each worth the price of the disc by itself. The Yardbirds were committed to scorching their way through the blues, and in doing so in this live context, they show just how much further ahead they were than the Stones, the Animals, basically everyone except the Beatles and the Zombies, whose mebrace of Bill Evans modal style jazz set them off ina separate universe altogether. This is this band in 1964. The Beatles were bopping along with HARD DAY'S NIGHT and an assortment of pop singles. The Stones were still trying to figure out their persona. Dave Clark was a Phil Spector nocturnal ecstacy. Nobody was like The Yardbirds. Essaying deep blues issues such as "Got Love If You Want It", and "The Sky is Crying" as though they wrote the songs, there is an undeniable command of the material here that other groups had not quite locked on to. All of the members play as a well integrated team, and Clapton, while a formiddable presence in this group, seems light years away from turning the world on its head in Cream. In fact it is hard to imagine the light years he would cross in two years time to go from this protean blues player to rock and psychedelic demi-god, before cashing that in to become the laconic journeyman of first Derek fame and then as solo writer. This is all feral powerhouse blues rock at this stage, and make no mistake about it, Clapton in this band and with John Mayall, wrote the book for everyone after him, with the exception of Hendrix and Stevie Ray. this is a great document to have of a man and a band in its nascent stages. As I'm saying, it is just staggering to think of where he would take his craft after this point. He is already at this stage severely out ahead of the pack and he has not even begun to burn yet.  This band pushed Clapton and the rest of us should be grateful they did. Hear it for yourself.     