 Like other venerable aging musicians, Van is less the man and more one who wants to play at styles of music that had an influence on him as he was burning with passion in his younger days. Maybe he shouldn't have to carry the weight of expectation. None the less, while this is a very entertaining and competent run through of a country and western style, probably in homage to Ray Charles' C & W efforts, "entertaining and competent" aren't levels to which you'd expect the Belfast cowboy to slip. Listening to this is a bit like listening to recent outings by B.B. King, The Chieftains, Santana, Ray Charles: it isn't that this is somehow a disgrace, it's just that you know what the history is, so whether you are overpopulating your CD with guests or simply vamping through a defined style, it doesn't ring with the same authenticity that you remember from their essential works. And this is NOT essential Van Morrison, especially given the fact the songs aren't all his. If you are looking for a good Van album to play when you're prancing around in cowboy boots you bought in Vegas or Atlantic City, well sure, this is the disc. But would you play this over anything from the 80's through the Georgie Fame collaborations? I didn't think so.  I'm not sure when or if Van has a great album left in him. He has burned through all the styles he relished as a young man, so, perhaps he has bought himself enough time to sit down and write something important, whether or not he likes the fact that his fans are waiting for just such an effort. Neil Young was on automatic pilot for nearly a decade before his aneurism issues and came up with a stunner in PRAIRIE WIND. I'd hate to see the grim reaper have to become the focusing agent for Van. Johnny Cash found in his last several years with Rick Rubin someone who got to the very soul of what he stood for and every last cut doen with Rubin is essentially and vitally of what Cash stood for, especially "Hurt." If you're going to cover someone else's song, you ought to re-work so it sounds like it's yours. Van doesn't like feedback, but sooner or later, even the faithful will stop wanting to be entertained with lip service. Pay the devil, a mhic.     