 ... maybe it was in a land quite like Pepperland, there came four men, good men all, who redirected what music could do, what music could stand for, what songcraft could accomplish, and one of them was particularly enlightened.  The likes of George we'll not likely see again, and this is one of his truly shining moments: Doing the right thing because it is the right thing to do. Having already been one of the four reasons why everyone else wanted to be in a band, Harrison had shrugged off the mantle of celebrity-fetishization and become something of a disdaining recluse. Yet when the horror of a global tragedy descended upon his consciousness, he responded. Immediately. Got that, Yanks? This is the concert that corrected all the misdeeds and corruption of what had passed as benefits prior thereto, and reset the bar for what benefits should and could do, especially if everyone did the right thing for the right reason. George brought out the best in his colleagues and a night of music brought the Western World to an awareness of how interdependent we all are. There would have been no Bob Geldof, no Imperial Bono without George Harrison. That said, this is p[ossibly the best concert recording of the best concert ever. Maybe you have to have understood the context: 2 Beatles who had last played in public in 1966, Dylan who had dropped out of sight after dropping off his cycle, the very best session players in the world, a few up and coming stars, and the deified Eric Clapton, who with George also reset the bar for what a guitar solo could do, mean and accomplish. The songs were terrific. Harrison for his part, would never be this confident again, but no matter, he was in full command of all of his protean guitar powers and all of them delivered the goods as no one before had and no one since has.  The amazing thing is, that the first edition on CD years back was absolutely terrific. The improvements here are more a case of separation of instruments and definition. It is still a pristine experience. Credit the Beatles artistic ethic for that. It's the reason why there has never needed to be a re-mastering of their catalogue, once George Martin turned the records into CDs. George Harrison clearly learned the lessons well. And in the end, the love and the money got to the people who needed it, inspite of the greed. The efforts Harrison had to make to pry the Capitol Records fingers (which happened to be Indian) off the bag of money, and to reclaim the earnings the various corrupt unions and NYC types who thought enough of their fellow man to scam what they could, were successful. In today's dollars, it remains one of the most successful concerts ever. God bless George. THe DVD is brilliant as well. And that has benefitted enormously from better sound and better definition. The money still goes to help people in Southern Asia. The artists involved still have donated what could otherwise have been a great day at the races. God bless each and every one of them. And when the smoke clears, Ravi Shankar and his friend George and their friends gave the world of Music something Music itself could embrace close to its heart. This is why we sing.     