 ... like the Tinker's Coin from Jack Hardy's songbook. In any case, Young has come up with a brilliant CD. And it's simplicity is its calling card. These are songs about a marriage, about a father's dementia, about what was sacred in a family setting, about the way Music invokes a special relationship, and the songs are delivered with an authenticity that sometimes is disarming.  All of it works. And that's remarkable for a Neil Young record. Perhaps his own brush with potential catastrophe sharpened his focus. This IS a focused CD. There is only what is necessary for the song herein. Emmylou Harris once again delivers such a perfectly complementary touch to Young's songs that it's a wonder they don't work together as closely as she did with Gram Parsons. Ben Keith, Spooner Oldham lead the band through their paces. The gospel choir is understated. This is a document for the ages. Having riffed through more incendiary rockers than any of his contemporaries, Young has found via Hank Williams' guitar an instrument to take him places. Much like Metheny with his baritone guitar on ONE QUIET NIGHT, Young here plays with something so close to ineffable grace that you wonder if the guitar isn't in some way playing him. He alludes to as much in the paean to the instrument. And that's key to the whole album: it's Life living through us. We need to be reminded of that every so often. Young does so with a compassion and a rootedness that comes with having grown up among family on the Canadian prairie.. He brings the album to a beautiful conclusion with "When God Made Me." It is a simple church hymn that lays out the importance of what Abraham Lincoln said: "I pray not that God is on our side, but that we are on God's side." Young's spiritual is a hymn for understanding and tolerance, not something you hear often in the Bush-Cheney Berchtesgarten.  The Cd also includes one of the most important songs Young has ever written: "No Wonder" . In it Young has developed a parable for the world as it is now and it is at least the equivalent of Dylan's "All Along The Watchtower," or "Idiot Wind." Even the title portends more than you realize: when you consider that Thales, the father of philosophy, said thinking was born of wonder, then the prospect of a culture that would restrict wonder, martial the way you think, curtail your freedom in service to an ideology, well, then quite literally no wonder is exactly what they have on the menu. Wonder leads to Thinking and that can be dangerous to those who only believe. For my 2 quid, this is the most profound Young song ever. The DVD version of the studio sessions is brilliant. Young forgets to lip-sync a couple of times, but no matter, the way the image takes so long to fade to complete black is entirely the point to "Prairie Wind," Young's homage to his father and his descent into dementia. There are a lot of ghosts throughout this record. That long fade concludes "When God Made Me" as well and it packs an emotional whallop akin to his minimalist rendering of "Philadelphia" from the Demme film. It is so spare that it haunts you. Young has called this a rumination on what's important. Well aye.     