 This is a great little book that is part Robert Pirsig, part Robert Fripp, part Gurdijeff, part Plato. I mean this in all the highest forms of flattery. Phillips presents philosophy as something lived and to be lived. It is a bit like taking the Socratic pursuit of Thinking, throwing it in Heideggerian fashion into being and then asking for questions in most unacademic places. Christopher Phillips has "rescued" Thinking from its academic brackets in the process. It is also Chris's story. Interwoven with his wonder at the remarkable observations of children, senior citizens, prisoners, men and women he meets in cafes is the story of his life as well. So, at times I thought of Robert Pirsig, at times King Crimson diarist Robert Fripp. Elements of Gurdijeff's MEETINGS WITH REMARKABLE MEN are given uncanny twists: sometimes it is a Mexican kid from the mission district in San Francisco, sometimes a white collar criminal who realizes too late how and whereby he messed up his life. Some of the people are looking for Truth, be it emotional or spiritual truth. Sometimes unexpected answers are uncovered. At all times, Phillips recognizes that this is as close to the real deal as Philosophy can get. This will not satisfy the academic who believes that sophisticated answers are found only in the in-bred world of the ivory tower. There is no Wittgenstein upheaval of Western Thought, no Quine like analyses of the logical positivistic framework. Nope, just folks thinkin seriously about their lives. Somehow because it is not a task for profit and career, it is all the more genuine. Fripp once noted that the professional (musician) when confronted with an abyss will play what he knows, while the amateur will exceed what he knows because he doesn't know to stop. That's what is at work here. Phillips will draw historical analyses as points are made, but the references are really beside the point. He has done something remarkable, or perhaps the thinkers he has encountered have done something remarkable: they have reclaimed the Socratic dictum of an examined life for themselves, and as such, they have stood up, pointed the way out of the cave to the true light. This is a book to cherish, and to be enjoyed by all ages. I've just finished it and have given it to my 11 year old niece in St Louis. I suspect we'll have much to talk about. Thank you, Chris.     