 Long considered King Crimson's acoustic alter ego, CGT underscores the accolade with the addition of the sublime Tony Levin and the extraordinary and astonishing Pat Mastellotto on this new release. This is a superb recording, full of remarkable musicianship, brilliantly executed material, and astounding musical surprises. The Trio themselves have always pushed the boundaries, thought outside convention and dared to jump from precipices untetthered by concerns for safety. They do so with even more gusto here. The partnership with Tony Levin began with a phenomenal live album and continues now in the studio where T Lev pulls out all the stops. Pat Mastellotto, often maligned for the sin of following Bruford in the drummer's chair at KC, here continues to prove he's not only his own man, but left to devices unsupervised by Crim concerns, creates an astounding palette of rhythms, brushes and quark-fueled bursts of percussive universes only hinted at with his other colleagues. Most of the material is penned by either the trio or the quintet, and it will keep you riveted, unable to focus on anything else, and I say having been distracted by this disc for 5 hours now. Add to the mix, some wonderful takes on traditional Japanese music, and an extraordinary exposition on the themes of "Scizoid Man" and "Heart of the Sunrise," and you'll readily understand why this is music of uncompromising energy and dynamics. Bruford has shown how life beyond Crim has rewards untold. It seems that Levin and Mastellotto have discovered gardens heretofore unconsidered as well. And the tunes, when you get right down to it, are great! Do yourself a favour and eschew all manner of pablum extolled and praised in all other sorts of publications, and pick this up.  One wonders what is in store for Crim, having heard this and the Bruford discs. Perhaps the ProjeKcts have spontaneously generated new life of their own. Musical Darwinisim ahs given birth to Musical Spontaneous Intervention. Perhaps the inmates are finally running the asylum. This disc serves notice that the exciting stuff is just beginning. CGT + 2 and KC have met on the ledge.     