 There are certain axioms that you can live by, without fail. They are as indelible as original sin, as sure as death and taxes, as certain as the sun will rise in the east and W will continue to fester in the Oval Office. One of those axiomatic principles is that any movie, a priori in the strictest Kantian sense, with Nicholas Cage blows. And this one may blow a louder fart than any film I have ever seen. I must confess here that I am being rudely ungrateful to Amazon who from the goodness of their hearts sent me a copy for being such a good customer, and I honestly am flattered by the thought. But this is pure sh*te. Cage, were he not related to another overrated Hollywood type (what's the last good movie he made? Apocalypse, right?), would be a bartender or a disc josckey or being a sax player in a wedding band. This guy can't act. Nothing that he has ever been in has been anything other than awful.  And it's all wrong here. The script is the worst written and worst delivered load of preposterous junk I have ever heard. When you see a scene at the North Pole and no one is shivering, there's a credibility gap that just broadens as the celluloid spills out. The movie is noisy, laden with explosions and cheesey special effects that make the B movies of the 50's seem like Fellini.  I can't imagine what Sean Bean is doing in this film. He must not have been paid very much for LOTR. He delivers his lines and the look on his pathetic face tells you this was a money grab. It is melodramatic, infantile, arrested devlopment fueled bad adventure movie making. It is hyped as a new spin on Indiana Jones. Cage is so hamfisted and just plain bad that he makes the wooden Harrison Ford seem like Laurence Olivier. In the morning, I'll go see another film, but this will always be as dumb and ugly a wretch as you'll ever come across.  The plot is recycled Spielberg, which is recycled Kenneth Robeson with a dash of Nazi paranoia. If you'reeasily entertained, I suspect you'd enjoy this trash. Me, I'll pull my nails out with pliars instead of acthing another Nicholas Cage film. I've thrown my copy in the rubbish bin.     