 When I first listened to ALICE & BLOOD MONEY last year, it was a bit too much Waits. So, giving them both a year to settle in, I recently returned to them, and while I still feel BLOOD MONEY is essentially outtakes from the MULE sessions, ALICE, on the other hand is nearly the compelling and emotional masterpiece that MULE is. Waits is an acquired taste under the best of circumstances. In this case, the music on both discs are meant to complement performance pieces from Robert Wilson, but since I haven't seen them, I am left to deal with these on their own merits. ALICE,  ayear hence, has driven me to tears. It is beautiful and powerful, and seems to get past Waits' "Charles Bukowski has a drink with Kurt Weill" elements to paint a picture of intense missed chances, bizarre characters and the poignancy of a life that has walked through the fire. His bizarre elemnts are in full force on pieces such as "Kommeienzuspat", "Table Top Joe" (a first cousin, no doubt to the "Eyeball Kid") and "We're all Mad." This is Waits at his megaphoned, cement mixer, Outer Limits best, subversive trombones and strings whinging around in all manner of odd-metre rhythms. Intoxicatingly luridly looking into a world that your subconscious does not want you to sneak a peak of. And as the bizarre threatens to careen off some bank and make away with the whole proceedings, other tunes rise up and break your heart. "Alice", "Flowers Grave", "Fish and Bird" and "Barcarolle" are among the most emotionally compelling songs he has ever written. And like all trult great Waits tunes, no one could ever deliver these songs with the lived in honesty that Waits does. By the end of "Barcarolle" I was heartbroken in ways I haven't been in years. Something was gone from me on the inside. This is pwerful stuff. "Alice" brought too many memories back of falling through the ice in Toronto many years ago. we all have those moments and to Waits' credit he has stood before the deep dark cavern with his candle and dared to look in and tell us how he feels in the mouth of such emptiness. This is a powerful, powerful CD. I guess what edges MULE ahead of this CD for me are the tunes "Take it with me when I go" and "Come on up to the House". That quibble aside, this is a master at the top of his game.     