 Actually you might rate this 2.7 out of 5. The sound quality is bad mono, but for those of us who actually went to a Beatles concert, that's pretty good. That you can hear them play at all is what makes this disc worth collecting. As my memeory serves me, I kind of recall McCartney's bass and Ringo, a bit of high harmonies and then a wall of screaming. Like it or not, the shows were only 25 to 30 minutes (saw them twice) and yet, and yet...... there was definitely something about them that set them very far apart.  What you get from this DVD is the sense of the context and the whole of a performance that you never got from Ed Sullivan. Just a few days after their incredible TV debut, they performed in DC. Lennon still looks like a deer in the headlights, much as he did on Ed Sullivan, while McCartney seems to have recognized that his partner's drive to get to the toppermost of the poppermost had hit its apex and John had no idea where to go from there. It seems very clear that from America onward, this was McCartney's band. No doubt the resentment Lennon bore him at the end of the decade may have begun at this point. He was about to become an extra in his own movie, as he would later say of HELP.  It is written all over Lennon's face that he sensed that this was bigger than he had imagined and that he was not equipped to take it from here. Harrison is much more than just the quiet one: when he sees McCartney kick in, he's right there with him seeking to take this juggernaut as far as it will go and Ringo seems to relish in the prospect of working with such a very tight band. And at this point, it is definitely McCartney's musicality that will inspire and drive them forward. There's a lot of filler in this to stretch it out to 40 minutes, most of which involves interviews that are chronologically later than this tour, but nonetheless, it is what it is, and to that extent, with an appropriate caveat emptor, this is a decent enough document of what it was like at the very beginning. Now, if the boys and the estates of 2 of the boys would just release the entire rooftop concert from January 30, 1969......     