 Eric Andersen is a great writer with a terrific baritone voice that infuses a sense of haunting melancholy into his songs. It is a great, great instrument in the service of his folk or Norwegian heritage material, but somehow isn't quite the ticket for the blues based in Northern Mississippi. The several tracks here recorded with Sam Carr, Super Chickan and Kenny Brown, all colleagues of R. L. Burnside, just down come across as anything other than noble efforts. The songs themselves don't really fit Burnside's posse anyway, but it somehow seems that once you take this music off the porch and put it in a studio, the sanitization takes something away. Andersen is a good bit more erudite than Burnside, and that actually doesn't help. Burnisde and the Northern Mississippi heritage are ever and always about that feral moan, at times deeply painful at times sexually playful. The collaboration with Townes Van Sandt is the best of these tunes. The other "blues" numbers are respectful but not convincing. This is blues music for people who go to folk festivals and think somehow they're gettin down. I guess.... Which brings us back to the other tunes, all of which are terrific songs, with the possible exception of the title track,  aided and abetted by Lou Reed, and that's not a good thing either. Lou is fine in Lou's world. Out of that, he tends to leaden the proceedings, and he's no harmonist. Elsewhere Lucy Kaplansky is just amazing, and that seems to underscore how overlooked she is. Her efforts with Eric's songs are absolutely what is required. The standout track here is "Meadowlark", a nostalgic recollection of the road north to Canada. Everything about this piece is filled with Eric's remarkable craft, and the longing for one's home is especially poignantly delivered. So, this is a disc that somewhat suffers from trying to be too many things. At the time of its release, Burnside was in ascendancy on the music radar, but it's one thing to respect that world, and sometimes you should leave it at that.     