 Buddy Guy is the very last of the superhumanly great bluesmen, and if you have not caught on to him, or know him only from his Silvertone releases, you owe it to yourself to catch him live. You will then bear witness to a man whose eyes have taken in so much of the world and how it makes a man suffer for who he aspires to be. Guy is well aware that he is both Oracle and Sage, Historian and Prophet. His is a blues of messianic turmoil. One of the most endearing turns in his career of extraordinary dynamics has come in the past few years. His CD, SWEET TEA, took him in his 60's to a whole new threshold and having crossed it, he seems to have found renewed energy. Perhaps he is going supernova, in which case every release demands that we pay close attention. So it is that BLUES SINGER has arrived. He has gone accoustic before with Junior Wells on the brilliant ALONE AND ACCOUSTIC CD from 1991, and this is an equally brilliant coda to that session. Guy deserves all of our respect for coaxing out of B.B. King and Eric Clapton a feral power I'd have thought they had checked at the gates of Vegas and Showbiz a long time ago. Perhaps it is impossible to stand next to the incendiary Guy and not be consumed by the passionate fire...... In any case from the opening track, "Hard Time Killing Floor" to the emotionally exhausting "Lonesome Home Blues," Buddy Guy takes the listener on a deeper, darker, more subtle and disturbing road through the heart of the blues than anyone else in the field. His picking and fretwork are as wild, passionate and intricate as his blistering electric efforts. The upright bass and brush drums give this workout a haunting, ghost ridden feel. Something deep and spiritual inhabits these tales, and the intimacy with which they were recorded adds to the disturbing quality of ruminating over the loss in one's heart. This is not music for the feint of soul. "It ain't the years, it's the mileage." Aye. And in the case of Buddy Guy we have a man who has stood at the crossroads of time and distance, has taken it all in and has this statement to make about it. It is quite an articulation.....     