 I wasn't quite sure what was going on when this was announced, but I'm very glad I picked this up. You'll remember the 2 CDs of a few years back, "Keys to Ascenscion 1 & 2". It seems that the record company they were with at the time did not have confidence in the integrity of the material Yes had written and so split, with no inherent sense of cohesion, a very fine live performance at San Louis Obispo of very classic material with the new compositions. Back then, I didn't get it. Still don't. Essentially, they knackered both the show, which is well worth having as a record of Yes near the end of its rope, and a studio record that is quite good and which very much clears the ground so that "Magnification" might be possible. Now, I suppose, they have second thoughts. I'm rather glad they did. Listening to the poorly named "Keystudio" as a whole, it hangs together remarkably well. I really and truly think this is a very fine Yes album, and makes a strong case for the notion that Wakeman is not entirely irrelevant. The songs are well crafted, sequenced far better than they were on the Keys disc, and there really is an internal cohesion to lyrical and musical themes. This disc represents a lot of what Yes was uniquely good at- music on a classically grand scale, with extraordinarily optimistic themes, and brilliantly executed changes. Howe, Squire and White absolutely shine throughout.  Anderson is in great choirboy voice and apart from some minimal chipmunking synthesizer work early on, Wakeman turns in as fine a performance as he ever has since his glory days with Yes. But this is not a regurgitation of past ideas. Much of what is on offer here presages "Magnification", and so, this disc has significant historical value to Yes fans. "Sign Language" would have been a far more appropriate name, especially as it is also the title for Howe's exquisite showcase number. All the same, perhaps now, the same company will put SLO back together. That was a brilliant essay of their past catalogue at a time when Anderson was clearly dismayed at how they had lost their audience. If you pick up the current DVD of Yes with the Netherlands Symphony, there is much discussion on Anderson's part that at the conclusion of the last decade he just could see no more reason for going on. Thank God they persevered. What would follow this Disc would be the best Cd of the past 20 years for them. This was a very strong record that was originally butchered by a lack of confidence. You'll be amazed at how good it is.     