 This is Neil at the very top of his game. His personal life a mess, with a wake of heartbreak, loss and destruction floating up on the beach like the human shipwreck he was at that point, Young managed to craft his most disturbing music of his career during the period that began with EVERYBODY KNOWS thru RUST, with TONIGHT, BEACH and ZUMA being the incendiary crucible of his soul. On the heels of the bleak TONIGHT, OTB came as a disturbing re-assessment of whether the struggle was worth the cost. "An ambulance can only go so fast." Indeed. Jimmy McCollough's book paints this period in Young's life as epochally bizarre, the recording involving Rusty Kershaw as something that was part Outer Limits, part Charles Barkowski, part Raymond Chandler, all laced with chemicals, liquids and the undertow of California that had just recently generated Charles Manson. Young's a long, long way from the kid in the schoolyard in Winnipeg of "Don't Be Denied". Here he stands on the beach of a failed marriage, deaths of friends and employees, shattering of professional partnerships, observing the sky about to rain. Never in all of his works would he sound this haunted. His own ability to destroy loved ones casts a scared pallor in "Vampire Blues". The epic "Ambulance Blues", on the heels of a momentary breath of release of his cinema fantasy poem, creates a psychologically disturbing film worthy of Polanski, Hitchkock, Demme.  The songs were coming at lightning speed for Young. The myths surrounding his public performances were growing taller, scarier, more intense with every word of his appearances. The truth was even more frightening. One can best understand this period in his life by seeing "Ambulance Blues" at one end of the tunnel and "Will to Love" at the other, with "Danger Bird" charting the flight. But at the end of this CD, Young had painted a masterpiece. If you were to own only 1 CD of Young's, this is it. Mitchell had painted BLUE as a woman on the verge of a breakdown. Young broke down on the beach and sent us the postcard. One program note: I've enjoyed the Japanese bootleg of this disc for years because of its inclusion of live sets from this period: in concert, the disturbing quality of these songs was relentless. This is the reason Young has the reputation he has.     