 Hendrix has loomed so large in myth that his genuine contributions to the craft of playing guitar are usually lost in hazy remembrances of ecstatic solos. It is all the more cause for celebration that Nguyen Le's collaboration here with Terri Lynne Carrington should finally arrive in the US to take its place among one of the most creative re-considerations of just what Jimi Hendrix contributed to music. This is not some jazzbo run through of famous Hendrix pieces or an effort to bend his music to fit a concept. Instead, Le and Carrington have assembled a crack group of jazz, world and rock musicians to de-construct and recast Hendrix in a particularly African light. Meshelle NdegeOcello is just one of the significant contributors to a group project that sought not to duplicate Hendrix's exploratuons but to get inside, rework, and extrapolate upon the themes that he had cultivated in works as familiar as "Purple Haze" and "Voodoo Chile" to some of the more escoteric pieces like "Merman".  What sets this apart is the level of craft of all the participants, ably led by the polyrhythmic drumming of Carrington and the Viet Namese inspired guitar voicings of Le. It is in fact this crossroads of fundamental African-American jazz and exotic Asian textures that seems somehow most evocative of Hendrix's spirit. Le doesn't play like Stevie Ray or any American jazz or blues player. His is a style that is infused with his heritage and has found fertile ground in crossbreeding with other cultures. Somehow that in and of itself is tribute to Hendrix's sense of exploration, of shattering the expectations by turning the crest jewel of creativity so that unimagined facets become known. So, there is a lot in this disc that will astound you. You will find yourself listening to this again and again, and in the course of such investigations, you'll likely come to regard Hendrix in a new light, and find yourself drawn to the wonders that Le has created throughout his career. The sympatico between Le and Carrington is as subtle, dynamic and profound as it was between Hendrix and Mitchell. This is a great tribute and a great departure point for all things Hendrix.     