 I've heard it said that this was the CD Stills has been trying to make since Buffalo Springfield fell apart. And that's about right. Were it not for the ravages of an excessive life that have shredded his vocal chords, this might be absolutely Stills' best. No matter, the songs here showcase all of Stills' protean talents: consummate and tasty guitar player, stylistice songwriter and brilliant instrumentalist. The songs are well produced and show the sides of Stills that are his best: rock 'n roller, acoustic bluesman, r & b enthusiast and spanish guitarist. As I mentioned his voice has not held up that well, but it sounds better on this disc certainly than STILLS ALONE. His songwriting hasn't been this good in more than a decade. Joe Vitale assisted on the production chores, so there is a clarity to Stills' playing, even electric rock, and a balance among the instruments and voices that has not been present since the Columbia album, STILLS. The songs, but for one, are terrific. "Driving Thunder", a Stills-Young collaboration about a car race is stupid. Songs about cars are stupid period. Songs about cars that take left turns for 2 hours are moronic. John Hiatt's only dud is the homage to Dale Earnhardt. Songs about race car drivers bugger the entire theory of evolution. Sure, if there is a wortthy metaphor lurking, perhaps there is some redeeming value, but no one will remember George Harrison for "Faster." That said, from "Isn't It Always" through the incredible "Spanish Suite", Stills brings his A material to the table and delivers the goods. He renders a moving take on Booker T's "Ole Man Trouble," a wonderful paeon to his friendship with Neil Young in "Round the Bend", a fine collaboration with Nash on "Wounded World." Real standouts are the world music chant "Feed the People," featuring a superlative baritone harmony from George Perry, and the acoustic blues workout, "Different Man," with Stills and Ol Shakey turning in as nuanced a performance as either of them has ever delivered on the blues. You'd almost never guess they were white. The best is saved for last. "Spanish Suite" is not only the best song Stills has ever written, it's very likely the best song any of the four of them have ever written. Even if the rest of the album were like THOROUGHFARE GAP or RIGHT BY YOU, this tune would rescue the whole effort. It is powerful stuff about the loss of belief in someone you used to love, and Stills hits all the points bulls eye. His spanish guitar playing is a revelation, and however he did it, his voice sounds as good as it did on the very first solo album. This song is an absolute triumph. This is a great record by Stills. I would never have guesssed he still had it in him, so let's hope there is some fire left to fuel a great CSN CD next time out.     