 Bruce is from Ottawa, although a major part of the early days and his management company are focused on Toronto. Celtic-Islamic? What?!!? Cockburn's guitar sryle is blues-jazz based with a strong roots element to it, but I've never thought of him as Celtic, and certainly where Islamic came from, Allah only knows. Can he please be called quintessentially Canadian, which should mystify the great labelizers of the music world enough to give Cockburn the room he needs to create extraordinary music. Those quibbles aside, this is rightly one of BC's absolute gems, particularly this far into his career. There is a wild range of emotions running through these songs, and Bruce's fretwork (I still can't believe celtic-islamic) is dazzling, Allah and Ossian be praised. The chugging train rhythm of the opening track sets an authentic roots tone to a deeply personal statement, and back up vocals from Jonatha Brooke and Ani De Franco give this CD an urgency. "Pacing the Cage," written in the dismal environs of Philadelphia, is as dire an assessment of fate as I have ever heard. It absolutely breaks your heart. "Coming Rains" rejoycefully rebounds the spirit, and "Birmingham Shadows" is one of those brilliant Cockburn epics, part poem, part lyric that hint at a love, perhaps illicit, at least dangerous, yet determined to flourish and become consummated regardless of the potential for oppression. "Mines of Mozambique" returns Cockburn to the political arena. Throughout these 9 songs, Cockburn presents intoxicating landscapes and passionate human dramas. He is far and away one of the very greatest of North American writers and a crafter of melodies that live with the listener a very, very long time. Cockburn is his own man, certainly an exitentialist and christian kind of hero, and as he addresses his topics, he very willingly breaks the bonds that any label might impose upon him. You would be better served taking the man on his own merits. These merits are extraordinary. This is one of his very best collections.     