 Having survived David Crosby's manipulation of the Byrds reunion, McGuinn wisely decided to retire the franchise and set about sticking to his guns. This self-produced project is a true gem. While duly credited for all that the Byrds accomplished, it was with this unassuming, unpretentious, finely honed and simply crafted release that Roger McGuinn set the record staright as to what he stood for. His subsequent releases were quite good as well, especially JOLLY ROGER, but this one is really a sublime success in every respect. Stripped of all overproduction tendencies, it virtually pre-dated the punk reaction to the bloated business of rock. It is simple, organic, direct and honest. The opening "I'm so Restless" is as to the point today as it was 30 years ago. The rest of the package is certainly a mix of good natured satire of prevalent rock styles that endure through the present, a few commentaries on the social idiosyncrasies of the day ( "Hanoi Hannah" - particularly amusing when you consider what a money grubbing snob Fonda turned into- and "Bag Full of Money" - a D B Cooper tribute), and some positively extraordinary harmonizing with David Crosby. Crosby never sounded this good and spot on with Nash. You are left wondering what might have been had egos been checked at the door. Throughout, McGuinn's exquisite guitar playing rings so absolutely true that it is as much today as it was then a refreshing sound altogether. Drummer John Guerin (at the time sharing duties with the L A Express, and more so with Joni Mitchell) lays down a spartan time signature. Spooner Oldham graces several of the tunes with his remarkable skills. But in reality, it is the wonderfully natural and uncomplicated singing of McGuinn and Crsoby that totally sets this apart. The two supplemental tracks are nice but unnecessary. Although it is a short album, it was in fact complete as is. The reason for its brevity in 73 was to maintain the sonic quality on vinyl. Going back to that after this CD. I feel that vinyl warmth was truly exceptional, and has remained so. Is the CD better? Not really. Just more permanent, and this is a record that should never be lost. McGuinn toured with this band for quite a while. I remember seeing them in a movie theatre in Devon, PA, with about 60 other people. He was brilliant and the band was fantastic and energetic. I hope there are some tapes of those tours that McGuinn would consider revisting, remastering and releasing. He was a Wilbury before the concept was hatched elsewhere. Pity he had not been called in when Orbison passed. In any case, purchase this. It is wonderful!     