 Forget Charlie's Angels- trailor trash compared to Qi Shu, Vicki Zhao and Karen Mok. From the opening high tech sequences through to Vicki's departure, this is one of the most extraordinarily erotic and dynamically energized action films you will ever see. Qi and Vicki play sisters who witnessed their parents' murder, then co-opt their father's surveillance invention to become professional killers. It is smarter than the Matrix, more ingenious than Minority Report, more enthusiastically acted than anything else since CROUCHING TIGER. This is a great, and maybe the greatest Hong Kong action film ever. Qi Shu oozes sexuality. She enters a scene and you can't take your eyes off of her or even think about anything but her graceful and seductive demeanour. The Buddha would not approve. Vicki Zhao is sultry, somehwat more innocent and projects just enough curiosity about her orientation to convincingly confuse Karen Mok, the detective out to catch the sisters. There is something subliminally enticing about the way Qi and Vicki play out big sister/little sister rivalry. When Qi falls for a guy,  Vicki takes an interest in Karen Mok. There is a subtext of lesbian attraction even among Qi and Karen as they engage in a sword fight that causes some modest exposure, very definitely attracting Vicki's gaze. The men are all either stuffed misogynist suits, or completely stupid droids, and the suits are bad all the way through. The action sequences are dazzling, the cinematography clever without being obvious, and the ballet of the encounters exquisitely choreographed. The final sword fight is as brilliantly executed as anything in CROUCHING TIGER or ROB ROY. You will definitely stand and applaud. When Vicki kisses Karen at the end, Karen's confusion surfaces and as Vicki walks away, you find yourself hoping that the writers will find a plausible way to construct a convincing sequel. There is a lot of violence to this, but that seems to wash over you. The heat comes from the women, who are just incendiary.     