 The scenery (even if some of it is Ukraine), the colour palettes employed for costumes and lighting, the action, the pace of the film, the story istelf and the incomparable Zhaing Ziyi combine to make this film an outstanding acheivement in every respect. This is essentially a love story set inside a political morality tale, and the chemistry between the two protagonists is positively enchanting. When the double-crossing police captain returns to Mei in her most dire straits and and tells her, when she asks him why he returned, that he came back for her, you honestly feel it in your gut. Anyone who has taken some unforgettable plunge, some ultimate leap of faith for the one they love, will feel the delivery of this line. That it all turns out as it does takes the notion of kharma and to task for not having more intelligence. Who is Nia? Who are the Flying Daggers? Why should it be that the story reaches a set of conclusions that make you want to stand up and shout at the screen? Unlike CROUCHING TIGER, the morals are not as clear cut. All lines are blurred. And that is how most of us live, so while we may not be swinging from bamboo trees, allegorically, we all know what the director is talking about. There is much to contemplate here, especially considering the Chinese mythology surrounding colour. And Zhaing Ziyi is possibly the most beautiful woman in cinema today, and one of the most powerful actresses ever. Kate Blanchett and Michelle Yeoh seemed to be roled into Ziyi. She has a command of the camera that head-cases like Kidman would kill for. She can appear both as ingenue and as deadly as sin. The echo game that sets the drama in motion is beyond compare to anything in film to this point.  There is in every frame with her a sense of mystery, danger, intrigue, intelligence, sexuality and surrender that captures the soul and she moves effortlessly through all the changes and emotional landscapes as naturally as though the story were really hers.  The DVD features a few commentaries, if you like that sort of thing, and a very lame lip-sync by Kathleen Battle. But a film this good doesn't need anything superfluous. In fact, it's as well that the extras are meager, they would only take away from the experience of an incendiary and captivating and soul-wrenching story of love. Of all the films that have come out in this genre, this one may be the best, and very hard to top. But we'll see what Zhaing Ziyi does next....     