 Now the poor man has passed on and the world had a chance to watch a lovely ceremonial send-off, maybe some of the creeps who attended the Mass will have a chance to examine what rotters they are and possibly even change in some slight way. It was not lost on me that Robert Mugabe was right next to George Bush. Mercifully, the cameras seemed focused more on the dignity of the common men and women who felt the loss of his presence in their lives. He didn't call them all correctly (cf Bernard Law, the activist cardinals in Central and South America - it's OK to be activist if you're Polish, but nobody else!). But when he espoused a culture of life, he meant it. Sure that's hard to reconcile with the overpopulation and the spread of Aids in the third world, but he really was trying to be consistent, whether it made sense or not, because he honestly believed in the sanctity of lief. He honestly opposed the American Imperialist Putsch into Iraq for the sake of monopolizing oil wealth, he honestly opposed the death-worshipping tactics of a world leader, who as a US governor, put more people to death than any other governor in US History. Good thing Terri Schiavo hadn't had a parking ticket in Texas. Meanwhile, the guys who ripped the head off the indigent black man in Jasper Texas are given a manslaughter sentence. (Gotta love America, all bent down in Pentecostal bliss as they urinate on any 'not like them'). But this Pope stood for mercy and forgiveness and owning up to one's mistakes (unless you're Polish, in which it is theologically impossible to be wrong). He apologized for the Church's cowardice in the face of the Holocaust. That took an element of integrity sorely missing on the world's stage. He reached out to young people to encourage them to believe. That came from the heart. And he forgave the guy who shot him, who wanted to come to the funeral. Funny, they could let mass murderers like Bush and Mugabe come, but they were afraid of what Agca might do. Anyway, this was a beautiful Cd when it came out, and this guy knew a thing or two about production values. It's a pity he was so dismissive of Buddhism. Apparently, for all his scholarship, he never read the Gospel of Thomas, wherein Jesus is presented as much more in tune with Socrates and Buddha than as some sort of latter day saint. I believe that had he listend less patronizingly to what the Dalai Lama was saying, he just might have discovered fire for the second time, to quote Teilhard de Chardin. Maybe the next guy....     