 As a Canadian, let me at least get it across to the denizens below the 49th parallel, we think you're a lot more dangerous than Osama. The reason? Well, it comes down to the fundamentalist Putsch, the likes of which haven't been seen since Berchtesgarten back in the good old days of Munchen in the late twenties. As America foams at the mouth, the rest of the world wonders should you really be the last superpower ( the Chinese may change that anyway). This book, invectively railing against all and any credit that John Kerry might take for, in fact, serving in Viet Nam, is just the latest manifestation of a mentality that conceives of all the world as a place to run riot with American products, sensibilities, and demands. Problem is, it is a consumptive disease that has already poisoned your waters, our air, your minds. Georg Wilhelm Friederich Hegel observed in the Prussia of his time that people are only too willing to sell their rights for money. Bush offers a few sheckels and the rubes in the electorate annoint him king. In fact, Kerry may not be all that much different. But at one point in his life, Kerry did turn his back on his privileged position and stood up and was counted. Easily enough, he could have "served" in the National Guard or made sure he was posted in Europe/Japan/Tennessee or some other third world place. Instead he went with the assignment to Viet Nam because if he did not, someone else would have to go in his place. That might very well be the very last time an American stood for anything decent. In fact, he rescued a man serving on a another boat from at least injury and possibly death. Hmm, that makes 2 points in the karma column. And he was in fact wounded and awarded ribbons and metals, and still carries shrapenl in his legs. I understand how honourable it is to ask your father to get you in the Guard rather than risk getting your life taken from you, worthy binge that it was at that point. It is only human. Kerry's real story is not that he was or was not in Cambodia, let alone at any given Christmas, he WAS in Viet Nam. W ain't sure where he was, and that's when he was supposed to be in Alabama, working for the re-election of a crony of dear ol' dad who was somewhere to the right of Trent Lott. Given that it was a time when civil rights in America where still largely a battle (W must tear up when he thinks of those days), one wonders why it would not have occurred to him to get involved with that cause. I suppose he has his own shrapnel from crushing beer cans into his forehead, but that somehow does not really stand up next to Kerry. As to these mucks, the authors have written as poorly a constructed book as current publishing houses will allow: think world history as written by a football player. A real editor would have tossed this. For all the carping about Christmas in Cambodia, about how many VC were actually in the delta the day of the rescue, about the personality conflicts that seem to portray the US effort in Viet Nam as a vanity contest, what remains is that a man of considerable privilege put his life on the line, and then regretted what he had participated in (it might serve the self-righteous Swifties to remember that the VC never perpetrated a My Lai, that the Gulf of Tonkin incident never happened <which is why they were sent there in the first place>, that the candidate they believe is fit to serve was on a 5 year bender at that point, fit to serve indeed.). I'll be glad to see Nov 2 come and go. Books like this will be used to kindle fireplaces, and the muck of a divided nation may be contained for once to its own borders. You people have alot to set your minds to besides this rubbish. You better start thinking how you're going to undo the damage you've caused globally before the rest of us present the bill.     