 One of the hallmarks of MAGNIFICATION was the pleasure of hearing Chris Squire sing more prominently than he has in a while. Such a higher register voice for such a big fellow... His is not the mellifluous intonations of Jon Anderson, but he strings a lyric line together less fantasy driven than Anderson and that is very much part of the success of this CD. It is a very solid side project, much in line with his writing within YES, and by virtue of collaborating with Billy Sherwood, sounds quite a bit like late 90's YES. Squire isone of the most creative and powerful bass players to have emerged in the late 60's. Along with John Wetton, Greg Lake, Mike Rutherford, they set a standard for rhythmic heavy deep pulsing bass lines. McCartney had made the bass a lead instrument and Squire and his contemporaries set about to really expand and deepen its role.  All of his strengths are on display here, and thankfully he avoids trotting out something anthemic like "Amazing Grace". Instead, he and Sherwood have crafted a song driven CD that has a certain high energy. The solo work is handled mostly by Squire, but Sherwood's multi-tasking skills support and supplement and move the whole process along. "Conspiracy" is the most Yes-like, and from that point on, you have what amounts to an exploration of what happens now that the fish is indeed out of water. The weak side is the vocals: neither man is an especially convincing singer, "Confess" being the prime example. All the same, the level of commitment is extraordinary. Jay Schellen is the drummer on the project and he is a sophisticated time keeper in the Alan White mold. That may be the thing I long for most about Squire: I'd love to hear him play with the likes of Bruford again. If you listen to the current 35 year anthology, the difference is in the drumming. This is not to dismiss White, but Bruford was so exceptional and seemed to inspire Squire in remarkable directions. One wonders what sort of bass player Squire might have been had he not worked with Mr Odd-Metre. Up through CLOSE TO THE EDGE, Squire and Bruford had created the sonic foundation that set YES dramatically apart. While YES is currently in another R & D frame of mind, and celebrating their 35 years, squire has launched this interesting side project. It is compelling listening. It is not different enough from YES to suggest a new direction. Instead it fills out the details about this founding member, who left to his own devices can come up with a few good conspiracies.     