 Essentially what you have here is a much fuller, more satisfying and dynamic document of Miles in free fall, jumping without a parachute and finding the necessary wizardry to land on his feet. Historically, this session was booked as Miles' first great quartet had fallen apart, Evans and Coltrane having left to inaugurate their own careers. The European tour had seen Miles shift saxophonists twice, and if you have ever heard any of the bootlegs from this tour, particularly the set from from Birmingham, you know Miles knew that he had to virtually will this ensemble to scale the mountains before them. George Coleman did not survive the climb. The tour moved to the states and Miles had brought on Hank Mobley, who had the unenviable burden of playing between Coltrane and Shorter. It is no wonder this ensemble was often dismissed or given short shrift. However, on a good night they were protean. On both of these nights, they were mighty. This set had been released on vinyl and on CD before and they have always been among my favourite live dates of Miles. His playing was absolutely driven by will and strength. Perhaps because of his concern for the sidemen, he assumes throughout these sessions a much stronger and more aggressive approach than he had with the Coltrane and Evans. In addition to Mobley, Kelly, Chambers and Cobb (who would also leave soon to join Coltrane for a brief stint), played their hearts out, and delivered the goods. The great and wonderful thing about this re-issue is that the tapes are remarkable restored to nearly pristine quality and the sets are expanded to give you a much deeper appreciation for what this interim cool jazz ensemble could muster. So, in many ways, this was a bit of a re-birth of the cool, and while there is a bit of looking back, historically, Miles is also clearing the ground so that the Shorter-Hancock-Williams-Carter ensemble could be possible. From "Oleo" through "Softly As In A Morning Sunrise", Miles reviews what burst him away from Dizzy and Bird and what led him through the first great quintet recordings. The readings of "Green Dolphin Street" "Round Midnight" and "Someday My Prince" are not just run-throughs of great hits; the themes are reworked and reexamined from the perspective of this group's dynamic, and often the results are quite haunting and emotional. This is an examination of the path one has walked thus far, in order to reassesss and determine whether to wipe the slate clean, exorcise the past and deliver oneself anew to the future. It might justifiably be argued that through the crucible that this set represents, Miles solidified his determination to never look back. You can hear him thinking as the ground rises up below him. You can hear him summon everything he has to turn this free fall into a spectacular flight, and as the Saturday night set ends, you know he has landed on his feet and is about to ignite the next dialectical progression in a remarkable career.     