 Critics usually point to this period in an effort to refute Miles' claim that he never looked back. Through the brilliant effort of Columbia Legacy on this collection, a very distinct progression is charted from the wake of the Coltrane ensemble of colleagues and the collaborations with Gil Evans to the re-construction of the second great quintet. What is eminently clear is that once Trane and Evans left, Miles had to play more emphatically than he ever had since the hard bop period. Bootlegs from Manchester, England, the Carnegie Hall concerts all evidence that Miles virtually willed Mabry and cohorts to acheive what they did under Miles' supervision. His playing was protean. This collection picks up where that brief transition ended and it is clear that Miles is neither resting on his laurels nor running in place. George Coleman was a sax player in the Cannonball tradition, but Victor Feldman and Ron Carter were very different creatures altogether. Feldman has had a distinguished career that led all the way to Steely Dan's AJA, but here he serves asa creative and logical transition to Herbie Hancock. Carter is the best bass player Miles ever worked with, and on the first disc, it is Carter who stands out. He is as brilliant a musician as Miles would ever come to know and that he was the cornerstone for the rebuilding is evident. Tony Williams arrives on the second disc, which concludes the studio sessions of this period. Two things: his drumming on its own is unlike anything Miles had played with. All through his life, Miles desired to work again with Williams, and it is so obvious why: the music takes off when he is in the drum chair. Secondly, the apiring of Williams with Carter is the very best pairing of a rhythm section in all of music, at least until Bill Bruford and Tony Levin hooked up in the eighties' and nineties' King Crimson. They lay down a foundation for a mighty force to be unleashed, and when Hancock arrives also on disc 2, Coleman is just completely out of his element.  The next 5 discs are all live, most of them are restored with the full concerts. Miles is working on a core base of material, but with each successive venue, that material is taking on new dimensions, nuances unprecedented, and dynamics untried before. The Philarmonic Hall concert is now presented in its entirety and the two sets conclusively make the statement, that Miles is heading somewhere altogether new. Tokyo finds Sam Rivers on sax, and his blusy and abstract approach are important for setting the stage for the missing piece. That piece arrives on disc 7 with Wayne Shorter, and although it is the shortest set of all the live shows documented here, it is not just the best, but one of the best Miles Davis concerts ever. I always loved the MILES IN BERLIN record, and now to hear the dynamics so incredibly restored, it is just a wonder! And the band knew what they had. They were stating a coda to this material, sweeping the period of tranistion away with their incredible explorations. ESP was waiting to be born, and this material needed a definitive close. BERLIN is just such an ending.  The Chief never looked back. What he did here was rebuild the notion of a jazz ensemble from the ground up. When Shorter arrived, it was then a very different house of music.      