 I happened to see this film in Paris, with a largely Muslim audience. My esteem for Paul Greengrass as a director and writer is so profoundly deep that I can give you no other recommendation than that even those superficially unsympathetic to the colonial bravado of the present US regime were moved to stunned silence and mute weeping. Greengrass is the finest political docu=drama film maker since Nikos Costa-Gavres, whose increasingly accurate portrayals of what may have gone on behind the scenes of political murder made him a target in his own Greece, as well as Pinochet's Chile and Nixon's Amerika. Greengrass has distinguished himself as a first rate film director, and especially as an unflinching witness to truth with his remarkable BLOODY SUNDAY,  the very best film about what started all the bloodshed in the latter half of the 20th Century in Northern Ireland. That film upset all the guilty parties: IRA, UVF, Sinn Fein, DUP, the Brits. Innocent people were gunned down in the name of religio-political extremism. No less an authority on such matters as Jesus Christ himself warned that religion and politics don't mix. At all. Ever. He paid for refusing to politically galvanize his followers to the will of either the Pharisees, the Sanhedrin or the Romans with his life, and the world's been bollixed since. In the case of 9/11, disenfranchisement led to the usurpation of religious devotion to further an extreme fanaticism, whose motives as practiced in Afghanistan were extremely less than pure. Innocent people board a plane to go to work, go home, go visit, as uninvolved with the circumstances that led to the grievances as any group of people could be. Within minutes, at the scene of mid-air murder, they were ushered to the threshold of the ultimate ethical choice. Socrates could not have imagined a more profound moment. Men and women of the crew lay dead or dying, their throats slashed. Word had come to the passengers that they were being abducted to further more carnage as had already visited a couple of thousand busboys, waiters, potwashers, cops, firemen in NY. Their response went beyond mere heroism. To give up one's life to prevent many others from dying innocently is a sacrifice of such profound reverence that all the politics on either side of this issue are humbled. Greengrass takes raw material from various accounts and in his cinema-verite, real time style crafts the movement of courage and reverence as it rises to the task at hand. There is definitely a second hijacking going on here as well, and the Muslim actors who portray the villains do so without pandering to stereotype.And maybe that is what rattled the crowd in Paris. It must have struck the audience that how and why religious tenets that were at one point meant to direct the human spirit to the contemplation of the more essential Being could be pornographically corrupted to contemplate and execute mass murder is cause for profound sorrow. And that's as true for Islam as it is for Judaism, Christianity and Hinduism. I'll give the Buddhists a walk on this as they seem to have gotten the point of non-violence. In Greengrass's film, there is cause for tears and cause for admiration. It is painful to see the recognition of the fate before them among villains and heroes alike. That life should come to these choices is tragedy for Humanity, not just a nation or a cause. Where is the solution? As one Muslim gentleman said to me on the way out, if these passengers could find the courage to revere life and make the ethical choice, can not we also find the courage to make the ethical choice to meet and resolve our differences. Of course, years ago, this very man had authored a song called "Peace Train." Go see this film with your family.      