 Maybe it's the combination of 2 emotional chestnuts, maybe it's the fact that one of those chestnuts (Korngold) is over-ripe, maybe it's just that Mutter's earlier catalogue and particularly her work with von K and Lambert Orkis is just so incredibly powerful, whatever the reason, there is no question that her technique is overpwering, but this is just such a lesser CD from so protean an artist. It has been said of the Korngold that it's more corn than gold, and inspite of the fire Mutter breathes into it, it is still cloying. Tchaikovsky doesn't fare much better. Declared unplayable upon its premier, not for the technicality but for its schmaltz, it is still a notably lesser composition, no matter how sensually Mutter attacks it. And there is no more sensual or sexual a classical violinist than Mutter. She is virtually making love to the music and coaxes from whatever she handles great passion. God only knows what Beethoven could have written had he met her. Mutter's take on Vivaldi's FOUR SEASONS transformed standard repertoire into a seething bed of passion and intelligence. It is an extraordinary effort. This just never gets you the same way. It's so cinematic, almost 1950-ish. It's none of my business about her marriage, but, Previn has yet to prove to be the collaborator that other men have played in Mutter's recordings. Her performance of the piece he wrote for her on a previous disc was nice, but it ain't Beethoven, Bartok or Dutilleux, that's for sure. Here he only serves to underscore how syrupy these compositions can be in their worst light. I came away thinking this was a mistake, and DG doesn't have the heart to tell her so. Previn was a movie composer, and there is certainly a craft to that, but it tends to fall short of what takes music into the classical world and become something that can stand independently of the images on screen. Tan Dun and Bright Sheng have it. I just don't hear it in Previn as composer or conductor, and this is more like Pops recording. That it should feature Anne Sophie Mutter is a bit like having Robert Fripp play the music from Star Wars, or Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan sing show tunes. It's just wrong. Maybe Mutter needs to step back a bit. There is heady competition from the young fiddle babes: Leila Josefowicz, Natalie Benedetto, Julia Fischer. Mutter set the standard they aspire to and she should continue to do the same. Skip this disc.     