 Sid Smith has written an absorbing and fascinating linear history of the drive of King Crimson from its dual inception in GG&F and the McDonald-Sinfield partnership through the ConstruKction of Light. While claiming not to be a musicological analysis, his discussions about the music itself take this book far away from the fanzine type of writing in many a band or popstar bio. He is inclusive and thorough in his research and was trusted by present and former members of the court enough for them to present their forthright observations of their service to the king. And in the end, who is the king? It is not Fripp. Fripp is certainly the Prime Minister for the moment, although the heir apparent has presented his credentials. King Crimson is and is not what it is that moves the spirit of all of these earnest young men, many with facial hair and glasses, to commit themselves to the Heideggerian tasks of clearing the ground for Music to take them into its confidence. Even when failure, calamity and heartbreak result, it has come with passion. Each member in each phase has stood up and recognized the shadows on the wall for what they are and elected to make their ways to the source of the light. They have gone out to the garden to greet the Future. Some retreat, some go beyond, some become extraordinary gardiners. There may yet be a musicological analysis, perhaps from Fripp or Bruford or a Lewis Porter, whose remarkable tome on Coltrane quite lucidly shows the structure of the music being very much a part of that ineffable presence Coltrane came face to face with. But in this book, Smith charts the artistic and personal commitments that the King demanded and exacted from its participants. It is quite clear that once he stood up from the rest of the crowd and sensed that there was something else besides the ephemera before him, Fripp's course in life could go only in search of this light. He is by no means a benevolent Yoda, but his heart has always been in the right place, and so in the pursuit of the Ideal, he has wrought a milieu in which only the pure of heart prevail. Parsifal with an axe and a jones for Bartok and Hendrix. However, inasmuch as the King could not have carried on without his dedicated minister, so too Fripp could not have pursued his mission without the remarkable contributions of each and all. There are essential dialectics throughout: with McDonald and Giles, with Bruford and Wetton, with Belew and Gunn and Levin, among others. There are sacrifices and conversions of the soul with Cross and Muir. Locked horns, business failures, dope and disappointment each assault the Court, yet the King and Fripp remain loyal to each other. It is quite a read, and well worth the time to go slowly and mull the contents. My only criticism of the physical book is that it seems no one ran spellcheck or proofread the punctuation. Perhaps you'll draw some conclusions, for whatever conclusions might be worth, such as: 1. Drummer who best got along with Fripp: Ian Wallace 2. Vocalist who least had a clue what the lyrics were about: Gordon Haskell 3. Best pinch hit vocalist: Jon Anderson 4. Bassist who hated every minute of Crimson: Boz Burrell 5. Drummer who least got along with Fripp: well, that would be telling 6. Reed player who seems to rattle Fripp the most: Ian McDonald 7. Worst lyricist: Sinfield. After the first record, it all got a bit arch, and Haskell was right. 8. Best lyricist: Palmer-James and Belew. 9. Perfect foil for the Prime Minister: see number 5. 10. Heir apparent: Trey Gunn. At different points in the history of this band, the question has been raised whether or not Crim could be Frippless. Possibly during the Wetton-Bruford-McDonald summit at "RED" time. Now, on the evidence of what is on record, another clearing is about to be becoming. But that's likely another book or two away yet.     