 It's hard to imagine, but for the first time in his career, Metheny has spit out a by-the-numbers disc underutilizing what should have been his most revolutionary line up. The music is all quite nice, but it has fallen into formulaic wallpaper.  I think the problem is that Metheny, Rodby, and especially Mays have closed ranks on creative input and as a result have written music that repeats past patterns. There is absolutely no new ground broken with this disc. In many careers, that by itself is not so horrible. Who really likes McCartney's Fireman stuff anyway. But in Metheny's case, Richard Bona is one of the finest Cameroonian musicians on the planet with a gift for songwriting that is nearly as brilliant as Youssou N'Dour, and is a bass and guitar player of uncompromising virtuosity. Cuong Vu is the single most adventuresome trumpet player since Miles Davis, whose bold solo releases have shattered all the straightjacketing of Jazz imposed the fascist Marsalis contingent. I am not as familiar with Antonio Sanchez, but the tragedy of this recording is that all three of these musicians could have been programmed in from anyplace. There is precious little aural evidence that anything has changed. You'd never guess the chops these musicians can muster based on the parts they are given in this recording.  This should have been a career defining departure for all involved. Instead it is certainly better than muzak, but that is hardly high praise for this outfit. My suspicions are that it has become difficult for Rodby and Mays to let go of their share of the franchise. Trouble is, more so than Metheny, they are in dire need of a fresh perspective. By curtailing the explosive and diverse directions that Vu and Bona, and I guess Sanchez, could have brought to the team, they have diminished themselves as well. The CD will no doubt sell well for all who need a world where nothing changes. For that contingent, Narada record label should satisfy and leave them comforted. But Metheny is a guy who introduced in bold strokes the power of South American music to a Heartland base and created emotionally involved music. If I want my kid to be less ADD, I suppose I'd put this disc on, but really, it is as off the mark as "Zero Tollerance for Silence." I can not imagine that Vu or Bona will stick around long if the Board of Directors remains cemented to a formula. I certainly can imagine no fate worse for a creative musician than to be trapped in a world of mediocrity.     