 In no uncertain terms, YES pushed the envelope as far as possible with this work, and the remastering job is so good, you will feel as though you are hearing it for the first time. In fact, in the very opening are moments of found sounds that I never heard in either vinyl or previous CD issues. But it is the seperation of the voclas and instruments that bring you to a snese that you are actually hearing this music being created. Eddie Offord had done an incredible job mixing the 24 tracks of this CD, and you just can't imagine how truly brilliantly he performed until you hear this re-issue. This is worth twice the price. I can't even imagine that DVDA or SACD could improve on this job. As to the disc itself, YES were incredibly fortunate to have been given the green light to take this on. There is nothing about this CD that would have appealed to market research. YES did this knowing that this would really demand loyaty from their fans in order to be successful. It was greeted in the press in extremes of adoration and derision, and perhaps you can argue that the Wagnerian scope of this effort is what was most responsible for the ensuing punk reaction a couple of years later. So does it work? ABSOLUTELY. Just how creative an efort this was, and just how very good this music remains is displayed catergorically clearly on this release. The music might arguably be considered even more important today, awash as today is in very corporately written, market researched music that tends to sample instead of create. Within YES themselves, the ambitions of Howe and Anderson were not entirely well received by Squire and Wakemen, yet both rose to the challenge. Alan White became the first of many drummers who have had the misfortune of following Bill Bruford in the drummer's chair (pity Collins, Thompson, Mastellotto, to name just a few), and on top of that was asked to contribute to music that was as far removed from accompanying John Lennon as you could get. He is remarkable throughout, especially when the band toured this album upon its release. The experience would jettison Wakeman, but then, it was a sort of crucible, this project. YES resolved all it had been up to this point, and so irreversible change, and extreme thresholds were positively necessary. There was no going back after TALES. Again, as with CLOSE TO THE EDGE, the superfluous tracks are just that, but how else do you handle a 90 minute work over 2 CDs? I think it is very rewarding to hear the first three movements consecutively, and somehow it works to the dramatic advantage of the fourth movement to have to change discs. But the extra stuff, you can skip them. This was a tremendous acheivement for YES and the music herein has never sounded better.     