 Finally! A rock star who understands his strengths and knows how to use them to optimal effect! This is a brilliant, exquisite dispaly of song craft, subtle and sophisticated guitar playing, sublimely wrought melodies and arrangements that will stand as a hallmark of one of the truly great writers to have emerged at the end of the seventies. 25 years on and Mark Knopfler is more in command of his considerable powers than ever before. Perhaps through his soundtracks, stint with the Notting Hill Billies, his "Sailing to Philadelphia" Mark has shed his money for nothing vapour lock and emerged, or better reemerged as the eminent storyteller who so finally crafted epics like "Telegraph Road" and "Brothers in Arms" and of course "Sultans." The genuine article, as one might say, he is Geordie through and through, and his borderlands colours wave bravely over this album of finely written stories. From the opening "Way Aye Man", all full of Tyneside atmosphere and courage to the closing "Old Pigweed" the narrators are real people with very effecting tales to tell. Knopfler and James McMurtry share that unique ability to gain the insight of people who live close to their circumstances, like most of us do, and dissect the issues that are the crest jewel of the decisions we make in life. The band on this disc is just incredible. Chad Cromwell's drumming is the absolutely perfect foil for Knopfler's guitar lines, and fellow Notting Hillman, Guy Fletcher is on board to keep things organically true to the bone. The bass lines are as dynamic as the guitar runs and when you listen to "Coyote", complete with horns, it strikes you how well intelligence can swing. In some phrases, Knopfler brings to mind fellow Geordie Martin Stephenson, and perhaps it's in the Newcastle blood, the ability to swing. Certainly the pipe tunes from the tradition there roll with a sea spray you don't hear in other traditions, so it must carry over to more contemporary writers as well. The waltz, "Ragpicker's Dream" is achingly beautiful, full of all the sentinmentality and bittersweetness of the waltzes he wrote for "Local Hero". Each and every song on this collection is a gem. As my headline states, this is a subtle, sophisticated masterpiece: it swings, it waltzes, it rocks and it stands on its own merits as a statement from a consummate musiciian and insightful writer of the daily vicissitudes of life that propel us as we embrace our past, present and future. Well done, Knop. Best of the Year!     