 Much to my own surprise, Krall has managed to plumb new depths of tedious preciousness that will cure even the most resilient bouts of insomnia, and has managed to do it not just on the massacre of otherwise great songs, but through her new found collaboration with her self-absorbed mate. Make no mistake about it, this is crap of the most fetid odor. There are other white Canadians quite capable of acquitting themselves admirably in jazz context who must be ready to jump off the sky tower in TO every time the BC Chanteusse sells a unit. To compare her to Bill Evans is to insult two countries, plus an entire tradition (or two). Thank God no one has invoked Oscar Peterson in the same breath as this inspidly dull, my God how overbearingly boring, ivory tinkler. Where to begin to castigate this junk? Were I Chris Smither or Tom Waits, perhaps I'd sue for damages for her odious renditions of "Love me like a Man" (Think monotone Marie Osmond) and "Temptation" (pity Oscar Wilde is no longer with us, I think he'd opine on this cure). Krall continues her assault on Joni Mitchell with as life draining a cover of "Black Crow" as you'll ever hear. Krall must have ambitions to be a chartered accountant. And as painfully monotonous as these covers are, they positively radiate with passionate heat compared to her work with the collaborations with EC. Aul' Declan can't seem to get the focus on much of this stuff, like trying to draw a bead on a target after knocking down a bottle of quaaludes. "Changed my Address" seems to be about literally changing an address and the closing of a club Krall played in (who cares?), and succeeds at drawing no emotion from the listener about either scenario. "Almost Blue" is almost dead on arrival. "Girl in the Other Room," well, may blessings rain down upon their love, but I'd just as soon brick both of them in until they get how to write and convey a song. In a career that inspires paint to dry at an excrutiatingly slow pace, Krall has reset the bar lower with this release. If you are a fan of this tripe, my heart bleeds for you.     