 The first time I caught Natalie live, she turned the DC Irish Festival, Altan, and every act on its head and spun them in directions for which they were totally unprepared. Having presented her several times in concert thereafter, I realized she had a sincere and deeply rooted grasp of her identity, and the greater role of Cape Breton music on and for the world stage. She has technique in spades and an encyclopedic command of the repertoire that borders on mystical. Dave MacIsaac once remarked to me that he did not know where or how she knew some of the tunes she did, as no one in living memory had been teaching them. So, as she moved up in profile, I was dismayed after a show in Media, Pa, where she seemed to be dallying with becoming a dixie-chic. Jayzuz, somebody please put an end to that and line dancing by blond girls with cowboy boots. Anyway, the real musical problems that night seemed to indicate that there were more serious choreography issues than those that might involve a muse.  Fortunately, or maybe because the "electric" side was recorded on Canadian soil, the US commercial banalities in such muzak are nearly non-existent. The first disc is as strong a "contemporary AOR" take on Fiddle rock as it gets. And Natalie is terrific at it. This type of stuff is only as creative, however, as the drum and bass players, and throughout this set, her sidemen distinguish themselves with tasty runs, deep grooves and a funk for the trunk. Natalie rips through her sets with fire and the audience is clearly taken with the dynamics of the show. It starts to come undone a bit in the final number and encore where Shania-Dixie-Corrs featherweight stuff seems to want to insert itself and one can actually hear the impact of the traditional tunes stop the possible excursion into less than appropriate taste dead in its tracks. A measured triumph of substance over form. It is in the second disc that the real deal happens. This is recorded back in Glencoe Mills and the band is simply Dave MacIsaac and Joel Chaisson, i.e. probably the 2 best Cape Breton accompaniests on the planet. And accompaniests is the wrong term. The difference between the first and the second disc is that the first band is playing arrangements, leaving Natalie room to perform. The second disc Music, being played at a dance, is playing the musicians and there are significant, fiery dialectics among the trio, the dancers, the hall itself. Want to know what the pure drop is up North? This is it, mate. Joel and Dave are listening, throwing out alternatives, battling the course of the muse in service with Natalie to create a night that demands dancing and which dancing in turn demands Music.  I'm not sure that Fiddle rock can deliver that same experience. In the hands of Ashley MacIsaac, it goes out where the artists howl at the moon in dervish-like abandon, but that tends to devour the musician. Paddy Keenan may be able to clarify that. In Natalie's case, she is firmly in control, and she creates an exceptional performance electrically. Recast in Glencoe, and whatever that quality is that knocked any and all of us three ways from a flapjack is staring at you wide-eyed itself with a power so undeniable, it is completely eveident that these are 2 very, very different worlds. Natalie MacMaster has regained what I was afraid she might be sacrificing at the suggestion of those who manage money at the expense of music. Both are terrific shows, the Cape Breton dance is where the heat is.     