 Wu Man is to the pipa, the Chinese lute-like instrument, what Robert Fripp is to the guitar. There are no limits, there is only walking out into the garden to greet the future. The music here is ecstatically inspired and while the Cd begins and closes with sublime traditional tones, what happens in between is the stuff of dreams, of wonder, of giving oneself over to Music so that Music may take you into its confidence.  Not since King Crimson's "Discipline" have I been so thoroughly amazed and inspired by a sustained effort throughout an entire CD. This is not to say that Wu Man is replicating Fripp's Bartok meets Hendrix in style, but certainly in spirit.The opening "Invocation" is as quietly spiritual a piece as you are likely to hear. A bit like Fripp's Soundscapes before the roar of Crimson. "Dancing" is almost Beatle-like and absolutely inspiring. All through I kept expecting to hear McCartney, Lennon and Harrison chime in, and if you're sitting all through this number, you have serious enjoyment issues. "Ancient Spirit" and "Walking to the East" begin an hypnotic, polyrhythmic journey into another culture. Surely Wu Man's participation in Yo Yo Ma's Silk Road Ensemble has given her a sense of adventure, and this sublimely sets the tone for the adventurous and blistering "Shanghai Blues", and here is where Fripp meets his match. The intensity of Wu Man's electric pipa is scorchingly awe-inspiring. This is as brilliant a display of electric blues as Hendrix's "Voodoo Chile, Slight Return." Stevie Ray, Jimi, and the remarkable Fripp would all pay homage to such protean fretwork. And it has a deep blues groove that is just fantastic. If you have ever seen Wu Man in concert, you know this girl can cook, and cook she does! "Vincent's Tune" returns a sense of innocence to the proceeedings as it opens and closes with a sample from her young son on toy piano and voice. Very reminiscent of Yes's "Circus of Heaven." "White Crane Flying" is a zen like mesmerizing piece worthy of Takemitsu in its subtle complexities. "Ambushed Again" turns up an incendiary heat once more that is resolved in "Bamboo Dreams." Again, I would draw the analogy to Crimson's "Sheltering Sky", a polyrhythmic meditation. As for the title track, I had steered clear of this disc for a few weeks because I dreaded the prospect that so intrepid a performer as Wu Man might have recorded the treacly pop tune of the same title. Imagine the overwhelming relief when I discovered that this is an original, as is the entire CD, composition setting a certain distance of reflection on the preceeding 50 minutes, before it closes with the hidden track that is just Wu Man singing, and her voice is gorgeous! All in all, Wu Man has done that rare thing of advancing the art of a tradition with inspired new compositions. There are many wonderful interpreters of the canons of culture. There are few who take that culture on to an inspired new plane. Wu Man has done just that. I hope you will pick this CD up. I hope Amazon will promote it visibly on its site. This is worth the attention. All praise to Naxos for releasing it so affordably. This is the best 10 bucks you'll ever spend on music. Thank you deeply to Wu Man for sharing her vision and her art.     