 Remember The Mekons? Me neither, especially. Kinda, but nothing jumps out at me. Upon their demise, Langford moved from Scotland to Chicago and took up his avocation for roots based REAL music. No scratches on the turntable, no writing by committee, no lypsyncing - the whole awful mess that passes for music these days.... It's as though there needs to be a revulsion of the music industry today as virulent as the punk reaction, of which the Mekons were an integral part, from days gone by - it's a different kinda corporate morrass, but still a morrass. As Billy Bragg would have it "Pull yer trousers up!" Enter Jon Langford, who, like Bragg, writes with his eyes and his mind wide open and can both play an instrument and string a melody together, two lost arts. I knew less about his music and more about his art when I picked this up, purely on a whim. What a surprise! THis is as good as anything anyone has done, and a good few steps ahead of Paul Weller, Mark Knopfler and maybe even Bragg himself. An amazing tour de force from a Borderlands ex-pat that is as captivating and compelling as the very best efforts by the likes of John Hiatt or James McMurtry. This is potent stuff, cut of the same cloth as Chris Smither, but essentially with a Scots sneer at his new homeland. The instrumentation on each track is letter perfect, just what each song needs, and when you come to the sole cover tune, it is a revelation.  Quick - when's the last time you heard "A Salty Dog"? Right! Gary Brooker would be stunned by the revelation Langford effects with this tune, and his delivery in the Bush Fascism era is all the more urgent and of the moment. I stopped the car when the tune ended and got out and applauded. It's just that good. You could and will do a lot worse in your record purchases this year. This is a MUST. Someone please send a copy to Van Morrison. The rest of you, get on with it, pull yer trousers up and reclaim your conscience. This is the best roots record I've heard in a decade, bar none, the gold standard.  Oh yeah, Langford is a fascinating artist as well, and you'd have a lot to think about considering his canvasses.     