 Richard and Danny have sharpened the axes and slain the infidels and pretenders with precision and gusto. How dare you claim to be a singer-songwriter! What insolence to assert your pedigree in folklore! Off with your head, pull out your teeth, pulverize your appendices. All hail the return of King Richard! This is a GREAT, let me make that clear, GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Richard Thompson disc. The songs are as always, cutting, devastating, heartbraking. This man offers the human soul no quarter and his lyrics encapsulate the plight of Western man with as thorough a skewering as you're ever likely to find. Elvis Costello is downright prim and polite by comparison. And forget the Clapton is God nonsense. Richard, particularly in the company of Danny, Thompson is the absolutely greatest British guitarist ever. Point is, there are bloody few guitarists anywhere on his level (Cockburn, Beer, Howe, Metheny, and I'm not sure who else). This is a remarkable collection of songs: starting with "Gethsemane" and winding up with "Auld Lang Syne", Thompson dissects the human condition with a cold eye and nasty precision. "A Love You Can't Survive" seems to harken back to his own failed marriage, but who knows, I can't imagine living with his imagination...... There is never any redemption. This disc is loaded with incredible melodies that twist, turn, snarl, resolve in ways that serve the lyrical themes as few other writers manage. What knocks you out altogether is the incredible dynamics that he & Danny generate. They have a number of collaboratiosn that showcase how strongly they work together, but especially on this disc, their incredible telepathy and support is a wonder to listen to. The drumming is spot on and as solid as Jim Keltner was for George Harrison. Judith Owen jumps in for some harmonies that are absoluetly perfect, and she is certainly one of his most complimentary singers in his long line of incredible associations. If you pick this up with the second disc, you get a CDROM interview via the BBC and 2 selections from covers excerpted from his recent tour, and soon to be released CD, "1,000 Years of Popular Song." The titles are an Italian Carole and Prince's "Kiss." If you were lucky enough to catch this tour, it featured basically the same line up as "KIT", and through the shows, Thompson would feature some truly showstopping renditions of an unlikley repertoire. For example, he takes on Britney Spears' "Ooops I Did It Again," and brings a level of lust, lechery, and lasciviousness to it that might make R. Kelly seem quite like Pat Boone. The full CD of this material will be released via his website... and as these 2 previews indicate, it is an odd but essential survey of the past 1,000 years of western song. If you're on to his twisted sense of humour, you'll be tickled pink by this web-site only CD. A Richard Thompson release is always worth investigating, and when in the company of his colleague Danny Thompson, you can bet it is simply brilliant music making of the very finest calibre. This is a must have for any fan, and a great point to jump in if you're just finding out.     