 ... and while I have a bias towards the first (cf. the credits), I have to say as objectively as I can that this is as good as that one. CFF is a live act, and this line-up represents the fourth version of the ensemble. Out of the starting gate, Burke, Cunningham and LeMaitre were quite competitive (ask Pete the engineer or L.Fetters) and that made for an incredible evening of music, especially with John McGann on board. Having nearly resulted in multiple homicide, though, thebaton was passed to Natalie MacMaster, Brian McNeil and Martin Hayes with Tony McManus on board with guitar. That was the 5 star line-up. Unfortunately, they were not recorded, one of the rare vapour-locks in Green Linnet's history. Recognizing a franchise when they saw one, B & C & L reformed with Ged Foley, late of England's House Band on board for the 6 string rhythm work. The ensuing CDs from this line up gradually became more showcases for party-pieces and grandstanding than evoking anything inspirationally creative. Death has a way of changing that. Cunningham passed tragically at a younger age than his countenance would suggest. It was a loss that took from Scots' music its very best fiddle player. He had been the one who jump started the renaissance of the tradition, much as Burke had been there with the Bothy Band as Irish music found a new life. But the fire in this line-up was fairly dim. Only LeMaitre seemed willing and able to reconsider what his tradition could articulate. All the same, Johnny's loss was profound. This new configuration brings La Bottine Sourriant's Andre Brunet to the lineup, and brilliantly underscores the Breton-Quebecois connection. Burke isn't so much relegated to the sidelines as actually given an opportunity to stretch again as he hasn't in ages. He's terrific. The chemistry here works toward LeMaitre's strong suit and he takes the reins as he always has in concert, with subtle and supple power and grace. Brunet takes the melancholis soul of Le Maitre and adds the joie you'd find in LBS or Ad Vielle Que Pourra or any street musician in Vieux Quebec worth his sel. Foley holds down the rhythm with assured skill. Playing before Burke's hometown audience in Portland also brings out the best in the three of them, and one wonders how the dynamic might shift were the recording made in Aylmer, Richelieu or Quimper. No matter, the goods are delivered here, and along with Altan's LOCAL GROUND, this is a very welcome release during the Yanks' green sweater season.     