 Teilhard de Chardin once said that when Man learns to harness the power of love in his soul and in his heart, then, for the second time, he will have discovered fire. There is no other living writer, poet, singer who has more ardently sought that fire than Bruce Cockburn. With YOU'VE NEVER SEEN EVERYTHING, that search continues brilliantly. Revered in Japan as a master poet, embraced in Canada as virtually the conscience of that great country, Cockburn turns an unflinching gaze in this CD toward the socio-political morass humanity has created, as well as at the deeply personal moments that bring him joy. His thoughts probe the depths and texture of the crucible in which the human soul and the capacity for love and compassion are tempered. There is everything to love about this CD. The musicianship is first rate. Bruce has always had terrific rhythm sections, and this album continuous that tradition with sinewy bass lines and spot on percussion. Hugh Marsh is back on board and his fiddle and keyboard treatments, and it is one of the great musical joys of my life to hear him with Cockburn again. They are as perfect for each other as Danny & Richard Thompson are. The songs are all stunners. Back in late November of 2001, I caught Cockburn at the Keswick in Philly, and in his solo outing he introduced "Put It In Your Heart" as his reaction to Sept 11. With his unswerving accuracy, he held forth that the next time we need to attack an -ism, perhaps the real villain is fundamentalism, of whatever stripe. Aye. The song then blew the hearts of everyone in the audience wide apart. It does the same here in this format. "Postcards From Cambodia" lays out a gamelan cadence and then details in shocking clarity the disturbing images of Killing Fields and political violence that seems to be the destiny chosen by humanity in its thirst to rule and dominate and extort the treasures of Life itself.  This CD, more so than some of the recent efforts, is much more globally focused, although the writing seems to have taken place largely back home in Montreal. Cockburn embraces the mystical love of a poet like Rumi, while remaining existentially thrown and committed to his time. He dances among Camus, Sartre, Heidegger, Rumi, Teilhard and Thich Nhat Hanh. He eludes those who wish to pigeon hole him by calling what he sees for what it is. At the same time, he beckons his loved ones to come and kiss him, offering him some respite from being witness to all this history of cutting down our planet, our diversity, our very humanity. Emmylou Harris, Andy Milne, Jackson Browne are some of the guests on this record, but it remains Cockburn thoroughly. I am happy he has shed the efforts to court whatever that adult format of mediocrity that one hears on erstwhile "non-commercial" university based radio stations (right - someone needs to explain to me how that works, particularly when it is a university with a 7.5 billion dollar endowment). Think seriously about what he has to say, and you're not going to like the feeling of being caught in the cross-hairs, but perhaps that will open you up to the way most of the world outside the North American shelf lives every moment in front of the bull's eye. This is a great, possibly the benchmark CD of the 21st Century for its poetry, its muic, its performance and its warnings that this planet continues to shrink, and, as though hinted at by the artwork, is perilously close to validating Nostradamus.     