 George, even more so than Lennon and McCartney hewed his craft closer to The Beatles aesthetic in his solo career than any of them did: great music, well arranged that stands the test of time. This CD in particular is an absolute gem, and is really the best CD that The Beatles never made, although you can see how seamlessly it would have been to integrate Paul, John and Ringo into this. The songs, every one of them, are remarkable acheivements. This is every bit as good as ALL THINGS, and now sounds positively amazing with the sterling remastering. Sonically, it is worlds away from ALL THINGS and Phil Spector. In many regards, this is probably what Paul was after with the concept for GET BACK as a film and CD. Ironic that it should be George who should most fully realize what could have been their swan song. There is an organic wholeness to this that predates and predicts Travelling Willburys, Uncle Tupelo, Wilco, Son Volt, Notting Hill Billies, Billy Bragg. The Band was in the process of giving up the fight, and yet here was George resetting the gold standard in his unasumingly but fully realized way. The guitar work throughout this disc is spectaular: as brilliant and tasty as it gets. The songs are so well written and assembled that they come off as thoroughly natural progressions. Each is a keeper. By this point, George and Eric Clapton had resolved their differences, and the tremendous magic they were capable of together is absolutely laid open on "Love Comes to Everyone." George's wry humour and love for the era that produced Hoagy Carmichael (an interesting and unexplored influence) is evident on "Soft Heareted Hana". "Blow Away" and "Here Comes the Moon" are quintessentially George: almost lithesome in sound and completely impossible to play, using, as he often said, "the naughty chords" to effect wonderful melodies. This CD and the LIVE IN JAPAN CD are as essential as ALL THINGS & CLOUD NINE. George was brilliant, and here he is at the absolute peak of his powers. At the bare minimum, 5 stars. Pity John and Paul didn't give him more room.     