 First thing, Clapton, like B B King, has too often mass marketed a much ballyhooed reputation for essentially Vegas like endeavours, all Siefried and Roy and no Tiger. That is categorically not the case here. Perhaps it is the loss of his friend, George Harrison (who always seemed to bring out the best in Eric, even posthumously in THE CONCERT FOR GEORGE), perhaps it is the subtle and sublime triumph of the CD & DVD ONE MORE RIDER, but whatever, Clapton has turned in one of the most elegantly understated and sophisticated homages to his mentor that could be conceived and executed by anyone. This disc is a triumph on every level. This CD ranks up there with his first solo effort, the R&B rave ERIC CLAPTON, which chronicled the highlights of his association with Delaney and Bonnie, and laid the groundwork for DEREK and his ill-fated dominoes. The support work of Preston, Low, East and Gadd is as on as they have ever been. No doubt, having worked so beautifully on the Harrison tribute, that same commitment and energy oozes through every track. Preston, in particular, is absolutely perfect in evoking Booker T. Throw in Muddy Waters accomplice Jerry Portnoy on harp, and the whole eneterprise is one of the most satisfying blues projects in recent memory. So, for the die hard nostaligically challenged Domino fans, face it Allman and Radle and Whitlock are dead (I like Andy Low more anyway), Gordon is bouncing off the rubber walls. Winwood has made no sign that he wants to reconvene BF, and Mayall and Clapton have long ago outgrown each other. Clapton never thought he was God, and in this project, he does not presume to be as mighty as Johnson. Instead, he has delivered as honest and soulful an interpretation as to what Johnson meant to him and his craft as you'll ever hear from anybody. Is there the sound of the Devil in Eric's playing? No. He grew out of that as well, and he had the good fortune of having the remarakable George Harrison as spiritual brother all these years. You ain't gonna hear no hell hound. What you are going to hear is an absolute master at the peak of his powers delivering one of the best CDs of his career.  Beautifully done, Eric. Sheer Genius.     