 Aryan Catholic stormtrooper and W Brownshirt, Rick Santorum, intones early on that he is not a scholar. Well, he also knows women, once lawfully impregnated(?) should not be in the work force and thereby treated under labor law as equal, that unwed mothers should not be allowed to teach, that public schools are at least god-less, and in some cases filled with religious and ethnic minorities who might impregnate his kinder with all sorts of festering notions. In fact, there's every reason to believe that some of these ethnic and racial minorities who are wedless procreators are actually teaching in said cesspools of genetic mixing! You don't have to read between the lines with this idiot. He regularly spews forth a caveman mentality behind that Crest smile that plays extremely well in parts of Pennsylvania that collectively struggle to reach a double digit IQ. The good news is, in Bob Casey he has an intelligent, ethical, moral Catholic with a brain who will give him a run for his corrupt money. As this race goes in November, so will the fortunes of the neo-nazi Kristianz. This is serious business, volks. To gain some insight into what this cretin stands for, you should read this book cover to cover. Were it not for the fact that Herr Santorum is one of the most powerful fanatics in the Senate, it would be easy to dismiss this as the ruminations of a Klan wannabe. Recognizing that his words as well as his actions have been coming back to haunt him, Santorum has begun attempting to distance himself from Busch. At least verbally. Poor stormtrooper is caught between a rock and a hard place. What's a Nationalist to do when he has pointed out the rug that can be pulled from beneath him? The entire tapestry of that rug is stitched together in this book. I've read reviews that criticize his eloquence. I beg to differ. If you did not know the evil that lurks in the halls of power, Ricky lays it out in plain English. Intelligent design may play a factor in the coming election. If there is a God, aint no way He/She/It should allow Santorum to succeed. I recall an Austrian house painter once who wrote a book or two...... no two ways about it. In less than eloquent terms he laid out a plan of social conservatism for the common good.     