 God Bless George and keep him close to the heart of truth. The Quiet Beatle has said goodbye with an album that is every bit as remarkable as his first solo effort 30 years ago. The one least enchanted with being a Beatle and often relegated to secondary composer status, George eschewed all manner of ego centric efforts because he was ever and always focused on a truth more fundamental. Coupled with a brilliant sense of humour and an often brutal honesty, George always delivered the real deal.  This coda to a body of work that was always good and sometimes phenomenal deserves very high praise. Start to finish, the songs are terrific. Filled with his observations and sage admonitions, the man who wrote BEWARE OF DARKNESS opens up with ANY ROAD, a lighter take on the same theme. P2 is a brilliant Harrison ditty, like PIGGIES or CRACKERBOX PALACE. And then George sets about ripping your emotional guts out. LOOKING FOR MY LIFE, HIDDEN IN A CLOUD and the balance of the CD are as heart wrenching and honest an evaluation of a life as you'll ever hear anyone deliver. George is the anti-dote to Peter Gabriel. Great songs, exquisite guitar craft, and that voice that seemed to wobble at times and cajole and then offer some of the most incredibly beautiful love poems ever written are all in full display. His self deprecating gallows humour tackles BETWEEN THE DEVIL AND THE DEEP BLUE SEA, compleat with killer ukelele runs. At times he references musical ideas from his canon. I swear I can almost hear the Beatle and solo tunes to which he briefly refers in his playing and chord structures. MAGWA BLUES is a sublime response to WHILE MY GUITAR. His observations sneak up on you, they always did. He was ever and always understating his case, all the more for its impact to live with you long after. Jeff Lynne and Dhani Harrison have rendered George's demo tapes beautifully. Lynne restrains his ELO excesses to an absolute minimum, and Dhani has brought tremendous love and sympathy to his father's work. The old man would be proud. Liner notes bid farewell to Paul and Ringo. Jim Keltner and Jools Holland contribute perfectly, and the ending of the disc is absolutely, categorically, beautifully George. We're going to miss him.     