 In many ways, this large tome is infinitely more satisfying than any of their shows, movies and records because of just how funny, sad, amazing, hysterical, and bizarre the reality is. They were quite a jolt to American TV and International film, but in fact, followed in a rather historical line directly from the Goon Show, Morecombe and Wise, David Frost. British comedy really had no where else to go but the land of the Pythons. Here in this book you'll get what amounts to 6, and sometimes more, accounts of how they came together via their Oxford and Cambridge revues, to spot each other as worthy colleagues. Certainly, it was writing for Frost that sealed the decision, but even as the essential teams of Cleese and Chapman, Jones and Palin had coalesced with Gilliam and Idle idling in the between them, you get from their stories pre and post Monty that they knew they were destined to work with each other almost from their first meetings. Jones comes across as the sensible Welshman with a keen ear for Everyman/woman. Palin is the adorable naughty fellow with a nod and a wink, whose ability to fend off the assaults of Cleese and Chapman made for the most memorable moments in Python history. Cleese seemed shot out of a cannon at birth and never looked down. His ability and courage to push the envelope as far as he could (it was likely he who suggested they do away with punch lines) gave them an insanity that was extraordinarily daring. Who else would have the chutzpah to intone in LIFE OF BRIAN among the Jewish rebels, "What have the Romans done for us lately?" Idle is the charmer, and the smarmy raconteur who seemed most equipped to handle the bridge between the Oxford and Cambridge camps. And it was his friendship with George Harrison that enabled Monty to actually tackle LIFE in all its repercussions. Chapman is the tragic figure in all of this. Self-deprecating, guilt ridden "my parents were quite unprepared to have begat a homosexual. They'd have much preferred a heterosexual black Jew,", he pursued a life of excess that often left the others hanging in the balance, and yet it was Chapman as the quintessentially clueless upper class Brit that seemed to identify how disconnected stratas fo British society had become. His Brian was perhaps even more of a compassionate hero for the ages than the genuine character he was meant to allude to, and yet he offered none of that sympathy to himself. Gilliam seemed always odd man in, and fit the others like a bad suit, which was what made him that perfect finishing touch for the remarkable trajectory in the Life of Monty. They hold nothing back, and the ugly squabbles, the anxieties, the dismay at Chapman's self-destructive activities are also frankly and compassionately addressed. Much like the Beatles, once Chapman succumbed to Aids and then cancer, there would be no real reunion effort. The fellowship had indeed been broken. Various members of the team managed to get on each other's nerves from time to time. Cleese's legendary arrogant contrariness is clearly on display. There was always more Basil Fawlty to him that he was quite prepared to self-parody than you may have guessed. And through it all, even as they re-convened for this project (much like the Beatles' ANTHOLOGY), there is that undeniable creativity. No one has ever acheived what they have in comedy, save possibly the Marx Brothers. The book is beautifully put together, and covers their story thus far. If you are a fan, you will positively love this. Each of them is given all they room they need, even Chapman, to tell it from their angular vision. Taking all the angles together, it makes for quite a story.     