 of such sublime beauty that this will go down as one of the hallmark releases for the 21st Century. O Lionaird advances as he serves the great Gaelic singing tradition in ways that few others can even remotely approximate. This is the sound of the Irish soul aspiring to its own release from the mortal coils. From the very time I heard Iarla, with Noel Hill and Tony Linane in that classic pub-session CD from Sliabh Luchra, I realized I was listening to the human soul as it found expression within a particular culture. Apparently Real World was impressed by the same recording and somehow Afro-Celts came to be. Alongside the amazing trajectory of that ensemble, O Lionaird has assembled a catalogue of solo recordings that have re-set the bar for what stands as excellence and passion in this form. Apart from Mairead Ni Mhaonaigh of Altan, he has no peers, and perhaps only Mairead may even surpass his remarkable gifts, accomplishments and homage to a culture he truly loves. In this release he works closely with Kevin Killen, who helmed Peter Gabriel's maginificent SO, and Welsh composer Gavin Bryars, whose classical works come from another world altogether, so profoundly do they move the human soul. The result is a CD unlike any you will ever hear again in your life. Iarla has consistently outdone himself in the course of his work with A-C and solo. How he will or even could surpass the beauty and passion of this release is beyond my imagination. His own songs stand up as well, if not better than the traditional efforts. Gaelic singers will be referencing this disc for centuries. It is THAT GOOD.  Mixing taped sound bites from his family or well known West Cork personalities in the tradition, Iarla creates a sound scape of uncompromising spirituality. It is positively gorgeous and compelling music on offer here. Perhaps this will give Mairead the impetus to shed Altan for a moment and release the CD of her own material that has been building up. In any case, this is a disc you'll hand down along generations. This will one day assume the status of the pure drop of Gaelic singing.     