 Absolutely understand that it is not in Altan to turn out a bad record, even if they came perilously close to becoming the baby-boomer Chieftains (venerable, but hardly exciting), what with the tour with the faux-Mairead (to paraphrase Joan Cusack, 'sure you're blond and can play the fiddle, but that doesn't make you Mairead.') and the parade of guests on recent CDs. But it seems rather convincingly that what drove Altan all through the Green Linnet years has resurfaced, resulting in what is the best CD since ISLAND ANGEL. There is a root sensibility to this that always infused the early records but was becoming lost in the move to a big label. What had been authentic was teetering on cliche in the Virgin-Narada releases of the past years. None of that is the case here. Instead, Mairead seems more in charge of the proceedings than ever and Dermot Byrne has found an urgency to go with his fleet command of the button accordion, kinda like a Belfast flautist I remember from some years back. It was never just the technique, but the fire within. Dermot's playing is quantitatively and qualitatively different and that pushes this band in ways it hasn't been pushed since the 90's. At the risk of committing heresy, the attack on the second set of reels, leading off with "Tommy People's" ( a reel covered on the Ceol Aduaidh CD) packs a dynamic that actually transcends the earlier take from Frankie, Mairead and the inimitable Ciarn Curran. And while we're on the subject of Curran, I haven't heard him this fired up outside of a live set ever, and it is a joy, in fact one of the reel seminal joys of Irish music to hear Ciaran Curran lit up and playing like his life depended on it. The most unsung hero of the Irish bouzouki ever asserts himself, balls forward, and Altan is the better for it. There is a terrific take on all the songs. "Adieu, Sweet Lovely Nancy," otherwise a chestnut, verging on party-piece, is given just enough of a countertempo to put a little something in the trunk. That is true throughout the disc, courtesy of unofficial seventh member, percussionist Jimmy Higgins. Steve Cooney drops in for a bit of even heavier bass, though not quite as slap driven as Manus Lunny in Capercaillie. Carlos Nunez appears twice with his earthy gaita playing, and it all serves less to highlight what neat friends they have, and more to underscore what great musicians can do when they surrender to the confidence of Music. Any complaints? Quibbles only: the reverb is a little too Clannad on "Amhran Pheadar Bhreathnaigh". And why on earth is it necessary to put an FBI warning on a nice bit of graphics. I suspect mairead gave some thought to the artwork selected. Is it really necessary to put a legal threat overlaid upon it? The only other element I continue to ponder is the under-utilization of the voice of Daithi Sproule. In addition to being one of the exceptional guitarists in any discipline, Daithi's Derry accent brings a bittersweetness that is the absolutely perfect compliment to Mairead's unique pipes. In Concert, the man who is essentially at this point the George Harrison of Irish music, gets his couple of tunes, and his backing harmonies give a dimension to the songs they so desperately need. Yet, on CD, you'd have a good night's fun picking out his contribution. Don't quite get that. Lennon and McCartney never quite got it either. There's likely a Derry seige on ALL THINGS MUST PASS somewhere in the pipeline. Let's hope it arrives in the context of his work with Altan. All in all, though, 5 stars. Altan has recovered the ground, to analogize Heidegger. This is the Truth. Listen.     