 Peteris Vasks' recorded works stand alone in their power to evoke the mysticism of the spiritual loner. This tonal, Romantically inclined single movement symphony opens with a roar, like a beast let out of its cage only to reflect on what this newly wrought freedom portends. Like his heartbreaking chamber pieces, the music reflects inwardly. His is the work of a contemplative whose spiritual eruptions bring thought more so than joy. John Storgards delivers this music with an unflinching eye toward the dialectics in the writing as well as in the message. The Tempere Philarmonic seems born to play this music. There is a going for it that you don't always hear in well executed overproduced pieces. This is analogous in avant garde music to King Crimson's mighty beast that can roar with frenetic energy in something like "Fractured", and then resolve all this dynamism in spiritual questions like "One Life." Nothing is resolved with this work: the progressions escalate and then leave the listener in free fall. Isn't spirituality just that. Much was always made of Kierkegaard's Leap of Faith. This is the music that accompanies the mendicant after the leap and before he has reached his safety, if in fact it exists. Storgards returns to essay the Violin Concerto in the second piece of this remarkable program. Thematically complementary, it harkens to Vasks' remarkable "Message." The call and response of the Kangas' Ostrobothnian Chamber Orchestra heightens the drama.  Along with Rautavaara and Erki-Sven Tuur, the Scandanavian and Baltic movements in classical music have taken the directions in music of the late Twentieth Century and have sought to find a tonal refrain to the serialism, minimalism, free-jazz sensibilities that were championed. In dealing with the Soviet pessimism of Shostakovitch, the abstract detachment of Morton Feldman, these writers, like their countrymen caught in the middle, have sought to uncover the ground of Being, and there in find the human alive. This is a stirring program start to finish. Masterfull and lyrical, human and profound, it is all we are when we stop for a moment and consider our place in the universe. Is that a distant light we see at the end of the tunnel of our lives, a new horizon, that first ray of a light that will reveal what is thinking, what is living.....     