 Altan has released their latest CD and it reenforces what all of us know about them. They are simply the best at Irish music period. They eschew all manner of new age, new celtic, new synth dominated dixie chic poptrash and deliver sets of music wherein the remarkable talents of this stunning ensemble display just how well they listen to each other. This is musicians' music: set clearly and squarely in service of the Muse, allowing MUSIC itself to lean over and take them into its confidence. More than once, I have said this is the finest ensemble playing any kind of music since the Miles-Evans-Coltrane... of the 50's. As with the last release, the CD is strongly song driven, which is a bit of a departure from their earlier cannon. All the same, there are reels, schottisches and slip jigs that confirm just how incredibly this group manages to find and expand upon the nuances inherent in the music. The double fiddle attack of Mairead Ni Mhaonaigh and Ciaran Tourish is the single most formidable line up in Traditional music. While I'm not interested in seeing Tourish in a belly-shirt, he could certainly outmaneuver any celtoid babe strutting instead of playing. Mairead and Ciaran have taken the dynamic Donegal fiddle tradition into this century with a consuming passion and their interaction brings a sense of wonder, especially live. There is no more heartfelt player in Irish music than Dermot Byrne and his box work is impressionistically sensitive throughout this album. Rhythm mates Ciarran Curran and Daithi Sproule and Mark Kelly drive the engine that enables Mairead and Tourish to set fire to everything in sight. This CD, like the last, is strongly song driven, and they are all quite remarkable. I'm not a big Paul Brady fan, but his appearances on this CD are so well integrated that for once he does not leaden the proceedings, especially on the first tune, a salacious little number about a woman of 24 bedding a boy of 14. The  liner notes trace the folksong pedigree of this tale, but, you know, Shane MacGowan could not of come up with a more scandaolus theme, so it is kind of funny to hear Brady sing the part of the father of the bride who arranges this tryst. Elsewhere, Dolly Parton joins Mairead in a seamlessly shared vocal. First time through the CD, I didn't realize it was Parton. This is a natural forum for her and you can tell that she and Mairead are definitely on the same wavelength. Anna Ni Mhaoniagh and Daithi Sproule back up much of the vocal work. Liam O Flynn lends his remarkable piping at one point, and you are left with the desire to hear more of him with Altan. It works so intensely. James Blennerhasset on bass and Jimmy Higgins on bodhran give the CD "something for the trunk," as they say in hip hop. Donal Lunny fills the middle beautifully with his bouzouki work. It is a shame there isn't a 4 1/2 star rating you could give it, for this is certainly more than just 4 stars. Altan has in fact recorded the 2 best CDs in all of Irish music, "Harvest Storm" and "Island Angel". In the case of these two recordings, 5 stars is an insult. "The Blue Idol" is a remarkable disc, and a worthy addition to their work. Perhaps in the future there will be a live DVD: this band takes no prisoners in concert, and you get more of a sense of how tightly the hairpin turns are executed when you see them live. Mairead feeds off the energy of a crowd as few other artists have ever managed. She can raise your temperature to boiling with her blistering attack, then send you into the place where the spirits dwell poetically with her haunting voice. Accompanied , and sometimes offset, by Daithi Sproule, it is a remarkable experience. Daithi comes off underutilized in the studio, but live, he is as compelling a singer and as powerful a guitarist as there is in music. I seem to remember an English quartet whose lead guitarist was a bit underutilized. Oh well, all things must pass. Altan is on tour this Spring in the US. Go! They are not to be missed. Nor is this CD. Live or in the studio, they are as good as it gets.     