 1. Richard Thompson 2. Danny Thompson The thompson boys deliver the goods and there are few chemistries as magical and alchemical as those cast by the superb fretwork of RT on 6 string and DT on upright. These two men were created to play together and every time out it has been wonderous! Live from Austin City Limits was a wonderful series. I'm still waiting for Neil Young and The International Harvesters appearance, possibly Neil's greatest concert.  Anyway, this show as one the ACL producers had been salivating for for years. RT's schedule finally brought him thru Texas and he was definitely on for the night. From the opening "Cooksberry Queen" thru "Put it There, Pal," he delivers catalogue standouts with dynamics and charm. The CD is also excellent, but leaves off "Put it There" and much of the wry humour between songs, so I'd tell you to get both, but with an edge toward this DVD. Alright, so we get phenomenal renditions of "Easy There", "Shoot Out the Lights" and "1952 Vincent Black Lightning," for which the audience goes absolutely crazy, and he brings forth his take on his collaboration with Neil Finn "Persuasion" with such heartfelt compassion you can't help but wonder how much of his own real blood is in these lines. Certainly England's answer to Bob Dylan, Thompson has penned searing tales that often present his characters on the shores of heartbreak, bleeding. His wry observations on our ability to delude ourselves could be unrelenting, but there is always an element of compassion there as well. Perhaps it is the Sufi in him.  From the video standpoint you'll marvel at his technique and chord changes. This was especially well filmed, and given that it was in Texas, I'm certain there was keen interest in his finger work. No one commands the plectrum and finger picks like RT.  Michael Jerome is the perfect drummer for this band - every brush and stroke and beat is exactly what the song and these two fine musicians need. This is a consummate trio. When they launch into "Mingus Eyes" it is as much a showcase for Danny Thompson as it is for RT, and the way Michael Jerome falls in, you'd swear you could see Mingus smiling. So pick this up. I watched it staright thru twice. You'll return to it often. This is what DVD and 5.1 wwere meant for.     