 First off, I'm not a big BS fan, but there are still things I really like, like Nebraska. The prospect of Bruce doing Seeger-material works for a lot of reasons: Like Seeger, Sprinsteen is no great shakes as a musician, possibly a better writer, though often less articulate, yet still standing for the right things. And that seems to be the underlying message of this session workout - in this time of duplicity and deceit, we ought to remember someone who didn't have a great voice, but could get all of us to raise our voices in songful protest, who wasn't a great musician, but could get all of us to beat the ethical and moral drum of justice. Seeger nurtured a tradition by encouraging all of us who couldn't carry a tune in a bucket that we could carry forward a sense of what this country could be and what it could stand for. Almost Yoda like, he was the impetus that sent Dylan to the woodshed to shed Zimmerman and become the Bard; inspired Baez to give voice to the equality of women and immigrants, the poor and downtrodden, a Joan of Arc, or at least the East Village. He called forth the great songs of Woody Guthrie in the heat of the fear mongering Washington power elite. He sang about the deep muddy when no one at CBS or in the government had the courage to acknowledge that the US was in over its head and losing Viet Nam to a people who wanted freedom from colonial tyranny. Having seen Billy Bragg recently, I found myself wondering if doing this record would galvanize Springsteen's back bone. He kinda stood up during the last election. He kinda took aim at the racial trajedies in NYC police work. He kinda is an everyman. Perhaps by channeling Seeger, he can kinda leave the kinda-phase behind and take a stand, like that kid in front of the Chinese tanks. OK, so he's a bit of a mumble mouth and and a muddled thinker, none the less he could give voice and raise a consciousness, much as a competent, but certainly not amazing banjo picking singer did 40 and 50 years ago. We admire Seeger for his courage. I'd like to see Springsteen effect such a Rising. And as a piece of music, this is an admirable start, although I'd take Billy Bragg any day.     