 One of the great things about Macca is he's never forgotten where he came from, and inspite of the wealth and success, he knows what's important. That comes through in spades on this disc which is both a great concert film and a rather touching documentary on a number of social and political notions. It isn't meant to be heavy going, and because of that, when you see the footage of the kids in the orphanage (the raison d'etre for the concert appearance), when you hear former Soviet military ministers saying they learned English from Beatles records, when you see even Putin crack the KGB veneer to acknowledge that something about the message of love that 4 guys from Liverpool stood for warmed even the iciest of hearts. McCartney seems to know that there was something in the Russian psyche that needed respect from his as well and he is also the consummate diplomat and a generous and genuine musical ambassador. After touring the Hermitage with Putin, he acknowledges how touched he is that the kids in the orphanage who perform for him are dressed in their Sunday best. That's a sensibility that only a working class kid would understand and recognize as important. He also gets quite a giggle out of the Russian police chasing him out of Red Square on his bicycle (it's a no-no), not caring who the heck he is. The laugh is on Mac and he enjoys it, sheepishly. As for the Concert in Red Square and in St Petersburg, the shows are incredible. A number of talking heads relate their tales of securing Beatles records as they grew up, and it's rather touching. You get the picture that they got the message far more profoundly than those in the west. So as the band hits the stage, the rush in the crowd is exhilarating. Even Putin gets rockin during "Back in the USSR", and his KGB body guards are having a ball.  McCartney's observations during "Fool On A Hill" clearly indicate he knows and understands what this music means to people and he is determined to give them a great show and have fun. And he succeeds brilliantly. During "Let it Be" and "Hey Jude" the crowd is at times on the verge of tears, particularly one old fella. The robust singing along during "Jude" could only have happened in Russia where there is such enormous pride in polyphonic singing. Macca is stunned by how strongly the crowd joins in. The experience was joyful and humbling. Having met Gorbachev, Putin and so many of the people of Russia, McCartney reflects on what it would be like to be able to tell his parents about this trip. It's the voice of a son who was raised to do the right thing and who wants his parents to know he upheld the family name. There is something about that that cuts across all nationalities and ethnicities. He's the genuine article, and this is a film with great music and a profound message.     