 I'm not sure the world needs another YES compilation, but this set is SO GOOD and SO INCLUSIVE that it categorically transcends all the other best of packages out there, including the formiddable box sets. It has struck that balance of being just enough, as well as whetting the appetite for the reissues of TORMATO, DRAMA AND 90125 that are due at the end of February, all of which will include incredible bonus material. As for this set, this settles the argument why this band was so progressive for so long. And I'm not talking prog-rock, of which they are the forerunner. Instead, their ability to take classical discipline and infuse it, at times to Wagnerian heights, into rock music had not been done in any way as convincingly or as compellingly by any of their contemporaries. Their ability to reinvent themselves and have fun in the process was infectious for long time fans and for those who hopped on and off at particular junctions. They remain a great band and as the third disc suggests, they are on their way to creating more majic, even as re-issues come pristinely re-mastered. And it is their very sound that was always what set them apart, eons apart, from everyone. They sought the ambient and sonoral qualities of classical music, and particularly in concert pushed and demanded the advances in sound reproduction that took rock out of second rate reproduction and into the very living experience of Music itself. No one sounded as good as they did in the seventies, and so by whipping sound companies into shape, they also created advances in te concert experience for the listener that would never have been made without them. This set includes all the hallmarks, brilliantly re-tooled and sounding as intimately as though they were before you. Wise edits keep "America" to a manageable and even charming length. "South Side of the Sky" sounds even better than the current re-master. "The Ladder" finds redemption, set as it is among so many great moments. The bonus disc offers stunning acoustic takes, and a run at Dvorak's "New World Symphony" that once again displays the incendiary passion and conviction that YES has for a tradition of European music that inspired many of us to pursue the masters themselves. This is a marvellous achievement and justifies the purchase of this set in itself, regardless of how many copies of YES's material you may own. You won't be disappointed in this disc in the least, and perhaps its less-is-more packaging will actually make it THE collection to have. I can hardly wait for the end of February!     