 As the Crimson King reassembles with Tony Levin (can Bill Bruford be far away?), and Trey Gunn's ambivalence about pursuing the mission of the Court hangs in the balance, Gunn has released this reassessment of his solo work. It os absolutely genius, start to finish. The most qualified successor to Robert Fripp's guitar chair currently is weighing the worthiness of the pursuit of a career as a touring musician. More would be the pity were he to stop, remove himself from Crimson and take up something essentially shackled to production only. If you have ever had the chance to see him solo or with Kc, you know he is one of the most engaging artists in the confidence of Music itself. If you have not seen him, hasten to pick this up along with the double DVD from King Crimson. As noted in another review, the packaging itself is stunningly beautiful, the music comes from deep inside a remarkable soul. As to this disc, it opens with the acoustically driven polyrythmic "Sozzle" and then offers a Live reading of "The Glove," before bringing up 2 alternative mixes: "Third Star" (with an absolutely chilling vocal by Serpentine) and "Take This Wish," both of which turn the facets of these gems just enough to reconsider them thoroughly. Gunn's Warr work throughout is sublime. His colleagues are absoultely in step with his hairpin turns. Bob Muller, Tony Geballe and Joe Mendelson could give KC a run for its many on any given Sunday, understanding, of course, that both Geballe and Gunn are products of the Guitar Craft School of Thought espoused by Fripp at Charlestown, W Va. Track 3 offers the contrast that his work with Pat Mastellotto represents. It's a different, yet sympathetic feel for the directions in the music. The Cd concludes with a workout with Fripp and Bill Rieflin, currently in the studio with REM ( and hopefully for REM's sake, permanently a member of that band). It is from an absolutely terrific vehicle they collaborated on during the ProjeKct hiatus of Crimson, and actually, along with Bruford-Levin, the best of said efforts. The second disc is a DVD compilation whose 7 live tracks with Gunn, Geballe, Mendelson and Muller are just great. The video montages and interviews are a mixed bag, but so they should be. It gives a twist to the proceedings you won't always embrace, but are certainly more user friendly than Fripp's detachment. So, whither Crimson? There is always the issue of unfinished businees for the double trio, and perhaps the time and independence established by Bruford, Levin, Mastellotto and Gunn would argue most for another run at a concept attempted by Coltrane and Ornette with as much unsaid as Crimson. Fripp continues to  point to a life for the King beyond his service as Prime Minister. Perhaps now at the Gate of Dreams.......     