 While this set certainly sates the converted, for those wondering what the hype may be about, why Thompson is so severely underappreciated, this set resoilves any and all questions. sweeping aside whatever you may think of any other guitarist who dares wield a Fender, Gibson or Martin, save maybe Robert Fripp, but then...... In any case, what's on offer here, dear punters, is something so much more sublime than the definitive collection (Watching The Dark did that in spades). Instead you have a cross section of the man himself - there are the obligatory ("Shoot Out The Lights"), the wittily perverse ("OOps I Did It Again") and the brilliantly executed (any and all of the live cuts with Danny Thompson), assembled here to show you why this gent, when he relinquishes the keys to his Vincent 1952 will never be duplicated, replicated, sampled or cloned with anything like the genuineness he has brought to his craft from Fairport on through to his Front Parlour. The incision he makes on the human psyche has a nearly Hannibal Lechter-like glee in the resulting spillage of emotions and compulsions. Thompson investigates the psyche, the heart and the soul with a ruthlessness unmatched by any other writer, and convincingly portrays the collection of sots and scapegoats, fools and charlatans, the innocent and the guilty with an Olivier's command of their inner sanctums. And on top of that, the man can play his axe. No one, absolutely no one, save the aforementioned Fripp, has commanded their instrument with the same technique and power. And the best of all of these protean talents is presented with an Hitchcockian sneer for your consideration. This is the box set before which you may sacrifice all other box sets, and after which there is no need for anyone else to approach this pinnacle. Like Wagner in opera, Thompson sweeps all away. In rarities, live cuts ans studio demos, this set makes it clear that NO ONE writes like Richard Thompson, NO ONE bares his soul like RT, and NO ONE sings as though his life depended on it being convincing than RT. It is an exhilarating ride, and unlike with so many boxes, you shall return to these treasures because they are each brilliant and sound incredibly alive in a fantastic mastering. A 168 book is included for those who still don't get it. For every one else, the time watching the dark is over, the exit from Plato's Cave leads through Richard Thompson.     