 .... or are we? One of the hallmarks of any band from the Midwest is the flat vocal accent of the singers, and that goes back to Pete Cetera & Robert Lamm in Chicago, and whoever that singer was in Kansas. Which brings me to the point here: in citing various progressive bands as their influences, they left out the one that seems to have had the most impact: Kansas. Sure, it's a jazzier version, but only a jazzier version. They are a breath away from delivering a dust in the wahtever type of tune. The drummer, Kris Myers, has studied The Bruford Tapes well enough to approximate the master, the band has a quasi-early Yes (pre YES ALBUM) dexterity to their jazzy noodling (have I mentioned they are jazzy? versus jazz?), the lyrics are on the prog-fusion naff side, but after going through all the gyrations, the shortcomings are singing and the lack of melody and narrative or impressionistic songwriting. And while it seems easy, what Adrian Belew does with Crimson is infinitely more of a dangerous effort than just pasting abstract ideas together. Straddle his haiku with the polyrhythmic explorations of the greater Crim, and it ain't for amateurs. UM aren't amateurs, but approximating an influence versus creating an identity are two separate things, as ex-Crim members have discovered (wonder what Greg Lake is up to these days...). In any case, the short of it is this band needs to focus on better lyric writing and they desperately need a standout singer. Bayliss and Cinninger are adequate back up guys, but haven't the vocal presence to make you stop and listen. Jon Anderson they aren't. Nor David Byrne.  Oddly, the most affecting track on the disc is the alt-country, neo Jay Farrar styled "bullhead city." The simplicity, the woman who sings harmony all take this much farther along than all the nimble digiting that infuse the rest of the compositions. And the acoustic closer, with no vocals, "the pequod" is perhaps the most memorable tune of all. Hello? One of the many things to hate Dave Matthews for is the incessant noodling at the expense of creating music. He has cast an insidious shadow, much as the aforementioned prog-rock poseurs of the seventies, over too much of the soundscapes of modern music. If there is a musical God, said deity will have decided that's enough, even if you were born in South Africa. It obviously didn't have anything to do with your musicality. Bands like Umphrey's would do well to cast off that nonsense and find their own path.  And lose the YES impressions. "Miss Tinkle's Overture" is a pale imitation, and even YES doesn't write like that anymore, well maybe Wakeman. I keep waiting for them to break into "Every Little Thing", but this band wouldn't have thought of that. So all this carping delivered, it's still a listenable CD. I doubt I'd buy another record from them. For example, BADGER and THE BUGGLES were interesting enough, but I wouldn't follow their careers either.  For all the rest of the hype extolling their virtues, well, it's your money....     