 Crosby and Nash, in their own right, are more a testament to the faithfulness of friendship than a partnership like Lennon and Macca, and in many ways this sounds like a payback to Nash for all the tried and true companionship he has offered Crosby over the years. That said, this CD is more like a Nash solo album with CPR as the backing band. That has a number of weaknesses to it. I would have thought that the current political scene in the US would have energized and inspired these two to write more compelling songs than what is on offer here, but that's not the case. Most of the material is either Jim Raymond's or Nash's. In the case of Raymond, the opening track is absolutely excellent. He is a gifted writer and shares his father's conscience. He does wander into some allegories that I don't entirely or accurately get (Luck Dragon), but he's fairly strong all the way through. Still, his other CPR material commands more power. Nash composes simple melodies with adolescent lyrics that appeal to the chardonnay crowd who thinks no thought before it's time. That's OK, and in the case of his SONGS FOR BEGINNERS, can prove quite affecting. Here, considering his efforts to deal with needle abuse (Other Side of Town) world hatred (Half Your Angels) or homage to a long departed friend (Michael), they come off as soft-headed and shallow, as though he has no sophisticated grasp of what the dialectics are at play. Pity. Crosby, for his part, is just the opposite, and while this is not his A material, Cros's lesser stuff is significantly better than anyone else's best stuff, which undermines Nash rather glaringly. Yeah, they harmonize extraordinarily well, especially on "How Does It Shine," a tribute of sorts to Stephen Stills' cuban-rock melodies. But the weak points just won't go away. "MIchael" is a paean to their friend Michael Hedges who died in a car accident some years back. While heartfelt, it is musically unworthy of Hedges. Hedges and these two were a  spectacular team. More sophisticated music and lyrics were definitely in order. "I Surrender" is probably the best track on the CD. And it is a Marc Cohn tune, which should state the point explicitly enough. Crosby delivers it with devastating gravitas. "Live On" is just plain stupid. I suppose the reference is to the Viet Nam Wall, but it contains the fatuous observation, "Soldiers on both sides can't tell what they're fighting for". Oh really? Nash ought to pick up a book of poetry by Nguyen Duy or any anthology of contemporary Viet Nmaese poetry. The Viet Namese, and in paticular the VC, knew exactly what they were fighting for: rid their country of colonialist be they Chinese, Japanese, French or American. The US soldiers did not believe the official line fed to them, and in the end, Viet Nam wwas liberated from outside interference. There's a lesson here for the Mid-East, if the Americans are willing to consider the issues objectively. Like it or not the insurgents know exactly what they're fighting for.  "Penguin in a Palm Tree" and "Milky Way" are as banal as you can get. In some cases the metaphors don't hang together, but in "Penguin" Nash confesses that "here in Lahaina I got nothing to say." Amen. It all sounds pretty enough, but I see this as a waste of Pevar and Raymond's considerable talents. This is not WIND ON THE WATER, or the LIVE CD. Much was made about how spontaneously this was worked through. Perhaps some research and some discipline and more exacting woodshedding would have served them better.     