 One sure fire sign that you're becoming a fogey, fart, geezer is when you are amazed and astounded, thrilled and excited by a new band. Especially one that's been around for 13 years. Even the missus thought these wnaks were mighty.  So having seen that Robert Fripp was opening for them at The Keswick in Glenside, I checked out their website and bought this on a whim. I shall forever trust my whims. Inheriting a spirit of independent creativity from the likes of Pink Floyd and having harmonic and melodic turns as impressive as Steve Hackett fired Genesis, and even a pop sensibilty contemporaneous with anything Gwyneth might bed, I'm impressed. Then to see them execute a slew of material from their catalogue with a finesse and passion most bands would give their I teeth for (and having Fripp open for you no less), I'm really quite committed. I don't know the words to all their songs (well "Radioactive Toy" was easy enough, but that's pretty lame stuff) like the chap next to my wife who wriggled in ecstacy at every opening bar, nonetheless, I was blown away. What caught me about the CD was the song "Lazarus". In concert, it was a revelation, as were "Halo Around MY Head" and a few others I couldn't possibly name. It all came to an emotional highpoint with "Arriving Somewhere, But Not Here." In any case, what's on offer here is a very true teastament to how incredibly in command they are with their instruments, how tight they are as a band (the material sounds even better live), and what an imaginative songwriter and beautiful singer Steve Wilson is. So, if yer as gobsmacked as I am about new (sic) bands, you'll find this an extraordinary introduction to PT. I am feverishly purchasing the rest of the catalogue and would certainly ercommnd the LIVE CDs from Rome and Warsaw. You'll be amazed. They need to work on their video presentation, which at the Keswick was displayed on a small projection screen obscured by the drums and amps that looked like it was borrowed from my Mom. No doubt an accountant's decision....     