 Jay Farrar is as important to rock as Neil Young, and in many ways he is very much Neil's spiritual and musical progeny. Perhaps no more so than on OKEMAH,  as fine a CD as he has been a part of since UT's ANODYNE, or the Son Volt classic WIDE SWING TREMOLO. The newly assembled members of SV are positively in the pocket of every song and not since with working with UT has Farrar seemed so completely on the right track every note of the way. Listening to this CD and its DVD flipside put me in mind of Young's FREEDOM in terms of the energy, commitment and subject matter.  Young was railing against the first Bushwhacking, Farrar has the Texas Whacker clearly in mind in quite a few of these songs. Channeling the spirit of Woody Guthrie in the opening track, Farrar goes neck high in the big muddy slur and spin of the oil and christian fascist privateers at play across America. He never lets up. Whether coursing down Highway 61 or the currents of the Chaos Streams, Farrar is painting a picture of America that is on an edge it is unaware of, lulled asleep by visions and polemics as fanatical as those who would take down buildings with planes, schools with kidnappings, subways with backpacks. The Endless War he rails against begins on the shores of the Atlantic and Pacific and proceeds to his dearly beloved heartland. This is an album of fierce passion. It rocks with a sense of mission and the ballads are certainly not weepers. His 6 String Beliefs are infused with a fervour of the deepest revellation and he is not about to sacrifice these for the powerful intrusions of a band of usurpers. Musically, his lead work is exceptional, and the support from SV is amazing in every song. Pedal Steel treatments, piano effects, the percussive driving attacks serve the songs as perfectly as anything I've heard this year. Superb arrangements leave you with the impression that this could easily have been first takes that nailed the sings perfectly, it's just that immediate. When it all resolves into World Waits For You and its reprise, you have been on an exhilarating experience. This is a stellar achievement for Farrar. Long May You Run.     