 After a 10 year hiatus, during which Gabriel released a superlative concert tape (Secret World), a decent song collection for the millenium (OVO) and a middling soundtrack (Long Walk Home), Peter Gabriel returns with a studio effort that sets the clock back 18 to 20 years. This CD fits in more with #3 and SECURITY than it does as the successor to SO and US. In fact, the first three songs sound like extensions of the "Family and the Fishing Net", lugubrious on a good day. So the new disc finds our hero continuing his efforts to turn R. D. Laing's theories on existential psychoanalysis into a British Music Hall Revue. Pass me the Prozac. While early CDs seemed to mix nightmare with halloween with social consciousness, this whole set just weighs down at the beginning and never lets up. The refreshing thing about SO and US was that there were elements of fun in the picture, even a good natured poke or two at his own image. This one's a bit relentless, and more's the pity. This has such weight to it, that John Paul Jones sounds positively like Graham Nash by comparison. Yikes! Indeed. Through the proceedings, one continually admires the work of Tony Levin and Manu Katche, but you'll certainly find Levin with more to experiment with on the current CGT + 2 CD than you will expanding the deep dark well of Gabriel's psychoses. What was he doing for 10 years that this is the record? "Darkness" and "Growing Up" rail against the demons that haunt him, "Sky Blue" continues his angst. "No Way Out", "My Head Sounds Like That", well, you can gather from the titles what you're in for. And the "Barry Williams Show" is certainly not up to Gabriel's standards. TV people lie. !!??!!! If I were Biko, I'd jump out the window myself. There is a tendency for Gabriel to redeem lackluster material in a live setting, so perhaps if he tours this out, he'll uplift this stuff. In the meantime, if you're a completist, wait til it hits the used bins (certainly won't take 10 years). Otherwise, perhaps in another span of time, something more provocative and less leaden may take form. To paraphrase a lyric, the music herein is swimming around in a plastic bag, in very murky stagnant water. I recall Sean Connery saying that R.D. Laing cured  him inadvertently in as much as if he had stayed any longer with Laing's therapy, he'd have turned the gas on and lit up a pack of smokes. Tough to bang a tune out of that....     