 In the DVD release of this positively riveting concert, Yusuf notes that he was a self-absorbed jerk by this point in his pop-star trajectory, focusing his disdain on the moment in the film when Cat rebukes someone for something they did with the mic stand. Having seen Cat on the tour before this, it was clear to me that he had had it with the adulation. The whole experience was profoundly unsatisfying and the trappings of commercial success were suffocating him. A friend of mine had tossed onstage a toy his girlfriend had given him and Cat ridiculed it. It had a nasty edge to it that showed a guy clearly fed up with his life and what it meant. Inspite of that, the music had such an incredible power that you, he and everyone else could remove themselves from the existential annoyances and disruptions and find something only Music itself could deliver. Those same essentials are delivered here in spades. While at times, Cat seems to be rushing through some of it, at other times he acknowledges the reverence for his muse and delivers performances almost any artist would give their eye-teeth to be worthy of. This is, for its warts and pimples, one of the greatest performers in music delivering the goods. To the hip-hop pop crowd of today, the message in the songs would be clearly lost. Heaven knows , the message is clearly lost on W and the fascist Chriztian right who had Yusuf falsely arrested and deported back in the summer of 2004. (Orwell warned of this, Yanks, you are not paying attention). Here is a man bringing forth is song the questions that Socrates asked, and as the dangerous Greek once said, an unexamined life is not worth living. Hmmmm, when you consider W doesn't examine, he just believes..... Stevens, a noble spiritual son of the most important of all Western spiritual masters, bared his soul and presented his Ruminations as few before or since have. The entire experience is well presented in the DVD and it sounds positively great on this CD. There had been a LIVE IN TOKYO record towards the end of his career, I think the year after this tour. Cat had the masters destroyed. Rightfully so, they were horrible. That he found these and after all this time is willing to reconsider the persona of who Cat Stevens was and what he had on offer is a treat for anyone who examines their life. For all this philosophy, this is an evening of great music. Enjoy. And cast a cold eye on those who would tell you such poets are a dnager to our society.....     