 Street's Son by Felicia Madlock is an awakening look into the reality of fathering several children by different women and the consequences of it.  In his younger days, Samuel "Street" Jamieson was a street hustler and player. In later years, Street legitimizes himself with a thriving business, marries and fathers a child with his wife.  Street's Sons is a look at the consequences of his prior actions and how they come to pass.  Street's oldest sons, Terrance and Malik, describe their father as a liar and deceiver.  They watched as their mother, Nadine, pined for Street.  His third son, Bernard, does not put his feelings into words and by all accounts fared well with Street's absence.   His mother, Maggie, flipped the scripted on Street. On the surface Street's actions were of no consequence to him.  Sammie, Street's legitimate son, describes his father as caring and devoted.  Each of Street's sons possessed personality traits and behaviors of their fathers.  When the four young men meet through unusual circumstances, which can only be described as fate, their worlds collide and decisions must be made. We come to know Street through the reflections of his sons, his sister Crystal, Nadine, Maggie and Mr. Ferguson, the father of Sammie's best friend.  Nadine and Maggie reveal some long buried truths to their sons that only add more tension to an already flaming fire.  Nadine and Maggie made choices in their lives as it pertained to Street; read how their lives developed based on theses choices.  What you get is one man with many lives.   Street's Sons is packed full of action and emotional turmoil from all the parties involved and for all they come into contact with.  We truly witness the sins of the father and the impact it has on his children well into adulthood, be it negative or positive. Felicia Madlock has crafted characters that you come to care about.  I would recommend Street's Sons to book clubs because of its social commentary and its ability to elicit a lively discussion.  I look forward to reading more from this author. Reviewed by Dawn R. Reeves APOOO BookClub     