 Spanning thirty-seven years, Brenda Jackson's Ties That Bind introduces us to the rich and prominent Fuller family from Richmond, Virginia; the Denison family from picturesque Hilton Head Island and Glendale Shores, South Carolina; the Wainwright and Murdoch families of Miami, Florida and the Haywood family from Knoxville, Tennessee.   Children from each of these families attend Howard University during the 1960s, establishing life-long friendships and intimate relationships. Randolph Fuller falls in love with Jenna Haywood despite the misgivings and interference of his wealthy paternal grandmother who has paired Randolph with another woman of her choosing.  Randolph's maternal grandmother however, accepts the union and spins her mystical power upon the couple using the island of Glendale Shores as her trump card.  Grandmother Fuller has also paired Ross, Randolph's brother, with a woman of her choosing but it is Randolph who fights her every step of the way, while Ross accepts his fate to be in loveless relationship with conniving Angela Douglass.  Grandmother Fuller and Angela resort to despicable plots to keep Randolph and Jenna apart. Much of Jackson's story is set against the backdrop of the Vietnam War and Civil Rights movement adding realistic imagery as we watch the friends and families deal with the tumultuous and riotous times of the 1960s.  Jackson has also added numerous characters in the form of friends, Leigh Murdoch, Noah Wainwright, Ellie Stanhope and Johnny Lane that make this family saga complete as we get a major glimpse into their lives.  While there are numerous characters and storylines, not once is the focus lost; Randolph and Jenna remain the focal point.  The story goes one step further as children are born from these unions and their stories are showcased.  Ties That Bind touches the soul, giving the reader a story that showcases quality friendships, loving families, positive African-American men and intricate and sensual lovemaking scenes.  This is classic Brenda Jackson and one of her best to date! Reviewed by Dawn R. Reeves, APOOO BookClub     