 No two Gloria Mallette novels are alike in terms of plot or style, but there is one common denominator and that is the examination of the human psyche.  Mallette gives us primary and secondary characters facing a multitude of life challenges as we witness their resolve.  The Honey Well is such a novel.  Opening with an ironic scene, Arnell remembers a quote by her mother that sets the stage for the novel-"Sometimes you have to stick your hand in a bowl of  _ _ _ _ to get what you want."   Set in an upscale Brooklyn neighborhood, Arnell Rayford is tired of being her mother's pawn in her house of ill repute.  For the life of Arnell, she cannot comprehend why she cannot say no to her mother when these requests come her way.  It definitely is not for the money but Esther has a trump card.  Esther Rayford, or Queen Esther as she is known in the trade, runs an upscale brothel in a large Victorian home that she acquired out of spite.  Long before her business took off, Esther pimped Arnell to their Jewish landlord to keep a roof over their heads.  Esther and Arnell have come a long way from poverty. Arnell managed to take her earnings and acquire a college degree and now freelances as an editor.  She is also engaged to an up and coming politician and son of a preacher. The Honey Well is an outrageous, intense and bold look at a mother's mental and delusional hold on her child.  While the plot may appear to be as old as the profession of prostitution, Mallette has turned it up a notch with an audacious mother and other shameful characters; with excellent one-liners that make you laugh out loud and shake your head and with dialogue that captures your attention begging you to continue reading. Read along and witness as Arnell comes to terms as to who her mother really is. Is she capable of loving another human being? An unpredictable read, The Honey Well is as good as it gets when it comes to nonstop action. The Honey Well opened with an ironic scene; examine how this same scene plays into the story by the end!  Excellent! Reviewed by Dawn R. Reeves APOOO BookClub     