 Nancey Flowers opens Shattered Vessels, the novel with Shattered Vessels, the poem.  In it she exhibits how your body is a vessel filled with emotions, spirits, thoughts, hopes and dreams.  She alludes to the fact that on the outside your vessel may appear whole but on the inside you know the truth.  This poem serves as great prologue for the story within. Shattered Vessels features four friends, their husbands and their plights as couples.  Sandy and Bedford; Sandy's cousins-sisters India and Patience; their husbands Grayson and Jonathan; and Sandy's friend Wanita and her husband William.  The story focuses on domestic violence and its implications on the victim, the abuser, family and friends.   Sandy's abuse is not physical; her husband is a philanderer, bedding numerous women he comes into contact with including his ex-wife who is his business partner.  Grayson physically abuses India and Wanita's husband William mentally abuses her; he believes he is academically superior and how dare she form an opinion. Of the four, Patience is not in an abusive relationship, however she knows that her sister India is trying desperately to hide her abuse for all the wrong reasons.  We read about the daily trials and tribulations of these women and how they overcome, if they ever do, their demons or the demons of their husbands.  I only wished that more insight had been provided on the husbands and their backgrounds.  There was some but not enough to form an opinion as to their behavior.  But then again, maybe there could never be an answer to their abusive behavior whether mental or physical.    Shattered Vessels is a compelling, engaging, wonderfully written and neatly packaged story.  Nancey Flowers is a great storyteller that forces you into the lives and minds of her characters.  She concludes the novel with a message defending the stories within as true occurrences due to her interviews with abused women. Domestic violence, whether physical or mental, knows no economic boundaries (as portrayed within this story) and happens to whom we least expect. Reviewed by Dawn R. Reeves, APOOO BookClub     