 With True Lies, Margaret Johnson-Hodge has scored again with an extraordinary portrait of accepting situations that are not in our best interest, deceiving oneself, all the while hoping things will change.  Johnson-Hodge has captured the true essence of disillusioned lovers who fight for their love. Dajah Moore and Rick Trimmons inadvertently meet one evening; she on her way home, he on his way to work.  Dajah is an accountant and Rick is a correctional officer, both from middle-class backgrounds.  Dajah is unattached; Rick has a live-in girlfriend and a small child by the name of Kanisha.  Gina, Rick's girlfriend, is not the best idea of a mother; she is manipulating, cunning and downright trifling.  Somehow Rick has managed to keep his family together despite Gina's juvenile ways.  Dajah informs Rick, "when you're free."  Rick's motivation in life is his daughter and her happiness. Rick devises the "plan" as his way of being with the woman he wants and at the same time, being with his daughter. True Lies takes you on a journey with Dajah and Rick as they try to define their feelings for each other and the people around them; as they try to make a better place for the people in their lives, all the while neglecting themselves. Demonstrated is the making of decisions in the best interest of someone and how those decisions affect other individuals.  Decisions, as a reader you may question, but are somehow able to understand.  I found myself talking to the characters, hoping, worrying and praying for them.  Friends and other characters' lives are examined as well, allowing the reader to see the main characters in a realistic sense of everyday living and loving. The language and imagery used to tell this story makes it thought provoking and I am sure, would lead to a lively discussion of what you "would have done" if placed in the characters' situation. True Lies is another excellent portrayal of the human psyche, because it elicits the reader's emotions and will go down as one of my favorites of 2002.  Powerful! Reviewed by Dawn R. Reeves, Apooo BookClub     