 The four novellas intertwined within the Best Man give us some of the best offerings by the men within.  Jackson, Louis, Mason and Perrin showcase their sensual and heroic men with the Best Man whether it is for better or for worse. Strictly Business by Brenda Jackson gives us the return of Mitch Farrell and Gina Grant Farrell.  After divorcing two years prior, Mitch is back in Houston with a plan to win his former wife back.  In true Brenda Jackson fashion, we witness Mitch's plan as he goes full steam ahead with calculated tactics and romantic twists.  The return of the Maderis family is always a treat and we learn some things about Mitch's childhood that stand to reason his past behaviors.  Mitch has changed, he has grown and he sets out to showcase this change to Gina.  Strictly Business provides friendship, sensuality and true love as Mitch fights for his woman. Catch Me If You Can by Cindi Louis joins long lost lovers Lonzell and Leesa together again after a breakup neither understood and secrets so devastating you will wonder if anyone involved can be forgiven.  This is a truly touching family romance ripe with emotions for all to witness. Promises and Vows by Felicia Mason highlight Jerome and Elise Gregory on the verge of divorce.  Unannounced and unbeknownst, a strong, emotional force arrives in the form of Jerome's Aunt Josephine.  Aunt Joe is a voodoo priestess from the back country of Louisiana. Watch and read as Jerome and Elise try to elude Aunt Joe into believing that everything is all right with their marriage and as Aunt Joe mixes her own brand of magic to save the couple's marriage. Kidnapped by Kayla Perrin is perhaps the most risqu and erotic of the four novellas.  Nia and Jamal were lovers from two different worlds.  Pressured by her family to enter into the family business as opposed to teaching, Nia regrets not going with her heart.  Add to the fact that her family and Jamal believe he was not good enough for her and you have an explosive situation as Nia prepares to marry the man of her family's dreams.  On her wedding day Jamal whisks Nia away, not to prevent her marriage but to prove a point.  As Nia learns to go with her heart so to does Jamal as he learns to accept his fate. The Best Man is a consortium of novellas with enough character development to make you care and the right amount of appeal and charm to fascinate and titillate a thirst for romance.  Reviewed by Dawn R. Reeves APOOO BookClub     