 Insight by Valerie C. J. McGee is a novel shrouded with mystery from the very first page.  Samantha Robertson is a blind woman living in California who seemingly has a telepathic connection to an Assistant District Attorney in New York City.  When Rachel Maxwell is thrown ten stories from her apartment building, it is Samantha who witnessed the killing through her visions and it is Samantha who longs to go to New York to prove that Rachel did not commit suicide.    As a result of a childhood car accident that claimed the life of her mother, Samantha has learned to live and love as a blind woman.  She lives with her father, a retired police officer and her brother Timothy, also a cop.  These two men are very protective of her, however one believes in her visions and the other pacifies her.  Because of this protectiveness, she heads to New York, unbeknownst to her family, to search for the truth behind Rachel's death.  What she finds is an ally in Brian Reynolds, a cop and old family friend.  When everyone attempts to talk Samantha into returning to New York, she is steadfast in her belief and refuses to leave.  What begins is a series of events to prove who Rachel's killer is.  Although blind, does Samantha truly have insight?  McGee has inserted secondary characters that assist in making this novel come full circle.  She uses imagery like a master, her characters are fully developed and the plot is intriguing to the end.  The only element that prevented this novel from being rated five stars was the editing.  There are some seemingly unrealistic scenes, however McGee works this plot to the fullest.  I met McGee and found her to be a very appreciative and sensitive woman, which piqued my interest in reading her work.  Through her writing, these qualities are realized in a work that mystery fans will enjoy because of the different spin.  McGee states that this is her first of thirty-six novels and I look forward to the others.  Reviewed by Dawn R. Reeves APOOO BookClub     