	 Two brothers, approximately six years apart, seemingly different, but inevitably alike, plow into the other's lives with dire consequences in Phillip Duck's Playing With Destiny.  In an effort to make the most of their lives, Colin and Courtney Sheffield, forge ahead with the future, having misguided thoughts about each other.  A mistake in judgment and a lie from a female antagonist, sets the stage for the large range of emotions that pour from this story.  After the death of their father, Colin took it upon himself, with some coaxing from his mother, to step up and assist in raising his brother.  What Courtney learned was betrayal, deceit and favoritism at the hands of his brother and other family members.  Eventually Courtney entered adulthood mistrusting his family, while simultaneously seeking their approval and despising his older brother.  Colin, a well-spoken writer of literary novels, is looking for his next big seller.  Pitted against another popular author whose novels lack literary value, according to Colin, he fails miserably in an effort to compete.  Courtney is entering his senior year of college with offers of entering the NBA draft and forgoing his senior year.  Between his issues with Colin, the paternity of a child and his decision to enter the NBA draft, Courtney is at an impasse and makes terrible decisions that could ruin his career and life.  Phillip Duck did an excellent job of showcasing the intricacies of the NBA from the sports agents to the team trainers without the typical dumb, ghetto jock hype. His highlighting of the female characters was the catalyst of the story that brought about a climatic ending.  However, Colin's competition with a rival author was not played out with a satisfying conclusion.  In other words, we saw Colin's issues and his resolution, but the rival author disappeared from the scene. The elders' wisdom and experiences add a rich content and each characters' voice is exclusive to him or her.  Playing With Destiny, as a debut novel, is an engrossing and well-written story about jealously, miscommunication and the impact and importance of family that stays with you for a lifetime.  Reviewed by Dawn R. Reeves APOOO BookClub     