 Whispers Between the Sheets by Victor McGlothin, Earl Sewell and  Phillip Thomas Duck showcases three of the most wildest, wackiest and wickedwould-be players to ever covet the inside of a book.  The three novellas, A Players Paradise, At Your Service and A Man and a Half, highlight the lucky and the not so lucky in and out of lust and love.  In A Player's Paradise, Kenton is the player extraordinaire until he meets his match in a game of cat and mouse.  D. T. Niles is more than Kenton bargained for and her clever secret will rock his world.  After facing financial ruin, Franklin enters into a game of survival that bursts in his face in At Your Service.  Serving as a co-dependant for his mother and sister, Franklin enters into the world of a would be escort only to find affection with a client.  Wesley, the most sensitive and loving of the trio, enters into the game in A Man and A Half after being stood up at the altar.  All his attempts to reconcile with his bride are for naught which sends him spiraling in to the arms of all the wrong women only to crash and burn.    Each story is intriguing as it is funny; the antics of the primary and secondary are like none other and at times, over the top. The authors did a good job of highlighting the dysfunctional characteristics of the players and the people in their lives.  In A Player's Paradise, Kenton's friends appear to be needy and envious of Kenton to the point of pathetic in an attempt to emulate him.  With At Your Service, Franklin's mother is a non-working woman whose occupation is the latest scheme, whether it is through the Internet or hustling knock off designer items.  Her hold on Franklin is unreal and her behavior towards Franklin and any woman in his life is a bit much, but then again, this is fiction therefore drama and more drama. The secondary characters, in each story, play a necessary role as you come to realize the demons, which the characters carry from childhood to adulthood, which plague them.    Each author wrote with a mature pen as the conflicts the characters went through jumped from the pages.  You end with some heartfelt emotions towards the three men in question and feel for the women they come into contact with.  Need a release; want to laugh out loud and shake your head, read Whispers Between the Sheets.  Reviewed by Dawn R. Reeves APOOO BookClub     