 Better Than I Know Myself by Virginia DeBerry and Donna Grant highlights the joys, triumphs, failures and pains of Carmen, Jewell and Regina.  As high school seniors each girl dreamed of attending Columbia University's Barnard College, for three different reasons.  All three are different in terms of their upbringings and backgrounds, both economically and sociologically.  When they meet, what develops is a life long friendship spanning twenty or more years. Carmen's background is one of poverty, deceased father, mentally ill mother and an older brother charged with raising her by default.  Her dream is to escape, become a physician and never return to her impoverished home. Jewell is an actress and as a child, starred in a popular televisions series.  The daughter of divorced parents, Jewell craves to escape from the West coast to the East coast to attend college and to withdraw from the status of actress, against her mother's wishes.  Regina is the product of a suburban New Jersey family who has spent her life living in the shadows of her older brothers.  Regina is the ultimate party girl and attempts to find her niche in the event planning business in New York City.  The clichs of the poor girl, rich girl and suburban girl are abundant but not tiring.  These girls have some serious issues to contend with in terms of family strife, maturity or lack thereof, dating, finances and finally their relationship with each other. When the novel opens, you enter into a solemn scene at a gravesite that is dated present day.  As the novel continues, you are thrust back to 1981 and methodically are placed, at the end, at the same gravesite.  As I continued to read I found myself enticed by who was buried there and when I believed I knew who it was, based on the drama that played out, I found myself incorrect and back to the drawing board.   What I enjoyed most is the thorough family background provided and how it plays into each girl's life to tell a rich and developed story.  These characters were truly sisters in spirit despite their beginnings and DeBerry and Grant do an excellent job of telling the story.  Better Than I Know Myself is another winner from this duo. Reviewed by Dawn R. Reeves APOOO BookClub     