 Daddy Was A Number Runner provides a horrific historical and sociological picture of Harlem during the 1930's post-Renaissance era.  The reader travels throughout the daily trials and tribulations of Francie Coffin, an adolescent girl living with her brothers, mother and father, who is a number runner.   Statistically we know of the crime, deviance, poverty, fatherless homes and emerging welfare system but what we do not read about is the human elements; the feelings involved.  Through Francie's own words and her dreams we are able to feel and capture Francie's plight.  While Francie appears to be somewhat nave she is also able to navigate the streets and people within Harlem. Francie serves as an errand girl for her father, gets into scuffles with her friend and is a victim of molestation.  On the positive side she is an obedient daughter and sister, attends school and she loves to read.  For Francie, reading and attending movies at the theater is her salvation from the madness. The book goes one step further to examine Black and Jewish relationships.  These relationships are presented in the form of tenant/landlord, student/teacher, customer/business owner and domestic/employer and in each, the black characters appear to be the victims.  While not harboring resentment towards Jews as a group, the characters demonstrate a dislike towards the individual because in each example the Black character is shown to be subservient towards the Jewish character for survival. The characters portrayed are captivating and one of the books largest strengths is the ability of Meriwether to show some positive aspects of the inhabitants.  Through all of this despair we find love, kindness and support of family and neighbors, male pride, the importance of education, and compassion.  The word community resonates throughout this story and the women are the backbone of this community.   There is no happily ever after and everything is not neatly fixed at the conclusion for there is no conclusion.  What we have is Francie's acceptance of her life and her community but also her ability to still dream of a different life.  Meriwether has provided the reader with an assessment in the life of a small community but does not place blame on one entity. We, the reader, are able to empathize because Daddy Was A Number Runner offers a lesson in history that is relevant today. This is a story of family and the survival of it.     