 White Girl is penned as a "whodunit" but Kate Manning manages to take the reader into the heart and soul of Charlotte Halsey Robicheaux.  Charlotte is a Caucasian woman and former model married to African-American, former superstar skier, turned sports commentator, Milo Robicheaux.   They are wealthy, well known and a target for anyone and everyone seeking fame, fortune and revenge. Meeting at a New England college as the girlfriend of another skier, Charlotte and Milo meet up again five years later in New York City. White Girl is a copulation of Charlotte's reflections of her life with Milo.  Unaware or seemingly uncaring of what others think, Charlotte and Milo marry, have a child and move to California.  Charlotte takes the reader through her childhood in California, her time spent in college, her move to New York City and right up to the tragic assault that leaves her speechless.  Charlotte's reflections are drawn out and tiresome for Charlotte does not see Milo as black; she sees him as just, Milo.  She cannot understand what all the hoopla is about. The characterizations of Charlotte and Milo are excellently developed; I went from pitying Charlotte to thinking "wake up, get a life".  The addition of the secondary characters: the friends, the siblings, the parents and the agent all provide some understanding into the personalities of Charlotte and Milo. These characters are just as complicated as Charlotte and Milo and they are characters that you will love to hate.  What part, if any, do they play in Charlotte's tragic assault?  This is a complicated and tragic story of interracial attraction and love and the inability to see beyond the facade.  Did Charlotte and Milo actually get together out of spite or out of their desire to fulfill a fantasy?   Manning utilizes a skillful blend of every literary technique imaginable.  While the plot was interesting at best, too much time was spent on Charlotte's musings and it would have been helpful to get Milo's perspective on their lives as opposed to what Charlotte thought were Milo's feelings, thus the average rating.....Reviewed by Dawn R. Reeves, APOOO BookClub.     