 Born and raised in Baltimore, Maryland, the Naylor girls are a group of sassy, in your face sisters.  They are the daughters of Edward Zachary Naylor, a strong, dependable pillar of his community.  Edward Naylor raised his four daughters to be strong and independent women after the tragic death of their mother.  One night Edward suddenly dies to the dismay of everyone.  But Edward had a secret and that secret is revealed prior to the funeral causing an uproar with everyone.  At a time when families should be allowed to grieve and rejoice simultaneously, in the devotion and accomplishments of a loved one, the Naylor sisters constantly battle about every detail of the funeral, even though Edward made his wishes known in a copy of his personal papers and his will. I could devote several paragraphs to each daughter, for each has her own story to be told. But I will say this, each daughter has a unique personality and one is not like the other.  Their voices and behaviors leap off the page to the point that you may recognize them.  I know I did.  Renee, the oldest is the married mother of four.  Glynda resides in Los Angeles and is a lawyer.  Collette is a very successful financial planner with her own guilt to bear and Dawn is a single mom of one and a nurse.  Each daughter loved her father unconditionally and to say that his death was a shock is an understatement. Sittin' In the Front Pew offers an array of emotions that I'm sure each reader can attest to in some way. I found myself laughing at the antics, grieving with the characters and rejoicing in their triumphs. The dialogue is realistic and moving because at the heart of Sittin' In the Front Pew is the depiction of a strong, male figure with frailties.  I also enjoyed the memories that the daughters, family members and friends shared about Edward.  It provided insight into the man himself.  I consider this novel an excellent club selection because there is a lot to be examined that only a discussion could accomplish.  KUDOS to Parry Brown for bringing it home!...     