 From the continents of North America, South America, and Africa, Lawrence C. Ross, Jr., delves into the lives of black folks with The Ways of Black Folks.  With interviews and examinations of their lives and spirits, we are able to get a glimpse of black folks living abroad and amongst us.  Ross takes us to different areas within the United States for a look into lives of everyday people, also interviewing some prominent folks.  Abroad, the country of Ghana, West Africa and several of its cities and towns is heavily highlighted as we get a peek at black Americans that have made Ghana their home, the reasons for the transformation and their desire whether or not to return to the States.  Brazil and the cities of Sao Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Miguel Cunto are also in the spotlight. Some of my favorite explorations are:  The Execution of Wanda Jean Allen:  McAlester, Oklahoma; Sex and the Sisters: San Fernando Valley, California (a look into the lives of porn actors and actresses, their world, their desires and their needs; Of Canada, Codfish, and the Caribbean: Toronto, Canada; Books, Books, and More Books: Oakland, California (the founding of Marcus Books); The Lady Harris In Paris: Paris, France (professional tour guide); The Fiddler on the Stage: Chicago, Illinois (an account of the Dave Matthews Band); An American In Brazil: Sao Paulo, Brazil; A Teacher's View of Brazil: Rio de Janeiro, Brazil; Never Felt So Loved: Accra, Ghana; A Women In Search of a Country: Kingston, Jamaica; The Sage of Blacksburg: Blacksburg, Virginia (a look at a reading and writing group within a community village of elderly people which is facilitated by Nikki Giovanni).  There are many other accounts, far too many to list, but I am sure as you read you will develop your own list of favorites. One thing you will receive from this book is an education into other cultures outside of the United States and the way we live here in the States.  With The Ways of Black Folks, Ross has pictured another world for us to look at and to relish; a world some may not have known existed.  This is not a heavy educational text but an informal, innocent, raw and rare look at the lives of our people.  Recommended! Reviewed by Dawn R. Reeves APOOO BookClub     