 Among the many churches and juke joints, Yolanda grew up in a deeply religious home amid poverty, family violence, and dreams deferred. Raised by women, who endured much heartache, Yolanda watched and questioned their strengths, which in turn allowed her to seek out her dreams; this is the memoir of Yolanda Young.   On Our Way to Beautiful, paints a poignant picture of her childhood in Shreveport, Louisiana.   At a very young age she witnessed the shooting of her mother by her father and struggled to understand her mother's forgiveness.  Through her great grandmother, Big Momma, Yolanda was able to at least come to terms with the hand she was dealt. Big Momma, along with her grandmother Honeymoon and her mother, provided a strong spiritual base for Yolanda and the entire family. We are given detailed information about this large family and its extended members and how they helped shape Yolanda. While the woman appear to be strong willed, the men come in an assortment of personalities and strengths from God fearing, athletic to almost timid and nave.  They too lived off of the wisdom of the women in this family.   Through vivid imagery, we are able to witness Yolanda and her classmates' integration into a junior high school on the other side of town; how Yolanda tries to make the best of the situation and her attempts to fit in.  Her mother...."Let me get this straight, you don't have a pot to...in or a window to throw it out of, but you want to put a forty-two-dollar shirt on your back?" "Don't try to dress like you've arrived until you do."  "The novelty of being "in" was short-lived, especially after I discovered that being "in" didn't make you equal."  I truly loved the wisdom that these women provided to a young Yolanda and by their grace and through the grace of God, this young woman was on her way.  . With a very lyrical prose, On Our Way to Beautiful is peppered with metaphors and similes that will force you to stop and savor their meanings.  This is a touching, engaging and somewhat humorous account of one young girl's Southern life.  When I finished I was forced to ask myself how Yolanda succeeded in her endeavors.  I now know the answers to that question...     