 I bought this in June 2004 and have used it 3 times. I have not owned other tow-ables, but did ride a similar 5-person "wiener" at a resort many years ago. The Triton-3 is mostly well designed and reasonably well crafted. I think it will hold up under hard use. It's a great value, especially if you search for the lowest price. Despite warnings in the owner's manual, the fun of this thing is being pulled fast over the wake and eventually getting dumped.  It's neither too tippy, nor too stable. The speedboat driver needs to work at it, but he will be able to topple the riders. In my experience, the main danger is getting another rider's knee or elbow in your teeth or other sensitive place when wiping out. The built-in "rooster tail" device increases visibility, but only works at medium or high towing speed. They provide a little "chock" that prevents the rooster tail device from getting deformed when you store it in a hot place. Oddly, it's made out of cardboard, so once it gets soaked or lost, you'll skip this precaution or make a proper chock out of stiff foam. The bright blue & yellow shell is highly visible and looks great.  Used safely, it's TONS of fun. If you have a lot of guests on your boat, it's nice to pull 3 at a time. You might get away with 4 or even 5 small kids. It's rated for 3 passengers, 510 lbs.  It weighs about 25 lbs. and deflates to a size of 15" x 18" x 7" (as you receive it). With a (not included) tow rope & inflator, it fits easily in a duffel 14" diameter by 30" Inflated, it's 3'4" x 11', so it's a lot to stow on your boat without deflating. If you don't have a safe place to leave it onshore, you'll want to set yourself up for fast inflation and deflation. I got a Coleman rechargeable "QuickPump" inflator which can inflate it in about 6 minutes once you figure out how to deal with the footrest valves. The main chamber's "Boston valve" is super for fast inflation/deflation.  But the two footrest chambers have more primitive "pinch valves." They are the same diameter as the Boston valve (about 11/16") but their crude backflow prevention flaps make it hard to inflate or deflate quickly. As an additional minor annoyance, the side valves drift away from their access ports. The nylon shell has zippered access panels so that the 3-chamber PVC bladder can be removed if you need to patch it with the included patch kit or make sewing repairs to the shell.     