 I read FOG many years ago and bought another copy recently to reread it.  The story has stuck with me through the years.  The encounter of the alien with the President just floored me when I read it the first time: "Do you [aliens] believe in a God?"  "We believe in punishment."  How Old Testament can you get?   There are superior powers in the universe -- a chosen race? -- who have judged us wanting and are here to wipe the slate clean to further evolution of more promising worlds.  Or are they?  One wonders just whose side the Planet-eaters and the Benefactors are on. Perhaps they are on the same side and just want to step up the evolutionary pressure on our species. Perhaps they are waging a war between themselves by proxy.  Or perhaps, like Saberhagens Bizerkers, the Planet-eaters just want to eliminate all biologic life in order to advance robot evolution.  Or perhaps, there is an advanced civilization out there that wants to terminate all competing species and have the galaxy all to itself.   The book gives us the counter argument to SETI that maybe the universe is a hostile place and like the a child in the woods, we better shut up or we will be eaten by wolves.  Perhaps, as Arthur C. Clarke has said, the best proof that there are extraterrestrial intelligences in the universe is that everybody is silent.   FOG is a paen to our mother Earth and a first contact scenario gone horribly wrong.  We should not be so naive as to think evolution does not apply to extraterrestrials.  Competition for dominance, territory, reproduction, and scarce resources will always come to play where we ever find life.   Anyone who reads it will realise how precious our planet is and Bear lovingly depicts Earth's beauty through out the book.  To watch the destruction of our planet some of the characters choose Yosemite valley (my choice too) and others are forced to watch from space as The Law (Old Testament again?) requires our species to witness the Crime.   "Don't it always seem to go that you don't know what you have lost til its gone."  Read FOG and you will look homeward rather than spaceward to cultivate your garden.     