 The time I was able to spend actually playing the game was quite entertaining.  It's everything else that's the problem.  The interface, the system lockups, the wait times, the system lockups, the hardware requirements, the system lockups.  I was considering buying a new video card for a few reasons, and the anticipation of this game put me over the edge, since it doesn't support the GeForce 4 series.  But, for all that, the game really isn't as attractive as other titles out there that do support older cards.  When you start the game, after waiting through a series of animated logos and copyright screens, you're stuck with wait times.  Interminable waits when connecting to the account server, huge waits loading maps, and a nice, long wait for shader optimization every time you change your video settings.  Due to the system lockups, I'm positive I spent more time at the wait screens than playing.  Have I mentioned the system lockups?  They're kind of a drag.  Seems to happen to me absolutely randomly during play.  I tried varying my memory configurations and using a few different versions of the video drivers, but to no avail.  Just FYI, my system is an Athlon XP 2900+ with 1.5GB RAM, ATI Radeon 9800 Pro 128MB.  The game wasn't at its highest graphics settings, but performed alright (leaving aside the lockups and missing textures (an ATI problem?)).  The interface is just painful.  In addition to the wait times, there's the key reassignment dance, which requires you to adjust your keys for both infantry and each type of vehicle - land, air, sea, etc.  And it won't automatically reassign keys - first you have to unassign, then reassign.  The particularly fun part is that some keys are assigned in the config files, but not in the GUI - so you actually have to go in with a text editor if you want to change them.  Insignificant little keys like the numpad direction keys.  Seriously, EA, we've had better key configuration interfaces since shooters came out a decade ago.  How could you have come up with this?  I hear they're working on this problem, but didn't address it with a recent patch - which was so full of bugs that it's apparently been recalled, and those who have installed it advised to reinstall their games.  Even without the system lockups (since I hear it works fine on 'most' machines), I can't recommend this game.  The gameplay seems nice, but it's just too much hassle.  It looks like it's going to take them several patches to clean up this mess, so I suggest checking in on the BF2 situation later to see if its potential has been fulfilled.  I'm not counting on it.     