 This book provides an interesting peek inside the American government, but the limitations of its nearly contextless, straightforward, in-their-own-words format reduce its utility. One has no good way of judging, for example, whether President Bush is being sincere when he repeatedly claims that he was reluctant to go to war and did everything he could to vet intelligence properly, or if he simply says it because that's how he would like things to be perceived. Such passages are therefore of little value to readers, who must rely on other sources and their own inferences.      This style interferes with Woodward's greatest strength: his doggedness and perceptiveness as an investigative reporter. Instead, he presents something of a hybrid between old journalism and new, in which the subjects are exceedingly self-aware as they provide their stories, but are granted relentless even-handedness at any opportunity for criticism. Unfortunately, compounding this problem, Woodward simply does not demonstrate great writing ability. His prose can be extremely purple, which helps lead to the same criticism some offered of his book Maestro - it often seems deferential, if not downright reverent of its subjects.      That said, Woodward doesn't seem to take the administration's perspective as gospel, instead passing it along as faithfully as possible for the reader to decide. But one must take them with so many grains of salt that, for better or worse, it's hard to imagine what the original flavor could have been. This book is a case study in why conventional wisdom says that documentaries must have viewpoints.      The content itself cannot help but interest, even if some of the bigger revelations - Prince Bandar's access to the administration, the intensity of Cheney and Powell's conflicts - have already been discussed endlessly in the press. There are still many revealing tidbits to be uncovered, such as Bush's implied comparison of Iraqis to Jews in concentration camps, wishing to be bombed to end Hitler's madness, or Rice's relative weakness before the forceful personalities of Cheney and Powell. And, of course, simply getting a brief look at the inner workings of the White House, Pentagon and even CIA field operatives is fascinating. But I can't help thinking a drier, more analytical, investigative account with more context would be even more illuminating.     