 If you're using a DSLR compatible with EF-S lenses, Canon already has the 17-55 and 17-85/IS, but there's still plenty of reason to go for this L lens.  It's an investment in the future (assuming 1.3x or full-frame crop cameras get cheaper sometime soon), and Canon's top-line lenses hold their resale value extremely well.  But the biggest reason is simply quality.  Those other lenses are pretty good, but just can't quite match the wonderful color, contrast and sharpness of the 17-40 across its range.  There's a touch of barrel / pincushion distortion at the ends, but barely noticeable and easily remedied.  The range is incredibly useful, whether as a 17-40 on a full-frame, 22-52 on a 1.3x, or 27-64 on a 1.6x crop camera like the Digital Rebel or 20D.  On the latter, it's merely wide rather than ultrawide, but if you've been walking around with something that bottoms out at 24 or 28mm, you'll probably be surprised at how much you missed that wide angle.  Yes, the long end doesn't go very long, but in my opinion the range you gain at the wide end is more valuable.  Focusing is fast and quiet, with full-time manual focusing ability (even in autofocus mode), and build quality is excellent.  It feels very solid and weighty, but not at all heavy.  It includes a gel holder in the rear, but can take 77mm front filters as well (and the manual recommends one in order to complete weather-sealing in the front).  I'm not really a fan of Canon's finish for black L lenses, but it looks quite impressive, and has the famous red ring of an L at the end.  The big, oddly-shaped petal hood is a bit unwieldy, and has to be stored separately from the lens if you want to fit it easily into most camera bags.  An alternative would be to go with primes, which can be faster, cheaper, and even sharper, but not so much at the wider end, where they tend to be weighty and involve some major tradeoff (not the least of which is that, of course, you'll need at least a couple to cover this range).  If you want a high-quality one-lens solution to walk around with, particularly for travel photography, this is it.     