 First off I've never been a real huge Judas Priest fan.  I am moreso then most people.  I like somewhere around 40 to 50 songs by them so I guess I am a fan.  I've just never liked any of their albums in their entirety.  They do have some really good songs and most of their albums at least have four or five of them.  That being said this album didn't have one.  I pretty much expected a good number of the songs to be the way they were, ok but nothing special.  I didn't think that this is how good the best songs would be.  Even the ripper albums at least had a couple songs on each of them that I enjoyed.  I kinda wish they had remade Cathedral spiral and put it on here. The songs on this album are pretty much equal to some of their lesser extra songs on their older albums  The first track Judas Rising has kinda a big sound but that's where it ends.  a lot of people say it's the best song on here but it just doesn't do anything for me.  The next three deal with the devil, retrabution, and worth fighting for were a little better, but I could tell right away how much I would like them.  Worth fighting for is probably the best out of the bunch although deal with the devil would've been the better song if the chorus had been better.  The rest of the album really doesn't do anything for me.  I like the drumming in hellrider but the song itself is kinda dull.  The only other noteworthy song, in this case it's not a good thing, is lochness.   As another reviewer put it it's the song that never ends.  I love long songs, bands like Dream theater, Guns N'roses, Rush and Pink floyd have put out some good ones, but in order to make a long song good you have to do something to keep the listener interested.  I think every long song that I like has either incredible or at least really good music.  This one doesn't.  I know JP can put out a good long song the above mentioned cathedral spiral was a really good one, but this one just doesn't do it.  If you like every Jp song ever released then you will probably like this one, somewhat, but if you're looking for something equaling nightcrawler, electric eye, or victum of changes then you'll be disapointed.     