 First Off you have to keep in mind the time and what the music scene was like when this album came out, this'll actually go along with those people who say they sold out.  In 99 hard rock/metal was dead, at least as a mainstream form of music.  Bands either went more alternative, releasing soft pop albums, pearl jam or they tried a more industrial approach, smashing pumpkins, rob zombie.  And while hard rock was trying to make a comeback, unsuccessfully except for system of a down, disturbed, and sevendust, and godsmack would've been ok if they weren't copying alice in chains, most bands refused to make rock albums at this time  So we get Megadeth's risk.  First the good points. Prince of Darkness is a cool song that I think should appeal to Megadeth fans, Seven was sort of a hard rock song, unfortunately it was only an ok song, but with this one you have to take what you can get.  The two time songs together make a pretty good song, the first part being an acustic song, with the second being a bit harder.  I don't really understand why they were seperate songs.  I don't think either can stand on their own.  I did like the songwriting on this album, just not the sound.  I liked the fact that they wanted to try some different things.  Now the bads Unfortunately trying different things included a lot of doing what everyone else was doing in using elencronic elements in songe like insomnia, and speaking of that song it still could have been cool without that stupid screaching violin or fiddle or whatever that was.  It really got on my last nerve and ruined the song for me.  They also came out with some cheesy softer alternative sounding songs like breadline and exstasy, which if the foo fighters had done them they might have been better songs, but Megadeth doing them around this time proved to me that they were selling out.  Oh I didn't even get into the crap that is crush em.  An industrial/techno sounding song with a really stupid/cheesy chorus.  God if I never hear that song again it'll be too soon.  I don't have a problem with a band trying new things, and even growing.  I can imagine it would get tiring doing the same stuff over and over again, but don't get rid of what made you a great band.  The simple fact is the fans buy the cd's and the fans should get what they want, and most Megadeth fans want a metal album.  I know you can't please everyone, but if they had just ditched crush em and that doctor song and that arena intro to crushem and put a couple of metal songs on there I think more people would have given this album a chance.   I almost forgot wanderlust and I'll be there.  I liked most of wanderlust.  I thought the chorus was ok and I like some of what they did in that one.  I just don't like the vocals in the verses of the song.  They consist mostly of Dave whispering.  I'll be there musically was ok and I liked the vocals.  The lyrics just weren't Megadeth and I really couldn't get into that one.     