 Moreso I had to respond to the last reviewer. Someone's been reading a transcription of an interview on a Stargate website. What they call the ninth season and anything after it is NOT the same show. Actually I wouldn't care about them keeping on with the pot of gay that is the show if they had killed off Baal in this season so everything would be finnished. I really feel the same way about it as I do atlantis. They should've concluded the stories that were big parts of the show, atlantis, and the fact that they left Baal alive on sg1. I'm sorry but the current program is NOT sg1. Oh and except for that new chick they added the new characters suck. I guess the general's ok, but mitchell's a bad O'Neill wannabe. I really care nothing for the ori either.  Uh, now that that's out of the way this season's ok. I got tired of the spaceship episodes. Someone should tell them that this isn't star trek or battlestar or whatever the hell show they're trying to be with that. It wasn't tooo bad on this season, but the next one is real awful. Moving Jack to a general was a good way to deal with Richard's reduced role, but I thought this would lead to more off world missions again. It sadly didn't. The trust stories got on my nerves, except for the last trust episode, which was really good. They brought mayborn back, and Jack got to go off world again, and fly an atlantis ship. That sound those ships make reminds me of the jetsons. I thought they overdid the replicator's a little, but overall that story was decent, not a huge replicator carter fan though. I really think they should've finnished that story long ago, but better late then never. I still say, one of my biggest gripes, they should've found atlantis on this show. It was a huge story arc that they left unfinnished. I enjoyed the episode where sg1's presence starts a planetary civil war. I would love to see a remake of the movie, which has nothing to do with this season except it would've been more interesting then the finale.  If you like sg1 and have the first seven years then this is a must. It's an ok last season of a once great show. I am glad they ended the ga'uld and replicator stories, except baal. At least this show was able to somewhat conclude.   I still got tired of seeing Earth bound stories.     