 Awh if only I could give it a zero.  Why is it every time a show is successfull the producers feel it's necesary to make a crappy spin off.  My first complaint is that they concluded a mojor story arc of sg1, the whole lost city thing, here on this show. Had they ended the story on sg1 and then started this show I wouldn't have cared about whether or not they did this show.   It'd be one thing if it had been just an episode or two, but it was spread out over several, starting with the sixth season finale.  Then throughout the seventh season of sg1 the topic came up several times.  It was a big deal and then they never found it.    Second this show's not nearly as origional as sg1.  That was a creative show, including the movie a premise of people of today exploring other planets not through a ship or with fansy technology but through a portal of sorts.  Then having all of the mythological gods turning out to be aliens, very creative.  On this show you get the same traveling through the gate except this show's a lot more sci fi then sg1.  Whereas sg1 had opertunities to have some nonscifi storylines such as the n.i.d. this show seems to have little room for growth.  The crew's stranded in another galexy on an alien planet in an alien city fighting aliens, one of which reminded me of marolyn manson who eat people.  I think I saw this on buffy, or was it angel or the x files oh who cares.  My last of many complaints is that I didn't find the characters that likeable.  Granted they've only been around for a little over a year now, but there was nothing to make me want to watch every week.  Aperantly I'm not the only one who thinks so since they've already got rid of one of them.  If you like the show already then there's nothing new you already know what to expect.  If you don't I'd recomend something else anything else.  Someone should tell these people that just because it works once doesn't mean it'll work in a more sci fi version.  Try being origional for once.  That's one of the things that made stargate on of the best shows ever and that's what makes this show just another spin off.     