 This cd is a perfect example of why bands should be evolving and changing their sound instead of staying with the same old thing.  Don't get me wrong their old stuff was great, but if you're going to pull something like this then you should at least keep things changing, instead of doing the same old thing.    First off I knew there was something wrong with this one when I saw korn and godsmack in amazon's featured items to go along with this one.  At the time when this one came out I knew the self titled one real well, but I don't remember how well I knew the others.  I know I got them all around this time period but I didn't apreciate the older stuff untill a little later, hell It was just last summer when I realized kill em all was a good album, aside from the four horseman and seak and destroy that one took me a while.  My lack of Metallica knowlage or apreciation at the time led to me not being too shocked with this one right off.  Because of this I feel I can keep an open mind about this cd.    It's definately not a metal album, hard rock sure but not metal.  There's a really bad country song on here as well as some more horrible songs.  The guitars sound horrible and the drums were non existant.  What happened to the incredible drummer from master of puppets, yes I know it's the same jerk.  For me this album's also tainted by their desire to sue anyone they can.  It took me four years to listen to their old stuff again, although I still haven't listened to their self titled one.  Their guitar solos aren't impressive at all and there's no energy in this album.  They took several years off only to put out this?  There are some good songs on this one and I think if it had been a hetfield solo project, or a new band the album would've done a lot better.  I personally don't like this one.  If you like godsmack or creed then check it out, if not then don't bother.  If you're a new metallica fan stick with their eighties stuff and disc two of garage inc.  Their self titled one is ok but a little poppy.  This one just sounds like a load, of something else.     