 First off if you're a fan of the show I definately recomend this season.  This season of Staargate was by far the hardest one for me to like.  After a while most of the season has come to grow on me.  The return of Danial was probably the best thing about this season.  Jonas grew on me too, but come on season six would've been even better with Danial.  They still bring him back for an episode later in the season.  I'd like to know why when the two part beginning to this season was origionally aired as one two hour episode why they didn't see fit to put it that way on dvd.  Besides that it's a good episode.  They bring Danial back, deal with the events from the season six finale, and make it a great transition from season six to seven.    Jack wasn't on this season nearly as much as previous ones.  I can understand wanting to quit or cut back on work.  Richard has been doing this show for a while plus other long running shows.  Sometimes they pull off the cournal's absence well and sometimes they don't.  I don't like how they seam to make him dumber or at least less informed as in the episode where the anubis drones are first introduced.  His first scene is Carter explaining a plan to capture one.  He's the leader of the team, shouldn't he have been in on the planning of the mission.    A major problem I saw in this season was that several episodes would have multiple stories and focus on the weeker of the two, or three.  One such episode is the one where they bring back that stupid scientist guy from season six.  His first appearence in season six was ok, but I had no desire to see him again.  The episode focused on him and Carter developing a computer virus, independence day anyone, while Jack and Teal'c were meeting with Java leaders.  They come under attack, but instead of having any scenes from this other than on a communication monitor we see nothing.  Another is a later episode where Danial's exgirlfriend Sarah/Osirus returns.  The main focus is on Carter and her stupid new boyfriend.  As another reviewer said if I wanted to see romance I'd watch daytime soaps.    Despite these flaws there are some very good episodes in this set.  The two part Fallen/Homecoming was great.  The two episodes that focused on Teal'c were awsome.  The O'neall cloan was hilarious.  They had an episode where they actually explored a planet, it's been a while.  The episode where Danial was taken over by several alien minds was an excelent episode.  I was impressed with Micheal's acting on that one.  The anubis drones were a nice addition.  They kept building tawards the lost city only to not find it, since it was found on the spin off.  They should've at least found the lost city on sg1.  That episode was great.  I also hated the episode introducing the new president.  It was another flashback episode, the worst one yet.  It didn't even have a main character in it.  As I was saying before this should've been the end.  They don't have a major enemy, the star of the show is ready to quit and general Hammond and Dr. Frasier left.  It's still the best show ever but it's losing everything that made it great.  Ok so season eight got better in the second half, except for the finally.     