 Actually it probably should've ended at season six or maybe seven, but hey.  I won't bother summerizing the plot of the season, at least as much as other reviewers have.  The first two episodes have their moments.  They deal with Moulder's disappearence.  Unfortunately they seam a little actually quite dull at times.  I couldn't really like Dogget.  There were moments where he was ok, but I could've done without him.  I think if they were going to bring in a new character they should've introduced him in season seven.  They could've used an already established character.  I liked the idea one reviewer had having Scully be the star of this season instead of the dumb new guy.  I hate when shows lose a character and then conviniently bring someone new in to take their place.  I would've liked them to bring back Frank Black from Millennium.  He was in a season seven episode so they could've put him in an episode or tow.  They could've also had Skinner be more of a main character in some episodes.    The Dogget and Scully stand alone episodes throughout the first half or so of the season don't really do anything for me.  Mulder eventually returns.  The second part of a two parter where they find out that he's not quite dead is a pretty good episode.  I liked most of the episodes from here on, but I think they should've had an episode dealing with what happened to him.  I imagine that would've required therapy or something.  Besides it would've made for a better episode then the one dealing with dogget's son, a waste of an episode.  They should've done that one before Mulder's return or saved it for season nine.    I also would have like it if they had done some Mulder Scully episodes and scaled back Dogget's character untill the ninth season.  The two part finale was more of a series finale then the actual one was.    I recomend renting this first.  Most of the second half is worth watching, despite the pregnancy thing.  If you decide to buy it I recomend finding a cheeper used copy.     