 This is the beginning of one of the greatest tv series ever.  I can't think of one better.  The pilot episode picks up where the movie left off and in my opinion does a nice job of that.  It is one of the all time great episodes of the series as well.  Lots of action, a great story, and a nice surprise for guys.  If you have younger viewers rather then skipping that episode like someone suggested just make them skip that part.  It was kinda an important part.  This season deals a lot with exploring other planets and meeting the cultures there.  It's interesting to see the way the actors origionally protreyed their characters before becoming comfortable with them.  I like Teal'c a lot more from season 2 on.  Not that he wasn't cool in this one.  Some foundations for later stories are started in this season.  One episode we learn a little about Thore and I think there's a brief mention of the azguard.  We meet the Tolen, and the nox.  Apothes and Hathor are introduced as bad guys although thankfully Hathor wasn't around too long.  I didn't really like her.    Stand out episodes include, Children of the gods, Enemy within, I think that's the name, the episode concludes the story of a gauld infiltrating one of the sgc members.  Thore's hammer, the nox, and the season finale which is part one of another all time great episode and I can't remember the neme of that one.  SG1 goes to try to stop an invasion.  If you're a fan of the series then you already know how good it is and wheather or not to buy this.  If you're new to the show then this is the season to get.  I recomend watching the series in order because they mention and go back to events in previous episodes so it's good to stay caught up.  I did have a couple sound issues with my set.  In the nox apothes has no voice and the same happens on a video Jack watches on an episode where he's aged.  Oh Blooklines is also another good episode where we meet BBra'tac and Teal'c's family.    I highly recomend this set.  This is the best tv series ever and therefore the most worthy of purchasing on dvd.     