 This was the last Pearl jam cd I really got into.  They've had several good songs come out after this one, but they haven't managed to put out an all around good cd.  The songs on this cd were pretty easy for me to figure out how much I would like them.  There was only one song I wasn't sure of.  Other then that the songs are either really good or really bad.  1. Last exit 9/10 - I love the opening drum beat, very catchy.  It's an all around good song. 2. Spin the black circle 8.5/10 - This one is a catchy fast paced rock song.  It's pretty simple, but a good one. 3. Not For you 9.5/10 - Another catchy drum beat.  It's softer then the previous two.   4. Tremor christ 9.5/10 - I like the guitar riff in this one. 5. nothingman 10/10 - a touching emotional slower song, great lyrics. 6. Whipping 9/10 - Like Spin- another catchy faster one.  It goes great after the previous song. 7. I don't remember the name to this one.  It's not an actual song from what I remember, and really serves no purpose.  This is also where the cd starts going downhill. 1/10 8. Corduroy 10/10 - My favorite song on the cd.  The opening riff fades in slowly building up to a louder guitar riff.  Great rock song.  I love the lyrics in this one as well. 9-10 I don't remember the order for these next two.  I think bugs is 9.  I absolutely HATE this one.  It's one of two songs on here I hate.  What drug induced state were they in, not just to write this but to put in on the album 1/10?  Satan's bed I'll give it a 6.  It's an ok song, the only one I had trouble telling if I would like it or not.  I really don't remember it that well except for a wierd sound at the beginning, but I remember it being ok. 11. Better man 8.5/10 - It took me about five years or so after they stopped playing this one on the radio before I could listen to it again.  This song was HUGE.  I remember several times flipping radio stations and it'd be on two or three stations at the same time.  It's a pretty good song I don't mind hearing, but after the radio killing it it'll never be a personal favorite. 12. I don't remember the name to this one either.  It's just a little instrumental that again I don't really care for and it could've been left off. 13. Immortality 9.6/10 - another favorite of mine.  I like the acoustic guitar solo.  It has a cool sound to it.   14. I don't remember the name to this the other song on here I hate.  I would say it's one of the worst tracks I've ever heard on a cd.  I probably hate bugs more because it's in the middle of the disc, but this one is definately worse.  So all and all a good cd, somewhat marred by a couple bad tracks.  it's still a great buy.     