 Okay, the whacks first then the good stuff. First whack:  The intro-opening movie thing just really needs to go away.  It was aweful!!  It had very little to do with the story and even less to do with making me want to play the game!  From crappy leaves to odd duck looking things to that terrible screeching pseudo-song as the movie goes on (and on and on and on. . .), the intro just needs to be trashed and redone completely. Second whack:  The camera angles are really lousy.  Sure, you control the camera, but that's just it; you spend most of your time trying to manipulate the camera to look at the monsters and generally end up getting whacked, yourself.  There are areas in the game that are so difficult to navigate woth the odd angles that you invariably end up quitting and coming back to it.  Half the time the camera's not even looking in the direction you're running.  VERY annoying! Third whack:  The mapping is nice and all, but it is ENTIRELY too easy to fall off a ledge.  Sure, it's possible to fall off a cliff in real life, but in real life I don't control my actions with a 3/4 inch button. . .  Sneeze and you're history. Last whack: This is actually a two parter- 1) the words on the screen are only acurate about 60% of the time with the words being spoken.  Did we get 2 different translations?!?  If so, let's pick 1 and stick to it. . .  2) The attributes given to various armaments in the menu rarely matches what you actually get.  It will say you're getting one thing, then you get something totally different.  Again, annoying. Praise: The gameplay is quick- you change weapons with almost every encounter.  There are lots of things to buy from the creepy elephant-man shop owner and most of it is upgradeable.  The bosses are not ridiculously powerful and the monsters are actually manageable.  The game actually allows you to win on ocassion. The graphics are pretty good and the colors are lively.  The male character looks realistic and the female looks almost so, except for the fact that her wrists are like a foot long. All in all, I would tell you to rent it first.  Otherwise I would tell you to buy Legend of Lagaia. . . Except LOL can't recognize the PS2 mem cards. . . Bummer.     