 FIRST, A WORD ON HEALTH CARE PUBLICATIONS- When looking for a book on almost any subject, it's always a good bet that DK books will have one on the subject. And whereas the overwhlming majority of them will be accurate in their presentation, it is good to remember that ALL information about health is subject to regular change and update.   Unfortunately, Doctors and nurses simply don't have the time needed to constantly pour over new journal articles and go to seminars.  This is why WE must keep OURSELVES informed by doing just that.  Medical libraries are FREE for use by anyone in this country that pays their taxes and their staff knows this and are more than happy to help you learn how to use them.  They know that by doing this we are not only increasing our own knowledge of current practices and procedures, but we are actually creating an invaluable resource for our healthcare providers.   If your Doctor tells you that you have a condition that they are not familiar with, go to the medical library and look up any journal articles that have come out in the past year on the subject and make two (2) copies.  Take one to your Doctor and keep one for yourself.  The positive response you get may surprise you, and it will certainly prove to your health care provider that you are interested in being proactive in your recovery. THE REVIEW!!  As a Clinical Massage Therapist and Father, I can tell you from experience that this book is not only well written and contains some really cute pictures, but the information contained within is mostly accurate and very easily digested.  I have heard of both of the contributing authors and can say that both have good reputations in their fields. Why not 5 stars?  For the simple reason that the authors STILL not only illustrate the Indian "milking" technique, but recommend it.  Being the only obvious and unmistakeable flaw in the book, it is excusable, but only just. Indian milking is not only counter productive to the massage itself, but it does physically irreversible damage to the valves in the veins in the arms and in the legs.  You should never, never, NEVER work from hip to foot or shoulder to arm; ALWAYS work with the flow of the vein, or in this case, towards the heart.  To not do so is to force blood to move AGAINST natural veinous flow and can cause the leaflet valves in the veins returning blood to the heart to become damaged and useless. Later on in life, this damage will cause painful vericose and spider veins.  If you have anyquestion of this or of the medical research that proves it, just look on the legs of almost any East Indian man or woman and almost invariable you will see evidence of vericosities.  There are even pamphlets being produced in India that are telling Mothers to work towards the heart to prevent this from happening. Aside from this one problem, this is an EXCELLENT book.  I say that not only because any book that promotes this kind of bonding with parent and child is on my "A" list, but also because the vast majority of the information is accurate and correct!     