 I really don't know what Harvey Diamond had in mind when he started his pyramid scheme (by the same name) in the 80's, but if this book is the end product of all of his research and education, I STRONGLY advise him to actually crack the nutrition books next go 'round!! Between a combination of the lack of ANY form of research and the fact that it is virtually devoid of any realistic, contemporary nutritional guidelines, this book truly stretches the boundaries of what a nutritional guidebook can or should be.  As far as a "diet and health plan", there is none.  It's simply not one of the things they included.  "Be healthy" is really the best advice given.   You can't just "decide" that certain foods should not be eaten together or they cause "toxins" in the body and you die. . .  C'mon!  Do a little math!  Better yet, do a little RESEARCH!!  Not even a lot- just SOMETHING to offer proof that ANY of your theories are based in reality.  Not only do the "theories" in this book not match any in the modern medical community, some are just downright ridiculous!! While this book may be useful as joke material for any and all nutritional educators that happen to pick it up, looking through some of the loosely formulated (and completely unsubstantiated) theories in the book, it makes me wonder how many people's health has been ruined by listening to advice of this calibre.  "Don't mix different kinds of proteins". . . WHAT?!?  "Don't mix proteins and carbs". . . Brilliant. . .   "Eat ONLY fruit before noon"?!?!!  Here's one Harvey, why don't you tell people to just avoid food altogether so they can just starve to death instead of leading them into full blown Diabetic keytosis!! Why did I give the book one star?  Simple.  A bright red skull and crossbones with the words "DANGER-LIFE THREATENING ADVICE" wasn't one of the options. Don't agree with what I have to say?  Don't take my advice.  Call your doctor.  Call a nutrition counselor.  Call the lunch lady at your kid's school!  Call ANYONE that might know more about nutrition than your average New York taxi driver because it's obvious that Harvey Diamond doesn't, and that makes this book dangerous.  It started out as a fad diet connected to a pyramid scheme and it made Diamond rich enough to continue to market this awful, misleading book in to the present day. I strongly recommend AVOIDING this book.     