 The following is a true story.  The only proof I have to offer is that I have absolutely nothing to gain by lying about it. . . In september of 1996, I walked into my boss's office and informed him that I wouldn't be back the next day.  I have a feeling that he knew I wouldn't be coming back the next week. .  Or the next month, either.  As a  7-year member of a Fortune 500 management team, I had to deal with some fairly stressful situations.  I needed a break.  A big one. Brian, the understanding boss, stood up, shook my hand, turned around and took this book off his shelf.   "I've always wanted to go" And with that he, almost sadly, handed me the tome. I went home, cancelled my paper, had my mail stopped, made arrangements for a neighbor to feed my fish and started packing. 2 kites, 1 touring bike, 1 fly rod, 1 fly vest, 3 changes of clothes and 1 plane ticket later I was sitting staring out the window of a largish plane listening to a Nun tell me about the last flight she'd taken (from Ireland) and how she got air sick.  This was to be her second flight. Now the point of this little aside -  Over the next 8ish hours, the Nun and I (she didn't get sick) read every page to one another.  She had lived in Ireland for 40 some years and still hadn't heard of all the palces and sights in this book.  It's that good.  I visited small out of the way places that I figured would be overrun, only to find that they were just as had been explained in the DK book.  I even took 2 walking tours with my new friend in the habit.   The book doesn't pretend that it will have every B&B listed in it's pages, nor should you expect it to.  the "Bord Failte", or the "Irish Board of Welcomes" puts out a comprehensive listing of all B&B's in the country that are approved as far as having met their requirements.  Anyway, pick that and a 10 punt phone card up at any news dealer in the airport even before you look for a cab. As far as good pubs, just wait until 6:30 and hook up with the frst large group you see walking around.  They'll be glad to take you with them.  The whole country is just sickeningly friendly.  And they're not looking for a tip.  I had a waitress run to catch me on the street when I left a tip at my table.  Had I been listening on the plane, the book explains who does and who doesn't expect a tip, where to hail a cab, the best places for lunch, what you want to do and why. 3 months later, I returned home with a completely different attitude about the world. Anyway, the book has well earned it's stars as far as I'm concerned. I can strongly recommend this book. . . And Brian?  You should have gone.     