 It was astute on the part of the publishers at Bella Books to differentiate between their usual fare and Bella After Dark.  BAD, as the acronym indicates, moves more to the erotic.  BAD books are meant to arouse, and they tend to harness the heavy equipment.  But as Kallmaker states, "Nice girls do."  So why is Kallmaker, the Mistress of Romance, writing for BAD?  My answer to that is that she can, and she does so rambunctiously.  Although this is Kallmaker's first full-length erotic novel, it's still romance at it's best.  Brandy, a lesbian, is an aerobics instructor at an all-inclusive Florida resort.  Tess, also a resort employee, is her best friend.  Tess is straight, caring, fun, and alluringly hormonal on a particular day of the month.  Both women take advantage of the endless stream of attractive, eager, and available vacationers.  However, on particularly stressful hormonal days, Tess can't seem to find a man that can keep up with her.  Therefore, she turns to her best friend for help.  Brandy, nice girl that she is, willingly accommodates.  Brandy and Tess continue their friendship without incident until an exclusively lesbian travel group books the resort.  Brandy is in heaven.  Over 300 lesbians descend upon the resort, which leads to a very entertaining situation for Brandy. Most writers then would  proceed to describe one encounter after another, but not Kallmaker.  For all it's erotica, and there is plenty, this is still a Romance with a capitol R.  What makes Kallmaker different from other writers is that she captures not only the mechanics of a situation, but the interior motivation and dialog that so many other writers miss. Therefore her characters become likeable or despicable depending upon their motivation and interior intricacies.  She manages this seemingly effortlessly.  As a romantic, Kallmaker also illustrates that committed love can be the most erotic act of all.  In Kallmaker's world, the interior feeling of love enhances the physical expression of lust.    I don't mean to complicate the book despite its finer points.  Bottom line, if you're looking for a fun book and a steamy read, this is the one.  My only complaint was that, just like vacation, it ended too soon.     