 Painted Moon is the quintessential lesbian romance novel.  It rivals Curious Wine and Desert of the Heart as the benchmark of the genre.  Like a favorite old movie, it doesn't matter how many times you visit it, know the plot, memorize the lines, experience the outcome, it never disappoints.  It's that good. Artist Leah Beck has hidden herself away in a mountain cabin mourning the untimely death of her long-time lover.  Her grief has left her angry, guilt-ridden and creatively bankrupt.       Jackie Frakes is an aspiring and talented young architect working towards her license at a large San Francisco firm.  She's trapped in a world of cookie-cutter designs and questionable professional ethics, but knows that it is the consequence for the choice she made when she decided to follow her boyfriend from Boston to the West Coast.   Upon her mother's urging, Jackie plans to spend Thanksgiving with relatives in the mountains as a brief respite from her work-a-day world and her weekly 3-hour commute to visit her boyfriend in San Jose. On her way up to her aunt and uncle's mountain cabin, Jackie gets caught in a blinding snowstorm.  Driving a vintage MG that her boyfriend insisted she buy, Jackie winds up stranded on the side of the road. Enter Leah Beck, who begrudgingly rescues her.   With the storm raging, power lines down and no alternatives available, Jackie and Leah are forced to spend Thanksgiving and much of the weekend together.  Their brief encounter changes both women's lives irrevocably.   This story has it all: chance circumstances, intriguing setting, faithful dog, haunting dialog, disapproving friends, and among the best sex scenes every written.  Kallmaker teases the reader, building enough romantic tension to melt an iceberg.  As always, her characters are fully formed and real enough to remind us all of people we know.  Painted Moon may follow formula, but it does so with wit, humor, angst and enough believability to pull it off wonderfully.  For me, this was the book that crowned Kallmaker the Mistress of Romance.    If you buy only one book from this genre, this is the one.  Hunt it down. It's a keeper.     