 Every once in awhile you come across a book that qualifies as literature:  Bastard Out of Carolina, The Color Purple, Ruby Fruit Jungle.  Cat Rising falls into that category.  The fact that the main characters in Cat Rising are lesbians is both a bonus and inconsequential to the story. Although the author, Cynn Chadwick, was born a Yankee (Southerners will know what I mean), she brings the hills of North Carolina into view with a Southern drawl whispering in your ear.  This is a book so rich with language you can hear, taste, touch and smell the story.  This is not to say that the writing is wordy, but it is alive with detail like the way someone leans against a doorway, or how the aroma of cooking fills a kitchen, or the way someone smells when you hug them.  Reading this book is a sensory experience. The story revolves around Cat (Catherine) Hood, an orphan, a writer, a lesbian, and lifetime resident of a Southern small town.  Like all small towns, everybody knows everybody, and they still manage to coexist.  As essential to the story as Cat, is her best friend, Lily.  These two have known each other since childhood, and like sisters they love, embarrass, support and exasperate one another.  The dialogue that ensues between these two is both funny and thought provoking.  In fact, the dialogue throughout this book rings true to the ear and is as much a part of the character development as the action.  It's the relationship between Lily and Cat that acts as the barometer of change that's occurring in Cat's life.  It's a humorous, heart-wrenching, and vivid portrait in which we, the readers, glimpse our own humanity. As much as this book is about self-discovery, it's also a story about family.  It's because of Cat's real and extended family that she is both pushed and thwarted in her journey towards herself and her history.  It may sound odd that a book whose main character is an orphan reflects the complexity of family life, but it does. Buy this book.  Curl up for a good read.  It'll make you laugh and cry.  It's a book that reminds us why we love to read in the first place.  The other good news is that there's a sequel on the way.     