 Fasten your seatbelts, you are in for a great ride. If you love Romance of the lesbian persuasion, then this is a must read. "Unforgettable" is Kallmaker at her best. As always Kallmaker's characters are well  fleshed out and believable. The story centers around a moderately  successful ballad/jazz singer, Loretta "Rett" Jamison who is  haunted by the memories of her past.  At 40, she is finally coming to terms  with the woman she is, compared to the girl who never fit in at high  school.  At her 20+ high school reunion, she discovers that all is not  what it seemed to be when she was growing up.  While some relationships  held more promise than she ever imagined, others were more bankrupt than  even she could have thought.  I forget which feminist said it (Steinhem  perhaps?), that the trouble with being a woman was being a little girl in  the first place. "Unforgettable" carries out that theme to it's  adult conclusion. It's not the theme or the plot that I liked best about  this book; rather, it's the structure and the dialogue, and yes, of course,  there are those sex scenes.  Face it, that's why we buy them, and this one  won't disappoint. Kallmaker, just like a good script writer, introduces her  characters mid-action, mid-sentence, and in this case, mid-dream.  We get  right into the character's head.  Once there, we are ready to suspend our  own lives for a moment and live within hers. Her dialogue is fresh, never  stilted and always right out of today's society.  She even manages to  mention Santana's great comeback with "Smooth," and we get to  dance to Ricky Martin, flawlessly, of course. Sometimes I wish real life  were a little more like Kallmaker's vision.  Women are usually beautiful,  smart and sexy.  Most of the men are gentle and understanding, and the food  never makes you fat.  It's written real enough to make you wonder if it's  not all just around the corner. This book is also just a tad longer than  most of it's genre.  It allows Ms. Kallmaker to tie up all those loose  ends.  I wasn't left wondering, "but whatever happened to so and  so." Therefore, if you love lesbian romance, this one is delicious.     