 Just when you think she can't get better, Kallmaker manages to surprise you again.  This book has it all: the insipid new age boyfriend and the politically driven right-wing Dad, both characters you'll love to hate, two women that you could swear you actually know, those much anticipated senuous sex scenes (No, don't skip to the chapter. It's better if you wait.)and a cadre of circumstances that will leave you angry, breathless, intoxicated and a believer in the power of love. First and foremost this is a coming out story.  It begins with both main characters, Holly and Reyna, denying the depth of their true natures.  Holly believes she's in love with her teacher/boyfriend even though her relationship with him has been waning and unfulfilling for years because he's just so politically correct.  Reyna, an avowed lesbian, hides her identity from the world so that her right-wing Christian coalition father will continue to provide medical support for her terminally ill mother. Kallmaker captures just how cruel people can be in the name of religious or righteous morality.  Considering that we live in an age of terrorism, Kallmaker does a good job of dissecting the mind of those who would have us all believe as they believe.  She does so without making either the father or boyfriend into monsters.  It reminds me of a J.M. Redmann quote that evil is often banal. We know that these two women are on a collision course because the first chapter tells us, but it does not get in the way of Kallmaker developing both of these characters separately.  Holly needs to discover who she is, while Reyna needs to recognize that she can't exist in the vacuum of her father's world. They both need to come out of the place they're in.  As an aside, Kallmaker also gets to show off a little bit of her mathmatical knowledge. Although this may not be one of Kallmaker's most sexual books, don't worry, there is Chapter 11, all 15 pages of it.  Believe me, it's worth the wait.   As always, there is no substitute for Kallmaker.  She's the real deal when it comes to romance.  Buy the book.  This one's a keeper.     