 I would have ranked this book five-star, if the ending had not been so abrupt and unrealistic. A House Divided is a novel with many good contrasts in its themes. Certainly, in almost all Pearl's novels, there is the contrast of the East and the West. Then there comes the comparison of the different generations. In addition, the conflict of the old and the new ideas is also successfully portrayed. People from different class have very difficult behaviours. Throughout the story, the book focuses more on "The rich have the rich's things to worry," a sentence in the first Volume of the Good Earth.  Characters are three-dimensional. Their behaviours are most of the time Chinese-like, though we have to accept the fact that Pearl has been influenced greatly by western romancism love tremendously, being an American herself. I would like to praise the part of the story in which Yuan goes to America to study. I think it is very faithfully written. Perhaps one of the reasons why I prefer this book to its first volume "The Good Earth" is because A House Divided is closer to my life ---- I am a teenager who is studying in a foreign country alone. That is what Literature is all about ---- our life. I truly have reflected upon all the difficulties Yuan has faced during his American studying, and it matches my situation well. If you are a reader who is very interested in Chinese culture, this book is definitely a good choice for you. It has helped me to understand my home country -- China better too. I indeed am surprised by the good work of Pearl Buck. She has indeed shown the West the East well. The story ends in the near-death time of Yuan's father, the Tiger who has treated Yuan extremely well despite his bad temper. However, Pearl ended by writing that Yuan tried to kiss Meiling, the girl who he loved. I do not think this is appropriate in a situation where a person, especialy the father is to die. What filial piety does this Chinese son have? Well, I shall the chance is so slim that it is almost zero percent. Give it a try. I like this last volume the most among the three Good Earth Volumes.     