 With a short but precise prologue, Ha Jin introduces the main conflict in this novel effectively to his readers ---- Lin Kong returned to his countryside home to divorce his wife every year. That did surprise me. Why he had to do that every year? -- The reason is: his wife agreed to his divorce at home, but changed her mind every time when they were in the court. Lin had a difficult decision to make. He did not love his country wife at all, having been away from her for over fifteen years. However, the country wife had done everything for his family - looking after Lin's parents, saving money for Lin and so on. Manna Wu, a girl at Lin's hospital who fell in love with him, had been waiting for Lin to divorce his wife for over ten years. In this way the story develops, with many twists and turns. The main story line is clear. I find it difficult to criticise this story. I would like, if I may, to criticize those negative criticism about Lin's novel instead. The story is set in mainland China in the 1970s and early 1980s. I do understand that the cultural revolution in China has been blamed by a large number of people. However, I do not think Ha Jin wrote this novel so as to blame the destructive ten years in China. Instead, the author set the story in this background that he himself had lived through, to bring out a universal understood theme - love and affection. This reminds of (Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet, though there is a large cultural and time gap between the two stories.) I have always been asking myself what the main characters in the novel are waiting for throughout my reading. At first glance, I thought Manna Wu and Lin Kong had been *waiting* for Lin's divorce and their own marriage. However, I was wrong. In my opinion, what they have been waiting for is under sub-consciousness ---- they are waiting to grow up spiritually and to understand their life better. Lin waited for eighteen years to divorce his wife. He finally was granted the divorce and married Manna Wu. However, the two's relationship did not last long. Manna Wu soon became ill and was diagnosed to have coronary heart disease and that she would die in a few years. The second last chapter devoted itself to reveal to us Lin's deepest thoughts in his heart ---- he has never loved Manna Wu. They "loved" each other because of the presence of this seemed-divine "years of waiting". They fonded each other because they had not understood what true love was. Ironically, the true love lay in no other than the one between Lin and his own wife, Shu Yu. A person in the review section claimed that Ha Jin's novel looked rather like a translated work. Were it translated, I would describe the translator as a brilliant one. There are always differences between the two culturals which have been separated by the Pacific Ocean. Had Ha Jin set the story in America, it would have sounded as convincing as the original script. Further more, from my point of view as a Chinese, I have to admit that Ha Jin has a wondrous manipulation of the English Language. Arriving in American in the middle of the 1980s, Jin has been able to win the national book prize is indeed something not easy. I feel proud of him, and am indeed reassured that Literature is borderless. It is argued that this unfortunate story happened because of the communist China. Although I agree that the Cultural Revolution has brought negative effects to the growth of China, we should not pump out unreasonable anger at it. The reason is because the environment is set there. It is difficult for an individual to alter it. I believe we should look more at characters rather than the evironment they are in. A good book teaches us a good idea. Ha Jin's Waiting fullfiled this. Do give this book a try. I find it enjoyable and hope you too.     