 As I finish this book, I am asking myself, "What was the point?"  There are basically three themes to the book: 1)A biography of John Sperling, the founder of University of Phoenix. 2)A documentary of the creation and growth of UOP. 3)An attempt to persuade the reader to support his "causes." On the whole, each is a miserable failure and a real chore to endure. It is a chore not only from the obviously biased and overly detailed material, but also from the way it is written. It reads with the eloquence of a junior high term paper of "what I did on my summer vacation." Throughout the book he writes, "Unfortunately this..." followed by "fortunately that..." If you were given a five-cent discount for each time either one of these words were used, the book would be free.  The first theme of profiling John Sperling read more like a trashy novel than a biography of a leader. It details his sorted affairs, misdealings, and blatant disregard for anyone but himself. It shows a major diversion from the usual theme of business books where ethics is very important and that it is important to support your fellow human being. The portrait he paints of himself is one uncaring of other people personally or professionally. He demonstrates a pompous attitude in the extreme where he is simply "above" speaking to his family or marrying "his one true love." I simply do not get his point. Does he want us to hate him? Is he trying to say all leaders are scumbags like him?  The book's historical look of the creation and growth of the University of Phoenix was one of its few redeeming qualities. It details the life of the company and its long up-hill battle overcoming resistance from the existing university structure, accreditation boards, and politicians. It is a case study of determination, overcoming obstacles, and creativity. While it is interesting, the blow-by-blow details become quite tedious and require a substantial amount of dedication to complete. The book also lacks objectivity as Mr. Sperling attempted to draw the reader to "his side" in condemning individuals and organizations that apposed him. With regards to this part of the book, the point is obviously to set up himself as a true visionary and some sort of corporate idol while at the same time disparage those who opposed him.  The final chapters of the book titled "Giving Back" detail Mr. Sperling's other crusades that include seawater agriculture, anti-aging medicine, and his war on the war on drugs. His point in these chapters was obviously to build support for his next endeavors. Unlike other real leaders that "give back" by setting up trusts that support society, his giving back means creating companies that he believes will enhance society. If he is correct, it will be he who reaps the rewards in more wealth of course. Most would not call that "giving back" but rather "investing." His crusade on the war on "the war on drugs" is equally misguided. It started, not as a genuine desire to help society but to help his failed politician friend, Dick Mahoney, regain power after having lost out to a "republican." On the whole, the fact that Mr. Sperling titled these chapters "Giving Back" illustrates how selfish and misguided he is. Unfortunately the book is a waste of time unless one has a strong desire to learn how the University of Phoenix was founded. Fortunately everyone else can save their $ and skip it.     