 This is a very good book. Not a great book but very good. Overall I found the story compelling, easy to read, and learned some things along the way. On the other hand, some parts are disjointed and poorly written and I believe a stronger editor would have been able to fix these problems. For the most part though, the book reads well and I enjoyed the story. The great thing about this book is that it takes the reader is able to tag along in the mind of a great climber over his thirty-year climbing career. Because the book has been written not from memory, but from carefully written journals, we are able to see how he thought in the beginning and how he changed over time.  I believe it accurately illustrates the kind of person it takes to reach the top of big mountains. I believe the story of Jim Wickwire is very much the story of great climbers and the story of "macho men" in his generation.  He Sacrificed: His family, friends and career were secondary to the summit. If they are not, he would not have spent the time away from them, and risked his life over and over again.   He shut off feelings: Reaching the summit of K2 and other big mountains even as so many strangers, friends, and a lover die before your eyes. While I have never reached the top of such summits, I cannot imagine that his detachment is unusual of climbers at his level.  He was driven: He could not seem to stop even though he fully intended and proclaimed to give up climbing big mountains several times. The title undoubtedly comes from his seeming inability to stop climbing as so many died around him.  He wanted to make his mark: What drove Jim Wickwire is the same thing that drove Bill Clinton; he wanted to make his mark on the world and to do incredible things that he would be remembered by. Many of the climbs he attempted where to be the first at some specific feat. He has accomplished many firsts though he never reached the level he truly aspired to. These are the qualities of a great man and an SOB. It is very easy to condemn a man one way or another but unless you have walked a mountain in his boots, it is really unfair. I enjoyed having an honest insight into the realities of world-class climbing and it gives me a greater respect for the people who do it.  On the whole, a great book and highly recommended!     