 After a ten-year hiatus in which its fanbase grew immeasurably larger, Star Trek roared back to life in 1979 with the release of Star Trek- The Motion Picture (ST-TMP).  Star Wars had made sci-fi a bankable property once again, so the powers-that-be decided to give Jim Kirk's crew a shot at the big screen.  The result, for many, was a mixed bag.  Over the years, ST-TMP has carried a sullied reputation as a ponderous and slow-moving dinosaur of a movie.  Many even call it "Star Trek- The MotionLESS picture".  It's not hard to see why - there are long stretches with no dialogue.  The film, in which Captain James T. Kirk returns to the refurbished USS Enterprise to deal with an alien threat, features no great space battles, instead choosing to rely on philosophical meditations on questions of identity, self-awareness, and life itself.   I can see the nay-sayers' point.  I can concede that there is not a lot here to get the adrenaline flowing.  However (and this is a big however), I consider ST-TMP to be a success.  Not only for what the filmmakers achieved, but for what they set out to do.  Certainly it would have been easy to bring the crew back to fight Klingons, or use the cinematic scope to feature other great space battles.  The filmmakers instead chose to make a movie that owed more to 2001: A Space Odyssey than Star Wars.  This is the only Trek movie that truly takes advantage of the motion picture medium.  It feels big, and epic, with numerous examples that no expense was spared: long shots of the refit Enterprise;  lengthy sequences of special effects as the ship encounters the alien entity that's threatening Earth;  expansive sets like the recreation area, filled with extras in an early scene; and more.     I like ST-TMP a lot.  Not only does it make you think, it re-introduces you to the characters you grew to know and love on the TV series.  While the movie may not be to everyone's taste, I encourage all to give it a try with an open mind.  This version of the movie is a new cut, and succeeds pretty well at tightening up a lot of the slower spots in the movie.  I will, however, still feel an affinity in my heart for the "special longer version", which was the version previously available on video.  Whether that's on the basis of quality or for sentimental reasons, I can't say.  I encourage anyone interested to watch both and check out the differences.     