 A series that has lasted as long and been as successful as the James Bond movie series could not have lasted this long without occasionally altering the formula.  This approach has resulted in such disparate entries as 1979's James Bond-in-space adventure, "Moonraker", and 1989's deadly serious revenge mission, "Licence to Kill".  Along those same lines, viewers who might have been turned off by the over-the-top spectacle that was 2003's "Die Another Day" are encouraged to check out its predecessor, 1999's "The World is Not Enough" (hereafter referred to as TWINE).  Easily the most dark and morose of all of the Bond films, TWINE has been somewhat lost in the shuffle in the years since its release; it's most likely the least-known of all of Pierce Brosnan's adventures.  Yet I feel it's the best likely candidate for an eventual cult following.  While TWINE has the standard Bond action sequences, silly double entendres, and sexy "Bond girls", those aren't the movie's strongest asset.  Rather, the movie becomes a worthy addition to the series due to the interaction and depth of the characters, as well as the movie's subtly touching upon and drawing on Bond's past adventures, most notably "On Her Majesty's Secret Service" (not coincidentally, the Bond movie that has probably developed the biggest cult following after its disappointing turn at the box office).   After a wealthy businessman is assassinated following one of Bond's missions, Bond is sent in to protect the businessman's daughter, named Elektra, from the same fate.  The man behind all of this is Renard, who can feel no pain after a failed shooting left him with a bullet in his brain.  It becomes obvious very quickly that Bond feels a personal connection with Elektra, and a deep desire to protect her from Renard.  Pierce Brosnan, in his best performance up to that point as 007, conveys this deep connection with great earnestness.   I would say its the first time we've seen Bond care this deeply for someone since "On Her Majesty's Secret Service".     As good as the movie is, it does suffer on a few counts - one flaw comes with the casting of Denise Richards as the nuclear scientist Dr. Christmas Jones. Although nowhere near as bad as she was made out to be at the time the movie was released, her fluffy performance, combined with an undeveloped character, contrasts with the serious, thoughtful performances given by the other actors.  And although Robert Carlyle does a fine job as Renard, the character never quite fulfills the promise that the premise of a "man who can feel no pain" holds.   TWINE is a worthy addition to the ever-growing James Bond series, and it makes itself stand out by making the characters,  rather than the explosions, matter.  It gives James Bond an added depth and reveals a new side to a character who has been in the public consciousness for over 40 years.  Perhaps not the best place to start getting into the series, but a rich film that rewards patience and repeated viewings.     