 The last Beatles album released by the group, but not the last recorded ("Abbey Road" was recorded afterwards), "Let it Be" was born out of an extremely dark period in the group's history - the album (originally titled "Get Back")was an attempt to record everything live and without massive overdubs, while simultaneously practicing to return to the concert stage for a major performance, and meanwhile filming all of the proceedings for release as a feature film.  This would have been a tall order for a group that wasn't as fractured as the Beatles had become; in the condition they were in, the stress was fatal to the group.   Many critics seem to think the malaise from the sessions extended to the grooves of the record itself, making this a low point for the Beatles.  While it can be said that the record is more disjointed than many of their other efforts, and that it is not the knockout punch that albums like "Abbey Road" and "Revolver" are, it is still an amazing work.  This is because rather than being an overall success, "Let It Be" gets its power from individual moments on the record.  Leadoff track "Two of Us" is an acoustic number that features John and Paul harmonizing closely in a way that is not found anywhere else in the Beatles' catalog.  When the lyrics of the song shift from being about two people in love to being a reminiscence about friendship and the past, it's hard not to be affected, thinking of all the two singers had been through together.  The well-known title track is a hymn for the pop era, and one of Paul's most heartfelt and soulful compositions.  Paul also contributes the album's two other most well-known songs, the rollicking "Get Back" and the ballad "The Long and Winding Road" (which was drenched in strings by producer Phil Spector for the album's release - something that angered Paul and expedited the process of him leaving the Beatles).   John and George also contribute solid songs - "For You Blue" is a lightweight, upbeat 12-bar blues song by George that is fun and a little bit of a departure for him, and John's "Dig A Pony" might be lyrically indecipherable, but it's a great group performance.   "Across the Universe" is here in a much slower version than on "Past Masters Volume II".  Both are inperfect productions of one of John's best songs - go to "The Beatles Anthology Volume 2" for the best version.   In all, despite it not being the last album they recorded, "Let it Be" does have a distinct air of finality to it.  It may be patchy, and the songwriting may not be at as consistently high a standard, but it is a worthy addition to all the Beatles accomplished.  Beatles fans can take solace that the group's true final statement, "Abbey Road", was one of enduring brilliance.     