 Smile is one great strange duck of an album.  It's the pop/rock album that has always been lurking in the Jayhawks sound in songs like "Waiting for the Sun" and "I'd Run Away".  The group (songwriter Gary Louris in particular) has always had great hooks and catchy arrangements, but here everything gets revved up to the next level.  It would be easy to dismiss this as the happy flip side of the moody Sound of Lies - the band's dark previous album.  While that is in a way true, especially on beautiful, upbeat pop songs like the title track and "I'm Gonna Make You Love Me", the album also contains a lot of dark strains.  Take "Better Days", the best cut on the album and also one of the most downbeat things Louris has written - the song deals with the singer's reflections on the end of the relationship, and regrets he has: "Now I stand in sympathy/Not for her but for me; I could have turned, I could have stayed/But I just walked away; I could have done a lot of things/In my better days."   Dark stuff, huh? For a Jayhawks fan, the first listen to the album can be a jarring one.  On one hand, several of the songs, like "A Break in the Clouds" and the aforementioned "Better Days" are two of the most country-ish things they've done since Hollywood Town Hall or Blue Earth.  On the other hand, songs like "Pretty Thing" and "Broken Harpoon" push the sound of Sound of Lies a little farther out.  And then you hear the drum machines on a couple of the cuts.  Yes, a premier roots music group using electronic beats.  Strangely enough, it actually works, sort of.  "Queen of the World" is driven and enhanced by the beat.  "(In My) Wildest Dreams" feels restrained by it on a chorus that should be exploding out of the speakers.   So, to sum it up, if it sounds schizophrenic, it is, but not so much that it sounds like several different groups are making the album.  Different songwriters, yes.  Different groups, no.  It's good - the melodies are strong, there's a wide variety of sounds, and the songs are mostly memorable.  It's not the first place I'd point someone to communicate the essence of the Jayhawks- but any open-minded fan of the group (and pop music) should enjoy this.  If the review sounds unsure of itself, it's just the way the album makes you feel, okay?     