 "Rainy Day Music", the first album recorded by the Jayhawks since the pop/rock detour of "Smile", finds the group returning to the rootsy sound of their masterworks "Hollywood Town Hall" and "Tomorrow the Green Grass".   It would be easy to label such a move reactionary, considering the relative failure of the band's pop direction, but I think that would be drawing conclusions.  Listening to the songs on this album, it's hard to imagine them adorned with anything but the spare dressings they are given here.  The spare arrangements and instrumentation, in fact, combined with the quality and weight of the songs, give this Jayhawks album an immediacy and a directness that none of their other albums have had, and make this as close to perfect as anything the band's ever done.   The songs that chief singer/songwriter Gary Louris has turned in are uniformly strong, ranging from the quiet, melodic opener (and bookend closer) "Stumbling Through the Dark" (co-written by Matthew Sweet), to the beautiful ballad "For All the Right Reasons", to the perfect, shimmering, chiming single "Save It for a Rainy Day", to the bouncy, tuneful "Angelyne", which some enterprising Nashville producer could turn into a hit.  The Jayhawks have become so good at expressing raw emotions through their music, that by listening to "Rainy Day Music", you feel like you've been where they've been, and felt what they've felt.     The catalog of the Jayhawks is a rich one, containing classics like "Hollywood Town Hall" and "Tomorrow the Green Grass", and notable, underrated efforts like "Sound of Lies".  They've had some very strong high points in their career, so it may sound like tremendous hyperbole to label this album their best.  Yet I can't escape the notion that "Rainy Day Music" is the purest distillation of what the Jayhawks are all about: memorable songs with beautiful melodies, meaningful words, and aching vocals.  All of these ingredients come together in their most potent mix yet, an album that already sounds timeless and that will only get better as time goes by.     