 Often overlooked in favor of the albums that bookended it, "Rubber Soul" and "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band", "Revolver" is a slightly underappreciated chapter in the Beatles' history that may be their most important and crucial work.  I only say "underappreciated" because "Revolver" is not usually mentioned in the same breath as "Sgt. Pepper", "Abbey Road" or the White Album. . .yet it should be, because Revolver manages to be mindblowingly creative, wonderfully written, and extremely well-performed  - yet the songs succeed both as part of the grand scheme of the album, and as individual works.   "Revolver" marks the point at which the Beatles' use of the recording studio caught up with their creative abilities.  "Rubber Soul" marked a great leap forward, as the production got smoother and more varied (especially with the first appearance of a sitar on a pop record, in "Norwegian Wood"), but most of its innovations came in the form of songs that were still in the pop style the Beatles had been working in on their previous albums.  Revolver takes those innovations and expands them exponentially, featuring songs in styles ranging from Indian raga ("Love You To"), to soul ("Got to Get You Into My Life"), to children's whimsy ("Yellow Submarine"), to a tape-loop backed song that sounds a great deal like an early form of electronica ("Tomorrow Never Knows").  Not only is the production creative and the songs diverse, they're among the Beatles' best - in addition to the aforementioned songs, "Eleanor Rigby" and "Here, There and Everywhere" are among the Beatles' best-known and well-loved songs.   "Revolver" marks what might be the biggest creative jump the Beatles took in their short but amazing time together.  Hereafter, they would not be limited by anything but what they could accomplish within the walls of the studio.  This album set the stage for the triumph of "Sgt. Pepper's", and I would argue that this is actually the more essential album of the two.  It's endlessly listenable, creative, and it still sounds fresh today.  In short, "Revolver" shows why the Beatles mattered so much.     