 In a perfect world, a group like The Beatles wouldn't need a single-disc retrospective. While together, the group released thirteen albums, each solid, complete, and essential.  They also released numerous non-album singles, nicely collected on the two "Past Masters" collections.  In a perfect world, a buyer could start at "Please Please Me" and work their way through to "Let it Be", hearing the group progress and grow with each album, and becoming a lifelong fan in the process.   But, as we all know, it's not a perfect world, and everyone is not going to buy everything released by the Beatles (which, really, is okay).  Therefore, people do need a starting point, a place to dip their toe in the water.  "Beatles 1" is that starting point, and it works pretty well.  Limiting the collection to songs that hit #1 either in the United States or in Great Britain, "1" compiles 27 hits in chronological order, with a running time of nearly 80 minutes.  All of this is helpful, because it helps communicate the growth and giant steps that the group took in a mere seven years, going from the simple, basic "Love Me Do" to the beautiful "Long and Winding Road".   There are a couple of flaws with the set, because the strict "#1 songs only" means that the listener is not going to get the entire picture of what made the Beatles special.  Songs like "Strawberry Fields Forever", "Revolution", "Here Comes the Sun", "A Day In the Life", and "Across the Universe" are all arguably essential, and all are absent.  But, including them would have also meant both that the disc would have to become a double disc collection and not be a collection of #1's anymore.  So it's really pointless to argue.   Faults aside, this is an admirable collection, and a good starting point for someone getting into the group; the remastered sound also provides a few surprises for those familiar (or over-familiar) with the Beatles' songs.  Hopefully anyone inspired by what they hear here will be motivated to dig a little deeper into the richest song catalog in pop music history.     