 After releasing a rock-oriented debut album that performed well but unspectacularly, Travis hit on a formula that worked very well for them: melding Radiohead's sparse, beautiful melodies to emotion-rich lyrics, whether they be hopeful or mournful.  With this approach, they produced a masterpiece, 1999's "The Man Who", and a well-received follow-up, 2001's "The Invisible Band".  Not only were these albums well-received by most critics, they were popular hits both in the UK and (to a lesser extent) here in the States.   In the two years since the release of "Invisible Band", several things happened that forced a bit of reconsideration of the group's approach: 1)the world completely turned upside-down, with war and terrorism becoming much more central in the evening news.  Both topics are hotbeds for political discussion, and Travis' singer and songwriter, Fran Healy, comes down firmly in the anti-war camp.  You hear that in a couple of different songs in the album.  2)The band's drummer, Neil Primrose, suffered a spinal injury in a diving accident.  He recovered, but the injury undoubtedly left a cloud of darkness over the band. 3) Another band with a similar approach to Travis, Coldplay, hit it big worldwide with their "A Rush of Blood to the Head" album.  Travis was going to have to do some tinkering to stay relevant.   The first thing that strikes you as the album begins is the sheer "spikiness" of the sound.  It's not calm and overly placid like "The Invisible Band", and that's a good thing.  Strings and pianos take a more central role, especially on the opening track, "Quicksand".  Lyrical content is also edgier; with the first four songs containing a bitter ode from the singer to a lover (or himself) in "Quicksand"; two political protest songs; and a hypnotic ditty about spousal abuse, "Re-Offender".  Fortunately, although he has altered his approach, Healy brings his knack for beautiful melodies, keeping the listener engaged even when the subject matter turns dark or political.  No matter what feelings the listener has about the Iraq war, one cannot deny that "The Beautiful Occupation", with its new wave backbeat and bright production, is a great song; one of the best protest songs of the last decade, easily.  "Peace the @#$% out", another anti-war number, does not come off as well, primarily because of its more heavy-handed approach.   After those first four songs the album becomes a little more Travis-esque and conventional; with the highlights being the waltz-time "How Many Hearts", the pretty "Somewhere Else" and the hopeful "Love Will Come Through".  Despite the fact that these songs aren't as charged and fiery as the songs that begin the album, they are noteworthy and strong.  The album flows nicely between these two mediums.   Reacting to a changed world, Travis have released a strong album, with an approach that works well for them.  The themes may be different, but the songs are as strong as ever.     