 With the Counting Crows taking an average of two and a half years between album releases, it would be a shame if all that time spent writing and recording produced an under-average album.  Fortunately, that hasn't happened yet.  In their three prior releases, the Crows showed a willingness to take textured sounds, thoughtful lyrics, and rootsy production and turn them all into something memorable.  They rarely attempt the same thing twice, moving from the rootsy Americana of "August and Everything After", to the hard-edged "Recovering the Satellites", to the kaleidoscopic "This Desert Life".     "Hard Candy" continues the Crows' desire to push forward with their sound and continue to write intelligent, focused, and thoughtful music.  Although this is clearly the Crows of old, there is one noticable change.  They're not quite as sad - here, they seem to actually be having fun, sounding loose and playful on songs like the jangly title song, the bouncy, summer-ish "American Girls", and the silly, new wave "New Frontier".  It's a good fit for the group.  Adam Duritz, often derided for his dark, sometimes self-loathing lyrics, seems to have things going his way a little more often (although I would still not use the word "happy").  Maybe he sums it up best in the opening lyrics to "Miami" - "I guess I think I feel alright".   "Hard Candy" also features its share of ballads, the strongest being the soft "Goodnight LA" and the Bacharach-ian "Butterfly in Reverse", co-written with Ryan Adams.  Another winner is the coincidentally-titled, The Band-like, "If I Could Give All My Love or Richard Manuel is Dead".     This is a very solid album. Even though I wouldn't say that it's their strongest album, mainly due to the fact that it runs a little long and that it seems a little more like just a collection of songs rather than an actual album, it's still another worthwhile release from a group that continues to grow, expand their sound, and make some of the best American music today.     