 When Spock died, at the end of Star Trek II, did anyone REALLY expect him to stay that way?  Probably not - although the movie was intended to be his swan song.  Think about it - Kirstie Alley was added as the Vulcan Lt. Saavik ( to fill the missing Vulcan need), and Kirk's son David Marcus, a scientist, was introduced to take over Spock's science role (and it makes sense - you really would need two people, if not more, to take the place of such a major character like Spock.  I liken it to the late Eighties, when Lindsay Buckingham left Fleetwood Mac and was replaced by two guitarists.  Notice you haven't seen any calls for that version of the Mac to reunite and tour.  Replacing Spock would probably have gone over about as well.)  This all happened because Nimoy was pretty unhappy with the whole Star Trek - The Motion Picture experience.  He was lured back so that he could finally put his character to rest with a spectacular death scene.  Only. . .he had a great time making the movie.  A few shots were added to "keep the door open", as it were, just in case a deal was finalized.  And sure enough, it was - with Nimoy agreeing to come back if he could direct the next movie.  And here you have . . . Star Trek III - The Search for Spock (TSFS). How I feel about TSFS depends on how I choose to interpret it.  If I look at it as simply a Star Trek movie, it's well done, features some good character interaction, and some genuinely poignant moments.  If you choose to interpret it in the light of the superior ST II, which made a lot of changes, then it begins to seem like TSFS is intentionally trying to remove any of the weight created in Star Trek II.  Although I won't go into all the changes for the sake of not revealing spoilers, here's one: in ST II, Spock sacrificed himself to save the ship and the crew.  He gave his life so that others might live.  All religious overtones aside, what good is that sacrifice, and the subsequent mourning (basically, what good is the last 20 minutes of ST II) if it's a well-known fact that Vulcans can just transfer their consciousness to someone else's body?  Since Spock knew that, why didn't he ever tell anyone?  It's just frustrating the more you look at it, and while retrieving Spock makes for a nice movie, and it does shed more light on Kirk's dedication to his friend, it's all so unneccessary.  And the changes made to the David Marcus and Lt. Saavik characters are uneffective, also.   But, as a movie featuring our favorite Star Trek characters, this works pretty well.  Leonard Nimoy knew the material and handles it like a pro.  The characters all act believably and show a tremendous love and dedication to their friend.  The darker tone suits the movie nicely, and this is probably William Shatner's last understated Kirk performance.  But it just feels like the whole movie is a gigantic formality to get the whole crew back together.     