 This review has been giving me nightmares, mostly because of the unsure feelings I have towards this album.  I like its sound, I like the songs as they play, and I want to like Paul's real first "post-Linda" pop album (to me, Run Devil Run doesn't count, just because it's mostly covers).  So why am I unsure?  Well, for starters, despite all the good points that the album has, like its rough-sounding and spare instrumentation, strong-ish songs, and soulful McCartney vocals, the album still has a few significant flaws.  For one, because the same core group of players play on every song, the songs tend to have a similarity of sound that keeps one from being distinct from another.  Two, at 16 songs (counting "Freedom", a hidden bonus track), the album is just way too long.  It makes it near impossible to sit through in a sitting, and destroys the unity of the album. So why can I not hate it?  Well, to me it feels like Paul began a second solo career with the release of the wonderful Flaming Pie in 1997.  After his experience with the Beatles Anthology, it seems like he decided to take more chances, concentrate more completely on writing a good, memorable song.  So, despite its flaws, Driving Rain is a step forward.  It doesn't sound like anything in his catalog (it's much rougher than pretty much anything else he's done), and it shows that at 60, he's still willing to take chances.  I can only applaud him for that. Highlights?  Despite its dopey lyrics, the title track is one of the catchiest melodies he's written in years - YEARS; "Heather", a pretty near-instrumental piece devoted to the new love in his life; "Your Way" - a nice, countryfied ditty; and "Rinse the Raindrops", too long at 10:00+, but a chance to hear Paul rock the bass harder than he's done since his Beatles days. Lowlights?  "Spinning on an Axis", a song about how the Earth, yes, spins on an axis. The album is different and enjoyable.  It's not Paul's best, but it's nice to see him still making good music.     