 Say what you will about Paul McCartney's post-Beatles career (and a lot of people have said a lot of things) but you have to admire him for following his vision.  That vision may not be as distinct as say, George's spiritual leanings, but it is a distinct one nonetheless.  Paul set out to create perfect pop masterpieces, and bring a lot of fun to the world of music.  Wingspan shows that more often than not, Paul succeeded. Before I go any further, don't think I am saying that many criticisms (half-formed lyrics, childish songs) are not valid, or that everyone (or even every Beatles fan) should get into McCartney's solo stuff.  I'm not.  I will say, though, that for every maligned song, there are a number of fun songs that make you appreciate Paul's worldview and wonderful melodic sense. Wingspan works on two counts- 1: by being divided up into a "Hits" (self-explanatory) and "History" (little-known gems) discs, it helps a novice listener not only get some context for McCartney's success, but also some insight into some little-known tunes from after the Beatles (many of these tunes are, in my opinion, better than the hits).  2, the album helps Paul's solo legacy stand solidly alongside his Beatles legacy.  Not as tall as his Beatles legacy, maybe, but alongside it nonetheless. Highlights of the album: there are a number of them, most of which reside on the "history" disc.  "Maybe I'm Amazed", the titanic classic that got me into Paul's solo work,  finally finds its way onto a Paul McCartney greatest hits disc, leaving me unable to get angry about its absence again (c'mon, would you leave "Hey Jude" off of a Beatles hits collection?); "Take it Away", a galloping number that will make you amazed that "Ebony and Ivory" is the best known song off of the Tug of War album; "Daytime Nighttime Suffering", a great B-side; and "Too Many People", a number that reminds me a lot of Paul's White Album-era work - spare instrumentation, angry, mature lyrics.  The "History" disc is worth the price of admission alone. Quibbles: few, mainly the fact that for many of these songs, this is the THIRD time they have been on a greatest hits.  All the Best had all but two of the songs from Wings Greatest, and Wingspan returns those two songs (Hi Hi Hi and Mull of Kintyre), and omits the Michael Jackson and Stevie Wonder duets from All The Best.  Got it?  Also, C Moon is again on a hits collection.  WHY?!! In all, a great collection, especially if you don't have the previous ones.     