 Abbey Road was the final album recorded by the Beatles (Let It Be was released later, but recorded before).  By the time they recorded the album, they had done almost everything they could do: recorded 11 albums, one a double-album; made 2 movies (Let It Be wasn't released yet) and a television special; had 20 number one singles; changed albums from collections of singles and filler to whole concepts unto themselves; and changed music and fashions an immeasurable amount.  They had every right to be burned-out or creatively spent.  Group relations were not good, and the Beatles had every reason to stop right there and go their separate ways - there was no doubt that they would still sell well on their own.  So, looking at all of those factors, it might be easy to conclude that a final album made in such conditions would be nothing but a rehash of past glories or a cash-in on the Beatles' name.   But those conclusions could not be further from the truth.   Abbey Road is at once the Beatles' farewell as a group and quite possibly the peak achievement in a career full of them.  The music contained within the album is as beautiful, intelligent and creative as anything in the group's catalog.  Although the members may have been at odds with one another, you'd never know it from listening to them - there is more harmony singing on Abbey Road than on probably any other Beatles album.  The members were firing on all cylinders, contributing some of their most top-notch and classic material: John's smoky and bluesy "Come Together", one of his best-known and most well-loved songs; Paul's soulful "Oh! Darling", and beautiful "Golden Slumbers"; Ringo's fun "Octopus' Garden" which showcases his playful attitude and childlike spirit; and George's classics "Something" and "Here Comes the Sun" - pinnacles in his career as a Beatle and finally putting him on an equal plane with John and Paul in the songwriting department.   Abbey Road is also famous for its "side 2 medley", wherein Paul got the notion to take unfinished songs that he and John had and form them into a song suite.  It's the musical equivalent, basically, of taking some leftover turkey and fashioning it into the greatest Thanksgiving dinner ever.  It's not that the songs themselves are bad - they aren't - but it's hard to imagine them having the same power as stand-alone compositions.  In the medley, the whole becomes much greater than the sum of its parts as songs like "Polythene Pam", "Mean Mr. Mustard", and "She Came in Through the Bathroom Window" flow together seamlessly.   In summary, it's wonderfully well-produced, well-written, and creative as probably anything the group ever did.  A great starting place for those looking to get into the band, and a wonderful album for people who just like good music.     