 Pierce Brosnan returns as James Bond after a three year absence, in the first Bond movie of the 21st century. In it, he has been discredited and stripped of his licence to kill, and must track down those responsible. Not the most complex plot, but that's nothing out of the ordinary in the series. Before I say anything else, I am going to come out and say one thing: I think Pierce Brosnan has made some exceptional Bond movies. Say what you will about the series running out of steam or being way past its prime; I think that since 1995, the series has pushed Bond in new directions in every movie that has been made - in Goldeneye, Bond must deal with being a man out of time, whose values really don't fit those of the world around him; in Tomorrow Never Dies, he must deal realistically with the aftermath of a love that he left behind - undoubtedly something which happens between all the movies; and in The World is Not Enough (hereafter referred to as TWINE), he deals with falling in love again - really falling in love, something he hasn't done since On Her Majesty's Secret Service. Following the dark, moody and introspective TWINE, it seems like a conscious effort was taken to lighten things up a little bit. I'm not got to engage in the "this is the best one since..." game that goes on with each new Bond release. I'll just say this: it's Pierce's best. Also, it's simultaneously the most forward-looking and backward-looking Bond that has come in this modern era of Bond films. The opening hour, in which Bond does some detecting to try and restore his name, is tight and well done. It seems familiar, yet feels new. Pierce has really grown into the role, and begins to inject a little of his personality, mostly in the form of some wicked dark humor. Cuba makes a great location, and Halle Berry makes a terrific companion/foil for Bond. The second half of the movie, which takes place in Iceland, is much more over the top than the first, giving it a 'Roger Moore' feel. It is a little jarring, and almost feels like a different movie at first, but things soon begin to fall into place and make sense. Toby Stevens, as Gustav Graves, makes a fine, smarmy villain, Rick Yune, as Zao, makes a great henchman; and Rosamund Pike is a knockout as Graves' personal assistant. There are only a couple of missteps in the whole movie: one, the obvious use of CG in a couple of places, and two, the protracted climax aboard an airplane. Let's just say it gets Moonraker-level silly. But it never stops being a whole lot of fun. A thrill of a ride, explosive, exciting and fun. Do we have to wait another three years?     