 So you're looking to get into ELO, huh? Well, before you go any further, let me tell you this: tread lightly. There are few bands that are more likely to get you taunted for listening to them as much as the Electric Light Orchestra. Why is this? Well, for one thing, the band's sound is. . .different. Cellos are prominent on many songs, science fiction synthesizers bleep, and Jeff Lynne's vocals are distinctive, yet undistinct.  In short, they're frequently compared to the Beatles, and have never exactly been critical favorites. I'm here to ask: why must this be so? Yes, they do seem to have an intense desire to be Beatle-ish; but should writing catchy melodies and having intriguing arrangements be the cause for scorn? I like the Beatles, but I can't write a catchy song like them. Jeff Lynne could - is that such a bad thing? Plus, whether you like the thick, string-drenched arrangements and sci-fi sounds or not, they're still quite different from anything before or since, except for "I Am the Walrus" and "Strawberry Fields Forever". The truth is, if you like the Beatles, don't be afraid of ELO. Think of them as Yoo Hoo to the Beatles' chocolate milk. Both seem similar on first glance, both are enjoyable as they are being consumed, yet chocolate milk is a lot better for you. Does that mean we should scorn Yoo Hoo? Strange Magic, a double disc best-of, is a good way to experience ELO. Personally, I have few hits collections that are more enjoyable to listen to, if any. ELO cut a group of singles that are among the most catchy things put to tape, and this collection puts them in chronological order. I am not much for the 8:00 "Roll Over Beethoven" near the beginning of the set, but once through that, the collection takes off - the insanely catchy "Can't Get It Out of My Head"; the massive hit "Evil Woman"; the fun "Livin' Thing"; the lovelorn "Telephone Line"; the driving "Don't Bring Me Down"; the also ridiculously catchy "Mr. Blue Sky"; and lots, lots more. The set only stumbles near the end, with latter-day material that just doesn't hold up to the earlier stuff. But it probably should be there, just for the complete picture. Strange Magic can help one clear some misunderstandings about ELO. I bought it as a guilty pleasure, but it's become just a pleasure. The group was inventive, fun, catchy. . .and although they may have never had their grand statement in song, a la "A Day in the Life", we can still enjoy their great songs. Maybe the world will one day reach a point where they can look at ELO with irony-free eyes, and realize the only thing to fear about the group is Jeff Lynne's hair.     