 How does a band follow up a classic album, enjoyed by many for its rootsiness and raw emotion?  Well, take three years off, replace the rootsiness with electric instrumentation, and make the emotion rawer.  That, and complain about your newfound fame.  It hardly sounds like a recipe for a successful album, but the Counting Crows make it work for a few reasons.  One, the writing and arrangements.  The songs are well-crafted and the instrumental parts are well thought -out.  This album really seems to be the place where the Crows want to prove they're more than just Adam Duritz's backing band, and they meet this task with inspired, testured, lush sounds, with swirls of organ and guitars.  Two, the album works because of the sincerity of the performances by the singer, Adam Duritz.  Say what you will about the man, his lyrics, and his mannerisms - he wears his heart on his sleeve, and that makes a difference in the way the songs are received. All of the aforementioned strong points are important, because wow, this is one dark album.  Not dark in the sense that it's not good music, because it is.  The opening tracks "Catapult", "Angels of the Silences", and "Daylight Fading" are all great rock songs that are among the best things the group has done.  "Goodnight Elizabeth" is a beautiful ballad where the singer says goodbye to a lover who has been hurt by his life on the road.  The massive hit "A Long December" is also here.  The album is dark because most of the subject matter of the first seven songs (or the first album - this would be a double on vinyl)deals with Duritz's reaction to his newfound fame, and the second side continues in a darker vein, with songs influenced by his worldview.  The kneejerk reaction is to dismiss Duritz, because, after all, famous people are not supposed to be sad, and we don't want to hear about it if they are.  On Recovering the Satellites, though, Duritz invites the listener to step into his world, see what he sees.  The result is, we do feel sorry for the guy. On the whole, I give the album four stars and hang the label "flawed masterpiece" on it.  While I think the album is tremendously moving, it's also a lot to handle all at once, and it slows a bit down the home stretch.  This was the Crows' bleakest moment, and in ways, it's the most powerful they ever got.  If you are attuned to what they are doing, it's intoxicating; if not, probably maddening.  The dark themes would still be present in later albums, but enveloped in an easier-to-swallow package.  If you are new to the group, I wouldn't start here: start with August and Everything After and work your way through chronologically.     