 While 1965's "Help!" may not have been the Beatles' strongest album at that point in their career (I would give the honor to "A Hard Day's Night"), it nonetheless was the most important up to that point in further developing their sound, largely on the strength of three songs.  "You've Got to Hide Your Love Away" showed the Beatles going entirely acoustic on a track, something they hadn't done before; "Ticket to Ride" showed a heavier, more textured sound for the group; and "Yesterday" introduced outside instruments (strings) and featured the first time a member performed solo on a track.   "Rubber Soul", amazingly released the same year as "Help!", showed the group continuing to expand and broaden not only its sound, but also its content, delving deeper from simple love songs to political statements, story songs, and nostalgic compositions.  This album shows them working creatively and taking risks, and it results in a seamless listening experience.  Often known as "the Beatles' folk album", the album is actually more diverse than that, although there are some definite acoustic and folk textures.  Outside instrumentation is again heard in the form of a sitar on the well-known "Norwegian Wood", a folksy song which details a one-night stand that goes awry; "I'm Looking Through You" and "Girl" show the group writing deeper lyrics and using more ornate textures and production to wrap them in; "In My Life" is one of John Lennon's most tender Beatles compositions, as he sings of places and people that have touched him in his life; "Michelle" is a tongue-in-cheek pop ballad that showcases Paul McCartney's effortless pop sensibilities; the jangly "If I Needed Someone" is one of George Harrison's best and most memorable compostions, and Ringo even got his first co-writing credit on "What Goes On".   "Rubber Soul" was the Beatles' most accomplished effort to date, an album that showed that albums themselves could be a complete statement, rather than singles and filler.  It set the stage for the excellent Revolver, creating a one-two punch of solid, well-crafted pop that would be unequaled anywhere else in their catalog.  It's an album that is as exciting and memorable as it is creative, and a stand-out in a career full of them.     