 After the long and talky Star Trek: The Motion Picture (hereafter referred to as STTMP) turned off as many fans as it excited, and virtually poisoned the public at large from seeing another Star Trek movie, something had to be done.  First off, the powers that be cut the budget; they hired Harve Bennett to produce, a TV veteran who could keep a tight rein on the budget; and they hired Nicholas Meyer, a veteran who with "Time After Time" a few years earlier, had proven he could handle science fiction convincingly.  Bennett came up with the story idea after watching every episode of the original series to determine what might make for a good continued story.  He settled on 'Space Seed', the story of Kirk's encounter with Khan Noonian Singh, a genetic superman from Earth's Eugenics Wars of the 1990's.  The short story is, Khan falls in love with one of the Enterprise's crew, and turns her to his side as he and his people try to take over the Enterprise. They fail, and Kirk leaves them stranded on the idyllic Ceti Alpha V.   Whew. . .the story Bennett concocted (and Meyer perfected in an uncredited rewrite) was that by a freak accident, Seti Alpha V is turned into a wasteland, Khan's love dies, and he blames Kirk.  Another chance encounter allows Khan to leave the planet and take control of a starship.  Thus Kirk finds himself subect to. . .the wrath of Khan! I'm not going to use this review to take the opportunity to say what's wrong with STTMP, because I am in a minority of people who likes the movie and thinks there is a lot to appreciate in it.  Rather, looking at Star Trek II, it's impressive to see how much went right.  Using only the refurbished Enterprise sets from the first movie (and a sizable chunk of special effects footage when the Enterprise leaves Spacedock), Director Meyer changes a lot both from STTMP and from the series.  Trek II features the red military uniforms that would be used until the beginning of Generations, 12 years later.  It also features the cast acting their ages, something glossed over in the first film.  Meyer also gives the proceedings a more nautical flair than ever seen before.  This actually feels like a ship, a sailing vessel.  And it works nicely. Ultimately, the film is a meditation on aging, loss, regrets, and what those things can do to you.  They can tear you up, like they do to Khan, or you can ultimately become better through them, as Kirk does.  The movie is plotted tightly and is incredibly lean - everything works for the benefit of everything else in the story.  In fact, it's done so well, it was probably the fifth time I'd seen it that I actually realized Kirk and Khan never came face-to-face; also, it wasn't tell I read IMDB.com's trivia section that I realized that the Reliant and Enterprise bridge sets are the same, with slight alterations.  The whole movie is acted about as well as any Star Trek movie to date - William Shatner makes Kirk a flawed, believable character, and Ricardo Montalban, as Khan, takes what could have been a hammy, grandstanding part and manages to create a palpable sense of menace. Star Trek II is a pinnacle of sci-fi/action filmmaking that transcends its roots as a franchise film to just become a good movie.     