 It was probably not an easy thing for Fleetwood Mac to attempt to follow up the megasmash Rumours, which sold 17,000,000 copies in the US alone.  That album was a painful, deeply personal work crafted in the wake of two relationships in the band crumbling.  The band could have taken this approach again, a tactic that might have been too much for the listener.  They could also have gone back to the brighter pop of the self-titled album, a move that might have pleased many fans.  They didn't really do either.  Instead, they took a route that too few successful bands take: they pushed the envelope to make something that was different.  So different that it risked alienating many of the 17,000,000 Rumours-buyers - and that's exactly what it did, going multi-platinum but with only a fraction of Rumours's sales.     In the ensuing years, Tusk has not enjoyed the reputation that Fleetwood Mac or Rumours has had, and that's a shame, because the album is easily as strong as those two albums, although it's quite different from them.  Tusk has on more than one occasion been compared to the Beatles' White Album, and that's an apt comparison.  Both albums are eccentric and fragmented, and on each, the band members (at least the ones that write songs) come through as very distinct, individual personalities, much more so than on previous albums.  With both albums, it takes a few listens for the entire puzzle to fit together (one can only imagine the reaction Tusk got when thousands of Rumours fans put it on the turntable for the first time).     Tusk starts out with Christine McVie's "Over and Over", a pretty ballad that is very much in keeping with her previous work.  Following that is Lindsay Buckingham's "The Ledge", a bizarre fuzz-toned rocker that sounds like it belongs on an entirely different album, produced by an entirely different band.  This dynamic continues throughout most of the album, with Buckingham's paranoid, often dissonant songs (title track, "What Makes You Think You're the One") providing an interesting counterpoint to McVie's pretty declarations of love ("Think About Me", "Honey Hi") and Stevie Nicks' earthy songwriting and occasional mysticism ("Sara", "Sisters of the Moon").  What results is an album that will not be for everyone's tastes, but one that is rewarding for those willing to invest the time in it.     It's not easy listening, but it's fascinating listening.  While Tusk may not be the perfect song cycle that Rumours was, it's still a compelling listen that has the power to surprise with its creativity and weirdness even twenty-five years later.     