 More famous for its stark, white cover than for most of the content inside, "The Beatles" (known more commonly as "the White Album") is a vivid picture of four unique individuals pulling apart from one another to establish their own identities.  In my mind, this is one of the sickest, most far-out albums ever released by a major mainstream group at the height of its popularity, and it succeeds for being so daring.  Gone are the kaleidoscopic washes of sound present on "Sgt. Pepper" and "Magical Mystery Tour", both released only a year prior.  Remaining is a continued desire to experiment with different sounds and styles, but with a more stripped-down approach.     Upon first listen, the album seems cracked, fractured, and chaotic.  It's not until further listens that order begins to reveal itself amidst the chaos.  It's hard to explain, but it's like seeing a design in the cracks of a broken mirror rather than looking at the mirror image itself.  Here, the Beatles try their hand at everything from Beach Boys-style singing ("Back in the USA") to country ("Rocky Raccoon" and "Don't Pass Me By") to music hall ("Honey Pie") to blues ("Yer Blues") to sound collages ("Revolution 9") to sweeping, string drenched show tunes ("Good Night").  They succeed at so much of what they try that it's breathtaking.  Groups based entire careers on the sounds heard on some of these songs.   Another thing that's fascinating about the album is that you can start to see the formation of the personas that each of the group members would be known for after the group broke up.  Paul is upbeat and singing love songs ("Ob-la-di, Ob-la-da", "I Will"); John is cynical ("I'm So Tired", "Sexy Sadie") and political ("Revolution"); George is preachy ("Piggies") and reverential ("Long, long, long"); and Ringo is the jokester ("Don't Pass Me By").  It's amazing that this is the same group that was singing "All You Need is Love" a year prior.   A beautiful, haunting album and a vision of group unity starting to decay.  If you're looking to get into the Beatles, this may not be the best place to find out what they're all about, but don't consider your collection complete until this album is part of it.     