 Really, has any Bond movie received the kind of scorn reserved for this one?  Well, besides A View to a Kill, that is.  It seems that no one likes this 1979 Roger Moore effort.  As a lifelong lover of all things Bond, I followed the hype and stayed away from this movie like the plague for years.  I mean, BOND GOES INTO SPACE?!!  I can suspend my disbelief with the rest of them, but not to that extent.  So a few years ago, having rewatched all the Bond films, I needed a little something extra, so I rented an old, fullscreen VHS copy of this film.  And you know what?  I had a great time. Now, by "had a great time", I don't necessarily mean that I was blown away by the intricate plotting, or the suspense in which I was held throughout the film.  Rather, I just enjoyed what was going on on the screen.  This is one of the more outlandish Bond movies, but I was entertained, and captivated by the wide variety of locations and exciting stunts.  Also, I discovered that despite the hype, Bond only spends about a quarter of the movie in space, and even that works pretty well, at least until the space marines show up with their laser guns.  But, that's neither here nor there. A nice touch with this film is that we see Bond doing some actual detecting.  A space shuttle on loan to Britain has gone missing, and it's up to our man JB to figure out who stole it, and why (I know, how can you steal a shuttle. . .it's actually handled pretty well in the movie, except for the whole "fuel load" thing).  This leads to various head butting with the shuttle's owner, Hugo Drax (could anyone named Drax not be a villain?), and eventually, you got it, a trip to space.  The whole thing is handled pretty nicely.  The sets are amazing (this would be Prodution Designer Ken Adam's last turn in a Bond film), and the special effects, while not Star Wars, aren't bad.   The best way to look at this movie is as a companion piece to the previous film, The Spy Who Loved Me.  There are a lot of similarities: director (Lewis Gilbert); writer (Christopher Wood); ornate, globe-trotting style; tongue-in-cheek attitude; and Jaws (the one-and-only Richard Kiel).  Don't come in expecting "On Her Majesty's Secret Service", and you'll have a great time.     