 Here it is, the most hyped non-Strokes album of 2001-2.  By now it seems everyone knows the story of the band submitting the album, it being rejected for being uncommercial, and then getting re-signed by a subsidiary of the same label.  Look somewhere else if you want to know the details, I'm not typing it all.   So is the album uncommercial?  Too weird?  Is it even possible to discern songs when you listen to it?  Well, we're not talking about Lou Reed's Metal Machine Music here.  For anyone familiar with Wilco, this is Wilco, plain and simple.  The sound on this album is far out, to be sure, but it is also a natural progression from what they've done before.  Yankee Hotel Foxtrot might be viewed as a combination of the diverse pop textures of Summer Teeth, the band's previous album, with the lonesome-prairie sounds of Being There, their second album.  It would be easy to write this off as the dark half to the poppier Summer Teeth, but I think it's not that clear cut - S.T. had some very bleak moments before lightening up at the end, while Yankee Hotel Foxtrot's singer does eventually seem happy, or at least resigned to the way things are: "I've got reservations/about so many things/ but not about you" he sings on the album's final track, "Reservations".  He may not be sure about a lot of what is going on around him, but he loves this person he's singing to. The entire album contains words and sounds of a man looking for answers ("I'm counting on/A heart I know by heart/To walk me through this war/Where memories distort", he sings in "Kamera"); missing his love ("Radio Cure"); facing regrets ("Ashes of American Flags"); and feeling nostalgic ("I miss the innocence I've known/ Playing KISS covers, beautiful and stoned", in "Heavy Metal Drummer").  Pretty heavy stuff, and if you're looking for easy listening, I should have a Best of Bread review up soon.  This is a dark album that I feel reflects a lot of the confusion and worry of the post-9/11 America. . .even though it was written before. Wilco has a way of continuing to expand with every release, of making albums that feel whole unto themselves.  This album makes you think, and yearn, and above all hope that life's gonna be okay.  That's why Wilco are so good at what they do.     