 I call this "postmodern" because Lamott's message and style features a host of qualities that separate her from both the modern Christian academy and modern literary convention, valuing experience over logic, expression over agenda, spirituality over doctrine, community over individualism, creativity over convention, authenticity over conformity, and relationship over understanding.  Her stories push the literary envelope, not by being supra-passionate, uber-wise, or uniquely articulate, but by "being" itself; that is, her focus is on narrating the soul of her experience, communicating the symbolic meanings of her faith walk.    In my experience, about 95% of Christians who consider themselves "postmodern" love the book, if for no other reason, for its novelty in today's Christian literary marketplace.  The year 1999 was not long ago, yet her book has been, to many, the gateway, or at least a monument on the path, to a new way of conceptualizing and experiencing their own faith.  Many would say that Western culture is in the midst of a cultural shift as globalization becomes a reality, both because the modern philosophical paradigm is, in many ways, a roadblock to a global society of true multiculturalism, and because many in the Christian church desire to integrate Eastern spiritual understanding and practice into our own, many times compartmentalized, efforts at spiritual consciousness.  Lamott's book is not a "groundbreaking" or even "breathtaking" evidence of such a shift within the Church, but it is fresh and poetic, rather than reactive and dogmatic.    Furthermore, on readership, I sense that about 50% of Christians who would consider themselves evangelical in a traditional, or modern, way seem to enjoy the book.  Perhaps the percentage is a bit high because those who choose to read the book are already open to a challenge.  Regardless of these issues, Anne Lamott has come to be loved by many who hold authenticity as a core value.  Her words express deep faith, embodied in such authenticity, undergirded by a deep curiosity and a courageous pursuit of the Holy.  Her writing, to me, seems deeply open and narrative, somehow crystallizing reality with a word here, punctuating experience with a phrase there.  Lamott is simply poetic and richly human.    This memoir inspires not because it teaches but because it breathes; it is a living book, a true memoir, not fashioned propaganda.  Lamott is for those, spiritual or not, seeking to enrich their thoughts with rhythm and prose, to warm their own curiosities with the symbolic memory of another.     