 This is one gripping story. As I read, I felt that this book will be a classic of pre-birth communication - and except for one small problem, I still think so. It's the true story of a pregnancy and all the magical, mystical events that occur to protect the unborn child and create a powerful prenatal bond with both parents. We know from the beginning that this child will be born with Down's Syndrome, so it's clear that there are forces at work to ensure his survival. Without the series of big and small miracles that accompanied the pregnancy, it seems likely that Martha and John Beck (both ambitious Harvard graduate students) might have chosen abortion.  There are many experiences of pre-birth communication in Expecting Adam. Both parents have dream visions of their child as a wise and ageless being who feels like an old friend. Both sense that his name is Adam. And in addition, amazing rescues, healings, and synchronicities just keep happening. It appears that the lives of Martha and Adam were saved at least three times during this incredibly beleaguered pregnancy. This book is all about soul connections. It's a tremendous affirmation of the idea that a baby is so much more than what appears on the surface. This is why it is such a gift to the understanding of pre-birth communication - except for the one small problem I mentioned earlier. I wish that Martha had not chosen to include the story of the psychic who told her, "'Adam isn't like your other children... You see, Adam is an angel. Angels are different from other metaphysical beings,' she went on. 'Occasionally they decide to incarnate - to become human for a while. Not that they have to, you understand. Sometimes that's just the best way to do what they want to do.'" For all I know, this may be the literal truth about Adam, but it puts him in a special class by himself and moves those marvelous communication experiences far beyond what we anticipate in our own lives. But in fact, these are the typical kinds of soul-to-soul communications that are happening to parents all the time. You don't need to have an angel baby to sense a wise and loving presence, or to hear a name whispered in your heart's ear, or to receive deep reassurance in moments of crisis. In any case, I found this to be a wonderful story, marred for me only by the exaggerated portrayal of Harvard people as fairly inhuman.     