 I decided to be the FIRST to review this one here. Haha, go me.  Picture of Dorian Gray is a great work of fiction. Its interplay of Hellenic thought and Judaeo-Christian ethics was light years ahead of its time, even though it might come across muddled to the casual reader. Perhaps, this novel was too far ahead of its time, as it was eventually used as evidence against Wilde in two court cases for 'gross indecency' in 1895.  It is a simple story; really, Basil Hallward paints a lovely portrait of Dorian Gray, a veritable Adonis. As the Painter puts the finishing touches upon this portrait, Gray is involved with a conversation regarding the nature of beauty with Lord Henry (Harry) Wotton. This culminates in Dorian wishing and praying that his beauty may never diminish; that he'd have eternal youth. Ultimately, the painting would bear all of the marks of sin, decadence, and decay that cause our physical bodies to age, while Dorian kept his stunning good looks. Wilde brings about a rather wonderful conclusion, and it is a very enjoyable story.  The Picture of Dorian Gray has its dull parts. It doesn't remain current, and I'd suggest getting a copy with notes, so that you may be able to keep up with all of the references. Let's be honest, in 2004 who really cares about what was fashionable in 19th century France? These are questions the notes can clarify, and make some of the references more amiable. Still there are parts where Wilde just lists things, and these you should skip.  When reading this novel, I think it becomes clear that the three main personalities are a reflection of society at that time. While Basil Hallward seemed to personify Christian conservatism, and a mundane attachment to the status quo, Lord Henry is the questioning romantic, a character that seems to argue everything yet prove nothing, and believe in even less. This makes him no less interesting, and I believe Wilde may have included him as a farce of some of his contemporaries, yet some of the best insights and quotes actually come from Lord Henry.  Dorian is the romantic ideal of perfection. Though a horrible character that fears no consequences for his actions, he still remains perfection. I think that aristocratic England valued physical appearance, social wit, and worldliness more than an ethical life.  Dorian Gray also typifies Wilde's affections for Hellenic culture. Dorian is the stereotypical Greek Tragic Hero. He has a flaw; his vanity; this flaw leads to his downfall; a life of sin; he realizes his flaw in the end, and tries to make amends, but it is too little too late. If you enjoy Shakespeare Allusions, you will enjoy this.  I really liked The Picture of Dorian Gray, but I will not advise one way or the other whether you should read it or not. If you want something stimulating that will have an enormity of good quotes that will make your dominating intellect seem even more so to the untrained eye, then check it out. If you're looking for pulp go check out Tom Clancey or Danielle Steele.     