 To say that this is the best live album ever is a bit of a stretch, but it is certaintly very good. I'd not say it's a live album, more of a series of memoirs collected from the band members and his mother Mary Guibert. While it is correct to assume that there are much better whole, live, concerts that capture the Buckley-concert experience from beginning to end, this is a logical progression if you are not yet an enthusiast and looking for something beyond Grace (the debut studio album).  There are several gems on this album. My personal favorite is "I Woke Up in a Strange Place," a nice little rocker about ghoulish encounter with a ghost. I've not delved into a deeper meaning of the song, it's just far too good to over analyze. Another great track is "What Will You Say," which shines despite its angst ridden, abandonment lyrics. It captures his voice so well, you really have to hear it.  This also includes many of the gems from Grace, including a very stirring preformance of "Dream Brother." Classics like "Eternal Life" which is even more ballsy live, "Last Goodbye," and "Grace" are really good live. It even includes an Ira Gershwin song, "The Man That Got Away." Of Course, it also has "Hallelujah" in a medley with "I Know It's Over." (As a side note, you can't really critique these songs for Buckley fans, you either know them or you aren't a fan). I didn't really prefer this version of "Lilac Wine," but since I don't really dig that song, anyway, I guess I'm kind of prejudiced.  This is a 12 track, 72 minute (I think) treat for the ears. Please forgive my cliche, rolling stone-esque line there, but I think if you check it out, you'll agree. I'd definitely prep for this one by AT LEAST purchasing Grace first though, of course if you don't have that by now... well, you have my pity. Then move onto the Live at L'Olympia, Live at Chicago sets, Live At Sin-e or even Sketches for My Sweetheart. Actually, that is precisely the order you should all buy these: Grace, Mystery White Boy, than either of the 4.  Finally, we miss you Jeff.     