 I have to say, I was a little let down. I realize that Hollywood must alter and adapt books in order to logistically make them work on screen. Plus there are parts of the Return of the King novel that will bore you to tears. However, I was a little disappointed to have the scouring of the Shire cut... It just gives you that closure with Saruman that you really need. I also had a problem with the 9 endings that just seemed to go on and on and on... Really, we could've stopped with the ship sailing to the west with the nice sunset, but no, we get Sam's musings on family life in the Shire.  Okay, enough with the negative. This is a great movie. I can't give it five stars though, because it is only part of a whole, and to watch only Return of the King would leave you missing something. I suggest you do what I will do when this comes out on DVD. Take the Day off of work, watch the Expanded Editions of Fellowship and Two Towers, then pop this one in. Yes, that is ten hours of Tolkien, and it is likely that my eyes will rot out of my skull, but that is the way this was meant to be viewed.  My personal favorite, is the battle on the fields of Pelinnor. This was my favorite sequence from the book, and I think Peter Jackson did a wonderful job capturing it in detail. I don't like that he cut the romance between Faramir and Eowyn, but I think that's coming back from the cutting room for the Expanded edition. The stunning visual effects for Shelob reinforced my already ardent fear of spiders, and I absolutely love every screenshot and back drop employed.  Yes, I am a Tolkien nerd, but I can easily say that though there are some inconsistencies, no one could ever do a better job creating this cinematically than Peter Jackson and Co. has done. All three movies encapture the personalities of the characters, peoples, and lands of Middle Earth so that Tolkien would be proud. If you do not feel inspired to succeed when all hope is lost, then you have missed the entire point of the movie. If you do not stand up wanting to cleave the arms off the nearest orc, than you have missed the point. If, for the next week after seeing this, you do not walk around saying "Stupid FAT Hobbit!" then you just aren't human.  I love this trilogy.     