 It seems like the majority of heads out there pick '73 and '74 to be the prime pre-hiatus years, but I'm a '72 man, myself.  What you have here is "Good Ole' Grateful Dead".  Material from the Workingman's/American Beauty albums, Garcia's and Weir's solo records, and the fine new tunes that would end up on Europe '72.  But its not just the material.  The '72 sound was uniquely explosive.  Country yet cosmic, like a dragon with a Stetson hat, eating habanero cornbread.  You won't find that imagery and sound in '73 or '74 (which are more jazzy and mellow). Some of my more selective buddies felt that Dick should have picked another example from this period (aka Veneta or Holfheinz to name just a few), but I think there is nothing to complain about here. It's pretty marquee stuff from a pair of quinessential '72 sets. I have always thought that the best way to blow a Morning Dew is to open a show with it.  Unfortunately, this is the case here.  It's naked, awkward and never gains the momentum a Dew is able to muster in the weaning moments of the final set.  However, things get rolling nicely with the standards that follow.  Cowboy Dead all the way with a surprising (even at the time) Brokedown Palace in the middle of the first set! The steaks are thrown on the grill for the 2nd set.  The China/Rider is typically strong and fun.  Then comes Playing in the Band..... Now, some folks are gonna tell ya that Playing really broke loose in '73 and especially '74.  It's true, Playing stretched out all over the place later on, filling up whole sides of tapes and degenerating into burps and banshee noises.  But to me, '72 was my favorite era for the tune.  Playing in the Band was still a song at this time, meaning that when the boy's were jamming, they intended to go somewhere with it.  And man, the jamming would be intensely beautiful on these versions.  This one is no exception! If your only familiar with the later treatments of Greatest Story...wait til ya here this 'un!  Typical of the year, Greatest has an expanded, climatic jam that sounds familar to St. Stephen.  Awesome! Dark Star was brought to its greatest level in '72.  This one's a beaut too!  Multi-dimensional, soft, sweet, loud and scary, sweet again, more sweet still.......how do you explain the unexplainable?   THEN WHAT HAPPEN'S?  Cumberland Blues!  Well ye haw!  Great landing and fabulous cherry-pickin' through and through.  Then a beautiful and rare (yes, even in '72) Attics of My Life.  Yeah, the vocals ain't got nothing on CSN but you got to give the boy's credit for having the balls to do it.  Very special! Then the treats keep coming with an Uncle John's Band and a Casey Jones highlighting a four song conclusion. Phew!  It wears me out just talking about it.  Now do you really think that you can do without this show?  I'm going to go listen to it right now!     