 Back in the old days, way before the Vault and DP series........, before the internet and digital transfer.........., even before taper sections......, most of us who lived in small towns, usually depended on a handful of awful sounding audience tapes and a couple of radio sound boards to augment our record collection.  We used to listen to Live Dead, Europe '72 and Skull & Roses a lot back then.  Although some folks really loved SYF, most of us didn't play it as much as the other live albums.  It wasn't that the material was bad.  It was just too linear sounding.  Not much juice or experimental beef.  Seeing it through some perspective, its easy to understand why the album was limited to only rock standards and slow Garcia ballads.  The meat of most '74 shows, including the ones from which this material was extracted, consisted of extended explorations which would stretch for 40 to 70 minutes.   There was no way to fit these jams on 22 minute record sides.  It had been difficult enough when the jam segments were 20 minutes long (Live Dead) or 25 (Europe '72 and S&R), but it was impossible to get something like the wonderful Seastones - Dark Star - Morning Dew or the hot Playing-NFA-Wharf Rat-Playing from these shows to transfer on 4 sides of vinyl.  Plus, within a 5 year period, most of the material the band used for extended exploration had already been included on the aforementioned live albums.  Although the two wonderful China-Riders that were played during this stand are far, far superior to the Europe '72 version, the opinion at the time was likely "been there, done that."    The only exception that SHOULD have made a side on SYF was the Eyes of the World from the first night or perhaps a slightly edited Weather Report Suite .  Otherwise, its pretty understandable to see how difficult it was to capture such wide open shows on four album sides.  It also illustrates what a huge impact the 80 minute cd has had on subsequent releases over the last 10 years.  With digital media the Dead's music can now be represented in its full glory and strength, something that was impossible during the time of SYF.  Whatever waning value SYF might have retained through the digital revolution has now been lost with the release of the 5 cd "soundtrack" of the Grateful Dead Movie.  There is now no reasonable excuse to buy this album, unless you are nostalgic for the days when there was little else to listen to on the hood of your car on a starry night in a field on a summer evening.    That's okay.......somebody out there still buys spam too!      