 Reading the other reviews, you get a concensus that Younger Than Yesterday and Notorious Byrd Brothers are finer Byrd albums, but 5th Dimension is the band's most seminal.  That pretty much sums it up.   The Beatles may well be the greatest group of all time, but for a few months...... in early '66......the Byrds were ahead of even the Fab Four.  This album demonstrated so many possibilities for rock music that it should be considered the first truly "experimental" rock record.  Not only did it open many doors, it encouraged doors to be opened......any doors.  So, while their next two records can be considered better "Byrd" albums, 5th Dimension is the Byrds greatest contribution to music in general terms.  It changed the landscape of what rock music could be. I was glad to see 5th Dimension finally remastered.  The original stereo version of the album was poorly mastered and in bad need of an overhaul.  Although the remastering is not perfect, it is definately an improvement over what had been previously available for the last 30 years, both on LP and CD.  The mono version is far superior, so I hope some day a remastered mono mix will be available on CD.  If you love this album and still have a turntable, I recommend seeking the mono version on the LP. And the songs?  Well, there's not much else to add that hasn't already been said.  There are a couple of observations I'd like to share:   I will put in my vote for What's Happening being a fine song.  McGuinn's guitar sounds more like Irish bagpipes than a sitar. Crosby guitar work on the Columbia version of Eight Miles High is brilliant.  If you listen to any latter-day versions performed by McGuinn without Crosby, you'll find it lacking that punch during the solo.  It just doesn't hit the bell without that chunky, yet well conceived rhythum.  Ironically, I wonder why Crosby prefers the RCA version, where his presence is much more sedate and less a factor. The Columbia single of Why is not only the best of the available three versions, it also presents the most awesome tone I ever heard out of McGuinn's guitar.  It simply proves that if God plays a guitar, its a 370-12 Rickenbacker!     