 In the course of reading the other reviews, I am reminded that the reformation is still alive and well.  Old divisions are as entrenched as ever, exemplified by the vollies exchanged below.    For many here, it seems that the 1611 KJV was the great emancipating translation that delivered England from the grasp of the Vulgate.  This is not quite the case.  By the time the KJV was finished, England had been blessed with several translations over an 80 year period, including translations by Tyndale, Coverdale, Matthews, and the Geneva.  Tyndale, in particular, should be credited most for producing a translation "which even the lowliest of plowboys could read."  It should also be noted the over 80% of Tyndale's translation was incorporated in the KJV.  Depending on your allegences, he is the true hero, or villian in the triumph of the English Bible.  However, this point should not overshadow the importance of this most welcomed re-publication.  Tyndale, himself, said "if any would choose to improve upon my work, let them be welcomed."  I believe he would have been awed (and a bit flattered) by the 1611 KJV.    Its setting was amid a struggle between the English High Church and Puritans.  Both had their own translations; the Anglican Bishop's Bible and the Puritan Geneva Bible.  James' milestone was to include both High Church and Puritan scholars to produce a Bible which all could accept.    He got that and much, much more.  It is an absolutely beautiful work of literature.  Anybody who speaks English should have this translation.  We read and listen to Shakespeare in his original venacular.  To truly appreciate the KJV, the same should be observed.  While many in the Puritan camp continued to accuse the KJV of papist leanings, by the end of the century, it was the dominant translation for most English speaking denominations.  This unifying element helped galvinize the English mindset and had no small part in forming a world where English is now the international language.  Its that important!       