 Before I begin, I must admit limited objectivity in reviewing Bon Lama Tenzin Wangyal Rinpoche's latest book "Healing with Form, Energy and Light" (Snow Lion).  Because Lama Tenzin has been my gracious teacher for more than two years now, it is tempting to dispense with a certain critical distance.  Much of the material in the text is taken from Rinpoche's teachings and small-scale textual resources.  Yet as I paged through my new copy, it was like I was experiencing this transcendent wisdom for the first time.  Thus, I am happy to announce that this work, his third major effort, is geared toward practitioners on all levels of practice, and from diverse spiritual backgrounds. In the book's introduction, Tenzin Rinpoche gives a brief but helpful outline of the Bon tradition, an early Tibetan religion that has gradually incorporated, and also influenced, Buddhist practice.  Among other interesting observations, Rinpoche explains that his tradition "suffered the fate of many indigenous religions, a fate similar to that of the religions of Europe and the Americans when Christianity was introduced."  While such claims are not the central focus of this book, they definitely enrich it.   This book is a heartfelt, meaningful and well-written offering of sorts to whatever powers guide the exchange between East and West.  Rinpoche, who founded the Ligmincha Institute in 1992, explains "as I spent more time in the West I began to see that there was a need to teach about the teaching, to explain how to develop experience and how to apply the teaching and practices to situations in everyday life."  Rinpoche's humble yet beautiful book thus succeeds with practical hints that are a joy to read.    This book is about the healing traditions in Bon Buddhist shamanism, tantra and dzogchen ("the great perfection").  Western-style psychology is one of Rinpoche's interests, and he has participated in annual panels on East-West psychology.  Thus, he discusses Tibetan traditions in light of certain western psychological theory.  Plus, if you read this book you will gain insight into "Tibetan yoga": the tsa lung movements that open up the energy so that the breath flows freely in the body.  The book's discussion of psychology alone is worth taking the time to read.    The sky blue volume focuses clearly and insightfully on the elements, and how elemental qualities manifest themselves in our lives.  Through an increased awareness of the flow of these qualities, we can see a way to increased balance and peace.     