 There is no getting around the fact that this is a deep, eloquent meditation on depression in our society. ... Solomon's major breakdown came after the death of his mother.  His second came after a traumatic bodily injury.  These circumstances, first of all, are somewhat beyond a person's control.  Implying that taking "responsiblity" means not caring about a loved one's death seems to me rediculous.  Furthermore, spending thousands of dollars on professional help seems like you are acknowledging a problem and you want to solve it.   Having said that, I agree that this book is not perfect.  It subscribes to a kind of blind technological utopianism, and mythologizing.  Solomon is the type who, for better or worse, views interfering with nature as something fundamental to human beings.  As such, digging a hole in the ground and inserting mouse genes into strawberries are all part of human creativity and art.  This strikes me as an extreme position, "man versus nature," but this issue requires another book to address it.  Solomon takes this position throughout the book, and it is a bit annoying. ... As a student of politics, Solomon's conservative and well-contextualized statistics on depression are staggering to me.  In a way, he actually returns to the stoicism (which the reviewer chided him for lacking) by stressing how depression and mental suffering is the root of so many other diseases.  For example, depression has doubled in America since WWII.   It is becoming the disease of the 21st century.  It is not depressing itself, and is surprisingly educating.   His attention to alternative treatments is a bit inconsistent.  At time it reads like a news magazine trying to court pharmaceutical advertisers, with its claims that St. John's Wort is a "goopy" therapy to use.  This seems odd considering that Solomon underwent treatments such as role playing, etc, which I think are fine but by his standard look silly. ... I think this book could have gone into more detail on prayer, Mindfulness meditation, yoga and so forth.  This is also striking considering the fact that we got about 13 pages on electo-shock therapy, which very few people actually use.  Solomon mentions faith, but that's about it.   In all, I really like this book.  I think that Solomon really wants to find a cure for this disease.  His great "psycho-social-biological" approach gives great evidence as to why depression requires a mix of social and chemical treatment.  A wonderful book for our times.     