 TRUTH is Emile Zola's last novel and was published after his death. It is his longest book and deals with the transformative power of Truth, Justice, and Love. It also deals with how social change happens slowly through generational change rather than by changing the minds of individuals. It is the story of a teacher in a small French town fighting to prove the innocence of his fellow teacher, a Jew, who is accused of killing a child. The defenders of the teacher have to fight anti-Semitism in the Catholic Church, the government, and the press. Written after Zola's return from exile in England for his part in the Dreyfus Affair, the book draws much of its plot from his experiences fighting anti-Semitism. It is a powerful work that shows how anti-Semitism was used by the different factions in 19th CenturyFrance for their own ends.  This is Zola's third anti-clerical work and his strongest. The first two are LOURDES and ROME which deal with a priest's growing disillusion with his church. In TRUTH, the teacher knows that the real murderer is a Christian brother in the local Catholic school who is protected by the local priests. He has to expose the corruption in the church to prove the innocence of his friend. This plot has special relevance to Americans today who are struggling with stories of priests who molested young boys and a Catholic church that protected the priests rather than the children. In the preface written a hundred years ago, the translator states that this abuse by a cleric of a young boy "is not to be regarded as altogether exceptional" since many such crimes are hushed up by friends in the church.  The structure of the novel is well thought out and is composed of four books of four chapters each. Although narrated in the third person, the book is mostly told from the point of view of the teacher. This lack of objectivity is the weakest part of the novel because we only get to see the teacher's opponents through his limited and biased view. The book is Utopian in style with Truth conquering deceit and leading to a more perfect social structure.     