 This book is set at a very interesting time in Oz history - right after Ozma is transformed from the boy Tip and takes the throne in the Emerald City. It's plot fits right between L. Frank Baum's second and third Oz books: The Marvelous Land of Oz and Ozma of Oz. In The Marvelous Land of Oz the boy Tip escapes from Mombi the witch and has many adventures that culminate when he is returned to his true form as Ozma. The Mysterious Chronicles of Oz, written in 1985, over 80 years after Baum's two books, focuses on the transition Ozma goes through in her behavior and her mind to change from the mischievous boy Tip to the girl ruler of a fairy kingdom.  One morning shortly after her transformation Ozma wakes up tired of regal protocol. She dons the clothes she wore as Tip and slips out of the Emerald City with her old friend the Sawhorse determined for one last adventure. The tale is full of both flashbacks and foreshadowing of Baum's "future" works. In this book we find the origin of the Sawhorse's Red Wagon and Ozma's Magic Picture. We learn how the Cowardly Lion and his friend the Hungry Tiger come to live in the Emerald City. We are also told Jellia Jamb's history before she came to live in the Emerald City and the origins of the first Nome King, Roquat the Red. Most intriguing is the true story of the Hammerheads and the reason for their belligerence. Mr. Madden even details Ozma's first contacts with Polychrome, the Rainbow's daughter, Quox, the dragonette, and the Great Djinn Tititi-Hoochoo. Yet the biggest mystery of the book is the OPALOZ and the power it has over the whole magic land. The plot is great and J. Noel's line drawings illustrate the book well. Six tipped-in color plates and a color wrap-around book jacket illustration are special treats and absolutely charming. So why didn't I give the book 4 or even 5 stars? There are over 50 Oz books in existence and so there are conventions that should be followed in writing one. Mr. Madden maddeningly renames all four lands of Oz calling them The Land of Sky Blue Waters, The Land of Purple Mountains, The Golden West, and Rosewood Meadows. Other Oz authors quickly and briefly fill in character backgrounds so as not to interrupt the story but Mr. Madden goes through long digressions to relate stories told in other books. So basically it is a great plot told with uneven writing that is distracting, but not enough to ruin the book.  What the book does best is tell in loving detail the mental transformation of the unruly boy Tip into the kind and loving ruler Ozma. It is a great tale and a good read for dedicated Ozophiles.     