 In this delightful story, a young girl named Trot and her long-time friend, the one-legged sailor Cap'n Bill, are drawn into an adventure that takes them to the magical land of Oz. Readers who are familiar with the works of L. Frank Baum will recognize these two characters from two previous novels that are set outside of Oz, The Sea Fairies and Sky Island. While it is not necessary to have read these two works prior to reading this book, the three novels taken together outline the close relationship of this optimistic and courageous young girl and her pragmatic companion, the worldly retired sailor who lost his leg at sea.  The plot is familiar to readers of other Oz books. Mortals from the outside world get hopelessly lost, but retaining their determination and good will, they move forward until they find themselves in the fairy land of Oz. All along the way Trot and Cap'n Bill meet fantastic beings and explore strange countries which the author creates with a joy and imagination that seem boundless. On this trip they meet and become fast friends with a strange flying creature called the Ork, who, although featherless, is equipped with a propeller as well as four wings. Together the three of them continue on to the Land of Mo where they inexplicably come across another beloved Baum character, Button-Bright, a boy who is unflappable and prone to getting lost. These four next find themselves in a remote and inaccessible corner of the land of Oz called Jinxland. Here they fall victim to the cruel plots of King Krewl and the magic spells of the witch Blinkie. Discovering their plight, the Scarecrow of Oz decides to go to their rescue. But what can a man of straw do to fight a corrupt king and an evil witch? Find out for yourself and enjoy every minute of it by reading this wonderful book.  The Books of Wonder edition has recreated the original first edition with all its twelve color plates, over 100 black and white illustrations, and a full color dust jacket by John R. Neill. It also includes a three page essay by Peter Glassman that discusses this work as it fits into the writings of the author, L. Frank Baum. This is a must-read for Oz aficionados and a joy to anyone interested in children's fiction.     