 This deck of cards consists of forty of Sulamith Wulfing's mystical/spiritual paintings. She has to be the greatest artist of this genre in the 20th Century. So it is wonderful to have a collection of her paintings in a handy format for carrying around. Many of the paintings have traditional images of angels with wings, but on sixteen of the cards the images are more generally spiritual than angelic. Yet the spiritual nature of her work allows almost all her paintings to be interpreted as angelic whether the spirits or beings have wings or not.  On the back of each card is a short statement chosen by the editor as a meditation to use with the card. Some of these are obviously taken from other sources. E.g., a card called Prosperity has the saying: "I cried because I didn't have shoes, until I met a man who didn't have feet."  Some seem out of place. A card called Realization states: "The only thing a computer cannot do -- compared to a human being -- is to look into the evening sky." The painting is of two angels  holding red candles without a computer or a machine in sight. Most of the texts are OK, but not being chosen by the artist, they are separate from the paintings and don't add anything. At the end of the introductory essay in Fantastic Art, Sulamith wrote the following personal statement: "My drawings are a visual representation of my deepest feelings: pleasure, fear, sorrow, happiness, humor. And, to people attuned to my compositions, they may well be mirrors of their own experiences. It is because of this that I have left the explanation of the drawings completely to the viewer, so that they are not bound by my interpretation of what each picture should be. For me it is not a matter of creating illustrations to fit nursery rhyme themes. My ideas come to me from many sources, and in such harmony with my personal experiences that I can turn them into these fairy compositions. My Angels are my consolers, leaders, companions, guards." These cards can do the same for you that Sulamith's Angels did for her. You will love these paintings.     