 The book A Beautiful Mind is delightfully different than the movie. The movie is accurate in principle, but uses artistic license to make a good story and good visual impact. The book was written by a journalist who did extensive research on the life of John Nash, a famous mathematician who developed paranoid schizophrenia. John Nash, the subject of the biography, didn't get involved in the research at all. So it is based on his written statements, and interviews with almost everyone who knew him. Sylvia Nasar has written a wonderfully detailed, yet always interesting, biography of a deeply complex man. To do this she must have interviewed hundreds of people who knew Nash. Fortunately, the author had the full cooperation of Nash's family and quotes heavily from interviews with them. Ms. Nasar is scrupulous in identifying her sources for everything in the book. The number of footnotes concerned me at first. There are over 2,000 numbered footnotes in the 45 page Notes section at the end of the book. However, these are only to identify the author's sources and seldom contain additional material. So they do not disrupt the flow of the book. A Beautiful Mind is good on so many levels. It provides wonderful insight into the whole process of becoming a research faculty. It is also a great informal history of 20th century mathematical research. Although there is a some discussion of mathematical theory in the book, it is written for the general reader and should not be problematic for anyone who has an interest in math.  On top of that it is a great biography of a person with a difficult personality and it is a sensitive treatment of schizophrenia. All in all a delightful read if you don't get easily depressed by the tragic illness that changed this man's life.  This paperback edition published in 2001 contains an Epilogue that provides an update on events since the original 1998 edition appeared. As such it is preferable because of the additional information it contains.     