 This book brings together a wonderful collection of visual images of travel trailers from the late 1920s through the 1950s. The images come from vintage photographs, publicity brochures, and other publications. A majority of the materials come from the collections of the University of Southern California, the Auto Club of Southern California, and Vintage Vacations (a California travel trailer restoration company). The quality of the image reproduction is excellent making this book a genuine feast for the eyes. Although subtitled "A Visual History Of Mobile America," the majority of pictures are from California with the rest of the country only sketchily represented if at all. Florida is the only other state to have more than one or two pictures included. The book has eight chapters. Each begins with one page of text consisting of three paragraphs. The rest of the chapters are illustrations with captions and quotes. The first chapter "Motor Camping" has some of the earliest photos and portrays the beginnings of the travel trailer craze. The second chapter "Selling The dream" contains a collection of illustrations from brochures and advertisements. "Wish You Were Here," the third chapter, is a collection of postcards both humorous and illustrative. The fourth chapter "Trailer Shows" contains pictures from various California trailer shows. Pictures of the latest trailer designs are often enhanced by including attractive female models. "Take A Look Inside" is the next chapter which portrays the interior furnishings of travel trailers. Again attractive female models often enhance the photos. "I've Got This Idea" is a chapter that captures some of the more inventive and original travel trailer designs. A whole chapter is devoted to "Trailer Logos." It was in this chapter that I found the only reference to my 1948 trailer made in Alma, Michigan. The book ends with a chapter on "Teardrops," compact trailers with outdoor kitchens built into a back hatch. A one page bibliography provides both current and historic books and articles for further reading. A joyful coffee table book, light on text, but very rich on illustrations, that is eye candy for the trailer park crowd.     