 Tik-Tok of Oz by L. Frank Baum (Books of Wonder edition) Tik-Tok of Oz is a delightful book with an interesting story of how it came to be. A small Editor's Note by Peter Glassman on page 10 of this book tells the story. There had been two successful stage plays based on the first two Oz books and Baum wanted to write a play based on the third, Ozma of Oz. However, he found out he couldn't use many of the characters because he had already sold the stage rights to them. He took the plot of the third book and changed Dorothy and Ozma into two new characters Betsy Bobbin and Queen Ann Soforth. Then he used the popular Shaggy Man who was introduced in The Road to Oz and changed many of the incidents in the story to create a new script for the stage that he called The Tik-Tok Man of Oz. The play was a success so he then rewrote it into this novel.  If you have read Ozma of Oz, you will indeed see the similarities. Once again an army of one soldier and many officers is led by a girl leader in an attack against the Nome King. This time it is Queen Ann Soforth from the smallest and poorest kingdom in Oz. She is young and tired of her tiny kingdom and wants to seek adventure. When her sister jokingly suggests that Ann raise an army and conquer Oz, Ann likes the idea. She convinces all but one of the eighteen men of her kingdom to join her army and they set out. However, the sorceress Glinda, learns of her plans and magically transports Ann and her army across the Deadly Desert and out of Oz entirely.  Meanwhile Betsy Bobbin, like Dorothy in Ozma of Oz, is lost at sea in a storm with her companion Hank the Mule. They are cast up on shore of the Rose Kingdom where they meet up with the Rose Princess, the Shaggy Man and Polychrome, the Rainbow's daughter. This group goes on a quest with the Shaggy Man who is seeking his lost brother, a prisoner of the Nome King. They meet up with Queen Ann's army and Tik-Tok. This large group decides to go in search of the Nome King together. Their quest leads them to the fairy kingdom of the great Jinjin, Tititi-Hoochoo where they meet a young dragon named Quox. Their encounter with the Nome King is terribly amusing and their search for the Shaggy Man's brother has a remarkable outcome.  What starts out as a reworking of another story takes on a life of its own to become an entertaining and amusing story. The John R. Neill illustrations are wonderful and there are 12 full-page color plates. The end papers present the first published map of the land of Oz.     