 This brief collection of eight short stories portrays the horrors of the Nigeria-Biafra Civil War of 1967-1970 through the lives of eight Biafran women. The war was characterized by brutal genocidal activity on both sides.  The stories are arranged in chronological order which allows the reader to see the progress of the war as it was experienced. This book presents an important female perspective on the horrors of war. The first story, "Homecoming," portrays the outbreak of the war as the young girl Ifeyiwa and her family flee for their lives to their home town.  "Mama Alafi," the second story, is about a Kafa woman and her family who live among the Ogboji at the onset of the war. Although they have been respected members of the community, the men of her family are all slaughtered before her eyes because the war has made them enemies. "Ndende," the third story, tells the tragic story of Mama Ekene who gives birth during an attack on her village by jet fighters. "The Saboteur" relates the story of two officers, Ejaik and Ezem, who are in competition for the same woman. Ejaik is a ladies man who gets on well with women, while Ezem is his superior officer who uses his authority to terrorize both the woman and Ejaik. Ezem tries to have Ejaik killed so he can have the woman to himself. "Win The War," the next story, tells the effects of kwashiorkor, a disease of severe malnutrition, on the young children of the Ahura Win The War Primary School by relating the events of one day at their school. "Ifeguluonye" is a story of Emeni whose husband and six sons are all killed in the war. Left alone, she goes into extreme grief and, after the war, she takes on the clothes and habits of a man and changes her name to Ifeguluonye, which means Whatever Pleases One. "Happy Survival" tells the story of the people of a village who are attacked by bombers just after the cease fire is announced. They experience the loss of their loved ones and the relief of the end of the war at the same bittersweet moment. "Ike And Pitakwa Ladies" is a story that takes place after the war. Ike is one of the few men to return from the war and has a job in the new government. He is in the city for a conference and decides to enjoy the pleasures of the city ladies while he is away from home. Each story has a moment when a character states "When rain beat the cow in the eyes" after a particularly poignant scene. Although never explained, this seems to be a Nigerian phrase that connotes a particularly cruel or upsetting turn of events. The stories of this book plunge the reader into the middle of a civil war. You try to figure out the war from the events effecting the characters. The book is intense and the events tragic. This is not a book for the faint of heart. I had to put it down after each story. This is powerful writing about a brutal topic.     