 In the year 1918 Vaslav Nikinsky, the premier dancer of the Ballet Russe, wrote a diary that probed his inner feelings as he lost touch with reality. By the end of the year he was in a psychiatric hospital where he stayed until his death in 1950. The film Nijinsky is an impressionistic look into the mind of this great dancer during this crucial year. The only voice in the film is Derek Jacobi's readings of excepts from this diary. Even in the segments of the film where actors play out scenes from his life they are silent.  This movie is a case of the whole being less than the sum of the parts. No one ever filmed Nijinsky dancing so we have no original footage of his art. The director, Paul Cox, uses the still photographs of Nijinsky, but to fill in most of the footage he uses a collage of film clips of storks flying, fields of flowers and other images to represent Nijinsky's state of mind.  Derek Jacobi's reading is wonderful, yet the repetition of images that accompanies it quickly becomes boring. While the music is lovely, the dancing scenes that accompany it are wooden and do not capture the magic of Nijinsky's art. Many of the dances are performed outside in a forest or inside with few sets.  Only one dance, where the two dancers are nude, is beautifully done. Their nudity compliments the bare stage and their movements are the most fluid and graceful of all the dance pieces.  For a man going mad, Nijinsky's words are sublimely spiritual. Much of his writing is about his identifying with and being close to god. He writes against the bloody World War that is going on outside. His hatred of violence has become so great that he has become a vegetarian. He speaks of how much better he feels without animals as part of his diet. One of the great horrors of this film is that the director has a sheep killed on film in close up we see the blood and death of this animal.  In summary, the dance and reenactments from Nijinsky's life are disappointing. The collage of images is repetitive and boring. Jabobi's reading and the music are delightful. This would have made a better CD than a DVD. When the movie gets boring, just close your eyes and listen.     