 If you want to know about Ukraine but don't read Ukrainian, this is the book for you. Beginning with the myths of pre-history and working up through 1999, Andrew Wilson gives the reader a sense of what it is to be Ukrainian. This is no easy task because Ukraine is a diverse place with a west that is totally different than its east, and with many regional differences in between. He calls it an unexpected nation because its ethnic, linguistic, religious and regional diversity makes it hard for many people to think of it as a single nation. He deals with the complex relationship Ukraine has with its eastern neighbor Russia. Many Ukrainians are of Russian descent and Russian is still the language spoken in many parts of the country. Both countries lay claim to Kyiv as their ancient capital and many of their ancient heroes are the same. Ukraine lies on the border between western Europe and Eurasian Russia. Its western people look to Europe for commerce and culture just as its eastern regions favor Russia.  Although its borders have changed as often as its political fate, Wilson does an admirable job of inclusion. He writes about Western Ukraine, the Crimea and the Donbas (eastern Ukraine) as well as the Ukraine of Kyiv. Often this makes the book difficult to read because so many different regions and their unique perspectives must be taken into consideration. Yet this is what ultimately makes the book so rewarding.  Although Wilson makes use of copious footnoting, most of his references are to Ukrainian language sources that will be inaccessible to his readers. He does an admirable job of introducing us to the major players in the shaping of this new nation; yet seeking out more on any particular aspect of the story may be difficult. Wilson does provide a fine Bibliographical Essay at the end of the book to further sources in English or other Western languages that will satisfy the interested reader seeking further information. The book has many fine black-and-white maps that illustrate the points in the text. Also included are two sections of black-and-white and color plates that bring life to many of the ideas presented. At the beginning of the book is a Chronology with two separate time lines: one for Politics and History and the second for Culture. This helps to put the wealth of information presented into a structured framework. The author focuses on economic, political and religious power and thought and the literary and artistic expression of these in fine arts and literature. His approach is chronological, working from ancient myths and their modern interpretations, through the history of the region, right on up to the present day and the 1998 elections. It would be marvelous if a new edition would come out that includes the results of the year 2000 elections.     