 The editors of this book have done a great job of putting together a wonderful CD/book package on "The War of the Worlds" as originally written by H.G. Wells and reinterpreted by Orson Welles and many others. The texts of both the original novel and the radio broadcast are included, but there is so much more! The novel is accompanied by the original Warwick Goble illustrations that appeared in Pearson's Magazine in 1897. Although, as is often the case in reproductions, the illustrations lose a little clarity, they are still a splendid addition to the text and add to the pleasure of reading it.  The transcript of the Mercury Theatre radio play is in the text and the recording of the original broadcast is included on the accompanying compact disc. The disc has three interviews with Orson Welles about the broadcast, including one where he appeared with H. G. Wells on a Texas radio station in 1940. The disc also includes an excerpt from a broadcast of a different updated War of the Worlds presentation on a Buffalo, N.Y. radio station in 1968. The book is divided into three parts. The first part is called The Broadcast and contains the full text of the radio play as well as two articles about the production, the players, and the effects of the broadcast. Both are wonderfully illustrated with newspaper clippings and black & white photographs. Since neither are signed, I assume they were written by the editors, Brian Holmsten and Alex Lubertozzi. These two articles are excellent at setting the context of the broadcast and the background of the Mercury Theatre as well as telling the story of the panic resulting from the broadcast and the press coverage that followed. The second part of the book deals with other interpretations of this story and other stories of life on Mars. This is the shortest section, but it is the only section of the book that has color illustrations. In one page, the book  briefly covers George Pal's 1953 movie, the Fox 1988 television series, Jeff Wayne's London musical comedy, and the CBS TV presentation of "The Night America Trembled." The cursory review of other literary works that are based on the works of Wells and Welles is interesting reading, but would have benefited from more detail. The third part of the book consists of an unsigned brief biography of H. G. Wells (presumably written by the two editors) which is followed by the text of the original novel. The biography is also illustrated with wonderful black and white pictures.  A Forward by Ray Bradbury and an Afterword by Ben Bova round out the book. Bradbury talks about the two writers and their works, while Dr. Bova discusses the scientific exploration of Mars. A two page bibliography with lots of links to Internet resources completes the book and gives the reader many resources for further information. This is a richly rewarding book with excellent illustrations, the complete texts of both versions of The War of the Worlds, and wonderful articles on the background and effects of both works. If you want to read The War of the Worlds, this is the book for you.     