 This book was originally published in French in 1929 with a title that translates as: Magical Acts, Rites, and Beliefs in Subcarpathian Rus'. The title Vampires in the Carpathians was added for this 1998 English  translation and is really misleading. The last two chapters: "Funerals" and  "Apparitions and Supernatural Beings" do make passing references to  vampires, but focus mostly on other spirits. So if you are looking for a  book on vampires, look elsewhere. What little is said about vampires will  be only of interest to the serious scholar who needs to know every possible  reference in the literature.  The original title, which is the current  subtitle, is a much more accurate description of what this book is about.  However, Bogatyrev spends over 35 pages talking about his research  methodology which he calls the synchronic method. Unless this is what you  really want to learn about, I advise you skip the Introduction and  Conclusion.  His methodology is that he tells us what the ritual means to  the people performing it at that time. He does not try to draw inferences  back in time or determine origins. He just "tells it like it is" or, in  this  case, as it was back in the 1920's. What results is very  unsatisfying. He tells you a ritual and what it means in village X, then  tells you that in village Y they do the same thing, but have no idea why.  Then, he relates that in village Z they don't do this at all. He goes  through the whole religious calendar relating quaint old customs attached  to each religious holiday, then does the same for rituals attached to  births, weddings and funerals. We owe this author a debt of gratitude for  documenting this snapshot of Carpathian village life. English-speaking  folklore scholars will be glad to have access to this work and Americans of  Rusyn descent may finally understand what crazy rituals and customs drove  their grandparents to leave this rustic corner of Central Europe for the  USA and Canada. On the plus side, this is an excellent translation and the  biography of Bogatyrev is engaging. Not for any but the most dedicated  readers.     