 The Devils of Loudun is a wonderful study of state, society, and spirituality in 17th century France. By closely examining the events surrounding a case of satanic possession of a cloister of nuns in the village of Loudun, Aldous Huxley writes knowledgably and entertainingly about French history and Roman Catholicism of this period.  The book begins with the coming of a new priest, Urbain Grandier, to the village church. He is young, handsome,  intelligent, and sophisticated. Grandier is a worldly priest who has the village women enthralled, and he is not committed to a life of celibacy. After a series of affairs, he falls in love with and "marries" in a secret ceremony Madeleine de Brou.  One of the women who has become infatuated by Grandier is the Mother Superior of the Ursuline convent, Sister Jeanne des Anges, an ambitious young woman who is unstable emotionally. She starts talking of her dreams and obsessive thoughts about Grandier to  the other nuns and to her confessor. He sees the influence of the devil in these compulsive thoughts and begins an exorcism that lasts for six years.  Fantasies about the local priest turn into accusations that he is in league with the devil. Huxley describes Grandier' powerful enemies and their motives for wanting him punished. Grandier is accused of witchcraft, found guilty, and burned at the stake.  The close relationship between Sister Jeanne and her exorcist, the Jesuit mystic Joseph Surin, rounds out the book. Huxley presents a learned and intriguing discussion of christian mysticism and its relationship with the concept of satanic possession as it was understood at the time.  Although it is the basis for the Ken Russell movie The Devils, the book provides a much more detailed and less sensationalistic approach to the material than the movie. An excellent study that continually compares the 20th century with the topics under discussion, this book is a wonderful view into this period. I highly recommend it for anyone interested in the history of France, witchcraft, mysticism, or the Catholic Church. Huxley doesn't believe in the nuns' possession, but provides a well-reasoned explanation of his own interpretation of events.     