 I picked up this book after the attacks of September 11th to find out more about the buildings that I had often seen in the distance, but had never known much about. I had never been in the World Trade Center, never visited the observation deck, nor eaten at Windows on the World. I found this book very helpful in providing much information about who built it, and how. It also gives a good perspective on what it was like to work in the building. And it is with that perspective that I recommend this book to others. Not anticipating the sudden and tragic demise of the towers when it was written 1n 1999, the book celebrates the life of the World Trade Center. The last part focuses on the day-to-day lives of the people of the towers and can be especially hard to read after the staggering loss of life on the day the buildings collapsed. I don't think I could read this book right now if the towers were a part of my life before that tragic day. So for the many people for whom the World Trade Center before September 11th was just a recognizable part of the New York skyline, and are interested in learning more about it now that it has so suddenly and completely been destroyed, this is a good book to read. For those whose lives were tied to the buildings in some way, this book may be too close, like a letter from a battlefield soldier that arrives after his or her death. The book starts out with the background of the organization that planned and built the World Trade Center, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. This is a fascinating story in itself about the growth of a small interstate agency that started its life connecting New York and New Jersey with bridges and tunnels and went on to build the tallest and largest buildings in the area. The author goes on to tell how the Port Authority devised the project, chose an architect, fought all the criticism, and persevered to build the two tallest buildings in the world at that time.  Conceived in the early 1960s, started in 1966, with opening ceremonies in 1973, the World Trade Center was built in a period of great political unrest when many social values were being reexamined. The buildings were subject to a lot of criticism as the values of society were being called into question. The author tells the story of how the architectural world reacted to the towers, but also how the people came to accept the towers as a symbol of New York. The book is illustrated by seven charcoal drawings by Becky Glyn and by illustrations provided by the Port Authority. Ms. Glyn's drawings are simple and expressive at the same time, but only two are of the World Trade Center towers, and all are reduced to a small 2"x3" format. More illustrative are the stock illustrations the Port Authority provided the author, including the great photo that graces the dust cover. There is a good index and good footnotes. The sources in the footnotes show that there was a lot of research behind the book, including many interviews with the people involved. Many books full of glossy color photos about the World Trade Center will come out after September 11, 2001, but this is the book about the life of New York City's World Trade Center. In that sense, it is a fitting memorial to those who lost their lives in the WTC that tragic day.     