 The French Revolution is one of the most significant events in world history. So much has been written about it that it can be difficult to find a good place to start exploring the subject. Well, look no more. William Doyle has written a terrific introduction to the topic that is wonderful in its scope and yet concise. In this book he is more concerned with why the French Revolution mattered and has continued to matter, that with a retelling of what happened. Rather than a strict chronological approach, the six chapters of this book give the reader six different perspectives on the same event. Each adds depth to our understanding of the event and its place in history. Chapter one is called "Echoes" and it relates how this great upheaval was perceived by the rest of the world not only in the newspapers of the day but in fiction and drama. The Importance of Being Earnest, A Tale of Two Cities, and The Scarlet Pimpernel are discussed. The complete text of the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of Citizens is included in this chapter as well. "Why It Happened" is the second chapter. Here the author discusses the causes of the Revolution. This is mainly a description of the Ancien Regime's government and society during the reign of Louis XVI.  The third chapter is called "How It Happened." In this chapter Doyle discusses the Revolution as a series of events that stretched over a number of years. He does an excellent job of showing how each event led to the next. The violent excesses of the guillotine are much more understandable in context.  "What It Ended" is the name of the fourth chapter and my personal favorite. It is here that we see the impact that the Revolution had, not only in France, but throughout the world. Before the Revolution there is a world of Divine Right, religious authority, slavery, peasants, and aristocracy. While this doesn't change overnight, the fact that the people can revolt and change the social order becomes established beyond a doubt. Once changed, society seems unwilling to go back and is changed forever. The next to the last chapter is called "What It Started," and it deals with the effects the Revolution has had on the world. It also discusses the reaction to the Revolution and the dynamic tension of radical and conservative forces in modern history. "Where It Stands" is the last chapter. This is devoted to the schools of academic thought on the Revolution. The "classic" interpretation of the Revolution and its critics are outlined with a brief history. The chapter ends with an outline of contemporary thinking about the Revolution. The book ends with a Timeline, The Revolutionary Calendar, a list of Further Readings, and an Index. The Calendar of twelve 30-day months and five complimentary days that began on September 22, 1793 is especially interesting.  This is a great introduction into the events and meaning of the French Revolution. It will satisfy the reader who wants just one book on the topic as well as the beginning scholar who is looking for a place to start his or her research.     