 After a hiatus of over 6 years, Billy finally released an album...and it was good...very good. I have been a fan of Billy's since 1989, when my college roommate played "A New England" for me.  Since then, the depth of sincerity, the heartfelt songs, and the lightness of his humor have kept me coming back. This album truly details Billy's growth as a human. It is introspective and less outwardly brash and tubthumping (meaning preachy). While I love all those things about his previous works, this album touched me. From Red To Blue really talks about how one deals with changing views and shifting priorities as we get older.  It details how some friends become more conservative and some of us become more pragmatic.  "Should I vote red for my class, or green for our children?" The Space Race is Over truly addresses the bridge between ages and how our goals/dreams have changed.  Billy talks about dreaming about reaching the moon (about the time it was happening): "When I was young I told my mum, I'm going to walk on the moon someday...".  Yet his son doesn't get it: "My son and I stand beneath the great night sky, and gaze up in wonder. I tell him the tale of Apollo, and he says, "Why did they ever go?" One of his most Braggish moments is in Northern Industrial Town.  Billy vividly describes life in a North Industrial Town...warts and beauty marks and all.  However, he ends it with a classic bang [or heavy irony], which leaves you thinking (and is STILL poignant to those who have followed the peace talks in North Ireland). "But it's not Leeds or Manchester, Liverpool, Sheffield nor Glasgow. It's not Newcastle-on-Tyne, It's Belfast. It's just a northern industrial town. Merry christmas, war is over. In a northern industrial town." Finally, two songs (Brickbat and The 14th of February)that truly wrap up what being in a loving relationship is about, love (of course) and nostalgia. Brickbat, a truly touching song about how being in a loving relationship and growing old/up go hand-in-hand.  "I used to want to plant bombs at the Last Night of the Proms, but now you'll find me with the baby, in the bathroom, with that big shell, listening for the sound of the sea..." The 14th of February.  This sums up the whole song and captures the wish that we all have: "I wish that I could remember the first moment that we met. If only I could remember that sweet moment when we met. If I knew then that I would spend the rest of my life with you I imagine I would have held your gaze a little longer when first our eyes met." Billy sums up the whole album perfectly in The Space Race is Over: "...I can't help but feel that we've all grown up too soon" So, for all you Billy Bragg fans, this is truly a wonderful album.  For those of you who are not YET Bragg fans, buy this, you will thank me...and you will thank yourself.     