 I just got an Apple iBook this month and honestly, I couldn't be more happy!  When I first took the iBook out of the box, I couldn't help but admire its design.  It has a smooth, sleek surface, is compact in size, and has an apple icon that illuminates when turned on.  Apple really takes the eye-candy award, from packaging to product design; they sure know how to make an appealing product.  My initial impression of Mac OS X was how quickly it takes to start up - only half the time it takes for Windows XP to load up.  My next surprise was when I found wireless was compatible with the dock we own for our Windows-based laptops; I was certain I'd have to purchase the $200 Airport docking station.  I've traveled all over with my iBook, and it picks up all sorts of wireless connections to connect to the internet with.  Having used Windows all my life, I wasn't sure I'd be able to adapt to a new operating system.  Within two hours of exploring my new iBook, though, I figured out all the commands I needed to know (how to copy & paste, take a screenshot, and force quit a program) and found features I preferred over Windows!  Mac OS Tiger X has sticky notes to write memos on, a very complete encyclopedia and dictionary, a fun game called Nanosaur II (which can be played with 3D glasses and is spectacular!), and different widgets to play around with.  I was worried my favorite programs wouldn't be compatible, but I installed AOL with no difficulty and found an unofficial release of Google Earth for Mac operating systems.  The Apple iBook's performance is amazing, too.  I've used my iBook for a few weeks now, and haven't had a single pop-up or crash.  It's lightning-fast and great at multi-tasking - no frozen screens that take 30 seconds to thaw.  Overall, I don't regret switching to Apple at all - I only regret not doing it sooner.  I'm in awe by the iBook and have a brand loyalty to Apple now.  Thank you, Apple, for such an amazing, durable laptop that gives such a great performance!     