 I was crossing my fingers about this one and was not dissappointed. Should be 5 stars (the Amazon rating system somehow fouled up on me). This DVD captures Cream like we had dreamed of seeing them. Although some of the youthful energy is gone (NSU, for instance), it is more than made up by experience, the result being that they have become the seasoned blues/jazzmen they strove for in their heyday. I was struck by the fact that, being a big Clapton fan, songs I had not expected would impact on me did so the most; i.e. Baker's Pressed Rat and Warthog and Bruce's tour de force on Muddy's Rollin' and Tumblin' (with his harp and EC's slide work a searing rendition). Ginger's Toad confirms the fact that his strength lay in supreme skill and not the brute force of many who followed his footsteps. What's so cool about this version of Cream is the fact that they did nor return to the Marshall stack/SG/OB3 instrumentation, but realized a new sound based on their current instrument tastes which, although providing a nod to the past, gives the band a contemporary edge. Although, apart from his trusty OB1 bass, Jack relied on a selection of contemporary gear. EC utilized a strat and a pair of Fender tweeds. As the original Marshalls were designed, in part, as a British take on the Fender Bassman, he was able to achieve the fat "woman tone" distortion we are all familiar with and yet color the sound with thinner tones when needed. The only other equipment I noticed was the leslie cabinet (for Badge, of course).. Cream was always about taste in songwriting, playing and singing. This Cream's improvisation, although being as supberb as in the past, is taughter and more economical and is due to, in large part, their maturity as musicians. If you looked closely at the audience, you could see, among others, Brian May and (could that be?)Jimmy Page closely watching these veterans improvise. I thought, however, that shots of "Hollywood celebrities" during some songs (however brief), did divert the attention from where it belonged (the stage). The interviews are honest and heart rending. Age truly has mellowed these personalities somewhat. We all love this band, admire the players and are just grateful they have reunited (as EC said, they are lucky they can reform at this age and perform at such a level). The opening song, "I'm so glad" says it all. Well done. boys!! The video and sound quality is wonderful. Now...for us fanatics, please release a multiple disk set including all performances recorded in Britain, as well as the upcoming New York shows. Upon watching this concert, I promptly went online and purchased a ticket for one of the New York performances. I'll be cheering you on at the Gardens on Oct. 25th.      