 This isn't what I'd hoped it would be....a showcase of the best from RockStar:INXS which was my guilty pleasure this summer. Although the songs recorded ARE those from the first Episode, they were recorded later at the Mayan Theatre. That is immediately obvious upon the first listen. This was a great way to remind myself of those contestants who didn't make it far. You get a version of Dana Robbins singing 'Knockin' on Heaven's Door' with the horrible screech toned down a bit. You get to hear Daphna Dove struggle at keeping up with the band on 'One Way or Another'....don't remember that problem on the show (shrug). If you do want to hear Suzie McNeil sing 'Remedy' with the verses in the 'right' order, this is your chance (grin). I was also eager to hear a more complete version of 'Burnin' Down the House' by Heather Luttrell. Her new CD 'Grits n Pulp' is out. And, actually, although I had no interest in him on the show, Wil Seabrook does a great job on 'Heroes'...enough for me to convert it to MP3 for my player. The star of the CD is, of course, Jordis Unga and the stellar 'Man Who Sold the World'.  I never really paid attention to David Bowie's version. Check out her MP3 downloads for her group 'Liar's Club'. And of course, the 'real' winner of Rock Star:INXS...Marty Casey who was able to grow, explore new things, showcase his talents and escape being 'a lead role in a cage'. Somewhere, sometime, they HAVE to release Marty's version of "Wish You Were Here"....another outstanding song interpretation from the show. I think there would be a market for 'all-Marty-Casey' songs from Rock Star:INXS....I'd buy them. Also, "sweet" Suzie McNeil and, of course, Jordis Unga. All sang enough to provide material for a complete CD of each. And then, the DVD of the complete show (wink). But, I'm dreamin' (grin). Also note that the 'totally rockin' house band' is great throughout the CD as well.  I wish INXS joy with their choice of new lead singer. I didn't understand their choice and don't really like JD Fortune's wobbly voice and Elvis-flavor interjections irrespective of his behavioral foibles, but we'll see. Now I have at least a couple new bands to follow as a result: Lovehammers (Marty Casey) & Liar's Club (Jordis Unga).      