 This is the latest in a line of record labels releasing singles box sets -like The Beatles,The Rolling Stones, Depeche Mode and Duran Duran. Now comes the box set of singles from America's best band Blondie. This is a 15 cd set that includes every UK 45 and 12" release from the Chrysalis label. I have every single one of these 45 and 12"s on vinyl so it was great to own them on cd for the first time. The covers are the selling point for me. What can you say about seeing Debbie Harry on the cover of a single or album cover that brings back great fond memories. The set up for the single label is not the UK Chrysalis label but the 45 Chrysalis label from the German releases- the blue and black labels. I have collected over 100 Blondie singles from different countries: Japan's labels were green, the UK and US were the sky blue with the butterfly logo- so it is great to see the label go into a lot of detail. The greatest label though is set for the "Heart Of Glass" cd single. It is the label for the US 12" release from 1979 with Debbie on the label in the white dress that was on the over of Parallel Lines. To be nine years old again- this was the first 12" record I ever bought and it was a classic to start with. The rarest release on the entire set is the "Call Me" release- it features for the first time anywhere on cd the full 6 minute 12" and instrumental mixes. The US Spanish release was put out on the disco label Salsoul and in the UK the cover of the single was pink- US was white. "Call Me" in Spanish is very very rare and that makes this worth the entire price of the set. Also on the "Rapture" single the Full 8 minute (it says 4 but really is over 8  minutes long) 12" mix for the b-side of the 12" for "Live It Up". "Live It Up" was featured on the out of print 1994 UK cd pressing of Autoamerican and was not put on the reissue in 2001. Very very rare indeed- most don't even know it is even out to begin with. Listen to the break down in the middle of the song---the street sounds  and whistles added are great.     What more can I say about this box set that hasn't been said before- just one more thing: if you are a Blondie freak like me then this is a must own because most of the songs are on the double cd set The Platinum Collection or Blonde and Beyond but it is the covers that make this a collectors item. Buy and listen and look at one of the best bands ever in rock and roll. A+(...)     