 This is the first release from what I would consider the greatest female r&b singer of the last 30 years. White or black fans can attest to Teena Marie being one of the most influential singers of our or any other time. Listen to Alicia Keys and you can see that and so much more.   This cd is from Hip-O-Select and is a expanded version of Teena's first Gordy issue lp Wild And Peaceful and is produced by Rick James and Art Stewart. This booklet is very informative in that you get a deeper background of who and what made this album . First of the fact that Motown would not allow Rick James to produce a full Diana Ross cd is nonsense to begin with. This Rick James album would have been the album that if done would have taken the place of Diana's The Boss album (which considering how amazing that is in the first place sort of makes sense) but still A RICK JAMES produced album still sounds amazing to me. And that is where Teena comes in. From having "I'm A Sucker For Your Love" turned down as a Ms. Ross record it now became her first Top 10 Black Single and started a career of over 27 years now.    The hits off this album were "I'm A Sucker For Your Love" number 8 Black and "Don't Look Back" which hit number 91 black. As with all of Teena's albums someone at her labels have NO clue as to what should be issued as singles. As great as "I'm A Sucker" is the B-Side is the even more amazing track "Deja Vu (I've Been Here Before)" and the b-side to "Don't Look Back" was the even better jazz track "I'm Gonna Have My Cake (And Eat It Too)" which is the only Teena written track on the lp. How could Motown not issue "I Can't Love Anymore" as a track. The No clue from labels in what to issue still continues from her new label Cash Money and the fact that they never issued the superior track "My Body's Hungry" off La Dona .    The full 6 track original album runs about 40 minutes long and is worth your time to own this cd. I originally had it solely as a cassette and finally an affordable cd is available. The BONUS tracks are the Instrumental version of "I'm A Sucker For Your Love" , "You Got The Love" a Rick James left over track that was supposed to be issued on a 1983 lp of the same name as then Teena had moved to Epic records. The final track is a early version of "Fire And Desire" in a cover of "Every Little Bit Hurts" with Teena as the main singer and Rick pleading for love on this version. There was an earlier version of this track on her 1994 Motown hits collection I Need Your Loving.    If the Grammy people had a clue to talent in 1979 the diversity of this 6 track original lp would have given her the Grammy for best new artist . This is hopefully the start of Universal putting out her original lps in remastered and expanded form. Lady T better be next!!! A++++ from start to finish.      