 I bought this in 1981 and own the LP,Cassette, Australian cd, Uk Cd and the US cd. This collection was released in the face of DISCO SUCKS of 1981 when most artists who had done dance music tried and go to other forms of stuff to sell(look at Donna Summer's The Wanderer collection and find out).  This was produced by Nile Rodgers and the late Bernard Edwards of Chic. They came off of their huge hit Diana for Ms. Ross. The collection had 2 hits off of it-"Backfired" #43 pop,71 R&B and 29 club chart and the more Blondie type song "The Jam Was Moving" which got to #82 pop. The album got to 25 and went gold but was a bigger hit in the UK where it got to number 6. The album was written by Debbie,Chris Stein,Nile Rodgers and Bernard Edwards in that you couldn't tell who wrote what because most of the Chic written songs sound like they were written by Debbie and Chris and the Harry/Stein songs sound like Chic written songs. Both parties studied each other very well. The cd begins with "Jump Jump" a little song about a dog being forced to be on show- probably a metaphor to being a famous celeb. To me the best songs on here are "Chrome" which was released as a promo single,"Under Arrest","Military Rap","Now I Know You Know"-which was the second video release directed by H.R. Giger,"Surrender"-the most Chic sounding song on the collection and "Inner City Spillover" which was a 12" mix on the b side of the UK 12" single of "The Jam Was Moving". This was a brave move on the part of Debbie Harry in that she tried to further her move into rap with "Backfired" and tried not to only do more Blondie type songs but just did stuff she wanted to do. This is typical of her solo stuff in that she tried and do the type of songs and styles she wanted to do. Most people rememeber this collection for the cover art-which is considered one of the greatest of all time but the music stands up too. Just a funny collection of funky tunes from Debbie Harry and Chic. Love the Tony Thompson drums!!!!!     