 This cd was supposed to be released in 2001 after working on it after the No Exit cd was already done and charted. This was to be produced by Craig Leon and when the Beyond records label fell apart and he then sued not only the company but the group as well-----the band started over again with some basic tracks now produced by Steve Thompson and Jeff Bova. Steve Thompson began his career as a dance remixer before moving on to producing more rock and metal cds. So the combination of Blondie and Mr. Thompson bring together a great combination. The first single "Good Boys" was produced by Jeff Bova and is a great combination of dance /rock that suits not only the band but hopefully radio. The best track on the cd is "Undone" this is Classic Blondie- smart,hook filled and in your face. This must be a single or I will revolt !!!Too good for words . You know a Blondie cd is gonna be good when Debbie writes the majority of the songs-10 of the 14 songs are hers lyrically. The first track is "Shakedown" and is a crunchy/raunchy rap /sung song about a bad relationship and New Jersey. "GoldenRod" rocks hard,"Rules For Living" is like "Origins Of Love" from Hedwig in that it is a love song told in mystical lyrics- just stunning. "Background Melody(The Only One)" is similar to Portishead/Massive Attack songs -in that it fuses reggae but with a more dubby/rock vibe thrown in. Debbie's vocals are a little different on this song(even more higher vocally than normal). The song is so catchy. The weirdest song on the cd is "Magic(Asadoya Yunta)"which is based on a traditional Okinowan folk song(which is what is says on the booklet) and is starting to grow on me.Then back to the great "End To End" and the romantic Debbie of solo works like "Maybe For Sure"--beautiful song. "Hello Joe" is a fun and light song. "The Tingler" is the only Harry/Stein song on here and is typical of their work from before- smart ,funny,catchy and based in Sci-Fi. "Last One In The World " is a Jimmy Destri track that is very aggressive. "Diamond Bridge" is a Harry/Destri song that is toooooo good for words. Awesome song. "Desire Brings Me Back" begins with saxs going and then kicks a rock beat. For some reason it reminds me a Doors or classic rock song from the 70's --just builds and is very one of a kind. The final track is "Songs Of Love" and is drop dead gorgeous. Jazz influenced you get to hear Debbie full out vocally and then some. Tremendous. The cd on a whole is one of the best work they have done and is more rock(with heavier guitars )than No Exit but in an era of crap vocalists the Fact that Debbie Harry at 58 can come out and rock harder than Michelle Branch, Avril Lavigne or the loser Hilary Duff shows that once the best always the best. This cd must be released in the US soon. This is too good not to. Buy this cd! You will not be sorry. It rocks. Deborah Harry is God!!!!!     