 This is one of dance music's bad habits--- remixing old stuff and thinking anyone will buy it. I grew up with the original 1978/79 version and in the years that everything was disco-- rockers like Kiss, The Rolling Stones and Rod Stewart put out their hybrid of disco and rock to somewhat differening degrees of success. Only Blondie's "Heart Of Glass" comes off as the classic that it is. "Do Ya Think I'm Sexy" actually reached number one for 3 weeks in 1979 on the Disco Billboard chart. Sorry that Warner didn't feel the need to include the original version which alone would have been worth the money. This remix is from the What Is Hip ? Vol. 1 remix cd that also had Seals & Crofts back on the AC chart. The reason for the 3 stars is for 2 reasons---1: the best mixes are the dubs by Peter Rauhofer and Ralphi Roasrio and I hate dub mixes. To me Dub mixes are lazy in that the mixer can't figure out a good way to include the whole vocals. The Craig J mix has too many "effects" that don't let you hear the vocals of Rod as you should do. Craig J has done work for Cher, Madonna and Debi Nova and they were good mixes -- this sadly is not. The Blow Up mix is a bit odd. "Do Ya Think I'm Sexy" is not an electronica song and therefore should have not been mixed as such. They have done great work for Blondie, Yoko and Madonna but this is not their finest mix. The Bastone & Burnz mix features Ishan doing some added rap/vocals that don't belong here. The only good vocal mix is the Ralphi Retro Disco Vox mix. It has the spirit of the original and that is the only saving grace. The second reason for the 3 stars is what I said before : Warner didn't put the original mix on here. It would have been the best reason to buy. Here is the track listing:    1- Ralphi's Retro Disco Vox Mix (7:40)   2- Craig J's Gospel Love Mix (6:37)   3- Ralphi's Sexy Dub Mix (9:18)   4- Bastone & Burnz Sexy Club Mix  with Ishan (7:47)   5- Peter's Body Dub Mix (8:27)   6- Blow Up Remix (6:42)     Not the worst set of remixes but they could have been much better.      