 This is a collection similar to the budget Cyndi Lauper one issued by Sony/BMG last year. This time you get 8 remixes from one of the best Dance Divas from the 80's and 90's with some classic tracks. Taylor Dayne began her career in 1987 with the Arista issued lp Tell It To My Heart and rocked out the soulful white girl title as good as Teena Marie ever did .  For the most part Taylor Dayne was a major POP and Dance act until around 1996 when her Hits collection was issued from Arista and then she was dropped and has put out 1 album of original material for River North -- Naked Without You which produced 2 major dance tracks that are not included here. So this cd features all of Taylor's top 10 dance tracks from Arista (every single she has issued on Arista, River North and Centaur has been a Top Ten dance club track. ) So her is a list of the songs and where they went on the Billboard Dance club charts:    1- Tell It To My Heart (1996 T-empo Single Remix)- 3:46. This went to number 10 and was only a PROMO only single.   2- With Every Beat Of My Heart (Make It Rock Remix)- 7:00. This reached number 8 in 1989 and was the first track off her second cd Can't Fight Fate. The remix is by Richie Jones and if you get the VH1 Classic channel they show the FULL 12" remix of this track as a video.   3- Prove Your Love (Extended Remix)- 7:27. Her first of her 2 number one dance tracks ("Planet Love" on Jellybean records is the other). This is a freestyle type remix that is very faithful to the radio version.    4- Can't Get Enough Of Your Love (C&C Extended Club Mix 1)-6:05. This reached number 2 for 2 weeks and still remains one of her best vocals ever. Listen as she owns every note of this song.   5- I'll Wait (E-Smoove Anthem Vocal Mix)- 7:00. This reached number 3 and was the third track off of Soul Dancing. Still another forceful vocal that dominates this track.   6-  Say A Prayer (Vission Lorimer Remix)-6:28. This track reached number 7 and was originally issued from Soul Dancing but was the second track off her Best Of collection in 1995/96 from Arista . The mix is a bit showy in the loops they use to highlight Taylor's voice but still a good mix. Look for the "Say A Prayer " remix cd single for a smoother David Morales remix.   7-  Don't Rush Me (Extended Mix)-7:15. Another Richie Jones club mix took this track to number 7 in 1988. I never owned this track until this cd because I wasn't sure how good the remix was. It is very faithful to the original mix.   8-  I'll Be Your Shelter (Extended Mix)-5:37-- never issued in the US and as far as I know only in Europe. This is my all time favorite Taylor Dayne track. Part Cher/Tina Turner this track is overdubbed for the remix but still keeps the rock vibe of the original in place. Never hit the US dance charts.   9 and 10 are rare tracks. Track 9 is Willpower and not sure it is a movie track or just a b-side since I have no memory of it. Original Sin was the theme to the Alec Baldwin Comic Book/Serial movie The Shadow. Written by Jim Steinman and sung like the Celine Dion/Meat Loaf/Bonnie Tyler track it is meant to be. It is big and showy and perfect for Taylor Dayne's huge voice. I actually own the promo cd single of this track.    So like the previous reviewers-- the only complaint is that the original 12" remix of "Tell It To My Heart" was not issued on this cd but that is minor to the fact that you get some great dance tracks from such a great vocalist.     