 This cd has 9 mixes of two songs:7 for "A Different Kind Of Love Song" and 2 for "The Music's No Good Without You". The Mixes for "A Different Kind Of Love Song" range from aggressive house to tea party nrg to slight disco. The first mix is the Rosabel Attitude Vocal mix(8:56) and is very aggressive house in every good way -meaning the beats are tough but the vocals are front and center.The second mix is  The Murk Main mix(9:06) is a little more laid back than the first mix. It is very well done. Then you get the Ralphi Rosario Alternative Vox Mix (9:17)and this is more big room type of mix in that is sounds bigger and  more out in sound than normal. Mix 4 is the Rodney Jerkins Main Mix (Faster) (4:19) and shows the R&B /Jeep King producer doing an excellent job of coming around to Cher's dance side by doing a mix that is more club house in style than his usual work that he does for the likes of J-Lo or Mary J. Blige. Very well done. Mix 5 is the Johnny Rocks Mix Show Edit(5:58) and is sort of the Thunderpuss type mix:over the top and then some . This mix is under 6 minutes and works very well for mix shows to play. Mix 6 is the Lenny Bertaldo Different Kind Of Club Mix(7:15) and is the disco mix of the cd. Excellent. Mix 7 is the Craig J Classic Love Mix(7:04) and to me is the Almighty Mix of the cd. Very similar to their work Craig J takes the song to the NRG sound that truly is the persona of Cher in remix form. Best Mix!!!The 2 mixes for "The Music's No Good Without You" come in the Almighty 12" Mix (8:04) which was on the UK cd single and is just perfect. The Second mix is the Walter Taleb Mix(7:40) and sounds similar to "Around The World" by Daft Punk . The vocals are mixed a bit low to the beat but still a good mix. "A Different Kind Of Love Song " recently topped the Billboard club  charts while "The Music's No Good Without You " hit only #19. This is an excellent show of support for Cher as an artist that Warner Brothers decided to release this single to the public instead of most labels 12" vinyl only stance. Good job!     