 This was the last great record for both Donna Summer and for what was starting to "die" for the disco movement. This album came out in 1979 and to me is still by far the best dance record ever put on tape,vinyl,cd and whatever the next format to come. The huge hits include the number ones "Hot Stuff " and "Bad Girls" plus the number 3 hit "Dim All The Lights" which was to be given to Rod Stewart but held back and made huge by Donna herself. Then the 1980 release of "Walk Away" that was pushed out to go with Geffen's release of "The Wanderer" and the European only release of "Sunset People". The original lp came in 2 records so for me when I hear the cd it still is side 1,side 2 ,side 3 and side 4. The first 8 tracks are all dance(a lot more pop though) and features great songs like "One Love In A Lifetime","Can't Get To Sleep At Night" and "Love Will Always Find You". The side 3 or tracks 9-12 are the ballads on this collection and feature some of Donna's best vocal work ever. The best of the ballads are the country influenced perfection that is "On My Honour" and if there was a smart Nashville producer this track would  have been done by a country artist already. "There Will Always Be A You" and "All Through The Night" are gospel influenced ballads. "My Baby Understands " was to be given to Cher for her "Take Me Home" collection but once again Donna held onto it and made it her own. The best tracks on this collection are the last 3 :"Our Love","Lucky" and "Sunset People". Each are more electronically synth driven and are just flat out gorgeous stuff. "Lucky" is the best song Donna Summer has ever recorded in my opinion--listen to the sorrow and hope all in the span of 4 1/2 minutes and you will see why. Just stunning stuff.     The second disc is like the Dance Collection with 12" mixes of the tracks listed and no big surprises. It would do Polygram good to put out  a box set of just 12" mixes for those who don't have "Could It Be Magic" ,"Try Me I Know We Can Make It" or "Heaven Knows" but this is a nice start for those who don't have the original dance mixes already. "On The Radio" and "No More Tears (Enough Is Enough)" with Streisand still kick today .So buy this collection of the greatest dance album ever and get the 12" mixes that made Donna Summer the absolute Queen Of Disco!!!!!!!!!     