 I will always give anything Debbie Harry and Blondie does the highest rating even when the label decides to subtract tracks and DVDs off of the collections. I got the German version of the Sound & Vision :Greatest Hits collection for Christmas from my friend Roland in Holland and I actually bought a region free dvd player from my brother who works at Best Buy for Christmas so I could watch the DVD ahead of the US release. But now as Blondie becomes the first Chrysalis and who knows how long Capitol act to go into the Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame comes this collection. The original cd from Europe had 22 tracks and ran 79 minutes and the dvd had 17 Videos and ran around 57 minutes. The US version from Capitol removes for what unknown reason the SONGS and VIDEOS to "X Offender" and the classic "I'm Always Touched By Your Presence Dear" from the package. I am upset about this because when Capitol issued the Kylie Minogue Ultimate Kylie cd/dvd collection or the Best Shots release from Pat Benatar -- nothing was taken off either cd or DVD. So why Blondie when it was issued as a release to go with their induction of them into the Hall Of Fame. This  makes me angry that these 2 songs and videos were removed. If you have the chance to buy the European dvd version you would see the beginning of "X Offender" with Debbie talking at the beginning of the video and for "Presence Dear" video instead of the car scene from The Best Of Blondie collection you get the shot of the Double Clems that begin the video.  I do not see why they were removed.    Now onto the actual US collection. This Greatest Hits is different than the 2002 Hits collection. This one uses only single mixes for the cd-- for the hits and longer tracks. NO full lp mixes for "Atomic" or "The Tide Is High". They-- like the European version put the UK and US number one tracks out front at tracks 1-7 and in order as well. "Heart Of Glass " from 1979 to "Maria" in 1999. All 7 number one tracks. Plus you also get the classics like "Dreaming"  "One Way Or Another" and "Island Of Lost Souls" that were US top 40 singles. Plus for the first time on a US cd the FULL promo only before now 12" (6:06) Blow Up Mix that Sanctuary issued for "Good Boys". This is the rarest track here because it was a Promo only to Dj's mix that is now on the cd. PLUS you get a brand new version of the classic first huge hit from 1976 "In The Flesh" done electro style by Super Buddha that has worked with Scissor Sisters. PLUS the reason this cd did well in the UK-- the mash up for "Rapture Riders" that is out on UK vinyl 12". Done by Mark Vidler  it uses the music and beat from the original 1981 "Rapture" while mostly using the vocals to The Doors trippy "Riders On The Storm". Listen to Jim Morrison sound so incredible and at ease under the dance beat and then listen for the FULL rap of Debbie's from "Rapture". The original single mix found on the European version of this cd is only 3:46 while on the US version it is 4:04. A tiny bit longer but still not as long as the FULL VERSION (which is 5:43) on 12" and promo cd single.    The Videos-- well from 1976 to 1982 Blondie issued 23 videos from each of their albums. So this is just a primer to when Capitol or EMI finally issue the full release of the 12 tracks of videos from Eat To The Beat. But the plus side (even though they deleated 2 of the best know Blondie videos) is that you get them without the stupid skits from The Best Of Blondie collection. Full and complete videos (although I still think that "Rapture " is from The Best Of Blondie with the beginning) BUT you do get the video that was not on the European issued DVD for "Rapture Riders" so that is a plus. Plus the "The Tide Is High" video is the US VH1 Classic version and not the original 1981 version.     So if you haven't bought the European version of this collection then it is fine to buy the US version because you will get the chance to see the videos completely but remember that Capitol cut 2 of the best videos and songs from this collection and I still have no clue as to why. A++++ again for just the fact that it is Debbie Harry and Blondie and the fact they are finally going into the Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame - a thing that should have happened four years ago. BUY it still.     