 Alex van Warmerdam takes the fairy tale story of Hansel and Gretel and gives it a modern spin with "Grimm."  The story starts off as expected with a small family living near the survival level in the cold north of Holland. With nothing to eat in the house the father shepherds his children, Jacob (Jacob Derwig) and Marie (Halina Reijn), deep into the forest to gather firewood and then abandons them. Lost in the dark, hungry and cold, they stumble upon a dog caught in a bear trap. They put the poor beast out of its misery and, as a bonus, have a hearty meal of roasted dog. The pooch, it turns out, belonged to a nearby farmer who takes the abandoned pair into his home, but he has a motive other than his supposed kindness.  The farmer has a rotund wife whose sexual desires are ablaze and he forces Jacob, at gunpoint, to service his lusty spouse. The brother and sister are locked in a room and Jacob is sure that he will be called to duty, again, soon. They execute a plan that works far better than expected and make their escape. Jacob finds a note from his mother saying something along the lines of "Sorry, kids, go see your uncle in Spain." This is where "Grimm" falters and loses its way as it moves away from the fairytale into a story of incestuous jealousy, human organ theft, submission and revenge.  They can't find their way home but they do make their way to Spain only to learn that the uncle is dead. The next thing you know Marie disappears, Jacob tracks her down to a villa where he finds out his sister is married to a wealthy surgeon, Diego (Carmello Gomez), who cares for his ill sister, Teresa (Elvira Minguez). There is something sinister afoot, though, and jealous Jacob finds himself drugged, abandoned and minus one kidney. This begins a convoluted story of recovery and retribution.  I liked the imagination "Grimm" starts off with but disappointed that it turns into a string of disjointed episode that could be called "The Misadventures of Jacob and Marie."      