 Just to clear up a few things people have said before I get into my review so you buyers are not misled. First of all, this album has such a great amount of melody that it's insane someone calls it screamo. He does some of those trademark grunts and growls but they are placed at good points in the song. You can listen to the 30 second clips and already you can tell that the songs are much more melodical and there's really no screaming. David doesn't do that screaming Mudvayne and Korn do. His voice is far too smooth for that.  Secondly, they are nothing like the pop scene nowadays. Actually, a song on this disc, Sons of Plunder, is written about that machine in this industry that keeps spitting out the same music as labels try to find the 'next big thing' and pummel it down our throats. Disturbed is not part of that machine and they show it with another excellent release that shows growth while retaining that old sound.  Some of that growth is the addition of guitar solos which were absent in the past two albums. This, in itself, is a huge bonus since I'm a huge solo fan. The one in the single 'Stricken' is my personal favorite though there is equally chill inducing solos in Overburdened, Land Of Confusion(brief but effective) among other songs. Another point of growing is with addition to former Union Underground bassist John Moyer he kind of helps them with a fresh sound while still keeping that Disturbed trademark. It's a shame Fuzz left but Moyer fits in perfectly.  Lyric wise this is by far their best work. A few of the tracks like Deify, Overburdened, and even the cover to Genesis's song Land Of Confusion(nearly 20 years later) all fit a similar theme dealing with the political events recently(particularly from a soldiers POV). Now, I don't agree with Disturbed's beliefs but I know that they stand for what they believe in and there are other views out there from my own. That being said, this album isn't as politically driven as recent albums American Idiot and System of a Down's latest. The lyrics do a good job of leaving interpretation up to the listener and I wouldn't have it any other way. Other lyric content focus on relationships with certain people as well as the aforementioned pop scene.  In closing, Dave best described this album as a combination of The Sickness and Believe. I'd say he was certainly right as theirs a rougher, darker edge from Sickness in these songs combined with the melody of Believe. What you get is an amazing album that shows growth in the band which is what you want. My personal favorite songs are Stricken, Just Stop, Overburdened, and Forgiven. I love every song though and even the cover Land Of Confusion is wonderfully done(much more so than Shout 2000).     