 Yes, this is Chris Volz's new band. His best gift might be his curse because his amazingly unique voice is going to draw comparisons with Five Bolt Main to Flaw. For the record, I find this CD so much better than Flaw's best, Through The Eyes.   Right off the bat The Gift gets your blood pumping. A hooky chorus brings a good song together to be a great opener. Pathetic is the next song and it also happens to be the bands first single. You can find the music video over at launch.yahoo I believe. I've heard this song from way back when the demo was released and this song really is a perfect example of how the songs go on this album. That is, the songs usually change once or twice be it from the pace or the style Chris sings. His vocals are so diverse he can really touch many bases and keep things fresh.  Wait In Line is another hard so that has a great chorus backed up by great guitar and drum work. Chris really lets loose on his screaming too. Broken Compass is really the only slow song on the album and even then there's a pleasant surprise waiting at the end of the song. From here on out every song is heavy and stands out in it's own way. The only song that sounds a little out of place is Life Of Mine. For some reason the chorus just doesn't fit the hard style FBM establish throughout the disc.   My personal favorite songs are tracks 10 and 11. Descending is probably my favorite with a very memorable bass beat and perfect timing with the vocals. The band really seems to hit on all cylinders in this song. The hardest song on the album, Made Like This, seems to be perfect for head banging and mosh pits. It caught my attention from the first listen and the harmonizing near the end of the song really works well. Ivan shows some excellent drum work here too. Bid Farewell is a good closer with catchy vocals.  Really, throughout this whole album every part seems to be strong. The lyrics are written well and can apply to anyone. The name of the album 'Venting' is both a play on their band name(Vent) before the change and a foreshadowing of the album to be meant to unless anger and vent. The listener will certainly get this vibe and won't be let down. If you are a fan of Flaw I know you'll love this stuff and if you never heard of them but like bands like Disturbed or Seether you should love this as well.     