 Upon getting this CD in your hand and opening the creatively cut and folded box you get the feeling you're in for quite another journey. Vitalogy was their first album experimenting with different box art and it was done very well. It fully captured the feel of the album and this one is no different. No Code gives you lyrics on the back of collectable mock polaroid photos inside a little sleeve. Throughout the art of No Code you see a variety of pictures, some gruesome and others slightly disturbing but they all cover a wide range of either cultures or groups of people. This is the album that Pearl Jam went in a variety of different directions. While doing this PJ lost most of their casual fans but only reaffirmed thier hardcore fans belief that they're one of the best bands.  'Sometimes' opens the album up slowly while building up near the end. It's probably my least favorite song on the album but it works as an opener to show you what direction they are going in. Hail Hail is one of the more upbeat songs and has some of my favorite lyrics like "are you woman enough to be my man?...bandaged hand in hand". Songs like In My Tree and Who You Are certainly can be described as experimental be it the clapping or the interesting drumming. It should be said that No Code probably wouldn't have happened like this without Jack Irons on the drums. The experimentation will probably take some time for people to get used to but rest assured it will come with time.  This album has worked it's way up my charts of favorite albums(and favorite PJ albums) with songs as strong as Smile(upbeat with beautiful solos), Off He Goes(slower paced and powerful lyrics), Red Mosquito(in the vein of Smile with another great solo) and possibly their best slow song Present Tense. I've used Present Tense in a small little video I made for Hurricane Katrina relief and it fit beautifully with the lyrics and overall mood of the song. If anyone has given up on this album or are tempted to I ask you to keep giving it listens. Eddie Vedder excels at writing lyrics that fit critical points in our lives and it especially rings true on No Code.  If you want evidence listen to I'm Open. It's not really a song so much as a story. Ed does a great voiceover fit for any storyteller as he talks about when a child becomes an adult and the magic of childhood disappears. It gave me chills to listen to it and when you listen to the lyrics in pretty much all of these songs you can get the same effect.   While No Code is a softer album than their others it's still just as amazing. There's still the hard rockers like Habit, Lukin, or Hail Hail but Pearl Jam really matured with No Code. It was certainly for the best and necessary to stand the test of time. If you've been getting Pearl Jam albums I definately suggest to not stop and get this. New fans of PJ I'll give you the same advice I was given. Start with Ten and feel the growth of the band all the way to Riot Act.     