 Haven't heard a bad PJ album yet and Yield is no exception. That being said, it's not my favorite and ranks 4th on my list. I'll start by giving you a few reasons why I give this 4 stars. The first is I skip three tracks on a regular basis. Those are the unknown 8th track of only drums, Push Me, Pull Me, and Do The Evolution. Before anyone gets on my case about DTE there's a reason. The song itself sounds fine but I don't care at all for evolution. I understand a lot of people like it though and it's certainly not a bad song. Push Me, Pull Me is a song a lot like I'm Open on No Code in that Ed has this voice over thing going and the song is a little funky.  Enough of the bad, onto the good. First of all, Given To Fly is my second favorite Pearl Jam song behind only Rearviewmirror. It's a bit slower paced but the lyrics are amazing. Not to mention at the climax of the song Eddie really belts it out. The other songs I find strong are Wishlist(a slow song that can hold many different meanings), Low Light(written by Jeff Ament, most unique track but beautifully written), and No Way. Throughout you can tell each song is a bit less experimental than No Code while still delievering a different sound. The PJ usual guitar solos and amazing vocals are all there as you'd expect. There's the interesting song like Pilate that has a chorus you wouldn't really expect as well.   At this point if you've been getting all the PJ CD's in order you'll notice they always seem to do a great job on album artwork that captures the feel of the album itself. In this case you have an open road with a Yield sign. To me this, along with the booklet of black and white pictures showing beautiful locations, give a feel of infinite possibilites or an open mind. With some of the topics of the songs like Faithful, Do The Evolution, Given To Fly, Wishlist, you get that same feel. Pearl Jam are the masters to me when it comes to making music really seem like an art. They also get better with every album and you never can predict what each will sound like before your first listen.  Overall, if you've liked Pearl Jam's work(most particularly No Code) you should love this album all the same. Whatever you do don't give up on PJ after a listen or two when it comes to a new album. This is the case with Yield as it may take some time to grow on you.      