 This album, the third in Pearl Jam's great catalog, has a certain feel to it that's summed up so well with the CD case. The content of this album seem to play around with the word 'vitality'. Throughout the cleverly designed booklet you have many instances be it articles, mini-stories, or pictures that have central theme of the power to survive or the energy to live and what not. Pearl Jam gets bonus points here for really setting the mood for the album as you flip through the book and listen. Now on to the music.  The first song, Last Exit, is beautiful rocking song with a solid little solo. Spin The Black Circle is one of the hardest songs on the album and it's classic Pearl Jam. It's a song about getting record and spinning it letting yourself be taken away. I'm sure many of us who love music get feeling like those in the song. The third song, Not For You, has a great beat to it and keeps up with the rock song. Tremor Christ is a solid song but certainly not one of my favorites.   Next comes a beautiful slow song, Nothingman, which I feel is related to the best song on this CD, Better Man (11th track). Both have their lyrics written on the same yellow notebook paper(though that's not quite solid evidence) and have the same type of subject matter.  These two songs are the real jems of this disc and are the main reasons I keep coming back to this album.  Nothingman is followed by Whipping which is a song about as hard as Spin The Black Circle.  Now comes the part of the album that gives this 4 stars. I tend to skip 'Pry, To', 'Bugs', 'Satan's Bed', 'Aye Davanita' depending on my mood. These songs are rather unique and some people love them. In between those songs are Corduroy and the aforementioned Better Man. Corduroy is great and has some sweet guitar work at the end. The last good song is track 12, Immortality. Some people have said it's a tribute to Kurt Cobain but I don't think it was written after that happened. It might hold more meaning now though as it's a beautifully written song. The last one is one of those weird songs that I've listened to only once. It's a rather creepy track and probably shouldn't be called a song.  Despite all the songs I tend to skip this album is still great compared to other stuff out there today. I like this PJ album the least but because of the songs I do like being so great it earns high honors. This one shouldn't be missed from PJ fans.     