 First things first, I have never listened to any of Bush's material and I really didn't know how popular they were until recently. However, from what I've read on message boards that works well for me. Most Bush fans seem to be expecting Bush with Gavin's first record with his new band. Because of this they tend to be disappointed because this isn't Bush. My advice to any Bush fans is listen to this album with an open mind and don't go in thinking it's Bush Part II. If you do this you're in for a treat.  To start things off, the single Bullet Proof Skin is a perfect opener. You might've heard the song on the Stealth soundtrack or on the radio and it's one of my favorites off the album. Gavin opens the song beautifully with a very melodic, calm tone before the song busts open. This song definately grew on me the more I listened to it. The CD keeps going from there not letting up until Ambulances, more on that later. There's some strong riffs throughout the album like in The Heat Of Your Love and Seventh Wave.  Now, the album isn't heavy in terms of screaming vocals like you'll find in most music nowadays. Instead it's heavy in guitar work and Gavin's voice flows wonderfully with it. It should be said he has one of the best voices I've heard recently and again, since I never heard of Bush, this is all new to me. The variety in his vocals from singing softly to loudly work real well.   The other reviewer here did hit on a point I agree with. Lyrically some of the songs could be better. It really kills Information Age, which is the weakest song on the album(but still listenable). It just seems like at certain parts of these songs the lyrics were thrown together as you'd expect them to without much creativity. Luckily enough Gavin can deliever them well enough to have even the worst lyrics tolerable. This doesn't happen on every song, mind you.  Come On Over is probably my favorite song at the moment aside from the softer Ambulances. Both are probably the strongest lyrically and have strong choruses. As I said, Ambulances is probably the softest song on the album. Basically the album starts with 8 hard songs before it softens up for the last 4.   This album is certainly worth the buy. Just go into it with an open mind looking to enjoy the music and Institute will take care of the rest. And don't judge a CD by it's cover either. Granted, this isn't the best cover for a rock band but it certainly doesn't represent the band's music.     