 Riot Act falls smack dab in the middle of all their albums for me. I hate none of their material so it's a good list to begin with. Anyways, Riot Act is most similar to Binaural but even then it's a unique entity of its own. Some of the songs on here, like Save Me or I Am Mine sound like classic Pearl Jam songs. Others, like You Are, Green Disease, or Bushleaguer, sound like classic Pearl Jam quarky songs. All of them are good and with good reason.  Some might say Vedder hasn't sung like he used to but I don't see how they get that. He's just singing a slightly different style than in the early days but he still does well live. Mike McCready has never failed to impress me and he has some very good solos, his best being in 1/2 Full. I think I also like Matt Cameron the best on the last two albums over any of the previous drummers they've had. He's pretty much an all around drummer who doesn't specialize in anything but rocking out.   Back to the music, there's certainly not a bad song on here. My least favorite is Help Help but it's still very much listenable. Love Boat Captain is particularly touching because of its subject being those 9 lost souls a few years ago in that accident. From what I understand the track Arc is a tribute to them as well as it was a unique way Eddie learned to unless his emotions without words. It's quite soothing actually.  If you're a relatively new PJ fan who hasn't gotten to Riot Act yet let me reassure you by saying it's not their worst album and it still sounds like PJ. As I was getting the albums in order starting from Ten I kind of read reviews(both on here and elsewhere) for all the albums. I was sort of dreading getting to Binaural and Riot Act because some people seemed to have hated either one or the other. As it turns out Binaural is so close to topping Vs. as my favorite album and Riot Act is just below Ten for 3rd. There's less experimentation on the last two records then Vitalogy or No Code had and they're really a mix of the previous 5 albums. For really new fans I suggest to start from the beginning and work your way up but once you get here you won't be disappointed.     