 A lot of people have been disappointed because this isn't Leave A Whisper part II. I'm happy that Shinedown decided to do something different as they matured as a band as opposed to releasing an album of singles that everyone seems to want. This is one of those albums that, because it doesn't sound like their first, it's going to more than likely take some time to grow on you. And grow on me it has, I love it.  The pace in this album as a whole is slower than Leave A Whisper but that's for the better. You can still feel the passion in each song and it's good to know they are writing music they can feel. There's at least no specific formula for the songs and you really are getting an entirely new album.  The first track, The Dream, is just a minute long poem being said by a little girl to set the mood of the album. The material is rather dark throughout the album and it's a very interesting poem. Heroes is a solid opener about various people from Dimebag to the people in the band's lives that they've looked up to. It's not the best song on the album but it works as an opener. This is the only song where Brent sounds like Chris Cornell too, which isn't a bad thing. Next up is their first single, Save Me, which grew on me a lot. The first time you listen to it you may not be impressed but as you listen to it more the guitar solo sticks out and Brent's voice shines. It should be said that throughout Us And Them Brent has an amazing variety and retains his place among the best vocalists.   I Dare You is definately different from anything they've done in the past and is a good song. My two favorite songs, Beyond the Sun and Lady So Divine, are amazing. Beyond The Sun starts off slow but the chorus is really moving. Lady So Devine is a 7 minute long song that doesn't get boring. There's an amazing guitar solo in it right in the middle and this song is the perfect example of them growing as a band. There's more guitar solos and creative guitar riffs that melt with Brent's voice perfectly.   Back to the songs, Trade Yourself In's verses are sung in an addictive way that make the song stick out along with a solid guitar solo. Shed Some Light makes wonderful use of a cello and the slower pace fits well at this point in the record before the next three harder songs. Begin Again has another great chorus much like Leave A Whisper's songs did and for a first we hear Brent give his hand at some powerful screaming. Atmosphere probably is one of the few songs that would fit on Leave A Whisper and that's certainly not bad. Fake gets back to the feel of this album which is a slightly slower pace and no specific formula. The last song, Some Day, starts off really slow but picks up greatly and finishes the album strong. If you have the limited addition version(very much worth it with a 36-page booklet and 3 acoustic songs) you aren't done. The acoustic versions of Save Me, I Dare You and Some Day are all excellent and give a nice second view on those songs so much that you may even like their rock versions more.  All in all, this album is going to do to Shinedown what No Code did for Pearl Jam. It's different enough that the loyal fans who enjoy music and want creativity will stay with the band and grow. The casual fans or ones that prefer an album of singles will depart in anger and feel betrayed. Change is necessary to stand the test of time and I only hope Shinedown will continue to be creative. 5/5 easily and one of the best albums of the year.     