 I never was much of a Cold fan so this review should be helpful for others who come from the same view or maybe Cold fans who don't want to look at it like an extension of Cold. It took some spins to get used to Point of Origin before I started really getting into it. I'll start by saying the only problem I have with the CD. It's a little too short for my liking. I prefer a CD to have 11-13 tracks ranging from 45-50 minutes to make it last. Allele has 10 tracks(one hidden instrument to make it 11) but the problem is it's really only 38 some odd minutes. About 8 minutes of the 47 or so is blank space at the end of the tenth track Unknown. It serves to keep the 11th hidden so in reality the CD is only 38 minutes, which is too short.  That being said, what music is there works well. Some songs might run into each other a bit but there's some real stand out tracks. In particular, I love Unknown, Tightrope, Immune, and the Lies. The first single, Closer To Habit, is very catchy and also stands out. Unknown hits me hard because there's a sweet guitar solo near the end and the lyrics have some real meaning to me. Speaking of which, the lyrics in Point of Origin might seem a bit sad or depressing to start but they all seem to have a message of hope that comes by the end. This is another reason I like Allele, they don't have that "the world is doomed" type thing going on and have some meaningful bright lyrics. The guitar riffs by Kelly and Lane come off catchy and Wally Wood has some great vocals. It's hard to explain but he seems to have a unique voice at times while somehow managing to sound familiar.   Allele basically boils down to what I'd call a hard rock band. They fit in with other bands you've probably heard on the radio but the riffs and vocals keep them unique enough to catch your attention. I like to think of them as a cross between Breaking Benjamin and 10 Years or Dark New Day but you can see even I struggle to put my finger on it. Wally sings great melodies as well as screams at well placed times to fit in with today's music. If you are a hard rock fan or a fan of the bands I mentioned above I urge you to listen to the samples on here or go to their website([...]) and listen to their E-card. Hopefully with their next album they'll put together a longer list of songs and music with some slower songs as well.     