 I've been a Nickelback since Silver Side Up and only do not own The State. Silver Side Up is my favorite album of theirs and I was disappointed in The Long Road. They basically made an album of singles that sounded the same and took a step back. Now with All The Right Reasons I'm happy they didn't release a sequel to The Long Road. Their sound hasn't really changed at all and for some people that's good and others may find that bad. I like seeing a band mature and grow and to me that stopped with Silver Side Up. Here I must say I see them doing a few new things. Before I fully get into the review I have to say some of these guitar solos are done very well, best they've put out. Also, Chad has an amazing talent to create hooky vocals and choruses that stick in your head. That's probably what makes this band listenable to me.  To start off,  Follow You Home is a strong song complete with a guitar solo and catchy chorus. It really starts the album off good and sets the pace. You can also see the effect Daniel Adair from 3 Doors Down is going to have on the album. The next song, Fight For All The Wrong Reasons follows suit with a very catchy bridge near the end complete with echo effects. After that is their single Photograph that surprised me. I usually don't care for ballads too much but this one actually sent chills down my back. I've also been careful to not overplay it so I don't lose the enjoyment of this song like a few Nickelback songs in the past did. What follows is probably my favorite song on the album even though it's a tad bit short(3:06). Yes, Animals may be about wild sex and it's not the lyrics that make me enjoy this song(though they are cleverly put together despite the subject). It's the way Chad sings, it's hard to explain but right off the bat this song jumped out at me. It really gets your head moving as well as your foot tapping.   At this point in the album I can see there's no specific formula to these songs like in The Long Road. That is, the only forumla seems to keep coming up is most every song is about relationships in some form or another. The second half is another story though.  Savin' Me is a slower song that reminds me very much of an old Silver Side Up song whose name escapes me. There's a nice solo in here to round out an average song. Now Far Away, on the other hand, is a slow song that is something different that really works. I can see this song being a big hit to people who are in relationships. I can also seeing it be in about every drama movie soundtrack or something like that. Next Contestent is a good song about a boyfriend being protective of his girlfriend who has a bunch of other men hanging all over her. Lyrically it reminds me of Just For off of Silver Side Up and naturally it has catchy vocals to keep it interesting.  Side Of A Bullet is the song dedicated to Dimebag and features an amazing solo by the man himself. It's definately one of the best songs on the CD and a good tribute. If Everyone Cared is the second song to use the piano and it's nothing new. At this point the album starts getting a little uninteresting hence the 4 stars. Something That Your With is an average song that has that similar relationship type theme and doesn't really jump out at me. Rockstar is an interesting song lyrically but also doesn't really stand out as a closer.  Overall, if you're a Nickelback fan your going to love this. If you've been turned off by their recent efforts because they've done nothing new then you may or may not like this. Some of the songs on here are really something different and having Daniel as the drummer certainly helped. Then there's songs that seem typical Nickelback fashion. And of course, if you're a Nickelback hater your going to keep on hating because this album isn't changing your mind.     