 In studying the language of African Americans, there is rich, historical tradition of oral communication that pre-dates our arrival to the shores of America.  Each time an author braves the winds and waves of time to re-capture how we say things, and why we say the things that we say is a cause for not only for excitement, but a reason for celebration. Geneva Smitherman has accurately captured the humor, wit, and wisdom of our language in her revised volume "Black Talk: Words and Phrases from the Hood to the Amen Corner (2000, Houghton Mifflin Publishers, 305 Pages)."  With 300 additional new terms, phrases and definitions included, the book is quickly going to be a writer's companion, a teacher's dictionary and a journalist's friend.  It covers a great deal of distance, and provides some explanations as to OUR language, our customs, and our traditions. Now, the work was originally released in 1994.  Smitherman has expanded this volume by including a little history behind our pronunciation patterns, the pros and cons of the great Ebonics debate of the 1990s, and brought forth explanations of terms that have found their way into the American mainstream from our people.  One of the true beauties of this work is the inclusion of the Amen Corner--some of those terms and phrases that have emerged from the walls and pulpits of many a Black preacher, and Black church congregation. This book will have young and old alike anxiously turning the pages to find out the meanings and the history behind such phrases as `Stuck On Stupid' (which is one of my personal favorites), and `Benjamins' (which has several sub-meanings coming from the Hip Hop language of today).  No, it won't have the `exact' time and date of such word origins--but it does provide enough uncluttered background confirming whether or not a phrase or word which originated with us has/has not slipped into the American pool of daily conversation. With all of the `fuss' being made over being bi-lingual because of the infusion of more and more of the Hispanic community into the American mainstream, Smitherman's work clearly shows that our language had long cleared the way for such inclusion.  I would encourage any parent interested in teaching/reaching their youth concerning the historical origins of our language to invest in a copy of this book.  Who knows?  You, like I, may re-discover part of your childhood, as you can reflect on some of the sayings of your parents and grandparents around the dinner table, or on the porch during those summer evenings `Down Home'.  I highly recommend it. Mike Ramey     