 C. Mason Weaver, author of the hit "It's OK To Leave The Plantation" is back in full force with another 'underground success' monster in a small package: "The Rope: A New Perspective On Freedom And Success" (2001, Reeder Publishing, 84 Pages). This one is just right for the briefcase, or the back pocket and is easy enough to digest in an afternoon, which I did recently. Weaver gets to the point quick as to why many of us DON'T achieve what we COULD achieve in the realm of business and commerce. The main thrust: There are too many 'economic slaves' and not enough 'Free Enterprise Warriors'.  Weaver gives solid emotional and encouraging examples as to how and why some of us never make the jump from 'wage slave' to 'business owner', which I will be happy to paraphrase: *We ANXIOUSLY surround ourselves with naysayers and negative thinkers and adjust our vision to make them happy; *We have FORGOTTEN that we WERE and ARE a race of economic 'risk takers' who have lapsed into the 'what government can do for me' rather than 'what I can do for myself and my family', and; *We have become satisfied with the creature comforts rather than figuring out what we need to get our own and help others to get theirs! ...  However, just like a Barber's clippers going after stray hairs that could mess up a cut, Weaver cuts away some of our OWN bad attitudes towards economic success. He makes a strong case for not only business ownership, but INDEPENDENT BUSINESS OWNERSHIP. You'll laugh out loud as Weaver explains 'The Rope', and why there are too many that would rather be content with what they have and not dare to go for the 'deep water' of business success, regardless of how many times one may have failed in the past. The past is the past, according to Weaver, and the future is YOURS if you want to move up to a new level of thinking and DOING. This small book is available from the publisher by email request..., or checking on line or your local bookstore. C. Mason Weaver scores again...and its the right time to make that next economic step UP, to business ownership.     