 At a time when there is a true need for concise information on the subject of Islam as it compares to the belief structure of the Christian faith, along comes Dr. Frederick K. C. Price with the third volume in his "Race, Religion, and Racism" series.  The third book has the subtitle of "Jesus, Christianity and Islam" (2002, Faith One Publishing). 	Just to bring you up to speed, I'll provide a little background on the series.  During the mid-1990s, Dr. Price first presented "Race, Religion, and Racism" as a teaching series in his church.  Crenshaw Christian Center in Los Angeles, California was the epicenter of some 60-plus weeks of truth that rocked America. Pastor Price, prior to the series, spent several years in study on the topic.  Thus, if one had the opportunity to see the series presented, the books track consistently. 	This latest volume could best be thought of as a consumer's guide to both the belief and faith structures of these two well-known religions.  In Price's view, one must understand not only the core books of Islam (the Koran and the Hadith), but one must also understand what has been said by some of the leaders in Islam in the United States. Dr. Price presents a balanced and well documented presentation of what has been said, what has been written, and what has been spoken by those involved in Islam--including the Nation of Islam and some of its leadership as it compares with the Bible. 	One of the particularly interesting items of the book centers upon Black History and how, through deception, some African Americans are lured into Islam without exploring or even understanding our own Christian heritage.  Without giving away too much of the contents of the work, let us just say that Price does inform, and give the reader a choice--by placing both faiths side-by-side and allowing the reader to make up their own mind. 	The third volume in this series does maintain the standard set out by Price when he began the series.  It is a much needed addition to one's own library, and biblical knowledge.     