 'Only Black America Can Save Black America' 	Before you purchase a copy of 'Project 2019: Socioeconomic Equality Through Formal Education' by Charles E. Sanford, be warned. It's one of those books that will keep you turning the pages through an entire weekend (1998, Hundred School Publishing, USA, 219 Pages).  	Sanford does a skillful job of stating his case for true Black progress in the United States.  The historical references and statistical information provided by him are easy to digest, and, if need be, easier to teach in a classroom setting.  In fact, I would recommend this book be at the top of the Black History Month list for anyone serious about solutions, instead of excuses, when it comes to Black Pride and our success as a people. 	Have you ever picked up a book, and from the opening pages found that YOU had actually spoken these items to yourself or your family?  One can't help but to identify with this work at that level.  This 'twenty-year plan' for our success as a people, according to Sanford's preface, was birthed during the 1992 Los Angeles riots.   	The book is composed of some 24 separate issues, ranging from slavery, racism, and our winning the Civil Rights struggle, coming up to our need to re-emphasize the value of an education to our youth.  Sanford is bold enough to mention the types of critics he will likely find as the clock continues to tick towards 2019, as well as the pluses and minuses of what could happen to our people if the plan is put into motion into EVERY Black home. 	Sanford's work should be in a second edition as public interest continues to grow.  It is the first work of its type in this still new millennium that is not shrill, nor condemning. It states the facts, and puts down the challenge.  Either WE, as a people, are going to have to get back to demanding that our youth stay in school, or we will not achieve as a people. 	I would recommend this book for anyone with children of middle-school age and higher.  This book would also find a home with some of our 'at risk' youth, who may be either incarcerated, or on probation or parole. It will give them something more than they can find on television and the movies.  It will give them hope that they can turn their lives around, and become productive citizens.  I especially like how Sanford handled the voting and Affirmative Action issues.  Some great food for thought'and traction for real community action. ...  You won't be sorry to make the inquiry'or investment in the book.     