 While not exactly a pieced of hard-hitting investigative journalism, Williams' book is one that most NFL fans will find enjoyable.  It's not to cause much in the way of controversy because of its non-critical tone towards players, agents, coaches, and just about everyone involved in the draft, but it's still a good look at the process involved when a player moves from college to the pro ranks.  Focusing on several players - among them Chris Canty, Fred Gibson and Ray Willis - Williams examines the events that take place from the time a player "graduates" from school (many drop out immediately after their team's bowl game) up through the draft itself.  Besides the players, Williams also looks at the role played by many others, including coaches, compliance directors, families, agents, and teammates.  The book's strength is that Williams goes lightly on all the participants.  It's easy to portray agents as sharks, or schools as taking advantage of the kids, but Williams sticks to facts without adding too much of his own spin.  That's not to say that he doesn't criticize certain people or tactics, but he's more interested in passing the story along to the reader for them to make their own judgments.  It's this nonjudgmental approach that allows us to draw our own observations about featured coaches like Al Groh, or agents like Jack Scharf and Pat Dye, Jr.  They may not always come across in the most positive light, but they're at least given a fair chance to speak for themselves without being judged by the author.  If there's a weakness to the book, it's that Williams spreads himself a little thin.  With trying to cover the roles played by everyone listed above, the book can often seem scattered or presented in a non-linear way.  When dates jump back and forth, it can be a little confusing, especially from a book geared towards a very specific date.  However, it's difficult to fault the author too much for trying to present so much information without loading us down with a 500-page work.  This isn't a subject that has been covered often in such great detail, so Williams' work should be a worthwhile read for any fan of the game.  For those of us who spend much of the off-season worrying about our team's draft-day prospects, this is an essential read.  A title that will be enjoyable for any NFL fan, this one is recommended.     