 Given the long and rich history of the NFL draft, a reference resource like this is certainly welcome.  However, this is a pretty disappointing effort, one that isn't nearly as comprehensive or helpful as I would have hoped.  The first section of the book is devoted to articles discussing the history of the draft, including its growth into the spectacle that it is today.  There are also looks at hits and misses, and other historical aspects of the draft.  While some of these are interesting, it's also disappointing that at least one of them is just a reprint of a previous TSN article.  The biggest problem with this book is in its presentation of each year's draft.  Instead of giving a round-by-round recap, it gives only a list of draft picks by team.  For example, if you look at 2004, it won't list who went in each round, only who each team picked.  While it's great to check how your favorite team did each year, I believe that a straight recap by round is absolutely essential, and that's missing.  If you want to know the second-rounders for a given year, you'll have to search through the recap for each team.  To me, this omission really deflates the value of this resource.  Another item I found lacking is some kind of "tracker" as to how players drafted by each teams, or players drafted in particular rounds, fared in the NFL.  I don't expect anything too comprehensive, but I'd like to know how many players by each round went on to pro careers, or which teams in the past couple of decades have done the best job in the late rounds.  Even if some of it might be anecdotal, it would certainly make for interesting reading.  On the positive side, the list of players drafted from each college is cool.  It lists the schools alpahbetically, then gives all the players drafted from that school in chronological order.  I'd love to see them do the same with high schools, but I'm not sure about the feasability of doing so.  It seems like this is going to be an annual publication, so there's hope for improvement in the presentation and in what's offered.  Such a book is a great idea, but its value at this point is limited.  With some improvement, it could become an essential purchase.     