 Given the number of pointless, puff-piece biographies about many young athletes, I can understand why some might worry about the substance of this work.  However, it takes no more than a few pages to realize that O'Connor is not falling into any such trap.  Instead, he has produced one of the best sports to come out in recent years, and one of the best basketball books I've ever read.  I'm sure that even the casual sports fan is aware of Sebastian Telfair, given the magazine covers he graced during his senior year of high school basketball.  Knowing a good subject when he sees it, O'Connor decided to follow the Telfair story on a personal level, talking to ST throughout his final year, as well as having discussions with everyone around him - and I mean everyone, including family, friends, teammates, high school and college coaches, ADs, scouts, etc.  What we get is an incredibly detailed portrait of what it felt like to be Telfair during an absolutely crazy time in his life.  While athletes are portrayed as vain and greedy, Telfair actually comes off very well in this book.  It's not that O'Connor unfairly keeps him above the fray, it's just that Telfair seems like a genuinely good person who happens to be an incredibly gifted and hardworking athlete.  The same, however, can't be said of his family.  His parents, especially, come across as greedy and self-centered, always looking at how the success of Sebastian (as well as Stephon Marbury and Jamel Thomas before him) might help them out of their tough financial situations.  Same goes for plenty of non-family members, who seem in many cases to feel that they're entitled to some kind of kickback for having helped Telfair get to where he is today.  The writing is smooth and descriptive, never becoming bogged down too much with O'Connor's subjective views or wasted words.  It's like reading a piece of fiction at times, given the fact that so many invovled come across as characters someone would have created if they didn't already exist.  This is a masterpiece of sports writing, a truly great book, and I would recommend it to anyone, even those without a great interest in basketball.     