 I was really looking forward to this book as a way to become more familiar with the different players, and types of players, who had won the ROY award.  And while it serves well as an introduction to these players, its value is hurt by the author's too-positive, never-say-a-bad-word-about-anybody approach.  The division of players is interesting.  Instead of a simple chronological approach, they're divided by those who became HOFers, those who would also win an MVP award during their careers, those who became managers, those with short careers, and a catch-all section for the rest.  Each is given about 1-2 pages of discussion, along with some basic stats for their rookie year and career.  While not presenting the players chronologically is at first confusing, the approach turns out to be quite a good one.  My biggest criticism is that the author chooses too often to highlight only the positive stats for a player, while completely ignoring the negative.  Two examples of this - First, he makes a point of Rod Carew's fine 1979 ALCS, when he hit .412, yet fails to mention at all that Carew was 4-for-33 in his 3 other ALCS appearances.  He does the same type of selective inclusion with Orlando Cepeda.  Although stressing his great 1969 ALCS, where he hit .455, there's no mention that he was only a .207 postseaon hitter.  Now, I don't expect a heavy-handed, ultracritical approach, but some balance would be nice.  While there is some of this approach shown in the area dealing with the short-career guys, the book too often is almost hagiographic in its approach to certain players.  Finally, there are a few errors that should have been caught by the author or a fact-checker.  Again using Carew as an example, the author states that he hit 5 homers in 9 ALCS games with the Angels.  In reality, he never hit a postseason homer, and never even hit more than 3 homers in a season with the Angels!  This is an enjoyable, light book that many baseball fans should enjoy.  Just don't go into it expecting an authoritative, comprehensive review or analysis.       