 I read this book 30 years ago when I was 19. They had made a movie of it, which struck me because it depicted teenagers in the late 60s and early 70s just EXACTLY the way we were. I absolutely knew everyone in the movie, and they were completely true-to-life.  Afterwards, I went out and bought the book, which was even better than the movie, if that could be possible. And it was far more chilling. In the early 70s, it seemed as though everyone was doing drugs, even the clean cut cheerleaders and jocks. I had personally known four kids who all died during my junior year of high school from drugs, including my first boyfriend, and a 16 year old kid I didn't know, but watched go into convulsions and die from a heroin overdose. Others routinely checked into and out of mental hospitals. It was a helluva way to be young. You had to learn how to handle people who were on bad hallucenogenic "trips". You had to know what to do with someone when you suspected an overdose of barbituates, and you ran from parties when someone on PCP got violent and started smashing furniture.  These are not the sorts of things I would like my children to have to know and experience. It was scary, and it was bad. The conclusions I reached about drugs were that you either stopped taking them, or you died. You didn't really have any other options.  So I read Go Ask Alice, and it solidified my conviction that saying "no" was the simplest thing. "Some people don't like onions," I used to say. "I don't like the way drugs make me feel." And people left me alone, and didn't pressure me. So I got through it. This book never left me. I thought about it all during the 70's when people passed cocaine around like breath mints, and I never forgot Alice. She was like a guardian angel. I kept saying "no" with her standing behind me, supporting me and backing me up, while the people around me wound themselves tighter and tighter into their addictions. To say this book is a "must read" would be an understatement. I am absolutely convinced that Alice has saved lives - perhaps tens of thousands of them. That may have been the whole reason for her short life, in much the same way that Anne Frank's life had a purpose. Some people were put here to teach and guide, and Alice was one of these.     