 I had read Charles Bukowski's poetry first, and was extremely impressed by his abilities as a writer. This was the first of his novels that I read. While the writing style is good and the plot moves you along, one of the things that struck me most was how meaningless the story was. It does nothing to inspire or to teach. It is simply a portrait of a man who moves from one fist fight to the next - and is usually the one who starts the fight because he doesn't have enough depth of character to understand himself or other people. It's a portrait of a man who does NOT rise above his surroundings. He hates those surroundings, and doesn't embrace them so much as hold them up as a testament to his pain, like a child dramatically nursing a wound that some other child inflicted, long past the time it really hurts. The mood is stark and hopeless. The writing style is sharp and brief. There are no beautiful poetic interludes, or any evidence that he's a poet. It's merely the diary of a misanthrope, a misogynist and a hopeless drunk. Reading about his life is like watching someone say, "So there," after driving his car into a utility pole. His female characters are two-dimensional - a problem many male writers have because they don't entirely realize that anyone is "in there". He refers to them all as "snatches" and "c**ts". He can't have them because he isn't attractive enough, and he longs after them, NOT because he likes them, but because he merely wants them. When I was done reading, I wondered what I was supposed to have taken away from it. Was it just a snapshot of a life and an attitude that makes the reader recoil? The point was NOT that he rose above anything despite desperate circumstances, because he let his circumstances win. Was his point that we can't ever understand his genius because of his unique and noble suffering? That we should understand that he could do nothing to prevent his wasted life? Sure he could. His abusive father and his weak (and poorly developed as a character) mother give him an unhappy home, but he doesn't describe anything that would have been insurmountable.  I did not find a large soul behind the words in this book. I found a small one. I found a man who is petty, and spiteful and weak. Maybe THAT was his point: that someone who isn't much can still find a publisher and convince people to read books about his less-than-noble life and bad attitude.     