 I had just finished reading "The Kite Runner" when I turned around and picked up Heaven Lake. As usually happens when I finish a particularly good book, I was expecting a let down. Consequently I was very pleased to find myself shifting from one really excellent book to another.   Heaven Lake is a story about an American "Jesus teacher," a missionary in Taiwan whose conviction about his religion, while sincere, is just a tad sanctimonious and disrespectful toward the "unsaved". His concern for their souls, while also sincere, is just a tad patronizing. His version of the truth must be spread.   His certainty is a little shaken by the arrival of another missionary, whose conviction is belligerent and self-righteous and even borders on the psychotic. In watching this woman and feeling ashamed and embarrassed by their association, he begins to question the wisdom of forcing his beliefs on strangers.  He's a genuinely good man with good intentions. Consequently, he is appalled by a local businessman's suggestion that he accept $10,000 to travel across mainland China in order to bring back a woman to be the businessman's bride. Because of the difficulty in obtaining a marriage license between the Taiwanese and the Chinese, the deal requires him to 1) marry the woman (the government is more lenient with marriages to foreigners), 2) establish her in Taiwan so she can more easily marry her intended husband, 3) divorce her and 4) turn her over to him.  Like I said, he's initially appalled. Then an affair he has with a student and the subsequent beating her brother gives him make him question his faith, his safety in Taiwan, and his future. The businessman's proposition gives him an excuse to leave Taiwan and the angry brother. It also gives him an opportunity to break ties with the missionary, which he's grown to feel increasingly hypocritical being involved with.  So he makes the arrangements and off he goes, traveling across China in what can only be described as a nightmare travelogue, to marry a woman he's never met.  The book is filled with realism, very well-drawn characters, and a story that isn't predictable at all. It was a great story and very well-written. I thoroughly enjoyed every word of it, and highly recommend it.     