 On the cover of the book is a review by Vanity Fair: "The only convincing love story of our century."   Lolita is NOT a love story, and it boggles my mind that a reviewer would say it is the "only convincing" one of the 20th century. It is a story of twisted, jealous obsession, rape and deception, artfully rationalized by the very memorable Humbert Humbert, the predator with the self-described "movie star" good looks.  What WAS convincing is the nightmare the narrator calmly describes in very rational terms, as if you're in complete agreement with him about his obsession with Lolita and the logical necessity of his raping the child and holding her an unwilling but resigned prisoner for two years. He offers it to us as a chillingly sensible sequence of events. On one level, he really knows he's a sick criminal. On the other hand, he romanticizes his feelings toward Lolita (leaving me with a rising scream in my chest!) as if it's "love" to hold a 12-year old captive and subject her to your constant sexual demands.  You can't really love this book, I don't think. You can appreciate it and admire the skill of the author -- but the story makes my skin crawl. Which is no doubt exactly the reaction the author intended, and I'm sure he would be pleased.  The book is important because I'm certain it must have opened peoples' eyes to the rationalizations and the single-mindedness of the child molester in the 1950s, when people weren't really aware of such things as they are now. The author was exceptionally brave to have tackled this topic at that time, probably realizing it (not surprisingly, really) would be treated as pornography.  I had the version that was NOT annotated, so the constant French references were irritating to me. Go for the annotated version because French is everywhere. The 4-star rating is for the UNANNOTATED version - I'm certain I would have enjoyed the book more if I'd known what the heck it said. It was like reading a book with a large portion of it censored.     