 The author wrote the book to address our intellect, not our emotions. There is nothing "misty" and "spiritual" about his writing style or his facts. He is a scientist who, with professional hoax-exposers (hired to spot any funny business or "magic tricks"), put five psychic mediums through a series of tests to either prove or disprove their claims that they communicate with the deceased. Then they tested the results against a control group of non-psychics, and reported their findings.  The book begins with what, at first sight, appears to be a self-congratulatory chapter where the author seemingly brags about his background, education, and standing within the scientific and academic community. As dry as that is, I got the sense that he wasn't bragging, nor was he being defensive. He was simply trying to demonstrate to us he that isn't a kook, and was looking for the truth whatever that is. He put his career at risk to complete this experiment, and was merely telling us he risked quite a lot.   His conscientious attention to detail and completely balanced approach to the experiment appealed to me. I'm not looking for the misty and the spiritual; I want facts as much as he does, and I'm less concerned with what the truth is than with what can be proved. If something can be proved, I get over myself and accept it whatever it is and regardless of how sincerely I wanted the truth to be something else. So an approach that others might find dry works well for me - and was particularly fascinating because his Scientist Hat kept slipping momentarily as the author got more flabbergasted and excited with the results, and with the careful calculations of probability (he explains them to you so you don't think he's merely tossing numbers) that suggest to a factor of one in hundreds of millions that this is no coincidence.  Someone else might be looking for a book that supports their opinion that psychic stuff is all smoke and mirrors. Or, they're looking for someone who is going to stroke their need to keep spiritualism mysterious and creepy. If you're that person, avoid this book. If you're up for a challenge to your way of thinking, however, read it. I don't think you'll find a flaw - though the author repeatedly invites you to look for one.  Opinion: This is one of those times when society is going to have to shift its paradigm and accept the fact that the world is NOT flat, and that the sun does NOT circle the earth. It's tough, but the human race has done it before and survived. There are now reams of scientific data that indicate that there is life after death, and that the dead are around us and communicate if we can, or are willing to listen.  I saw the documentary of this experiment when it aired on HBO some years back. It blew me away to the extent that I bought a ticket to a John Edward seminar to see for myself. And I did. The stuff is real, like it or not, and it has now been scientifically tested and documented. Believe it or don't believe it, but you can't change the results or make them go away. That's all this book does: reveal the results of an amazing and mind-boggling laboratory test.  Rejecting the data because it is "saner" not to believe it is the antithesis of critical thinking, and is anti-science. There are those for whom NO evidence will EVER be sufficient because they already know all the truths of the universe (they'll tell you so!), and they happen to know life after death is hogwash. Let them. The author's tests were increasingly more stringent, and he's continuing to look for ways to improve them. Even without a perfectly airtight set of tests, the results suggest that 100% airtight testing won't change anything: mediums will still be able to communicate with the dead. Just read the book, and reach your own conclusions.     