 What this book reminded me of was the song "Lady in Red" by Chris Deburgh. I understand the song was written in about 30 minutes - like a quick sketch - so it retained all the immediacy of someone who was writing down impressions and feelings while they were still fresh. Then he presented them unedited with all the immediacy intact. It may not have been the best song ever written, but it touched a chord because the emotions were so raw, and the feelings were so sincere.  "Plays Well with Others" is very obviously a not very well-camouflaged autobiographical tribute to the author's friends, who lived in pre-AIDS New York during a time period the author refers to as "Before", then died there of the "plague". The writing is rough, and these friends are idealized to the point where you seriously doubt they were as clever, talented and unique as the author depicted them, but the emotions are very real, and the author is trying to describe people striving for a creative life and are at the very verge of great things, when they are all cut down by the sudden, unexpected and very deadly onset of AIDS.   The important things are the emotions and the pain. Part of the beauty of his writing style in this book is the spontaneous feel you get from it. You feel as though you're really reading a story written by someone who experienced all the pain of watching his friends die one by one until his only relief came from knowing they were finally all gone and he had no more friends to lose. That same sense of immediacy is there to remind you that someone real is mourning people who were real. And their deaths were a loss and a tragedy, not only to the author. They represent all the people who died, and are dying now. They were loved and cherished and had great plans to do great things. Instead of doing those great things, they left behind one good friend to clean up the mess, usher in their grieving parents, and write a book so they wouldn't be forgotten.  It's almost diary-like in the way he wrote it. Approach it like you're reading someone's diary, and you'll be more forgiving than some of the reviewers who focused on the book as "fiction" and expected it to read like Gurganus' other great novel, "Confederate Widow". It's nothing like the first book. Please don't compare them. And when you read it, presume there is real grief behind the words - I see it there, anyway.   Just read it as the tribute it is, and use it as a means through which you might understand what all it was like, for one person at least.     