 The book was very cute, funny, and amusing. It gets 3 1/2 stars for amusement value, losing points for construction of plot.   This was a light read about the family of an infant whose mother dies in childbirth. The maternal grandmother, Thomasina, deals with her grief by running off to Egypt with a handsome general, while the father, who doesn't want to raise the child, dumps her on his spacey-but-charismatic brother who runs a monastery with his mysterious and unlikeable wife. Both barely look at the baby, which makes sense because they barely notice the child they already have. Meanwhile, the baby is being cared for by an older Tibetan woman who is staying at the monastery because everyone else is so engrossed in his or her own personal issues that nobody but the step-brother really notices the baby. ...Except for the paternal grandparents, who would notice baby Faith if they could. However, through a comedy of errors and poor planning, they are prevented from seeing her because it somehow is inconvenient for anyone involved to either bring them to the monastery, or bring the baby down to meet them.  It's difficult to know where the plot is going because of all the side-journeys into the various characters. This is not to say that the characters aren't amusing, or that the story isn't entertaining. I just felt as though I was being led on a journey that didn't lead anywhere. The final resolution of the plot came at the very end of the book, and was very abrupt. It wasn't until that moment that I realized what the main two threads of the story were (there were so many, how was I to pick the main ones?), but this brought attention to the fact that the bulk of the novel was comprised of loose ends, most of which the author never attempts to resolve except through a few vague references to where some characters end up, or who they end up with. Little attention is paid to "why" except in indirect observations by other minor characters. Mostly the characters are just left where they landed without any further comment.  One character after another is introduced, and the focus of the story keeps shifting. Most of the characters are minor ones but are all given the same attention and weight as the major ones to the extent that you aren't really sure whose viewpoint you should be following in order to get a grasp on the plot (Hint: Thomasina and the paternal grandparents, even though Thomasina's viewpoint is only rarely offered by comparison to other characters. To a lesser degree, Jocasta.)  All in all, it was a good book - NOT a "great" book. I enjoyed it, but probably won't ever read it again.     