 I know a lot of people are going to be mad at me. Perhaps this book just isn't for me. Other reviewers commented on the storyline, so I'll just add the things that struck me while I was reading it.  Not only is the subject matter complex, but history requires that the story contain an excessive number of characters. Furthermore, they're referred to not only by their given names, but by their titles or the geographic locations they're "Earl of", or "Duke of". So "Edmond" is also "Rutland", and "Richard Neville" is also "Warwick" and so forth. Too many people have two or more names, including nicknames, or names that are very similar. This may be historically accurate, but it makes for confusion anyway. If you can't sit down and focus for extended periods of time, you're going to get lost each time you're interrupted. Perhaps it was the fact that my life is busy that made this a difficult book to get into. This is not to say that I prefer a beach read or a shorter book. I just think complex subject matter and a large number of characters can sometimes be managed to make the reading flow more easily, and to make picking up where you left off less of a chore. I would have begun by taking literary license and referring to characters consistently, and by their given names only. I might also have elimimated some of the minor characters to simplify the structure.  So this is merely a warning to someone who doesn't have hours at a stretch to sit down with this book. It's a lot of work, if your attention is frequently pulled elsewhere.  The author makes repeated grammatical errors as well; incomplete sentences and comma splices are everywhere. These can be used VERY sparingly to set the tone. However, in this book I found myself not only trying to settle back in after an interruption and gather up all my thoughts, but getting stopped short by incorrect sentence structure in nearly every paragraph. As a result, I kept rereading sentences because I thought that surely I must have misread them the first time. It bogged me down and distracted me from the story. An editor should have addressed that, in my opinion.   Though admittedly most of the reviewers neither recognized or noticed the writing technicalities, nor did they care, so for most people this shouldn't a problem. Ignore this observation if you know you're one of those and focus on the story, which is great!   The author is a fantastic storyteller - and it's certainly a fascinating story - but the technical issues were distracting to me. I feel that, out of a five-star rating, writing technicalities comprise two of the stars. That is why I opted for a three-star rating. I give her full credit for storytelling!     