 It's nearly impossible to recreate another author's writing style. In fact, Clare Boylan undoubtedly took this project on knowing that it could possibly subject her to all manner of abuse. Nevertheless, I think she did an excellent job.  The things that indicate she is NOT Charlotte Bronte are subtle ones. The author indicates at the end of the book that Bronte was leaning toward social reformation at the time of her death, and she developed her story along those lines. One of the tip-offs that the writer is not 19th century is the very modern shock and dismay at 19th century social conditions. Most of the main characters are, or become fired up with 1960s idealism, and try to save the world from poverty and injustice. A true 19th century writer wouldn't feel - or more likely wouldn't dare to challenge to this degree - a social structure England took for granted at that time. More likely she would comment on it and tug at your heartstrings like Dickens, and set the story up to enable the wealthy to save the poor heroine, but wouldn't have them indignantly devoting their wealthy lives to the betterment of the poor. It would have made a 19th century author appear "odd".  But that's one of the delightful things about the novel. When I read 19th century books (and I've read many) I often get irritated by shallow concerns the characters have, like the obsession with Tess of the D'urberville's loss of her virginity (yeah, so?) and building an entire book around how it ruined her life. A 19th century audience could relate. A modern audience would not see or fully appreciate what the problem was.   So we have a book with all the elements of a 19th century novel, but a story with an appeal to a 21st century audience and characters slightly more evolved and socially conscious than your typical 19th century English lords and ladies. That's nice.   Emma Brown is a not very pretty young girl who has no memory of her past, and from the little she can recall thinks she has been "ruined" and is not fit to live. She is plopped by a Mysterious Man into a school for girls dressed as a wealthy heiress and then is revealed to be a pauper (much like Shirley Temple in "The Little Princess"). The school is run by three women who love her when she's rich, and hate her when they learn she's poor. In steps a local widow, who takes the child to live with her until she runs away with a sum of money intended for the repayment of her room and board at the school. In steps a local bachelor who devotes time and money to alternately attempt to locate the Mysterious Man among the wealthy and Emma somewhere in the teeming filth of the London slums. Enter an angelic, crippled, ragged slum child whose "baby doll" is the corpse of a little infant she found in the gutter (she would replace him with another corpse as soon as he began to look "unnatural" - infant corpses were everywhere, she explains, and she likes them because they keep her company), whom Emma befriends while she is living on the streets.  I loved the story. It was just contrived enough to be convincingly 19th century -- literature from that era is always filled with contrived coincidences and everything falling into place at the end. This novel does that, but not in a predictable way.  I also found the dialog hilariously true to Victorian literature, and wondered if the author was smiling as she wrote it. It was every bit as over-written as the dialog in any 19th century novel (in a good way). She gets five-stars for hitting the dialog nail right on the head! It's obviously not going to appeal to someone who prefers modern literature, but for those of us who swallowed the classics whole -- and for anyone who gets the joke with the speeches and letters they banter back and forth -- it was like opening a time capsule and finding a lost 19th century novel.  Well worth the read. Very good book - and very brave effort! I don't know that I would personally have dared to attempt it!     