 Despite the fact that I couldn't help cringing at all the incestuous procreation (you want to scream "Ew! He's your BROTHER!") that takes us - finally - to Callie/Cal, the story was a very entertaining one.  A brother/sister team escapes Greece during the destruction of Smyrna, and gets married (um...to each other) on the voyage to America. They are being sponsored by their lesbian cousin, who was sent with a huge dowry to a man she marries in America, to more or less remove her from their small village after she was found with one of the local housewives. Since she has secrets, she's keeping theirs.  It is a story of immigrants in a new land, carrying with them a mutant gene. The mutant gene appears in their granddaughter, who is born a hermaphrodite. To demonstrate: She pees on the priest in an arc during her baptism. She later decides she prefers "Cal" and chooses to be a man instead. The writing style is very entertaining.  I do agree with one reviewer that the word choices will leave a large portion of the audience in the dark and in need of a dictionary. And some might comment on the length of the book, which could have been, and probably should have been much shorter. The author has a way of lengthening things and drawing out the telling of the tale in a clever way that always made me laugh.  However, the cleverness wears on you, and you eventually wish he would get to the point. The cleverness also begins to seem self-conscious, as if you caught him writing with one eye in the mirror and the other on the Pulitzer. It was written by a guy who knows he can write, and who gave himself few restraints. I have one more thing to say, though. There are anachronisms that pop up. For instance, people are having conversations about "male and female sperm" in the 1950s, when it wasn't until about 1971 that someone figured out there was a difference (before then, as far as we knew, it was all something about "splitting zygotes"). They didn't serve Harvey Wallbangers in 1962 (they weren't invented until Galliano decided to create a market for itself in the early 70s.) There were a few more of these all through the book - something that won't bother anyone except those of us who were there and have to keep going "WAIT a minute!" which I periodically did. The reason I bring that up is that the book appeared to be so meticulously researched, and then things like that would make me wonder if, in fact, it really was with regard to the stuff I know nothing about. I have to take the author's word. It doesn't matter - ignorance is bliss, and the book was well worth the time I spent reading it. In fact, I couldn't put it down. The characters were totally believable, and the odd tale was fascinating, and it was very deftly told.     