 It's a shame that this book has been labeled and endorsed by the Star Trek franchise as their official cookbook, because it's been obviously written by people who don't understand and didn't bother to check the background information given on most foods and beverages presented in any of the Star Trek movies and the first four TV series (Original series, Next Generation, Deep Space Nine and Voyager). This book's very confusing format is divided into six main sections that list the recipes according to the character's likes and dislikes based, by the way, on very doubtful assertions, which include many inaccurate quotes and anecdotes that conveniently make many Star Trek unrelated dishes seem related to the series. This means that in order to find a Strawberries and Cream recipe, you must look for it among the recipes listed as Capt. Janeway's favorites in the Voyager section. The book also includes some dish variations that go way beyond just making a few adjustments to the recipes. For example, there is a recipe for a Klingon Blood Pie, traditionally a baked roast and veal kidneys pie, which transforms it into a sweet cranberry pie.  Most of the recipes are poorly written and badly edited, and lack specific information, giving only general instructions and details. Also, the authors have avoided including any recipe containing alcohol, altogether ignoring the liquors and spirits often showcased in the Star Trek universe. The book's visual style is also a minus, as it doesn't include a single color photograph of a finished dish, only containing black & white pictures (mostly of crew members) taken directly from the shows. But the book's worst feature is the author's patronizing and annoying writing style. I gave the book two stars because of the information and techniques on making prop foods and the very well written and very delicious recipes contributed by many Star Trek actors. If these two things aren't enough to satisfy you, don't even bother with this book. --Reviewed by Maritza Volmar     