 Envision yourself as a superhero. Imagine dedicating your life to protecting innocents from crime, natural disasters, accidents, and the occasional super villain. Picture all the people you save each day and all the crises you avert. Now, think of what would happen if, regardless of all your superpowers and your constant vigilance, one day you suddenly failed, and the consequence of your failure meant the demise of those you swore to protect. This paperback edition of the collected issues of JLA #101 to #106 tells us exactly what happens when six of our best-loved superheroes - Superman, Flash, Green Lantern, Martian Manhunter, Wonder Woman and Batman - find themselves in precisely that situation, and are confronted by death, either as a result of their inability to prevent the loss of innocent lives, or through the questioning of their own mortality.  But this tale might not appeal to everyone, especially devoted fans of the comics' continuity: it takes us on a psychological exploration of the humanity that lies beneath each character's apparent omnipotence and shows us their fears, needs, desires, strengths, and weaknesses - even their hard to acknowledge limitations - reasonably departing from the ongoing storyline and characterizations on the JLA's and their own monthly issues, and appearing closer to their portrayals in the JL and JLU animated series. Nonetheless, this is a wonderfully told story, where woven into every hero's tale is also a profound look at the value of friendship, highlighting the importance of the relationships forged through the JLA between these seemingly invulnerable and amazing individuals, and how those relationships provide them comfort and support when the burden of their missions becomes heavier with added insecurities and personal losses. All the action and emotion of the story is perfectly captured by the superb illustrations that, while simple and as easy to interpret as a film's storyboard, are rendered with much attention to detail. Especially delightful is the choice of colors applied throughout the book. Not only does it correspond with the color scheme of the superhero on whom the story is focusing, but it also reflects his or her mood as the story's emotional weight shifts from one situation to the other. This is a unique and satisfying title worth enjoying, and a deserving addition to any serious DC Comics fan's collection. --Reviewed by Maritza Volmar     