 This product is a lot more than just a simple portable lap desk for laptops and notebooks. It features a very easy to clean, insulated surface that avoids overheating on the underside of your computer and any heat transfer to your legs. Three included, self-adhesive rubber bumpers, after being attached on the insulated surface just below where the computer's back or back feet would rest, elevate the computer at an angle that's very comfortable for typing, while helping prevent slips and allowing more air to circulate through the venting fans. A Velcro strap attached to its rear end successfully binds any cables connected to the computer, keeping them still to ward off any unnecessary strain their weight and constant shifting could cause on their sockets. Weighing-in a mere 15 ounces, this product is virtually weightless, and its 18-inch length, particularly recommended for widescreen display laptops and notebooks, manages to both provide some free room next to the computer for my tiny optical mouse and easily fit inside the back pocket of my carrying case.  As if the above features were not enough to make you immediately buy this product, the Lapinator's bottom surface is made of a soft fabric that's gentle on your clothes and bare skin, and comes with two longitudinal, padded rests that evenly distribute the weight of the computer on your lap. Furthermore, its sturdy, yet somewhat flexible, overall construction maintains a perfect, ergonomic shape even under the weight of the heaviest computer models. This product's performance with my Toshiba Satellite A70-SP249, which tends to run a bit on the hot side, has been absolutely fabulous: since I started using it, the computer stays cool to the touch even after several hours of continuous use. I love it so much that now I even use it on top of my desk. If you are like me and use your laptop more than just a few hours a day and are always moving it from place to place, buy this product, and see just how long it takes you to deem it indispensable. It took me less than an hour. A 13-inch long model is also available for smaller laptops and notebooks. --Reviewed by Maritza Volmar     