 This movie about one of the greatest all-time thieves has little to do with the original legends attributed to him told in the Arabian Nights, often even incorporating elements from other mythologies, but is fun-filled and very entertaining nonetheless. The movie finds Sinbad (voiced by Brad Pitt) searching for riches and trying to steal The Book of Peace from his long time friend and prince of Syracuse, Proteus (voiced by Stephen Fiennes). While trying to take the book he encounters the Goddess of Chaos, Eris (voiced by Michelle Pfeiffer) who offers him all the riches of the world if he should steal the book for her. But when Sinbad is about to steal the book he encounters Proteus' fiance Marina (voiced by Catherine Zeta-Jones) and desists of his efforts. Eris ends up stealing the book herself and frames Sinbad for the crime, who is then sentenced to die in ten days if the book isn't returned. Proteus who believes that Sinbad didn't steal the book, takes his place to allow for Sinbad to steal the book back from Eris. From here on the adventure begins. The great special effects bring to life everything from menacing sea monsters, to ethereal mermaids to the ever-shifting realm of chaos known as Tartarus. The seamlessly incorporated hand-drawn animation is beautiful. The well-developed characters are deeper and wittier than most characters on the latest animated features and their dialogues and interactions are funny, emotional and well timed. The excellent musical score, one of the best for an animated feature, will leave you feeling like a swashbuckler even hours after the movie is over. The main reasons this movie doesn't get five stars are: the repetition of some plot elements from other Dreamworks' animated stories (like Road to El Dorado) and the fact that this animated movie is not suitable for kids under thirteen for its treatment of certain topics like the main characters love relationship. Overall, very good adventure and lots of fun. --Reviewed by Maritza Volmar     