 This beautifully illustrated and photographed book is a very informative and easy to use reference for anyone who wants authentic expert advice on growing and maintaining houseplants. This practically organized book is divided into nine readily accessible sections: * Plants in the Home: serves as an introduction to the book and gives some advice on choosing, buying, housing, and repotting plants, as well as learning the basic rules of care and creating the right growing conditions for your houseplants. * Displaying Indoor Plants: discusses the many considerations needed to be taken into account when keeping plants indoor, including mixing specimens, choosing pots, and selecting the right plant for each room. * The Classification of House Plants: includes foliage houseplants, flowering houseplants, flowering pot plants and cacti. * House Plants A-Z: is the most extensive alphabetized guide on houseplants in print in a single volume. Each plant's entry includes its image and/or picture, a description of its most common varieties, details on how to plant, grow and care for it, and a list of the ordinary problems that affect it. * Plant Care: gives instructions on how to optimize the natural elements that impact the plant's health, including temperature, light, water, humidity, and air. * Increasing Your Stock: explains how to successfully propagate houseplants by using the most suitable reproduction techniques. * Plant Troubles: presents advice on how to speedily prevent or correct each trouble. * Dictionary: defines both the technical and the not so technical terms used throughout the book. * An Index. This book deserves to be one of the best-sellers on houseplants because with its excellent selection of plants common to many countries and its clear, invaluable information it simply is an essential resource for anyone, whether beginner or professional, who wishes to grow and keep beautiful houseplants. I assure you that it's a book you will refer to time after time after time. --Reviewed by Maritza Volmar     