 Professor Johnston is working in France as the chief archaeologist on a dig of a historical medieval town when the multi-millionaire Robert Doniger, owner of ITC, the company financing his project, suddenly calls him away to the US. A few days later, his son, Chris, and the students working on the dig learn from ITC that the Professor has mysteriously disappeared. Not long after, while working on the site, they find, inside a room that has been sealed for over 600 years, a disturbing manuscript bearing the Professor's handwriting; and when the document is unquestionably dated to the year 1357 they quickly turn to ITC demanding to know the Professor's whereabouts. Doniger explains that ITC, whose intent is to create a historical theme park by using cutting-edge technology to bring the past to life, has discovered a way to travel in time through a quantum wormhole. The Professor, who was sent to 1357 France, missed his return window and hasn't been heard from since. Before long, Chris and a team of archaeologists, historians, and even the military are on a mission to find and rescue the Professor, but as soon as they are sent back, and with a rapidly approaching deadline of 37 hours, things turn horribly wrong, both in the present and the past, and their chances of success start to look less and less promising. In this novel, Michael Crichton masterfully combines mystery, action, adventure, history, technology, and science to give us an engrossing read. Through great, well-defined characters, Crichton immerses us in a marvelous adventure of clashing swords, secret passages, invading armies, and mysterious knights, and transports us into a realistically rendered medieval world. For a novel containing a five-page bibliography, it is only fair to mention that the true to life details present in Crichton's medieval world (on topics so far ranging as fashion, social customs, warfare and politics) are a direct result of the vast historical research he carefully conducted. Even though, towards the end of the book, the never-slowing action takes the characters into too many life-threatening situations, the quality of the story is not irreparably affected, as Crichton compensates with a perfect ending, making this a fantastic and thoroughly enjoyable adventure. --Reviewed by Maritza Volmar     