 This is, without a doubt, one of the best television series ever created for children and young adults (especially girls). It's also a series that even adults will enjoy and love. Adapted by Sullivan Films for the Disney Channel from the work of Lucy Maud Montgomery (The Story Girl, The Golden Road, Chronicles of Avonlea and Further Chronicles of Avonlea), the series tells the story of Sara Stanley, a young girl who, in the 1900's moves to the sea-sprayed town of Avonlea, on Prince Edward Island, to live with her hard-headed aunt, Hetty King, while her father is constantly away on business after her mother's death. In Avonlea she grows closer to her cousins of the King family (Felicity and Felix), she meets new people and makes new friends (like Gus Pike, a good-hearted drifter with a tragic past who has a hard time staying out of trouble and who eventually becomes part of the family) and they all share their lives and adventures. You will laugh and cry as you follow the path of each character through the years. You will learn of love, compassion, loyalty, honor, decency and forgiveness, of the meaning of family and the importance of following your dreams. You will be enchanted by the magnificent portrayal of each distinct personality by an excellent cast and guest stars that include Christopher Reeves, and you will feel part of their world as you warm up to even the most unlikely of characters. Their contagious nature and the place's spell of eternity will make you feel in a good mood for a long time after you've watched the show.  As if all this wasn't enough, this series also has a great overall quality with inspiring music, great narration, witty dialogues and a well-balanced combination of humor, drama and even mystery. I've been waiting for this series to come out on DVD for ten years, and I'm so happy it's finally here. Buy it, watch it with your children and enjoy a change of pace from the everyday superficial and immature series that only teach kids how to be cool. I also recommend reading the books that inspired the series and exploring the world of Anne of Green Gables (books and DVDs) as a great way to immerse yourself in the life and work of Lucy Maud Montgomery. --Reviewed by Maritza Volmar     