 Grease, the original movie starring Olivia Newton-John and John Travolta, may have set the style and re-established musicals as a part of the film industry, but is a pale, superficial and annoying movie compared to this one. Grease 2 was very badly treated by the critics when it came out in 1984, and it was subsequently relegated to repetitive showings on the major cable networks. But the people who trampled on it probably didn't take the time to see the improvements it had over its predecessor, probably expecting just another remake of and old movie.  Of course the T-Birds and the Pink Ladies are back, and so are Rydell's teachers and even a few figures from the past. The new crowd loves bikes more than cars and there's the big High School celebration finale. But, most importantly, there are improvements, most of which are on character development; the "kids" stop coming across as being obnoxious air heads, and start behaving like good-natured adolescents who enjoy having a good time. Michael (Maxwell Caufield) and Stephanie (Michelle Pfeiffer) are great as the studious new British student and the girl of his dreams who is convinced that she will only fall in love with a biker. Unlike Grease, in this movie the characters become friends while Michael tries to make Stephanie fall in love with his secret identity: a self-taught, independent biker despised by the T-Birds more out of jealousy than of hatred. The whole situation is treated from a mature point of view, without adding superficiality or exaggerations (used only for sporadic laughs) that allows the characters to follow a coherent story line, on which they eventually grow by learning about their misconceptions and prejudices. The score and choreography are as good or better than that of the original and also funnier. The sets and locales of the movie are visually pleasing while not completely accurate for the period. And the performances of the whole cast are just great. My only two complaints are, first, with Johnny (Adrian Zmed), which is the only character that's a bit too self-absorbed, and secondly with the lack of Special Features on this DVD. A very delightful movie overall, with something for everyone. --Reviewed by Maritza Volmar     