 This 102-page, 7" x 5" mini-sized volume is a fantastic addition to any comic book collection, and fun entertainment for kids and adults alike. It contains five complete short stories inspired on the Cartoon Network's animated "Justice League Unlimited" (JLU) series. Matching the writing and artistic style of the show, the stories are filled with action-packed plots, clear and precise dialogues, detailed drawings, vivid colors, and tons of good humor, and each one showcases more than a handful of superheroes and villains, all straight out of the recently expanded lineup of characters on the series. The stories included, which were originally published individually as monthly issues of the JLU magazine, are the following: *JLU #1: Divide & Conquer - When Superman, Wonder Woman and Captain Atom suddenly go berserk and are unable to recall their actions later on, they decide to quit the League and go into hiding before they end up hurting someone. It's up to Batman, Zatanna, Hawkgirl and Flash to discover what or who is behind their strange behavior. *JLU #2: Poker Face - Superman, Flash, Huntress, Steel and Booster Gold's Poker Night in the League's Watchtower gets interrupted when they receive a report that the Royal Flush Gang is breaking havoc in Las Vegas, and it's up to them to protect the city that's so famous for its casinos, Elvis sightings and Marilyn Monroe impersonators. *JLU #3: Small Time - When Atom mysteriously materializes on top of the Watchtower's meeting room table, looking seriously ill and battered, is up to him, Wonder Woman, Ice and Firestorm to fight off the new threat of microscopic invaders from another dimension that he has just discovered. *JLU #4: Local Hero - Batman, Superman, Martian Manhunter and Elongated Man are celebrating on the Planet Rann after helping Adam Strange put away the evil conqueror Kanjar Ro. But Salaan, a young Rannian, doesn't believe that the planet needs an alien as its guardian, so he steals an old Adam Strange costume and frees Kanjar Ro to make his point by proving that he alone can recapture him. When the villain proves too much for Salaan, it's up to the local hero and the members of the League to capture him before he makes Salaan pay for his foolishness with his life. *JLU #5: Monitor Duty - Blue Beetle seems bored out of his mind while on monitor duty at the Watchtower almost five hours before his shift ends and Green Lantern's begins. After trying some snacks, some costume swapping, some ego surfing on the net, and some casual chatting with other JLU members, a strange noise draws his attention to an intruder. The General, who had to be taken on by the whole JLU team the last time he was captured, was left in deep space as punishment for his deeds, but has just come back seeking revenge. It's up to Blue Beetle to stop this seemingly invincible menace on his own or perish in the effort. Although this title is advertised as a graphic novel for kids, it's an enjoyable read for everyone who likes comics and the characters of the DC universe, particularly if they are also fans of the show. It's also a healthy tool, free of the needless violence and gruesomeness so familiar to comic books today, with which to set an example for kids on the real meaning of friendship, teamwork, conviction, trust, sacrifice and other values and ideals embodied by the League's superheroes. Whether you buy this delightful little title for yourself or for your kids, you won't be disappointed. --Reviewed by Maritza Volmar     