 This is a movie about a very unlikely group of heroes and superheroes that must join each other to win a battle against an evil madman and save the world from his malevolent, ultimate-destruction plan. This movie is a must for readers of classic literature since its main characters are: *Allan Quatermain from the novel "King Solomon's Mines" by H. Rider Haggard *Captain Nemo from "20,000 Leagues Under the Sea" by Jules Verne *The Invisible Man from "The Invisible Man" by H. G. Wells *Wilhelmina Harker from "Dracula" by Bram Stoker *Dorian Gray from "The Portrait of Dorian Gray" by Oscar Wilde *Tom Sawyer from "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn" by Mark Twain *Dr. Jeckyll from "The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde" by Robert Louis Stevenson For all of you who don't know who these characters are and have never read the original "League of Extraordinary Gentleman" graphic novels by Alan Moore and Kevin O'Neill, if you really want to enjoy this movie as much as I did, you probably should read some of these classic novels first. The plot is a very old and tried one, which has been re-done in this movie surprisingly well. Although you shouldn't expect many unanticipated twists in the story, do look for enjoyable references to other novels like: "Crimes of the Rue Morgue" by Edgar Allan Poe, "The Phantom of the Opera" by Gaston Leroux and "The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes" by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, among others. It even pays homage to Ian Fleming's 007 (James Bond) characters and Sir Sean Connery himself, as it includes a short banter with two characters named M and Q. The direction and editing of the movie is good, the story is coherent and follows a reasonable path so you won't be disappointed, the characters and their dialogues are right on target, and the setting, costumes and actor's performances are great. There are only two reasons why I give this movie only four stars: first, some very bad special effects (although, most of them are superb and it's a treat to watch how these were done on the Special Features) and second, a not-so-unexpected ending that yells, "Sequel, sequel, sequel!" Surprisingly good fantasy/action/adventure movie overall. --Reviewed by Maritza Volmar     