 This well organized, informative and concise volume offers a clearly written collection of essays on the complete history of seventy of the world's most spectacular engineering and construction achievements of the past, from the fifth millennium B. C. to the sixteenth century A. D., including the traditional list of the seven wonders of the ancient world. Each monument is carefully detailed in a short entry of two to four pages long that states the facts that have been uncovered by the most recent and updated archaeological findings. Basic facts like who built it, where, when and why are covered, and additional information is also provided like its basic statistics, the politics associated with its construction, and other fascinating data. Moreover, for quick check-ups, each wonder is accurately placed in one of the seven categories into which the book is divided: The Seven Wonders; Tombs & Cemeteries; Temples & Shrines; Palaces, Baths & Arenas; Fortifications; Harbours, Hydraulics & Roads; and Colossal Statues & Monoliths. This reference is handsomely presented in a sturdy binding, printed in top-quality paper, and beautifully illustrated with over 300 spectacular photos, explanatory diagrams, detailed reconstructions and historical drawings. Featured among the showcased selection are The Easter Island Statues, the cities of Mycenae and Tiryns, The Colosseum of Rome, The Pyramid of the Sun at Teotihuacan, and The Pharos of Alexandria. The rest of the masterpieces included are equal testimony of humanity's unending skill to create impressive and beautiful structures without the benefit of modern technology. As a bonus, the book includes a preface that explains the criteria used to pick the selected monuments, and an introduction that gives us an overview of the wonders still standing, their historical meaning, and the ancient technology involved in their construction. Also included are: a map, pinpointing the location of each structure, a comprehensive bibliography, especially useful for further research, and a thorough index for specific consultations. This is a fact-filled compendium that readers of all ages will undoubtedly refer to again and again. --Reviewed by Maritza Volmar     