 A mother (Julianne Moore) who still holds on tightly to the memory of her son, more than a year after he died in a mysterious plane crash, is suddenly unable to find any evidence of him ever existing. When her husband (Anthony Edwards) and her psychiatrist (Gary Sinise) try to convince her that the life and son she remembers are only in her imagination, and suggest she submit to a decisive medical treatment to get rid of her last remaining memories, she runs away to embark on a quest to find out what is really happening and why she's so sure that her memories are real and not something she imagined. She seeks the help of another parent (Dominic West) who's also in her situation. At first he refuses to help her thinking that she's crazy, but when she shows him proof of the daughter he had, who died in the same accident as her son and who up until then he couldn't remember, he decides to help her look for the truth. Just as soon as they set about their search for answers, their problems begin; the NSA is hunting them down, a strange figure (Linus Roache) seems to be following everywhere they go, and anyone who tries to help them, including the only cop who somewhat believes them (Alfre Woodward), is paying a price before long. While the premise of this movie sounds solid and intriguing, aside from a few shocking moments - mainly the result of very nicely executed special effects combined with some excellent acting - this movie just doesn't deliver the necessary suspense to maintain its mystery interesting. As if to compensate, needless and unending complications are introduced, which were probably meant to confuse the viewer and set up the "shocking truth" to be revealed at the end - one which is completely obvious after the first 30 minutes of film -, but they only succeed in aimlessly extending the story and ruining the mood for the exploration of the psychology behind the characters. In that same way many relevant key plot points and ideas are inexlicably set aside and, well... forgotten. Overall, this movie is just an interesting premise that deserved to be better scripted and developed for the screen into something a lot more engaging and entertaining than this very weak and undramatic mystery. As for the special features on the DVD, specifically the look behind the scenes and the possibility of viewing the movie as it was theatrically released or with the alternate ending, they only served to make it more obvious to me that the filmmakers didn't know where they were going with this story. You can pass this one up without regrets. --Reviewed by Maritza Volmar     