 This book is one of the best references on the Pilates Method available today, but it's not good enough to be considered a how-to manual. Although a great source of information on the principles of the mat workout, lacks precise instructions on the execution of the exercises, and doesn't include any reference to the equipment and accessories associated to the Method. Learning Pilates from this book without the aid of classes to explain and ensure correct form and fluid, rhythmic movements is very difficult. Its instructions on the motions of the exercises are confusing and not always precise, and its visualizations and diagrams are not clear enough for the inexperienced. Furthermore, only two photographs are given to illustrate each exercise, which are insufficient to properly explain all the necessary motions and positions to perform them. The book only includes the mat workout, which is presented in an well-organized format for various complete workouts, from modified beginner to extra advanced, divided according to the type and level of difficulty of the exercises they comprise. Also, for quick consultations, each complete workout is illustrated in a chart as a sequential list of all its exercises. As a bonus, the book includes a section on Frequently Asked Questions, a Glossary, and a directory of Pilates Studios in the US. I slowly started doing Pilates with this book, but I didn't get too far, as I would sometimes hurt myself as a consequence of a misinterpretation of its instructions. Then I found "Pilates: Body in Motion" by Alycea Ungaro, which is a far superior volume. With its help I took a breath of fresh air that has lasted until today, and I am now doing the advanced workout all by myself. For a satisfying workout that in a short time shows dramatic results that stay with you for a long time, I can't praise enough the Pilates Method. But if you are trying to do the workout by yourself without the convenience of classes, this book is not the best place to start; you'll do better if you refer to Ungaro's book first and then try this one for additional exercises. I assure you that you won't be disappointed. --Reviewed by Maritza Volmar     