 In this amazingly complete 150-page volume, renowned author Lionel Casson, takes us on a wonderful journey of discovery of the role of libraries in the ancient world, from their origins in the Near East in 3000 BC through their evolution until the fall of Roman Byzantium in 1453 AD. Written in a lively prose, this well-researched, fact-filled book explains when, where, why, and how the forerunners of today's modern libraries were created and developed, treating in detail topics such as: *How did they acquire their materials? *How were they physically organized?  *Which, if any, system of cataloguing they used? *Who had access to their holdings? *How they solved problems like theft and damage of their collections? *What was their connection with the rise and fall of education?  The author also presents a concise account of the history of books from clay tablet to papyrus roll to parchment codex to our modern day volumes. He shares fascinating insights into the development of writing and the evolution of writing technology, including:  *What was the purpose of writing?  *Which topics were more commonly written about? *Which materials were used and why?  *Who did the writing? The best part of this book is the entertaining and charming way in which the author illustrates his exposition. By employing captivating anecdotes from sources contemporary to the facts, literary sources that have survived to this day, and archaeological finds combined with modern technology that make possible the reconstruction of ancient library buildings, he makes what would otherwise be a very boring topic feel like a true adventure. As a bonus, the book also explains where many modern words related to libraries and books come from, and includes many drawings and pictures, which perfectly illustrate the points being made, and a thorough bibliography that is an excellent starting point for further exploration.  If you are at all interested in the history of writing, books, and libraries this pleasurable and compact volume is definitely a must-read. --Reviewed by Maritza Volmar     