 This book presents the author's opinion that conventionally printed books of black and white blocks of type are on the brink of experiencing a revolution in design, and introduces us to the end result of this revolution: "designer books." She sustains that richly illustrated, color-enhanced and visually designed texts will completely supplant the traditional ones, in both fiction and non-fiction, and she urges publishers, writers and readers alike to be an active part in the coming changes. In this, if nothing else, beautifully illustrated book that contains over 800 colorful images, the author explains that the emergence of this revolutionary type of book is not the result of chance, but the natural result of an artistic revolution long expected by readers of all ages. She justifies this claim by presenting an overview of the history of the written text, explaining how the illuminated manuscripts disappeared only after the advent of the movable-type press. She explains that it is the recent advancement in the development of computers, software and printing techniques, which for the first time allow just about anyone to print their own really cheap and fully illustrated volumes, the biggest facilitator of this revolution. She believes that it is a revolution that will not only move books and literacy back into every person's life, but will also become the proven solution to the recent dramatic decline in reading on reader's groups of all ages. She also proposes that the use of different colors, fonts and images in "designer books' will work as a learning tool and memory aid, and will make books fit to compete against more engaging mediums like television, multimedia and the Internet. Although I consider this book a truly delightful visual experience, in which each page is a stunning treat of creativity that highlights the aesthetic qualities of the written word, overall it simply fails on many levels. It doesn't deliver on its claim of becoming the instrument that will spark a literary revolution, or on clearly and solidly establishing the reasons behind it. First, it presents anecdotes of the author's experience as a teacher to absolutely validate her argument that colors and images are learning tools, that they enhance memory and comprehension, that they are needed to make conventionally printed texts more interesting to students who prefer "richer" mediums like television, multimedia or the Internet. She cites instances in which by using different colors, fonts and images, she created texts that were more appealing to her less than eager literature class, and proposes this methodology to be the solution to the decline in reading. While her sometimes funny and sometimes enjoyable anecdotes clearly illustrate the point she wants to get across, the points themselves lack objectivity. The book doesn't include the results of any methodical research done to determine the causes behind the decline in reading, similar experiments or observations on other classes under a different learning environment, or the mention and testing of other sensory methods (sounds, textures) to encourage or enhance learning. I believe that the author shouldn't label the solution it proposes as absolute after only considering a single circumstance in which it worked and before at least considering the many other solutions available. Second, she takes us through a historical overview of the development and evolution of writing, the creation of the book since its conception to the present, and the relationship of writing and art through the centuries, citing inventions, discoveries, advances and obstacles. Although the amount of information available for such an ambitious topic could never fully satisfy a single reader, the choice material is again very subjective and aimed at proving the point the author tries to make regardless of the material against it; it lacks depth and more historical references. And although entitled to give her opinion, her feelings invariably keep her from presenting an objective exposition. While the author pays deserved attention to the changes that books underwent after the advent of Gutenberg's movable-type press, from gloriously illustrated manuscripts to black and white blocks of text, she blames Gutenberg for single-handedly destroying the illuminated document. She seemingly blinds herself to both the many circumstances surrounding the widespread acceptance of his type of book other than its cost, and the many benefits derived from its invention, including the preservation of knowledge, the accessibility of books to a wider audience, the time taken to make copies, etc. Third, she cites years of research that conclude with the affirmation that hers is the only book of its kind to conjugate text and images, except for comics, graphic novels, and recipe and children's books. Or that there are no other books that emphasize the importance between the relationship of writing and art. I can't help but wonder just what kind of research the author did. A quick search through Amazon's book catalogue offers dozens of titles on the art of illumination, the use of graphics in book design for various topics, and learning and sensory aids on books. Another search will render thousands of fully illustrated fiction and non-fiction books currently in print and comparable to Goodbye Gutenberg. The list includes guides and manuals on various topics (For Dummies series), encyclopedias (DK's Visual Dictionaries, Encyclopedias and Illustrated Guides), history books (Harry N. Abrams series), poetry books (Blake, Buck, Shakespeare, Yeats), and even fiction books (Wilde's Plays and Short Stories, Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes Adventures, Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit and Lewis' Narnia), not to mention hundreds of magazines. Fourth, the author doesn't seem to give as much importance to what is being said as she does to the graphical way in which the text is presented, something that is evident in her own writing. She not only repeats herself over and over after the first couple of chapters, but she seems to do it to get in more pages for the graphics, something that a good editor, which the book lacks, would have never allowed. Something that unnecessarily lengthens a book, occupies more shelf space in the bookcase, and makes the reader spend more time with a single book only to hear the same things repeated. For me images are not a necessity to either the trained reader or the capable writer, especially in fiction. No matter the genre or topic they should be used to enhance, illustrate or explain the text and not the other way around, unless of course, your subject is the art presented, and even then the writing that accompanies it should be no less than excellent. Good writing, especially in fiction, moves the imagination in a way that the words themselves become the images that accompany the story, giving each reader the opportunity to interpret the author's ideas. An opportunity that I wouldn't trade for a million images, unless they were the author's own or the ones commissioned by him or her according to his or her vision. Fifth and last, the fact that the book tells us repeatedly how wonderful the idea it presents is, makes the author's passion for the written word come off as conceit and self-importance, and the colloquial and personal tone of her prose as condescending and brash. If nothing else, this book is a source of some visual inspiration that could have enormously benefited of a little more objectivity, research, and balanced exposition on the benefits of images, colors and fonts to different types of books and subjects. It would have done better by presenting itself not as the absolute solution and ultimate paths that the books of the future will follow, but as one of many, more applicable to certain topics and subjects than to others. If you are looking for a visually engaging book that contains a bit of the history of writing and some funny, engaging anecdotes of a teacher's struggle to take literature to the heart of some inner city kids, read this book. If you are looking for an objective and seriously researched book about how visual aids can help reading and comprehension, or about the future of the printed page, then look elsewhere. --Reviewed by Maritza Volmar     