 This is, without a doubt, one of the best historical documentaries ever made. In Search of the Trojan War combines archaeological adventure, historical investigation and a charming presentation by historian Michael Wood to bring to life one of the best known Greek legends: the Trojan War. Sifting through vast sources of information, from the ancient to the contemporary, visiting fabled cities, and walking on the footsteps of the people of times past Michael Wood discards speculation to present an objective view on the history of the city of Troy. Made in 1987 by PBS and the BBC, this six-part documentary is still the most complete and vivid depiction of Troy ever presented in television. Each one of the original episodes deals with a particular topic regarding Troy and the Trojan War as explained below:  *The Age of Heroes: presents the many legends and myths of the ancient Greeks, where they came from, the ways they influenced everyday life, and how life ordinarily went on in the Greek world during this historical period.   *The Legend Under Siege: presents the pioneering men, both believers and skeptics, who followed Greek myths into their historical past, discovering legendary cities, awe-inspiring treasures and important cultural facts, and, in the process, creating the science of archaeology.   *The Singer of Tales: presents as detailed a biography on Homer as the information about him permits - including a pleasant and entertaining look at the very old and almost unchanged art of the bard poets - and a detailed analysis of his epic: The Iliad. *The Women of Troy: traces the evidence that places Trojan women on Greek mainland as the probable result of their abduction by victorious Greeks after the War, giving strong historical support to Homer's tale. *The Empire of Hittites: presents the commercial and political connections between the Trojans and the Hittites as recorded in Hittite clay tablets and other historical records, validating further Homer's account of the Trojan War. *The Fall of Troy: presents the conclusions drawn from the historical facts about the reality of the Trojan War, its legend and its heroes. Not only does this documentary include every bit of information you could ever hope to find about the city of Troy itself and its many legends, it also includes information on Greek writing systems and alphabets, other important Greek myths and legends, and the birth of archaeology. If you are a history buff looking for an archaeological armchair adventure, the Indiana Jones type at heart or simply searching for an entertaining way to brush-up on your Trojan history, buy this documentary. I assure you that you will love it.   I would recommend reading the documentary's companion book "In Search of the Trojan War" by Michael Wood for an excellent bibliography to fuel further personal research. The book also includes an updated chapter that presents discoveries made on this topic since 1984 and not included in the documentary, which will not only complement what you'll explore in it, but will also make the conclusions presented on its last episode seem more likely to be correct. Enjoy! --Reviewed by Maritza Volmar     