 This figure is Toy Biz's take on Smagol, the Hobbit that was turned into Gollum when he succumbed to the power of the Ring, as he appears in The Two Towers movie. It's a two-piece set, the figure and an Electronic Sound Base. The figure is a vivid representation of the computer-generated character from the movie. It's not a traditional hard plastic figure, but a bendable figure, molded in soft rubber with inside wires for an endless variety of poses. The paint job is remarkable, pale and pink stipples on his skin give a realistic impression of a delicate, unhealthy flesh. And the amount of details for such a simple creature is extraordinary: you can clearly see the wrinkles on the palms of its hands, the lashes on its back, the thin strands of hair on his head, the irises of his eyes, the fibers on his loincloth and even the outline of almost every bone and tenuous muscle underneath his frail skin.  The Electronic Sound Base on the other hand is made of hard plastic, and it simulates a salient of rocks with vines and a dead twisted tree branch. When you push a button neatly disguised as a stone it plays one of the two alternate recorded phrases, "Nice Hobitts" or "Smagol," in the voice of Andy Serkis, the actor who voices both Smagol and Gollum in the movie trilogy. And although the base doesn't have pegs to secure the figure by its feet, it has plenty of space for the figure to stand on without fear of having it suddenly tumble down. I should also point out that this is the same figure that was released for the Return of the King series under the name of "Gollum with Authentic Movie Phrases," the only difference between the two is the face sculpt, whereas Smagol displays a frivolous look underlined by madness, Gollum wears an evil grin wrapped in hatred for his Hobbit companions and desire for the Ring. This is the best Smagol figure so far, and it looks especially good displayed alongside Frodo and Sam, so don't wait too long to add it to your collection. --Reviewed by Maritza Volmar     