 I love playing with new looks and colors and this book is the perfect tool on how to make it easy and fun while getting professional looking results. It will help you discover exciting new looks you never dreamed of and the full potential of every makeup tool you own. The instructions on how to accomplish every look in the book are clearly illustrated step-by-step, making them extremely easy to follow. The advice given by the author comes alive with his own funny anecdotes on discovering and experimenting with makeup. This book is extremely well organized into three sections. The first one covers the basics of what you need to know about each part of your face, how to apply makeup to each, which tools to use and how to enhance and get the most benefit from your strongest features. The second one shows you makeovers done on ordinary people that look like you and me. It includes before and after pictures that show the impact of well-applied makeup on every kind of skin and color combination. The third section is the most impressive part of the book. It shows known celebrities made up like other celebrities that have established iconic looks over the years. (Look for Lisa Marie-Presley as Marilyn Monroe and Isabella Rosellini as Barbra Streisand). This book also includes a few male makeup techniques, from the conservative (using concealer and powder) to the adventurous (using eyeliner and eyeshadow) to the extremist (using everything from powder and blush to lipstick and a wig). Although there are three or four extreme looks in this book that I don't think I will ever try, all of the rest can be applied just as they are or with slight modifications. The great advice, easy to follow instructions, funny anecdotes, if not the great photographs alone, make this book a must buy for anyone who uses makeup regularly or sporadically. It's so rewarding that you won't be disappointed. I recommend buying Beauty: The New Basics by Rona Berg along with this book to complement the makeup knowledge with the best advice on skin care, hair care and beauty products that's available on a printed format. --Reviewed by Maritza Volmar     