 This is the film version of J. K. Rowling's novel by the same name, the second in the Harry Potter Series. If you liked the first movie and/or read the books, you won't be the least bit disappointed by this well-made adaptation. It's as imaginative, fascinating, fun-filled, and awe-inspiring as the first movie, but it's also darker, more serious and more complex than its predecessor. You will love it as much as the first one but in a different way. The leading characters are more developed, friendships grow closer, feuds deepen, and the underlying evil that will challenge goodness time and again throughout the series is completely revealed. Plots and sub-plots are explained as others are created. The visual effects, the scenery, and musical score excel their predecessors. The spellbinding magic comes back stronger, more entertaining and more serious than before. In this movie as Harry arrives at Hogwarts for a new school year, strange things start to happen. He starts hearing voices and every time he does someone turns up petrified, from the caretaker's cat to a few classmates to a resident ghost. The school might close indefinitely as it becomes unsafe for all the students. Harry discovers a few secrets of the School's past and himself, and is feared as many students believe him to be the cause of the petrifications. He receives the help of a giant (and not-so-friendly) spider, rides a flying car, encounters Tom Riddle, meets a mischievous but well-intended house elf and the most boastful schoolteacher yet and again has to put his integrity, moral strength and noble spirit to the test. The wonderful world created by J. K Rowling is faithfully captured once more in this movie. The actors' performances are better than in the first film and grow concomitantly with their characters. The children are especially delightful to watch in their well-known roles. If you really want to enjoy this movie watch or read Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone first. Get this movie for your children and/or the kid inside you. You'll love it. --Reviewed by Maritza Volmar     