 This is the film version of J. K. Rowling's novel by the same name, the first in the Harry Potter Series. It's an imaginative, fascinating, fun-filled, awe-inspiring movie for all ages, regardless of whether you've read the books or not. (As a matter of fact it was watching this movie that I fell into the Potter mania and started devouring all the books). You will love everything about the movie including the strong characters with their down-to-earth attitude inside their magical worlds and the fascinating possibilities and intricate plots and sub-plots presented in this movie and developed through the series. You'll also enjoy the brilliantly used visual effects, the fantastic scenery, the emotional musical score and, of course, the enchanting, captivating, and sometimes amusing, magic that will take you away to a bewitching place. In this movie Harry discovers, under very unusual circumstances, on his eleventh birthday, that he is a Wizard. He leaves the normal world of Muggles (non-magical folk) where he lives with his Aunt and Uncle and goes to Hogwarts School to be trained in Witchcraft and Wizard. He meets new friends, learns what happened to his parents who died when he was a baby, faces the evil Voldemort for the first time, and shows his courage, bravery and determination trying to prevent the Sorcerer's Stone from falling into the wrong hands. Not only does this movie faithfully captures the world J. K. Rowling created in her books, it also enhances it as only a well made film adaptation can. The actors are so well picked and their performances are so compelling that you'll never read any of the books without imagining the actors in the roles they played. Don't believe the criticism that accuses Harry Potter of being a bad influence on kids and religion before giving it a chance. You will see for yourself that it is not. It is a good-natured story for children (and adults, too) about a group of good-natured characters that face difficult situations and have to put their values and principles to the test in order to triumph over the obstacles they face. Buy this movie and enjoy it with your children and/or the kid inside you. Again, you'll love it. --Reviewed by Maritza Volmar     