 This product, put simply, is just excellent. It combines the best portable drive design I have seen so far in such products, with an outstanding, dependable performance. The 512MB, compact-sized drive measures 2 1/2" with the protective cap off and 3 1/2" with it on. It's made of hard, durable plastic, and has a bright green LED on its top side to indicate when files are being read or written.  The cap is molded from thick, but flexible, black rubber, and fits tightly not only over the USB port, but all around the drive as well, both preventing its accidental detachment and protecting the drive from any impact to its sides. Moreover, it conforms to the USB port so snuggly that even liquids won't get through. And its unique design incorporates a keychain loop that allows you to remove the drive for use, without having to move the cap from its usual hanging place.  I have already purchased 4 of these drives for myself, and I use them all daily on several computers - laptops and desktops - with different configurations, and with different types of files: documents, audio, video, graphics, programs. Not a single problem so far.  Furthermore, this product works perfectly with USB 1.x and 2.x, and its operating speed is ultra fast, whether you are transferring files, creating backups or even writing directly on a file in the drive. It also works under various Windows Operating Systems: 98, 98SE, ME, 2000, NT, and XP, although for 98 and 98SE you must first download and install the free, small driver file from the Lexar Media web page. I have recommended this product to friends and family more times than I can recall, and have yet to receive any negative feedback or complaints from anyone. My one discontent with this product is that it's only manufactured in one color scheme: red and black body, and green LED, but its nifty design and its outstanding performance for over 9 months now - and still counting - more than make up for this marketing oversight.  Overall, this is a superior product for storing and moving your information in a fast, reliable, and practical way. You won't be disappointed. --Reviewed by Maritza Volmar     