 This book is hands-down my favorite step-by-step tool on drawing scenery. It's clearly written, which makes its instructions very easy to follow and understand, and it's masterfully organized in six sections that clearly relate to one another, making it easy to go back to specific topics at any time. In its first section alone (Introduction to the Basics of Scenery Drawing) it includes very well explained drawing basics like composition, space division, picture elements, comprehension factors, materials and more. It also goes beyond most scenery drawing books in the market to include, beside the usual landscape and terrain composition techniques, other important concepts: Drawing Trees and Foliage, Drawing Rocks and Mountains, Drawing Clouds and Skies, Drawing Water (Oceans, Lakes, Rivers and Falls), and Drawing Buildings (in various shapes and sizes). Additional bonuses are the authors' constant tips on a wide variety of topics that go from shading and highlighting to artistic treatment and texturing of surfaces. This book is also fully illustrated with over 900 beautiful diagrams and pictures that work as invaluable examples, which accurately illustrate the instructions given by the author. Some people might be discouraged from purchasing this title due to it being completely illustrated in black & white, but trust me when I say that it doesn't need color images. It's so well written that you'll soon start seeing the illustrations in the colors your imagination and creativeness will give them. I used this book as one would use a textbook on a course, doing all the exercises and going back to all the lessons in each section after I had finished with it. In only two months my work has improved 100% and my drawings have won praise from friends and family. Buy this book if you are a professional trying to fine-tune your craft and buy it if you are a beginner serious about drawing, both will discover the benefits of applying to your work all the essential scenery-drawing techniques that it contains. --Reviewed by Maritza Volmar     