 This is the most complete, fun, practical and informational book about beauty that I have ever read. If the author's knowledgeable-without-being-patronizing and pleasant tone doesn't make your reading fun. If the great illustrations and paper quality doesn't make you fall in love with this book. If the easy-to-use index and cross-referencing doesn't make you come back to it for endless checkups and casual browsing. Then the information contained in the book, the author's use of personal experiences to illustrate particular points and the vast amount of practical advice for you to try out will. The book is divided in three sections that cover: The Face, The Hair and The Body. The Face includes information on the basics of cleaning and caring for your skin, the benefits of facials, advice on aging-skin and techniques for choosing and applying makeup. The Hair section deals with the basics of hair care, coloring and styling (from cuts that fit the shape of your face and body to styling solutions for perfect hairstyles). In the Body the author explains the many rewards of bathing and the care of hands and feet, and gives you the inside scoop on spas. Every section tells you everything you need to know to create and customize your own beauty regimen for each part of your body. Includes special advice for different types of skin and skin tones, different hair colors and textures, eye shapes and colors, body types and beauty techniques (from cleansing gel to surgery). The accurate and up-to-date product recommendations let you easily find tried-and-tested products and worthy splurges without having to go through innumerable tryouts, and her explanations on product ingredients allows you to make a preliminary elimination of harsh or unfavorable new products. Interesting fun treats are the timelines in beauty development at the end of each section, where a lot of interesting and curious tidbits about beauty abound. The only problem the book has is the soft cover binding. At around 400 pages of heavy graphic paper and after a few months of browsing and night table reading, the covers are somewhat worn at the corners and the side is a bit creased. Buy this book if you want to start enjoying the benefits that the knowledge of the basics of beauty can offer, and want to have fun at the same time. Get it in hardcover if you can afford the price. --Reviewed by Maritza Volmar     