 While not his best work to date, Common has put out an excellent album that is the cream of this half-year's crop.  Be - Okay, when the synthesizer kicks in I had a panic attack that this was Electric Circus II. By the time the piano hits I calm down. Like this groove, but the aforementioned synth feels extra. "We got arms, but won't reach for the sky."   The Corner - If you aren't nodding your head by the time the chorus hits, you have negative soul. The Kanye part has not aggravated me yet. "Now I roll in an Olds with windows that don't roll."   Go! - Intro is too long - 37 seconds before you even hear Common. Almost feels like a Kanye West song feat. Common. Way too much chorus, too little rapping. What exactly did Mayer do here? "Dirty words encourage me."   Faithful - Vintage Com - this vibe kind of reminds me of One Day It Will All Make Sense in a good way. Thoughtful and enjoyable. While I like the sample, the sped up vocals during the verses are distracting and unnecessary. Whoa, John Legend and Bilal come out of freaking nowhere. "I'm bad, not as bad as Eric Benet."   Testify - Once again the vocals in the sample are competing with Common rather than compliment him. Not really feeling the story. "The Queenpin."   Love Is - The difference between Dilla and Kanye is so noticeable (boy I hope he produced this). Com rides this beat, as opposed to sharing space with it. Dunno about singing the chorus. "Heartbreak Hotel then you're home again."   Chi City - Production sounds like Premier minus the signature drums. This song would fit in Resurrection. And there are no vocal samples! At this point of the album - this is the standout track for me. "I rap with the passion of Christ, _____ cross me."   The Food - The energy of this damn song is its selling point. I like how they went back and amped up the beat, but cannot help but miss the third verse. I dig the outro. "You love to hear the story, again and again - about these young brothers from the city of wind."   Real People - I really like the jazzy beat on this. Sounds like a cheesy 80's TV theme song in a good way. "The way they treat blacks, I wanna snap like paparazzi."   They Say - I like John Legend, and this sounds like one of his good grooves. Autobiographical and interesting - an explanation/defense of Electric Circus to my ears. Not a fan of Kanye's verse - very little rhyming, annoying high pitch. Would have been interested in hearing Consequence's verse. "I'm the black pill in the Matrix."   It's Your World - I am feeling this one. This could have been on Like Water for Chocolate. Feels good to have Pops back. "My momma gave birth, but she never really had me."   Final thoughts: I bought this with the mindset that I would be satisfied if this was Common's third best album, and I think it is. However, the distance between it and One Day is not as big as I would have liked. Rereading my reviews, I think it is obvious that I find some of the album to be overproduced (Go, Faithful, Testify). Common's strength has always been his superior lyricism, and it feels like it is put on the back burner here on some of the songs. I guess everyone is somewhat possessive of their favorite artists. I would be thrilled if Common and Kanye ended up doing a Blackstar duo-type album, but for a solo Common LP the Kanye stamp feels to heavy here. While I believe this will be his most commercially successful album to date, I wonder how well this will age. Favorite songs: Chi City, The Corners, The Food. Least favorite songs: Go, Testify (although to be fair, my friends LOVE this song).      