 After hearing this album, I was apoplectic with rage.  To summarize the below review: if you want to know more about B.I.G., listen to the Ready To Die remastered version and Life After Death; if you want to know how he would sound over newer beats, listen to DJ Vlad's Rap Phenomenon cd.  Whatever you do, do NOT buy this cd.  If you are a fan of B.I.G. (and were actually old enough to remember Ready To Die) this album will enrage you.  This is the worst kind of cheap, cut-and-paste, over-produced crap out there.  I literally have no idea why anyone thought this album was necessary unless Puffy was behind on one of his mortgages.  I find it to painful to go through the entire album, but I will try to hit some high/low points.    Spit Your Game - lyrics lifted completely from "Notorious Thugs".  Twista at least fits the rhyme scheme, and since he did the original song with B.O.N.E. it is too hard to articulate why this one sounds wrong.  Whatchu Want - lyrics lifted from unreleased song.  Jay-Z shows his business acumen by picking the best original beat, but even that cannot save him from spitting his laziest verse since BP2.  Get Your Grind On - lyrics lifted from "You're Nobody;" in what will prove to be a trend, they rob more artists' graves and have Big Pun perform on the track with Fat Joe (who might as well be deceased).  Pun was nice with his, and seemed to have a genuine appreciation for real lyricists, which makes this collaboration even worse.  Freeway is not worth mentioning.  Living The Life - lyrics lifted from unreleased song.  This is one of those songs you can obviously tell no one was in the studio at the same time.  You have Biggie's normal braggadocio, then Ludacris comes in with a (pretty hot) verse about womanizing, which fits the song.  Then after the terrible chorus comes Snoop talking some "stop snitching" stuff.  The song totally falls apart at this point.  1970 Somethin' - lyrics lifted from "Respect".  I actually like this song.  Beat is aiight, and Game seems to come at this thing respectfully.    Nasty Girl - lyrics lifted from "Nasty Boy (wow, how clever)."  When you produce the worst song on a dump of an album like this, you really have nothing to brag about.  Hearing Jazzy Pha babble over the beat even makes Puffy sound palatable.  And what crapfest would be complete without Nelly?  It is a tribute to Jagged Edge's crappiness and Jazzy Pha's corniness that Nelly is only the third worst part of this song.  Living in Pain - lyrics from House of Pain (unreleased).  This song is tight.  What, I cannot hate everything.  In a perfect world, this would be a maxi-single.  Everyone here meshes well, from Biggie to Pac to Nas to MJB.  Beef - lyrics lifted from "What's Beef?"  I remember when this collaboration would have been excellent.  I think it was 1996.  Hustler's Story - Puffy is no idiot, he picked the latest Jeezy single with Akon and remade it with B.I.G.   Not a fan.    Ultimate Rush - lyrics lifted from "Drugs;" at least Missy tried to make it an actual duet - an average call & response record.  Even coal looks valuable buried in crap.  Hold Your Head - lyrics lifted from "Suicidal Thoughts;" I guess someone thought having Bob Marley's and Biggie's lyrics on the same song would be deep rather than a cynical money grab.  Takes all kinds I guess.  Wake Up Now - lyrics lifted from "If I Should Die Before I Wake;" I can just see Puffy now, thinking that since All About The Benjimans worked as a rock remix he should get KoRn to do this.  Very, very bad.  And as the worst for last:  The Most Shady - (mercifully) no B.I.G. lyrics.  Over what is boring enough to obviously be an Eminem beat, Em and Puffy take turns massacring the accomplishments of a legend.  Eminem drops more Pac references than B.I.G. ones, Obie Trice is okay actually (probably the second best non-B.I.G. verse on the album), but I want to close the review with the arrogance of Puffy's world view (note how many times "I/my" is used in this tribute):  "I took a coal, a diamond, I molded his mind, enter The most phenomenal artist of any and all time I made a Frankenstein, my designs impressed Backpackers and press who said my house was a mess Critics lash, said I made a fortune off of his past and All is did was build a dynasty off of his passion."      