 Jean Grae is a great MC.  Period.  Not a great female MC, or a great femcee, or a "better than Eve and Little Kim MC."  A. Great. MC.  To only compare her to her female contemporaries does her an injustice.  With her catalog, the talented Ms. Grae has earned the right male MC's take for granted: the right to have her skills evaluated versus any of her peers.  Fans of Jean are already aware of her creative lyrics and multi-dimensional talent (she can SANG too).  If you came across her on the Roots' The Tipping Point or Talib Kweli's Beautiful Struggle and are using this review to contemplate buying this album, I assure you the skill she showed on those tracks is the rule rather than the exception.   One of the things that make Jean Grae such a compelling talent is her frank self-disclosure.  Many of her songs are autobiographical and brutally honest to the point that you almost feel like you know her.  You can feel the urgency edged with despair in "Take Me," follow her romantic (mis)adventures in "Love Song," grieve with her on "Fade Out," and hear her frustration and anger in "Hater's Anthem."  This emotion, coupled with a gift for narrative, is one of her best assets as a MC, and it is harnessed beautifully in This Week. This Week finds Jean in what appears to be a happier state of mind then her previous work.  Several songs on the album are about finding love rather than being burned by it (see Supa Love, Whatever).  I think Jean does her best work over soulful beats in the Pete Rock/9th Wonder vein.  Fortunately for us, 9th produces a couple of bangers (with Don't Rush Me being the highlight of the album in my opinion).  I can only hope that despite the leak she and 9th still release Jeanius.  "Whatever" (wrong track listing?) is a song I have been listening to a lot.  The first half seems to me as if it could be Jean speaking on her experience with hip-hop on some Used To Love H.E.R. type ish.  Perhaps I am reading too much into it: either way it is nice.  With P.S. she rewards long-time fans with updates on the situations she described in earlier albums.  While I have probably already shredded any semblance of objectivity at this point, the album does have its weak points.  Annoying dudes yelling works great for Kay Slay, here not so much.  She also seems to desert her theme (a week in the life of Jean Grae) partway through the album, when the only way to tell that it is a new day is someone actually saying it.  That being said, this is still one of my favorite albums this year.  As Jean states on P.S., she's done a lot of growing up.  4.5 stars: buy this album.     