 Talib Kweli is an artist who cannot escape his past.  Much like Nas, he made the "mistake" of having his earliest works attain almost classic status (Black Star and Reflection Eternal).  These gems have raised expectations to the point that excellence is expected from his devoted fan base.  The first few times I listened to this album, I was not impressed.  It was only after giving it a couple months when expectations had died down that I was able to appreciate BS, and felt moved to write this review.  Having gotten his strongest mainstream endorsement to date on Jay-Z's Black Album, Kweli attempts to toe the line between the underground that got him there and the mainstream appeal he apparently craves.  The results are a mixed bag, which seemed not to satisfy either camp.    As a huge fan of Kweli's earlier work, I feel that the mainstream attempts were more unsuccessful.  The worst of these was the Mary J. Blige-assisted I Try, a blatant Get By rip-off.  The song seems so formulaic and forced, as opposed to its predecessor's beautiful optimism.  An additional disappointment comes unlikely enough from the Hi-Tek/Kweli Back Up Offa Me.  With the chorus constantly repeating this phrase, the whole song seems somewhat mundane.   The disappointments are clearly outnumbered by the Beautiful Struggle's good-to-great tracks.  On the Neptunes-produced "Broken Glass," Kweli flexes his storytelling muscles, spinning an enthralling tale of a girl's selling of herself.  Black Girl Pain is a beautiful, moving tribute from Kweli to his daughter (with a stellar appearance from Jean Grae).  Common and Anthony Hamilton lend their voices in Ghetto Show, and John Legend does the same in Around My Way.  Both these songs are solid, if unspectacular.  Just Blaze continues his quest to become 2005's best producer with Never Been In Love (the current, Andre 3000-esqe video).  When the album concludes with the title track, it feels like Kweli and Hi Tek have recaptured their magic, and are both on top of their games.   Kweli's wordplay vacillates throughout the album, but is at his best when introspective and observational rather than trying to make people dance or braggadocios.    Overall, this album works best when you go into it with no expectations.  I can honestly say that it will probably be appreciated more after time passes: not because it is groundbreaking or revolutionary, but because it is just not as bad as its detractors (spurned Black Star fans) say.     