 The Game's debut album is worth having, if for nothing else than the murderers' row of producers on it.   If you are a fan of current mainstream producers, this album should be everything you would hope for.  Excellent work by Dre, Kanye, Hi-Tek, and Timbaland make this probably one of the most costly albums ever made.  That is not even taking into account guest spots by 50 cent (3), Nate Dogg (2), Eminem, Mary J. Blije, and Faith Evans.  In my opinion the real star of this album is Just Blaze.  His two tracks (Church For Thugs, and No More Fun and Games) are the albums high points, with Hi-Tek's Runnin close behind.  Even the Eminem-produced We Aint is aiight.  Top to bottom, this album *sounds* good both in the car and in a normal stereo.  While Game has shown his talents on several mix tapes and guest spots, The Documentary is too repetitive and unambitious.  It is nice to recognize those who came before you and paved the way.  However, Game's constantly repeated references to Dre (35 times), 50-Cent (17), G-Unit (10), and popular older rappers (Tupac, B.I.G., Jay-Z) are tiresome (not to mention the way he disengenuously claims a Jay-Z diss is meant for Ja Rule).  At times, the Documentary seems like one long G-Unit infomercial, with rappers, sneakers and other products plugged accordingly.  The downside of being able to afford top-tier guest rappers (he shares billing on 12 of the 17 tracks) is that more often then not Game is outshined by them, with the obvious exception of Tony Yayo.  Game does have some clever punchlines, but he seems at times to be a caricature  - you can almost picture Dre in the lab thinking, "I'll take Banks' wit, Buck's gangsta attitude, combine them and presto!"  I do not mean to not give him credit: Game does have an excellent flow, rides a beat well, and can be fairly clever at times.  It just seems that is album is too cynically exploitive and self-conscious (for instance the SE cover that is a rip-off of Ready to Die with a NWA chain).  In the end I give the Documentary 3.5 stars: worth listening to, but not as impressive a debut as I expected based on his earlier stuff.     