 My review will focus on how well the 370z replaces a 35mm point-and-shoot. I've been very happy with my Pentax IQZoom90WR for six years and I wanted to see if the 370z could replace it for most situations. LENS QUALITY:  Indistinguishable except in HDTV mode at small focal lengths where  curvature is noticable at the sides. Still acceptable. RESOLUTION:  Indistinguishable on 4x6/4x7 prints at ASA 100 and 200. Lack of precise  definition of edges with ASA 400 but still acceptable. If you want to blow  up the photo to 8x10, you'll want to use ASA 100 and that will limit you to  bright light situations. If I decide to do night photography outdoors (like  the Disneyland parade), I'll switch back to my 35mm using ASA 400. (I  should note however that the 370z performed well. I'm just a bit of a  perfectionist.) RED-EYE REDUCTION: Not as effective as my Pentax IQZ90WR.  Based on the shots I've taken, red-eye occurs in 10-15% of my face-on flash  shots. The occurence with my Pentax is less than 1% but it does use a  pre-flash whereas the 370z uses a mini-lamp. PORTABILITY: Excellent! Put it  into its case and strap it to your belt and you won't know it's there. This  is a BIG plus of the 370z since it allows you to enjoy your environment as  well as be a photographer. The worst shot in the world is the one you  didn't take because you didn't have your camera with you. FOCAL LENGTHS:  Comparable but the 370z is a step-zoom whereas my 35mm has a continuous  zoom. This is not much of a problem since you'll rarely encounter a  situation that requires absoultely precise framing with a zoom. FRAME  FORMATS: Panoramic mode shows too much grain at ASAs 200 and above.  Thankfully there's ...MID-ROLL CARTRIDGE CHANGE: Excellent feature! Allowed  me to switch to ASA400 at night and ASA100 when the sun was bright.  WISHLIST ITEM: If only it were weather-resistant or splash-proof. SUMMARY:  It's replaced my 35mm point-and-shoot for documenting my family's vacations  and daily activities but I still keep my 35mm in a suitcase or the car for  rainy days, special night shots, or situations where I might want a photo  blown-up to 8x10. This camera is well designed for its target market; the  average photographer who wants to capture day-to-day shots.     