 I liked this book and would recommend it to those interested in covered call writing.  There are a few things to keep in mind while reading this book:  1- McMillan is a very well established authority on option strategies, I remember reading his options books way back in 1984, when I was the local options specialist at Dean Witter.  However, if you read his comments on covered call writing in his other books, he's much more guarded with his support than he is in this text.  2- Nowhere in the book do the authors discuss the extreme increase in time and especially paperwork that is required to successfully implement this strategy.  I've always thought of  managing an equity portfolio as investing (mostly passive), managing covered call positions is more like work (trading takes lots of time and effort to do it right).  That's OK, call writing also reduces risk and gives you a lot more control, but be prepared to invest a lot of your time.   3- In my experience, most people really have a hard time with this strategy. Yes, it's easy to implement, but most dedicated options traders find this a bit too basic for their interests, and it ties up too much capital.  Most equity investors have a hard time with the amount of work, loss of long-term capital gains impacts, tax reporting headaches and giving up some appreciation potential.  The people who usually succeed with covered call writing tend to be really good percentage thinkers, very organized at tracking and analyzing investment results, and good with the basic record keeping.  Those who thrive at it really love it, but it's not for everyone.  I wish the book would have addressed these issues. Also, there is a lot more strategy involved in managing a covered write portfolio than was discussed in this book. To my mind, the subject was over-simplified here.  Still, it's a very good book, and one I recommend without hesitation.  I'm a big advocate of covered call writing for those who are willing to take the plunge.       