 After two albums that showed a progressively softer side of Firehouse (3, and CATAGORY 5), Firehouse come out with what may be their heaviest album to date. Now, I really enjoyed CATAGORY 5, and found it to be their best album, taking a more mature approach, but for fans of their first two albums, this can be seen as a welcome return to form. In addition, the band adds some more modern elements to some of their music, which actually works surprisingly well. "Jumpin'" gets the album off to a rocking start, similar to "Rock on the Radio" or "Reach for the Sky". The song isn't strong as either of those though."Take it Off" is a typical Firehouse rocker, and one of the best songs on the disc. "The Dark" is somewhat of a departure for Firehouse, with a rap-metal sound that sounds a bit at times like the Red Hot Chili Peppers(!) or Rage Against the Machine. Now, amazingly, the band manages to pulls this off, and its one of the more interesting songs on the album, as they manage to blend a little bit of their own style with this approach. "Don't Fade on Me" is my favortite song on the album. A ballad, but a far heavier and more complex than such previous hits like "When I look into your eyes", the song has something of an epic structure that, in my opinion results in one of Firehouse's best songs (if not THE best) yet. "I'd Rather be Making Love" is a typical, Firehouse style rocker. "What you can do" is a bit of a change of pace for Firehouse, with somewhat of an alternative sound, maybe a little like Matchbox 20. The song is far better than that association I just made sounds though, as the song is one of the best on the album. "I'm in Love This Time" is also a bit different for Firehouse. It's more of just a stripped-down, Aerosmith style rock song. And it's a pretty good one."Unbelievable" is a decent slow-paced rocker in the vein of "Sleeping with You". "Unbelievable" is definitely the biggest disappointment on the album. Firehouse's big love ballads, while not always my favorites, are definitely well done, and sometimes appear something of a trademark. This song badly flops however, in comparison to great ballads like "I Live my Life for You" and "Love of a Lifetime". It's not a terrible song, but's it's not a great one either, and this is usually one area Firehouse nails down pretty well. "Call of the Night" is a strong, heavy end to the album. Overall, this is a very strong effort, a must-have for Firehouse fans (definitely those who loved their first two albums). The only negative worth noting is the lack of ballads. If you're big fan of the Firehouse ballad, there's only two, and while "Don't Fade on Me" is amazing, its not a conventional ballad, and "Unbelievable" is unbelievably bad. This is a great album though, and its nice to see Firehouse returning to their roots, and amazingly successfully incorporating some different sounds into this record.     