 DISTURBING BEHAVIOR by itself was a decent, slighly above average film that was marketed as teen horror, when it really is fueled by the same kind of paranoia that director David Nutter worked with on "The X-File's". Seeing it in the theatres, I was surprised by how little it relied on scares, and instead was a more plot-driven quirky sci-fi film. The big problem, however, was the lack of development for many of the character's (particularly William Sadler as the "more-than-who-he-seems" janitor). Therefore, the film was fun and original, but also nonsenical and abrupt. Well, thank god for DVD. DISTURBING BEHAVIOR ranks right with BRAZIL in my opinion as a film the studio did the best they could to commercialize and destroy it (in BRAZIL's case the director won). On DVD, eleven deleted scenes, all with optional commentary by David Nutter can be viewed, and every single one of them adds a great deal to the film. While the great tragedy of the package is that you can't view the film with all this footage added, watching each cut scene seperately reveals a great amount of debt that this film (originally) had. The best of these scenes is definitely an extended meeting between Sadler's janitor and the James Marsden character. In the film itself, this brief meeting shows that the janitor might be more than he seems, but is so brief as to be completely confusing. With the added footage, Sadler brings great poignancy to his character, gives some extremely valuable information on the beginning of the changes in the town, and delivers the (would be) film's best line: "This town sucks for heroes; you looking to be the first?" It's a tragedy that this scene was cut, and you can practically hear David Nutter weep over losing each one of these scenes. The alternate, much darker ending on the boat completely changes the tone of the film and adds a great sadness in its scope, which in my opinion could have gave the film the potential to at least be a solid piece of work, rather than a so-so hackjob.  Anyone truly interested in film and its development should consider this film essential (regardless of whether you actually like DISTURING BEHAVIOR or not). An example of how studios can ruin movies, watching this alongside the criterion DVD of BRAZIL shows the difference between what happens when the director wins, and what happens when the studio does. DISTURBING BEHAVIOR could have been, at the least, a good film, but it instead a curiosity. I only wish that one day they re-release this film WITH the added scenes (directors cut anyone?), because I have a feeling that we might have a cult favorite on our hands.     