 Let me start by saying that I love horror movies, and I enjoy cheesy ones as well. Full Moon does make some really great trashy movies (The Puppet Master and Subspecies series for example), but this one is just plain trash. In fact, I'm very angry that 90 minutes of my life was wasted on this crap. The plot of the The plot concerns a guy who loves a girl whose boyfriend is a hoodlum. In order to pay the guys back after getting beaten up, the guy invokes Killjoy, some kind of killer clown demon to come take care of his problem. Well, nothing happens, and then the hoodlum and some of his partners kill the guy, and one year later, Killjoy pops up to wreak havoc. I probabaly just made that sound a lot better than it actually is. The movie has no continuity. In the first scene, the guy attempts to ask out the girl, but is then beaten by the hoodlum and his partners. Cut straight to a scene of the guy sitting in a circle surrounding by candles holding a clown doll and "calling on Killjoy". I couldn't figure out what was going on, like who or what is Killjoy? In addition, there's an ominous mystical man who looks entirely like a wino and gives no explanation of what Killjoy is and disappears in a flash of light (demonstrating some really bad SFX). This movie seems to get everything wrong. It takes its incredibably stupid plot seriously, the acting is terrible, the script is full of cliches and bad dialogue, not to mention the Killjoy character. After the movie wasted a good half-hour getting to him, any seriousness the movie is going to attempt goes down the drain when he opens his mouth. First of all, Killjoy laughs after everything he says...everything! And it gets really annoying when nothing he says is funny. If you're looking for a good horror movie, this is not it. If you're looking for a bad horror movie to make fun of, this still is not it, and if you're a full moon fan, notice that this an especially ripe turkey. In addition, there's a documentary included that is actually the only fun you might have with this movie. The seriousness of the actors and producers, who treat this movie as if it were CITIZEN KANE are laughable. Beware! The box makes this movie look like some trashy fun, but the only fun you'll have with this movie is hitting the eject button on you're VCR to get rid of it.     