 It is so rare to discover a book that awakens profound truths within one's own heart. Testimony of Light is a powerful candid view of life after death as experienced by Sister Frances Mary and sent to Helen Greaves through mental telepathy. The communion between these two women (who were close friends before Francis Banks died) and who are now on different sides of the veil was achieved without effort as a natural outpouring of their mental telepathic skills.      Even though Sister Francis was a Catholic nun, her experiences after death move far beyond the pictures of any religion and embrace the universal. With deep compassion and clear descriptions of her continued expansion, Francis Banks shares story after story as she works in the half-way house to assist many newly arrived souls to make the adjustment to life without a physical body.     As I read it I felt that I was in touch with a rare soul who had vision, deep understanding of a spiritual life, and an adv! enturous spirit. Francis Bank's humility revealed her depth of knowledge as she faced new experiences on the astral plane in the attempt to learn and to aid others.     Many people come to me after the death of a loved one and I always recommend this book--regardless of their religious or non-religious beliefs. I have given away at least 20 copies to my friends in grief. Without exception all have called to say that reading this book was the single most inspiring and healing knowledge that has come to them. They point out that it has changed their whole view of life and death and awakened them to the wonderful possibilities that are right in front of all of us right now.       Do not wait for a period of grief to read this book. It will create a flowering of your soul and mind at any time, and will inspire you to love and to forgive past all measure. If you have the least anxiety about death or a fear that the material life may be all there is, Testimony of Light can lift ! you to a far greater vision and stimulate in your heart an ! energizing response that expands and enriches your life.     