 My co-workers and I find this book to be extremely useful in realizing and meeting our own expanding responsibilities to  influence the direction of our civilization through meditation and also through work on the physical plane. The Tibetan Teacher, known as Djwhal Khul, who asked Alice Bailey to write this book as he gave it telepathically to her, first explains the importance of human free will. The Hierarchy of Masters cannot infringe upon human free will and impose a course of action based on their own deeper knowledge and more profound insight. The powerful support from the Great Ones for a civilization of light and love is explained. The outcome, however, depends upon how we humans use our free will. The energies at work behind our world scene are shown and some of the great Beings are identified who are in service to this planet during this climaxing moment of human evolution. He explains many aspects of this work by the Masters.  The two Great Approaches to humanity, the Buddha and the Christ, are discussed. The Buddha challenged the people to tread the Path of Illumination, of wisdom, mental perception and intuition. The Christ was the expression of this Light, and also of Love. A third Great Approach to humanity is described as imminent as the Hierarchy moves closer to humanity -- in response to humanity's demonstration of creative love and humanitarian efforts.  The Externalization of the Hierarchy (when the Masters will once again walk with humans upon the earth) will come after the process of realignment between all spiritual groups and the Masters has taken place. We are warned not to evade responsibility by placing it upon the shoulders of spectacular men. No single group has the answer to world peace. Humanity itself must each contribute, acknowledge mistakes, ask forgiveness for errors of judgment and world-wide selfish purpose. No one national group is purely wrong and evil or purely good and unselfish.  The message is clear, everything depends upon our willingness to work in cooperation with others, to act with wisdom and love in every situation.     