 This program is a fun and fast way to start recognizing Russian words and sentences.  You learn by hearing and seeing written cues along with photographs that represent various concepts.  Click on the correct photograph and get a rewarding sound and move forward.  It is intuitive, and you will find that you recognize a great deal very quickly. There are a few drawbacks to the program, however.  Because the program teaches using photographs, it is difficult to show that "I" am doing something or "you" are doing something.  Most of the sentences, therefore, are in the third person. This is a challenge when you go to speak to someone and find that most of your conversation would be in the first and second person. The other drawback is that there is no explanation of the grammar, and no translation of new vocabulary.  I use this program with a Russian/English dictionary at my side.  I understand that the point is that you learn the word for a concept rather than a translation, which is a better way to learn.  On the other hand, it is not always clear what the photograph is trying to convey.  For example, a photograph of a 1950s vintage green car has a word you have learned to be car, and an adjective.  I had no idea what it was getting at until I looked up the adjective to see that it meant "old."  Occasionally you might get an answer wrong because you mistook the action in the photo not because you didn't understand the grammar.  It's not a major problem, but you do feel a bit cheated when it happens! Also, it would be useful to have a function that would allow you to look up a grammatical rule behind new vocabulary so that you could not only hear that a certain ending is being added, but have an explanation of why it is being added.   Overall, however, I would recommend this program for its ease of use.  It makes you feel that you're making progress very quickly, which helps get you past some of the discouragement you can sometimes face with a text book full of declensions. I'd recommend using it with a good Russian/English dictionary and the book Master The Basics Russian which has good grammar charts.     