 I wrote here about 2 months ago when I got my sweeper. First  let me tell you abit about why I need and love it.  I have 4 indoor cat's and 4 indoor dogs, one of them a all times shedding ger. sheperd. I live in north ga. and we have a lot of red clay then in a yard with a lot of dogs running, turns into dry ground spots that turn into dust. I am lazy when it comes to cleaning so even tho I should sweep at least once a day, I do it once every 5-14 days!  The dog's spend most of their time in the 400 sq.ft living room with us.  It has 25 year old wall to wall carpet. I am highly alergic to dust and pet dander. (bad when you are a lazy cleaner and pet lover). When I  sweep it is layers of hair and dust deep in the carpet.  This sweeper gets it ALL. (the rug changes color..tho it is a mixed hue med. brown, it gets dull and darker when to much dust in it.) I have only used hovers as they got the most out, in the last 7 years I had the wind tunnel and the self propeld wind tunnel.  This works better then eihter of them.  Also, with the hoover's the belt kept breaking or streatching . no belt with this one. This sweeper is easer for me to push with a bad back then the wind tunnel self p. I have never had an upstares floor and if I did, would get a sweeper just for there, so I can't say about taking it up stares. When my husband would sweep he would sweep any and everything on the floor, never pick anything up.  This ment a lot of sweeeper clogs.  And most were a pain to get out, most times it would take an hour, one time I had to take it to the shop to be taken apart. This the dyson it all comea apart so when (after husband swept..lol)I got a clog with it , the sweeper was very easy to take apart, get rid of the clog and put everything back where it went. I get so much fine dust that it gets into the small holes in the chamber. I put a paper on the floor, bounce the end of the chamber on the floor, on the paper, and get a lot of dust that poors out of the bottem of it.  Sure it would be nice for the price to have more things on it, but I paid the price to get a sweeper that did the job I needed it to do and did not kill my back doing it. This sweeper is everything I wanted, and more.  It could use a few tweeks here and there but nothing that really bugs me. My 23 yr old daughter is moving in with a friend the summer of 2004. She has two cat's and 4 dogs, all short hair dogs tho. They too will be house dogs. I was going to give her my old wind tunnerl self p. but I think instead I will save up and get her the red dyson.  In the long run it will be better for her. We dont' have a lot of money, my husband and I live off his disabilty ret. pay and ss disabilty pay. (he had a stroke 15 years ago at the age of 43).  So I would not put this kind of money into something, let alone get one for my daughter, if I did not love it and belive in it.  I was looking at the reviews and the one about the noise it makes.  Ok, as I said above, we have very old carpet and mix that with  a lot of running and playing dogs, you get threads that come loose and are pulled and sticking up.  When they get wraped around the brush roll and it can not move, it makes a loud rattle, till it breaks the thread loose from the carpet. (my old sweeper did kind of the same thing.) I check the brush roll time to time to clip any threads that got wraped around it. I have had to do this with any sweeper I ever had.  AS to other noise, it makes less then my wind tunnel did. (still have to turn the tv up when using it tho. *smile*) As to price, well there are none to get around where I live so I have to go online.  Most charge 525 or so before the shipping cost. I got mine from Amazon for $499 (the purple one) and NO shipping cost.  So it was still cheaper then any I could find. JUNE 26, 2005 We have had this computer for some time now. It still works great for the few problems we have had (we had problems by this time with ANY sweeper we had!) It died this fall , i had just gotten out of the hospital so could not take it anyplace and we no longer had the box for it. Talking to the support for it, they sent me a box, I put the sweeper in it, it was picked up (free shipping) from our porch by ups (dyeson took care of all of it) sent to NY for free repairs, sent (free) back to us and we had it in less then 10 days! (from the day it was picked up to the day we got it back). My husband tends to not pay attention and picks everything up when he sweeps, with our hoover things would get cloged and take a long time, if at all, for me to get it out.  There are so many parts to this that are easy to take off and put on, no problem at all.  As I was ill, I did not get the filter cleand in April. (the last time I did it was a year ago).  It lost suction so after checking everything else, I checked the filter.  It was coverd thick with a fine dust from the clay/dust tracked in by the dogs and rug powder.  I cleaned it, it took longer to dry due to humidty (so I will be getting a spare one) but all works fine now.  we get so much fine dust here tho I may clean it every 3 or 4 months rather then 6 months.  With a spare I can use it right away so not a problem. Some talk about the attachemnts not holding up...I do not use mine that much so really can not comment on it, i have maybe used them each, 3 times since I bought it.  I do agree on one change they need tho.  Getting the hose out can be a bit of a pain, but I have yet to find a sweeper that is not a pain in some way, the real problem for me is you have to take out/off all the cord to use the hose.  often I do not want/need to unwind it but to use the hose...i use it a lot, you have to take off all the cord (then rewind all of it....as I am lazy...that is a pain.) They have adds on tv now for the windtunnle being better then the  dysen.  I have not used a hoover for over a year, but unless it has changed  lot, that is wrong.  Ok, if you do not have a lot of pets and/or are not allergic to pet dander, if you do not get a lot of dust or have thick carpet/pads in every room in the house...due to it being cheaper...the windtunnel may be fine for you.  I always liked them, they just were not good enough for what I need!  I use my sweeper to pick up used cat litter when i clean the pan and some gets on the floor.  It is a cinch to take all the house out, run hot water in it, spray it with lysol, and hand it over out outside fence in the sun to dry for a bit. (I may get an extra hose so I can still use it while the other one is cleaning).  The brush is a pain for me to take off and put on tho.  we can get pet hair cought in it.  (we have a lot) and with the old carpet with loose threds from dogs running...they can pull off and get wrapped around the brush..so for me wish the brush were easer to clean/change.  But I am thinking of giving this one to my daughter, even if she has mostly only hardwood floors right now, and getting a new one for myself. Now if only I can get the dogs to let me sweep them before the hair gets on the floor...sigh.  (years ago I did have a dog that loved to have the sweeper run over him)     