 We have 4 dogs...one of them a german shepard, and 4 indoor cat's in our house. I have bad allergies to dust and animal dander since I was 5 (I am now 47). The best I could do in the past was the hoover windtunnel then I got the hoover windtunnel self propelled. But even it did not get all the hair up, which cloged my steam cleaner when I used it..it got the rest up.  I also have a bad back. The Dyson Animal is even easer to push then the self propelled that I had. Also it has no belts, on the other one they kept breaking. IT was a snap to put together, and had NO screws. I thought It takes up the dirt and hair so easy and so easy to 'dump' into a trash can.  It also takes up very little space.  My Hoover self propelled was around $300.  For the extra $200 I have something that comes close to being worth it's money. (ok so I would rather pay $150. for it..as I don't have all that much money.) I have never been excited about a sweeper or sweeping, but with the Dyson I am. (well more then before anyway. :)) I like it so much I am thinking about getting one for my 23 daughter when she moves. (she has 3 dogs and two cats and tends to take strays in.) I will save so much on bag's, I spent $5.00 for 3 bags...and I tend to use 1 bag every two times I swept (if it was at least every other day) for the living room (20x20) and the kitchen (wall to wall  late 70's carpet in both.). In short, this sweeper dose everything I hoped it would and then some.  I have only had it for a week so time will tell, but I do not think my mind will change on this. My hoover kept getting clogged and I could never get to the parts to fix it. With this sweeper you can take off the 3 main part's where it would clogg very easy and is easy to put back on. Some here seem to think it is to heavey,etc.  Well I have always lived on one floor and if I had a second floor I would get two sweepers. I could not carry my Hoover up to a 2nd floor either and it is still heaver then the Dyson. I never used the light on my other sweepers, never noticed them.  I find one fault tho, it would be nice to have the cord go in a way where you do not have to unwind it to use the hand tools. But it stores much easer then my other sweepers so I do not really mind it.    If you have the money and are thinking about getting one, get it. Also, I orded it here on one day...a saturday and got it 5 days later.   Someone said it is not cheaper then other places. Well we live 1 hour from where I could get it in a store , I don't drive that far down the mt. very much. With the free shipping, I could not find a better price anywhere else.     