 I have had this for 5 days now.  The reason I got it was because we have our tv, sat reciver/pvr, and combo vcr/dvd player all hooked up as one.  I could not find a remote that controled all of them.  For the pvr/reciver I wanted to have all the function, not just on and off, as the pvr remote gave me.  I had the Kameleon 8 in one touch remote from Radio Shack and liked it  (tho it was a big large and did not fit my small hand, and with the vib thing, well with 3 dogs, it was going on ALL THE TIME and I had to replace batteries every 2 weeks!)  So I tried this one, it did everything I wanted it to..including using the vcr OR dvd on the combo player (the other one would only do the vcr)..Tho there is a small problem with that sometimes it puts the dvd player on rather then then vcr, but I use the help button and fix that no problem.)  AS to the buttons, well my hands are the same size they were when I was in the 5th grade (I am now 50...5ft tall and size 5 1/2 shoe if that gives an idea of hand size.) so I do not even notice small buttons.  And they are the same size and type as on my  dvd/vcr remote and my pvr remote so use to them.  But tho this remote does everything I wanted it to, I did not expect the extras.  It is a pain to go thought  the guide on the pvr to see what I want to watch, even tho I have differnt guides for differnt types of shows...it is still at least 20 per guide.  I put my fav 16 on here and then my top 40 on the other all guide.  It is easy to see what I want to watch..tho often I find there is only 5 min's to something, but that is no big deal. I have it set for 4 days so every 4 days I have to go online with it hooked up, update (takes about  5 min's or less for dsl) and then sometimes push 'help' on the remote to get it to 'set'.  It all takes between 5 and 12 min's from start to end.  Not a problem.  (took a few times to 'get' it tho.) I got confused on the web site so called their 800 # 2 or 3 times and the talke me though it, no problem.  (tho at times as to accents tI was not sure the help site was in the usa...but as long as I could understand them and they knew what they were talking about, no problem.)       