 Well my favorite faery tale is Cinderella so when I found this book I had to get it. This is the second book in a series. the first book "In the Wake of the Wind" was wonderful. Now is this book we get Rafe's story. He has come to Ireland after his cousin has died leaving him an estate. He finds in horrible condition. His cousin was not a good lord and had spent all the money from the estate on his pleasures rather than on the land or its people. The have lived for quite a while under very poor conditions and they are very suspicious of the British. Rafe, frustrated with everything goes on a long ride and encounters the most beautiful woman he has ever seen, alone on an edge of a cliff, quoting poetry. This beauty is Lucy Kincaid, the daughter of the former Irish lord before Rafe's cousin took over. She has been treated like a servant/slave by her stepmother and her two step sisters since her fathers death 9 years previously. She is very wary of strangers and when he approaches she seems to jump right off the cliff. He is heartbroken to think that she has killed herself and tries to find out who she was. In his quest he pays a visit on the stepmother and somehow agrees to send them to London for the season. They all end up going, to Lucy's bewilderment, and there he unexpectantly comes across her walking in the park. She insists that he is mistaken and disappears again. He then spends the rest of the season searching for her again and again but to no avail. At the end of the season at the last ball he finds her again, she has been given one chance at happiness and gets to go to the ball, and he knows that he loves her and must be with her. She disappears again and this time he finds her again in Ireland. This is a wonderfully touching story and I liked the fact that Lucy was a very strong woman who even though she was in the worst of surroundings took things in stride and kept her pride. I also enjoyed the secondary character of Hugo, Rafe's younger brother. He gets his own book which I plan to read very soon. I really like Katherine Kinglsey's books because they are true romances.     