 Amanda Ashley has created a wonderfully memoriable book. I have enjoyed all of her Vampire books because the Vampire is not an evil being who kills for pleasure as well as need. Her vampire heros are all tortured souls that have consciences. Gabriel is that vampire. The year is 1881 and he has lived for hundreds of years alone and when he finds a beautiful, innocent, Sara. He tries to pretend for a while that he is again human. Sara is a very young child when he finds her. She can't walk and is all alone in the world. He finds her a home in an orphanage but can't walk away from her. He has watcherd her until she is a young woman. Sara is very depressed and its only his intervention which saves her life again. He soon finds himself meeting her every night and falling so in love with her that he is in physical pain. Sara has no idea of what he really is. She only knows that he is hers and hers alone and that she loves him and that because of him she can now walk and dance. Gabriel knows that he cannot let her find out the truth so he sends her away from him. Years later he enters her life again. He can't help it. He is like a moth drawn to a flame. Sara is a changed woman. She has grown and is not afraid of what he is. They have many obsticals to overcome to be together but it makes their love all that much stronger. The story then shifts to 1995. Gabriel is alone again. His precious Sara has been dead for 50 years. She never became what he is. They shared a wonderful life and now that she is gone he is lost again until he meets another soul who is greiving a loss as well. Her name is Sarah. Sarah has just lost her family and is all alone in the world. She is drawn to the dark stranger who offers her confort and love. Gabriel wonders if love can again enter his life and make him whole. H knows that he cannot be without her ever again and will risk the unknown to be with her. This book touched me so much it had me crying. If you like romances where two tortured souls find each other and you know their love will last forever, read this book.     