 This is the third book in the Dark series, the first two Dark Prince and Dark Desire were wonderful. The heros are Carpathian. They must drink blood to survive but they don't kill their prey like true vampires do. They can transform into anything and have telepathic abilities. They also have a big problem, their race is dying out. There are very few women and when they have children most don't live past a year and most are born male. They have recently discovered that a few human women can becaome thier lifemates. These women are telepathic and can survive the conversion without going insane. Our heroine in this book is such a woman. Alexandria is a struggling graphic artist in San Fransisco. She is trying to raise her younger brother alone after their parents died. She ends up being kidnapped by a vampire( a Carpathian who has turned to the evil) and he has exchanged blood with her. She is rescued by Aidan who after almost killing her(thinking she was a vampire herself) must give her blood to kill the poisen the vampire gave her. She goes through the conversion but not willingly. She hates what she is becoming and hates Aidan for turning her this way. He has realized that she is his true lifemate and struggles to protect her in this modern world. She is stubborn and insists that she be able to have her freedom. She soon discovers that she is very strongly linked to Aidan and like to tease him and longs to hear his laughter. She is unaware that he hasn't had any emotions for over 800 years until she cam into his life. Together they struggle to find even ground. He has been hunting several vampires that have been preying on San Fransisco and when one takes her brother he uses all his strength to save him. Alexandria sends him her strength telepathicly and together they kill the evil. This has been the funniest of the books so far and I enjoyed it a bit more because of it. I can't wait to read Gregori's story next. If you want great books get the Dark series, it won't dissapoint.     