 Well I must say the only thing I didn't like about this book was the lack of cover model. I mean Karen has a drop dead gorgeous hero and there is not picture to bring him to life. Oh well I did pretty good with her discriptions and my imagination. Ah those men in kilts! :-) This is another time travel book which I love. Gwen the heroine is a 25 yr old vigin that intends to find her"Cherry Picker" on a trip to Scotland. The only problem is that all her traveling companions are over sixty. She has accidently been placed on a senior citizen tour. Well on top of this she's trying to quit smoking! Anyway she decides to go off on her own for a hike near Loch Ness. She happens to fall down into a cave and onto the hunkiest man she's ever seen. He is laying there like he's dead and when she leans back to let the light shine on him while she is feeling his chest he awakens. Drustan, the hero, imediately gets aroused by her presence on his body and doesn't realize what has happened to him. He has slept for the last 500 years in that cave. He is a Druid lord who has special abilities and knowledge that must be protected. He must find his home. Well the trip there is wild. First Gwen must get him some new clothes. The scene with the jeans is not just sexually steamy but down right funny. I know I'll never look at men in jeans the same way again. Well they soon find his home is now just ruins and he knows that he must go back in time to save his family. They end up making love and binding themselves to each other before the spell. She is torn from Drustan and fears that he never made it. She end up back in his time and has to convince the Drustan of the past that she is there to help save his family. It takes quite a bit of convincing but when she finally does they realize that they love each other. But they have now changed the past and the future may not turn out like they planned. The secondary characters in this are wonderful. I loved nell and Silvan and can't wait for Drustan's brother's story. You will enjoy this book and I would recommend it and any of her other books as well.     