 This is the third book I've read from this author and it won't be the last. I really look forward to reading her books. The are all so filled with humor and passion and friendship and love that they make me feel happy when I've finished one. This one takes place in Boston and in North Carolina. We first meet the hero, Saxon Blackwell being lectured by his evil grandmother. She is a very nasty woman who enjoys hurting people and is more interested in keeping up appearences of good taste than her own family's happiness. She sends Saxon to NC to find out about the turpentine trade and the money to be made there. She is holding the fate of Saxon's younger sister Desdemona over his head. Desdemona is mentally ill and the Grandmother has threatened to put her in an asylum for the insane which he knows would kill her. She has also decreed that he must marry soon and he goes along with her wishes just to get her off his back and to save Desdemona. When he arrives in NC he meets up with an old friend who sends him off to rest a bit in the Appalachian mountains. He soon finds himself is the prettiest spot he's ever seen. When he's attacted by a bear he is rescued by the heroine of the story, Chickadee McBride. She is a local and is the most beautiful woman he's ever seen. Her ways are strange to him as his are to hers but they become close friends duringhis stay. She speaks so plainly about things that he finds himself laughing more than he ever has. He soon realizes that he is attracted to more than just her spirit. He wants her and she him so passions flare. He decides that she must marry him but she declines because they don't love each other. They go round and round on the subject untilhe finally convinces her to do it. They marry and he takes her back to Boston, where she doesn't fit in at all. She stands out like a sore thumb and the grandmother makes sure her life there is a living hell. She tries everything she can think of to get rid of her but Chickadee has more spunk that she's even encountered before. Chickadee soon finds friends and allies in unexpected places and also realizes that she loves Saxon and proceeds to show him all the love she can. This tale is such an enjoyable one that you almost think the characters are real. Rebecca Paisley has a wonderful way with speech patterns that you can actually hear Chickadee speak. I wish this author would write more books. I plan to get all that I can.     