 Well I normally don't like short story collections because they are short stories. Ususally the characters don't have time to really develope and grow but I was pleasantly surprised by this book. I bought it with the intent to oly read Christine Feehan's story "Dark Dream" but soon was pleased to find the other two stories enjoyable to read also. The first is by Amanda Ashley aka Madeline Baker. Its a vampire story & much like the other vampire stories she's written, the hero is the vampire who was turned hundreds of years ago but would give it all up to be human again. The heroine is a modern day actress who is a cast member in his favorite musical, "the Phantom of the Opera." He feels such attraction for her that he can't stay away from her but he also knows that he can never have a life with her because of what he is. This story is full of longing and heartwrenching scenes. I really enjoyed the story and was happy I had taken the time to read it. The second story is "Dark Dream" by Christine Feehan. Its another in her Dark series. I have loved all of her stories and this one was no different. The hero, Falcon is a very ancient Carpathian who comes across a very strong and unusal human female. She has been out running and out smarting a evil vampire for years. She is drawn to Falcon because she has been his lifemate for centuries. Even before she was born he knew her. Together they must defeat the evil and save some very special children. We get to meet up with several characters from the early Dark books. It was nice to meet Mikail,Raven, Jacques & Shea again. These characters are so vividly written and thier stories so compelling that it makes you crave more and more stories.  The third story is from an author I'd never read before, Ronda Thompson. Her story "Midnight Serenade" is a werewolf story. It starts off with the heroine, Stephanie who's a wildlife researcher there to study wolves, scarring off some hunters after a male wolf. They have shot him and she is on his trail to help the injured wolf. She follows the trail of blood into a cabin where she meets Dr. Rick Donovan DVM. Rick is the wolf but he can't let her know that. He doesn't ever remember anything when he turns so he has no clue that he bit her as a wolf. Now he is terrified that she will turn just as he has. Together they struggle for the life and freedom of the wolf. They must also battle thier own feelings of passion and fear. Its a very well developed story for a short story and I think this author will have to be put on my to buy list for the future. All in all I really enjoyed this book. It was an easy read and I finished it all in one setting.     