 If you love to laugh you'll love this author's work. Everyone of her books have been filled with humor and passion and love. I hate to put them down to do anything else. I've often stayed up late reading them or missed meals just because they are better than food! In this tale Rebecca brings two mismatched characters together for a fun excitng romp. The heroine is Goldie Mae an American beauty and the hero is Saber West a very English Duke. Now Goldie has traveled to England with her uncle to hopefully have a real home. Her uncle is a diruptable drunk who has gotten them kicked out of countless towns in the states. Goldie's great aunt Della Mae has passed on and left them her cottage. Della Mae used to be the cook at Ravenhurst and Goldie's uncle tells the whole village that they were invited by the Duke himself to spend some time with him in London. Now this isn't true but Goldie has devised a plan to make it seem true so that they won't have to leave again. The Duke hasn't lived at Ravenhurst for years, and no one can remember what he looked like exactly so Goldie figures she will find a man who sorta looks "Dukish" and give him "Duke lessons" and pass him off to the village. The only flaw is finding the man. Meanwhile Saber West aka Lord Marion Westbrook Saberfield Tremayne, Duke of Ravenhurst, has lost a bet with his best friends. He now has to be their slave for two weeks at his other country home. He is very unwilling to say the least but suddenly becomes very interested in being a common man when he comes across a very naked Goldie bathing in his pond. He soon learns of her plan and goes along with it for fun but also for the fact that he is strongly attracted to Goldie and wants her badly. He is facinated by her and her simple ways. She says things that have him struggling not to laugh one minute and holding himself back from strangling her the next. She has turned his life upside down in a matter of days and he is quite willing to let her. Goldie has no idea who he is but finds herself drawn to him. He makes her feel beautiful for the first time and gives her hope for a real home in England. This story is a very sweet tale of how opposites attract and bring out the best in each other. I loved this book and will reread it many times. If you can get a copy do you won't regret it.     