 Dara, you've done it again. I love your work. I only wish you could write faster or I could read slower. I read your books as soon as I get them. I even stay up all night and then suffer the next day at work!  I was hoping that this book would be Traed's story or possibly another book about Rejar, but when i got into this book I wasn't too disapointed that it wasn't. I am hoping that this book will also have several sequels, hint, hint! This is a sci-fi romance that has a major twist to it. The planet is ruled by women! Yes I said women. I loved it. The women are the strong sex and the men the weaker sex. The women are the leaders, the soliders, the landowners, etc. The men are expected to stay virgins until the wedding and they are the ones who take care of the kids and deal with the household duties. I was a bit odd to see such a powerful hero, Jorlan, being submissive and acting like a virgin, but it made the book exciting and thrilling. Green, the heroine is a powerful leader who decides to claim Jorlan. Jorlan tries to resist this because he has dreams where men are equal to women, boy does that sound familiar? Hummmm. Anyway after he realizes what passion he feels for Green and that she only wants his best interest at heart he becomes more comfortable with his life with Green.  During all this Green has a enemy who is trying to take Jorlan away from her and will do anything in her power to hurt Green and her people. Claudine tries to break them apart or at least break Green. Green and Jorlan must learn to trust each other and depend upon each other in order to defeat their common enemy. The love scenes in this book are so beautifully written that they do not overpower the story at all but add to it. There is a lot of Dara's trademark sense of humor and she has developed a truly unique new language. I especially liked the word" rut-bid" Now I can say what it means and no one will be the wiser.  The secondary characters bring the story together and make it gel. I believe there are many new stories that Dara can get out of them. Get this book and every other Dara Joy book you can find. You won't be disappointed.     