 I have throughly loved everyone of the Bar Cynster books. I have read them as fast as I have gotten them. The heros are all strong, exciting, handsome, strong men who also are sweet, caring, vulnerable and utterly devoted to family. The heroines are sassy, strong, stubborn, brave, loving, caring, smart woman who are the hero's equals.  These discriptions are perfect for the hero and heroine of Scandal's Bride. Richard, aka Scandal, has been summoned to the north by his mother's family. Richard's mother has been dead for many many years and now her husband has died and Richard is in his will. Richard, ever curious, arrives to find that there is someone else who is in the will. Catriona, the Lady of the Vale. Catriona was the ward of the late Seamus. She has also come to find out what Seamus had in mind for her. Its nothing that either thought it would be. Seamus' will has stated that Richard must marry Catriona and if he doesn't Seamus' children will be disinherited and will loose their home. Now Richard has tried for years to avoid marriage especially since his older brother and cousin have taken the plunge. But Catriona is so unlike any other woman he has ever met. She is independant. She has a purpose in life and believes that no man can help her with that purpose. He is facinated by her and wants her in ways that he has never imagined. Catriona is also facinated by Richard. He is a strong willed man who she believes will interfer with her duties to the vale but she can't deny her attraction to him or her growing feelings of love. They marry and return to the Vale. Catriona tries to go about her business but soon finds that Richard can be a great help to her and her people. They soon both find that they love each other and that together they can prosper. We get to meet Devil and Honoria again as well as Vane Patience and see where thier lives are going. I found this book to be very erotic in its love scenes but it also touched my heart they way that two very strong independant people can unite to be even stronger.  In short I loved this book!     