 Well I loved Karen's first book Beyond the Highland Mist so much I had to buy all her books. I was so glad I did because I really loved this book. This is Grimm's story. In the first book. Grimm's best friend Hawk marries a woman named Adrienne who makes a wish for Grimm but won't tell either of them what it is. Well the wish is for Grimm to find a woman who would heal his heart as Hawk had healed hers. Well Grimm did. He has a secret though, one that he is terribly afraid to reveal. He is a Berserker. He flees his home at a very young age after seeing his father holding his dead mother and dripping in her blood and holding a knife. Then his home and villiage is attacked and he becomes the enraged beast like Berserker. He flees vowing never to return. Well He spends a few years on his own until he is discovered by a beautiful little girl and her family takes him in. They train him and provide for him and the little girl falls in love with him and follows him everywhere. But when his foster family is attacked he turns Berserker again and now flees them so that they will never know his dark secret. He loves the girl but believes that if she knew the truth she would turn from him in horror. Plus he is desperately afraid that he might turn Berserker and accidently kill her. When years later he gets a letter from the girls father asking him to return to take care of her, he does imediately even though he knows it will be hard to face her. Jillian has now grown into a beautiful woman but hasn't found a husband yet. Her father devises a plan to get Grimm there and invites two other suitors to make Jillian choose and make Grimm jealous. It works. They are still in love but Grimm won't admit it. Someone is trying to kill him and he flees again fearing that Jillian will be hurt if he stays. Quinn, one of the other suitors grew up with both Jillian and Grimm and knows they love each other but for Jillian's sake agrees to marry her. Grimm flys into the wedding at the last possible moment and takes Jillian with him. Finally admitting that he loves her.  This story is funny and touching and very sensual. The love scenes are truely hot. get this book and any others by Karen Marie Moning.     