 i've read all of the reviews here and the consistent messages are that a)the card works well, b)if you have the right kind of PC, c)there's no good way to tell if you have the right PC and d)Pinnacle as a company isn't going to help you if you have problems Boiled down, the product description and information on the box are severly misleading, resulting in a *lot* of (rightfully) angry customers My personal experience - i'm a computer pro with a firewire/ilink Digital8 camera (sony dcr-trv320) and an average computer (P2-400, 160MB memory, 2 Western Digital 40GB hard drives, Windows98, all latest drivers). i capture via firewire to a dedicated, defragmented hard drive with all background processes shut down, at least 50MB physical (non-virtual) RAM free. The capture claims to drop about 25% of the frames for a 15s capture (ditto for longer captures). Playback looks like it stutters between 10fps and 2 seconds per frame (*lots* of hiccups). Audio is botched as well as being unsynchronized. Resulting AVIs are unwatchable Question: what do i change to fix this? Pinnacle won't tell you, and the software and its online help are useless. Should i upgrade the CPU, memory or HD? To what? There's no way for the average person to know. The software is also confusing. i can't figure out how to turn off Capture Audio. When you pick a project, you have to specify things like MPEG/AVI, PAL/NTSC and 320x240/640x480, but those options appear to have no effect on the capture. The capture-as-MPEG option always fails. Clicking on Add Voiceover/Music always crashes my PC. Don't expect progress bars, even though simply pressing a button can lock up the application for 120 seconds or more This is *not* a good product for beginners. i'm no film expert, but i know PCs and i'm frustrated. No way i'd want someone else in my family to attempt this. i spent a month trying to get it to work. It spent the next year untouched Assuming the card actually works the way some people here say it does, this product *majorly* needs better support - better help files, system check/compatibility tools, an upgrade guide, better/more honest info on the box, dummies' guide to PC movies, etc.     