 As an Indian, i find some of the other reviews here a bit perplexing, so let me see if i can explain why. i do *not* think this is a movie about logging, the environment or silly New Age slogans such as "raping Mother Earth". Yeah, there's a forest, a white logger and an Indian, but i don't think that's the point of the movie. It most certainly is *not* an environmental statement - there's no kind, gentle, Hollywood, New Age "love Mother Earth" stuff here. It's a much more serious, psychological and sociological profile completely lacking in good guys, kind of like an Indian version of "Falling Down" or maybe "Resevoir Dogs" The Plot: Arthur, who doesn't want *his* forest cut down (i don't think there's any global environmental statement), but, unlike in other movies, he doesn't decide to show the mysteries of the forest to the logging company, call upon the "good" Whites for help, ask the courts to decide, stage a protest, write a newspaper article or talk to young, environmentally-concious kids who "get it". Instead, he kidnaps the president of the logging company and tortures him. It's nasty too (this movie is not for the squeamish). That's pretty much the movie This ain't Disney. There is no clear good guy, no obvious message, no feel good ending. It's not a movie that's easy to understand, explain or summarize. If you're White, you might feel sickened, insulted, confused or scared (in my interpretation, it's not Indian vs. logging company, it's Indian vs. Whites in general, or at the very least Whites who don't get it, which includes those who think they do). If you're Indian, well, it's a violent movie but it is a little hard not to sympathize with Arthur.  If i had to say what the core themes of the movie were (and i'm completely guessing here), i'd say that they are: 1. How frustrated some (many?) Indians are with how Whites act (as in "let's kidnap and torture them", not "let's protest and talk of peace and love") and  2. How talking doesn't really work (to say "you're raping mother earth" are just words and tremendously fail to express the true depth of feelings of point #1) So why i'd give it a 5? i guess it's (a little) like Schindler's List, Three Kings, Being John Malkovich and those other movies that are heavy message, character studies more than they are plot-driven or feel good movies. It's a movie that causes a lot of people to stop and think. It's good for starting conversations, pondering, introspection or getting a reality check. It's a powerful movie. But i honestly don't know how to explain it     