 Once upon a time their was an author named Michael Moorcock, and he wrote short fantasy novels, and they were good. Then he got famous, stopped writing novels and became a philosopher, thinking many deep thoughts such as "war is dumb because people should be nice to each other because was is stupid"  In 2001, he decided to write a new novel. As with his previous novels, the main character is an albino with a soul stealing sword. Unlike his previous novels, it is really long (460 pages), no good people get hurt (despite three major battles), there's little action, tons of dialog (all of it variations on "why can't we all get along"), Elric cries alot and everyone lives happily ever after, right down to a beautiful wedding and five happy children.  The plot is simple. Chaos and Law fight across the multiverse but that war will soon end because the entire multiverse is going to be destroyed. Everything hinges on a single day in 1940 when Hitler's luftwaffe bomb England. In order to save all existence, Elric teleports to Germany, summons some dragons and leads them into battle against the Luftwaffe. In the meantime, Hitler, with the help of one of Satan's devils, uses the Holy Grail to summon Arioch  i learned many things in this book. First, all Germans are sweet, peace-loving people who wouldn't hurt a fly. Only Hitler was bad. Second, Hitler was a tiny, scared, incompetent little child who couldn't conqueor a playground much less Europe. Every win he had was due to pure luck. Third, Hess asked Elric if he could join his side. Fourth, many British people thought Elric was actually king Aurthur. Fifth, Stormbringer, the sword with a will of its own, is a noble sword that refuses to hurt innocent people. Sixth, Arioch likes to write poems about farting.   Although the book is long and covers three major battles, there is very little action. That's because roughly 400 of the 460 pages are dedicated to the main character saying over and over "Hitler is bad, WW2 wasn't Germany's fault, Britian sure is a great country, let's all be nice". He doesn't describe how Hitler is bad, he simply asserts it over and over. Some action happens, but it is over in a few pages, followed by dozens of pages of "don't people understand that war never solves anything?". The book is extremely light on descriptions and very heavy on monologues. For example, a demon who once served Satan but left when "Satan proved insufficiently committed to the cause of evil" (pg 386) is about to sacrifice Elric's daughter when Elric bursts in, Stormbringer covered in Nazi blood. So the demon, being only human (apparently demons are human), shoots Elric with a .38 caliber pistol. Elric then pretty much dies but snaps out of it thanks to the Holy Grail. That whole sequence is described in probably 5 paragraphs. The rest is spent thinking about how war is bad.   Once upon a time, Moorcock wrote interesting books. Now it appears he has contracted syphillis and gone insane.     