 Once upon a time, an ex-CIA martial arts master quit the CIA and wrote a movie with a new plot but a character that seemed a lot like the  writer Steven Seagal is best known for his action movies, in particular  the parts where he does his hand to hand thing. In his case, he's an aikido  expert, and that's hard to explain. Most martial arts movies talk about  Kung Fu and Tae Kwan Do where people punch and kick and you can generally  tell what's going on. Aikido, on the other hand, is about redirecting an  opponent, making him basically want to fall down. In the movie, it looks a  lot like a bad guy rushes as Seagal, he touches them with his little finger  and then they decide to throw themselves in the air in ways you thought  were impossible. The moves take, oh, about two seconds to perform, with  Seagal's part being only about 2 microseconds. If you want to watch Seagal  in classic aikido action, be prepared to pause, slow motion and rewind.  It's amazing looking and absolutley bizzare (since being marveled by the  movie, i have gone out and studied aikido, and it seems even more  impressive, although realistic, now) The movie's about an ex-CIA officer  turned Chicago cop (and, in my opinion, an extremely unlikeable one; that  macho Italian family man thing to me just looks like a dull-witted bully  control freak). He runs into some old CIA friends from 'nam who are doing  naughty things This movie has a plot, and a darn good one at that. It's a  very, very interesting movie, much unlike, say, all the big budget movies  he did after this one. While his later movies are bad jokes, new age  mantras and B-movies, this one is really, really good. There are only a  realistic number of fight scenes (gosh, i wish there were more, but that  would have changed it from a drama to an action film, which this really  isn't), but they are wonderful Bottom line, this movie is awesome. i  don't know if Seagal wrote and directed the later films he did (he was  close to a one man production company on this one), but i wish he'd turn  down those big budget formula films he's been doing and go back to doing  the realistic, semi-autobiographical films like this one. He's mostly  considered a joke now, but when this movie came out, when he was Seagal the  writer and not Seagal the action hero, he was revered, and for good reason     