 A friend dragged me to a sci-fi convention where the guests of honor were the guys who wrote this movie. i have never liked Star Trek, especially the William Shatner stuff, but i watched this movie anyway. The two biggest things i learned: First, this movie is not a sci-fi movie and has nothing to do with Star Trek. They really should have changed the title. Second, this movie is absolutely awesome. i love this movie! What's the movie about? It's semi-autobiographical in that the two stars are based on the writers, their friends are based on the writers' friends and the anecdotes are all true stories. The characters happen to be sci-fi fans, but that's not terribly important to the story. If you're into movies (sci-fi, horror, oldies, foreign flicks, etc.), you'll enjoy the references. If you hate sci-fi and old movies, you'll still love this movie because the sci-fi part is just background noise and easily ignored The stars are two guys living in LA who work in the movie industry. They date a lot, have sex a lot, get dumped a lot and spend the whole movie wishing they could meet Ms. Right (yes, this is a relationship movie). They've idolized William Shatner since they were kids and one day actually meet him, only to learn that a)he's insane and b)he's also having relationship problems The plot of the movie? It's all about relationships. They look at the relationships of almost every character in the movie, but the big ones are the relationship between the two best friends and between one of the friends and a girl he's met and lost If i had to compare it to anything, i'd say it's a lot like Kevin Smith's Chasing Amy, only with a really happy ending rather than Amy's depressing one. It's also a little like 20 Dates, another movie about a guy trying to figure out why his relationships never work i think this movie would have been a minor hit if it had been promoted more when it came out (i had never heard of it) and if they had dropped the silly name. Free Enterprise? i thought it was some kind of Trekkie movie, rather than the dialog-heavy, relationship-oriented, borderline-chick flick that it is     