 I paired this up with two Cintre USB hard disk enclosures <ASIN:B000ANT9OA>.  The Cintre enclosures plus internal hard disks run about the same cost as an off the shelf external USB drive, however I can upgrade in the future for substially less cost by buying just an internal drive.  I use the NSLU2 for data backup and shared data access of smaller single files on my home network. Consequently despite it's marginally slow access time it's ideal for my purposes.  For small file access the NSLU2 is plenty fast.  For working with large quantities of MP3s or photos at one time I wouldn't bother.  Or at least be prepared to wait.  Definitely not suitable as a large enterprise solution but great for small home networks.  I think this is true of most low cost networked solutions so not a huge detriment in my book.  The device was pretty trivial to setup and get running.  I had some confusion with setting up the shares and getting the basic security working the way I wanted, but it wasn't a big deal.  I'm dropping one star from 5 for the hassle.  If you don't have special security needs or anything setup is a breeze.  Just follow the bouncing ball per the Linksys configuration disk.  If you're a computer freak like I am the NSLU2 firmware is released under GPL from Linksys' website.  There are also several open source projects around the NSLU2 if you're not happy with the Linksys firmware.  Including some nice UPnP software from Twonky if you're looking at a home UPnP multi-media solution.  The bundled UPnP support is acceptable however.  I replaced a full blown PC file server with the NSLU2.  I love the extremely tiny size and greatly reduced power requirements.  I can run this thing on a UPS far longer than my old PC server.  Though automated shutdown in the event of low UPS battery power isn't included.  This would be a nice add on feature if you have a UPS that sends network events.  Arguably useless if your server shuts down and quits writing to the disk though.  I shared a photo of this product with an AA battery in the shot so you can get an idea of scale.  All in a perfect device for my needs.     