 There are probably enough comments on here with 613 reviews at the time of writing that you already know this is a serious tale about the final evolution of man.  Though I will say you have to watch the movie a few times to catch the entire story and piece it all together. This movie is, after all, a digest of an extremely long manga run.  All in all they catch all the key points and bring it together pretty well.  (4 stars for the story and script).   The animation (especially for it's time) is superb.  Many modern anime series don't even hope to touch the visual quality and detail of Akira.  It's on par with Ghost in the Shell, or the recent re-release of Appleseed, with a little fudge factor for technology differences.  (5 stars).   Any anime nut worth his salt watches in the original Japanese.  Unfortunately my wife is not such a nut so I have to watch in English.  I don't recall who got the rights to make the original American/English release back in the late 80's.  Specifically the laser disk release.  Whoever it was called in a cast of serious voice actors and translators that did an astounding job in not only pure voice quality but also translating the story.  They didn't just do a literal translation.  They actually spent some time thinking about the story line and translated in order to provide an intelligent, adult, and coherent script.  As a result the English audio track on the early release was incredible!    Sadly with Pioneer taking the helm, the English audio track on this DVD edition is horrible!  The voice actors are very weak - to the point of being annoying, and much of the dialog is literally translated and comes across as childish.  It's like a bunch of 8th graders were turned loose on the script.   If you like to watch in Japanese the audio gets 5 stars.  If you like to watch in English I give it 1 star.   All in all you're no kind of anime fan if you don't at least see Akira, and most of you Japanese lovin' folks out there will love to own the DVD edtion.  Heck even the English isn't bad if you can tune it out.  I'm just spoiled by the old laser disc release.     