 Given the history of sequels, few ever top the original movie. I'll be the first to tell you that in terms of quality and medium the original movie is somewhat cheesy.  What makes it good is the story and plot.  Given how infrequent a sequel occurs for anime movies I admit I entered this one thinking it was going to be OK, but not near as good as the first one.  Sure I saw the trailers for it and it looked good, but how often have I been fooled on that one. From the start the animation and audio are the first things to catch your attention.  Unlike it's prequel VHDBL does not disappoint in the media department.  Granted, for it's time VHD was a fine piece of work however VHDBL makes it's predecessor look like kindergarten scribble.  Stunning computer and traditional animation mix seamlessly into an incredibly detailed and enfolding experience.  The animators/director did an incredible job mixing interesting visual effects with camera angles and sweeps.  The art style is reminiscent of Ghost in the Shell.  Plenty of eye candy for all! Many people dislike anime due to the poor audio and dubbing quality.  Often the language translators lose the dialog by translating too literally, and everything comes out cheesy.  No fear.  The studio sprung for real voice actors (is that the voice of "Friar Tuck" a la Kevin Costner's Robin Hood I hear coming from Lefthand??) and the dialog is more gripping than the original 'D'.  5.1 surround is used to full extent providing a fantastic audio experience! The plot is canned.  'D' is hired to slay a vampire who has kidnapped some guys daughter.  On the basic premise it's a simple enough plot, that sounds pretty boring.  What makes the story work and keep you riveted is the number of interconnected, and even disconnected subplots that provide mystery, intrigue, and even romance.  The character interaction is virtually unmateched compared with most of the other 100+ anime titles I've seen.  Of course there is a twist or two on the basic plot that I won't give away.  Need I add there is also plenty of action! If you enjoyed the original VHD I guarantee you will not be disappointed with this title.  If you have no clue who Vampire Hunter 'D' is, this is a great place to start!     