 I finally decided to get a coffee maker to replace the old one that I have had for many years. The first thing about this coffee maker is that the product design was the first to catch my attention.   Aside from the design and overall look of the coffee maker, the Presto Scandinavian Design Coffee Maker is an excellent appliance for home use. In the time that I have owned it, the coffee maker works flawlessly. There are some issues that I found with this particular coffee maker but it is in regards to the features and design of the appliance and in no way related to the performance of the appliance.  First thing, this coffee maker makes coffee very fast and very, very hot. The combination of a top heating element and a keep-warm warming plate allows the coffee to be served at its highest, optimum temperature. The top heating element in the water reservoir heats the water prior to reaching the beans and the keep-warm warming plate adjusts the heat being transferred to the carafe for best serving temperature. This particular coffee maker also has a pause-and-serve feature built into the filter where you can remove the carafe to quickly get a cup without any messy drips but the filter will only hold about one minute's worth of coffee. The clock and timer is easy to use and set and is similar to most coffee makers. There is a button for both the hour and the minutes which makes for easy set-up. However, this might also be a flaw since you might accidentally push either button at any time and it will change the time. This might not be such a big issue but it could affect your brewing time if you have the machine set to brew at a certain time.  The coffee maker has some nice features that help in the process of brewing coffee. The product design is a nice small but vertical piece. I had intended on putting this under my countertop but the tall height of the appliance added with the top swinging reservoir door makes that impossible. So it sits on my other countertop standing very tall. The filter basket has a nice swinging handle for removing old grounds and paper filters. It would have been nice to see a permanent filter included with this appliance but paper filters are relatively inexpensive and there are permanent filters out there that you can buy. The carafe is easy to clean but it has a narrow tapered design is unlike most carafes with their wide mouths so cleaning is not as easy. The water reservoir also has a nice addition of a small red ball that rises with the water level indicator in the coffee maker so it easier to gauge the level of water being added in.  Overall, the Presto Scandinavian Design Coffee Maker is an excellent product. There were some things that I found minor issues with in the coffe maker but that is directed toward the features and not its performance to make coffee. The attractive design mixed in with its ability to make hot coffee very quickly and heated at the most ideal level makes it well worth the competitive selling price.     