 i've owned a few cd players over the years. one broke down after three years of use and the other was stolen. so on my trip to taiwan i picked up this sony cd walkman (model d-e999) which is similar to the one here in the u.s. (d-ej925) with the exception of headphones to the earphones in asia. this particular model is the smallest cd walkman i have ever seen. someday they might make one smaller, but for now, this is the smallest on the market. the price is a bit of a disadvantage for this cd player .... the features on this model are beneficial and provide convenience all bundled into such a small package but i'm not sure if it warrants such a high price. but it's made by sony and all their products have never given many problems or second thoughts. the remote is a nice feature when you like to carry your cd player in a bookbag, large pocket or backpack. the remote clips to a strap or article of clothing. for some, this remote may take some getting use to since it needs to be clipped somewhere or else it will dangle. the remote does weight a noticeable amount so you will feel it when it hangs. if you prefer a different headset, all earphones are plugged in on a jack located on the remote. all the features on the player are accessible on the remote. the remote has a luminated backlight that lights up for a few seconds when running on batteries and stays on permanently when plugged into an ac adapter.  the player runs on two slim rechargeable batteries that can be recharged while still in the player through the ac adapter. normal batteries will allow the player to run longer but do not fit in the player. to fix this, a tube-like add-on is included so you can use 2AA batteries if you chose. the sound quality is good but i've noticed that it may sometimes act funny with a small percentage of my cds that i made myself. sometimes, the player will not proceed to the next song or the next song will have an unusally large level of bass. fast forwarding to the next song or pausing and then playing again will remedy either of these problems. when i'm walking, the player never skips due to the skip protection but the player looks very delicate in appearance. i haven't dropped it but i don't think it would survive that many drops. all in all, this player is one of the best that sony has to offer here in the american market. i recommend it to those who are not shocked by the large price tag. you must take care of it to prevent dropping it but if you do, it will last for quite a long time. i use my cd player every day for many hours and it still works great.     