 This has been a very interesting read for me. I attempted to read the book without thinking about things that I have heard about the authors.  Sharon and David are much discussed in yoga circles - they are considered fairly radical - and I have heard many good and bad things about them.  I also tried not to let the views of the authors that I don't entirely agree with influence my view of the book.  In the end, I was quite please with this book. First of all, I think the overview of yoga philosophy, is good. This is the main focus of this book. As an introductory book on the philosophy aspect of yoga, it does not go into great depth. The authors believe that this aspect has not been being spread as much as the physical practice of yoga.  However, be forewarned, the authors practice veganism as a part of their ahimsa (non-harming) practice and they are strong advocates for animal rights. This stance is presented throughout the book.  While I don't entirely agree with them on this, if you read the entire book, they do explain where they are coming from on this issue. As far as hatha yoga / asana practice / the physical postures of yoga, there is some of that in this book.  The authors assume you have studied asana previously.  They point out there are many books and teachers availible regarding hatha yoga, and they don't feel compelled to repeat this.  What they do is dedecate a few chapters to demonstrate their style of vinyasa krama (linking the postures together with breath in a dance/tai chi like flow series).  They give 5 sample 'lessons', three for beginners and two for intermediate/advanced.  They also give numerous flow sequences you can put together yourself in various ways or incorporate as a segment into your own practice.  As others have stated the pictures of the authors doing these sequences are not extremely clear, but I think this is because they are already assuming you know how to do the poses.  They do state you should have studied yoga before attempting to do these sequences.  I have incorporated some of these lessons into my home practice and have found their sequencing extremely enjoyable. Basic meditation and pranayama (breathing) techniques are also given.  They do suggest exhale retention, a practice many do not advise until experience in pranayama is gained; however, they don't go into discussion about the various theories behind this. There is much discussion of spiritualism throughout the book and devotion to the divine in whatever form you see it.  in the authors' opinion, this is the goal of yoga/life.  There are also discussions of the arts in worship.  Building a spiritual community is another major focus in the book. There is a considerable bit of name dropping in this book.  This may be American name dropping but I want to offer another explanation.  In many yoga traditions you are supposed to recognize anyone and everyone who has contributed to your growth.  It is a sign of humility:  I would not be here without all these people (all things that have come before me have made me and I will be a part of all that comes after me), I have done none of this own my own. I have never met David and Sharon, but I have heard a lot about them second hand.  I don't know what of that is true or false.  All I can say that this book is a good, well-rounded presentation of yoga that does include the authors viewpoints and personality in its pages (whether this is good or bad depends on how you feel about this as a reader). I give this book four and a half stars.     