 Rebels and Devils is a collection of literary forms, from essay to comic, dealing with the psychology of liberation. Standing alone, it is overwhelmingly inspiring at times, always thought-provoking, and seldom dogmatic. The point of this book can be as simple as an interesting read, or as grand as an eye-opening experience. Rebellion is a personal voyage, so this book does not call for any type of political action - rather it calls for meditation and self-reflection. Knowledge of self is perhaps the most powerful weapon we can possess.  Along with "rebellion" our mind might pull on other words by association, like "anarchy." Anarchy has a bad reputation, and it is well deserved if the only demonstrations or conceptualizations we can deal with involve unenlightened individuals all battling for their own ends. But the ultimate freedom discussed in Rebels and Devils involves more responsibility on the part of the individual. When we have reached a certain point of self-understanding, we cannot help but understand others better as well. We can see how relativism can enter morality without all of life reverting to chaos. The starting point is responsibility - taking full responsibility for all of our actions, thoughts, desires, and everything else we like to claim we own without bearing the full burden. Why bother making decisions when it's so much easier to turn to a priest, politician, doctor, lawyer, etc...? We believe that these figures can give us answers. We can also come to believe that we can answer for ourselves.  The added bonus of such a collection is the guaranteed introduction of further reading. With so many selections coming together to form this volume, you are bound to find at least a few authors whom you will be compelled to investigate further. I was already familiar with some of the contributors, but among the new introductions were Osho, Phil Hine, and Nicholas Tharcher. I had heard of many of the others, but never read them in this light. I highly recommend this book to anyone who has not already convinced hirself that there is only one, concrete, unshakeable path through life, and even more so to those who have.     