 "It is easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission." "Delay is the strongest form of denial."  There is so much that we don't know about ourselves. The powers that be, political, economic or religious, would like to keep it that way. They don't want us to know that we can be totally responsible for ourselves, thereby making ourselves totally free of them. After all, there are governments, churches, courts, etc... because at some point in history we allowed these institutions to form so we wouldn't have to worry about certain things like making our own decisions. To find out what "good" is, we don't need to think for ourselves - we can just ask our local religious or political representative. No thought necessary.  It's time to change things around a bit. It has become crystal clear that living in a social collective has its disadvantages. Mediocrity is praised, while often, genius is attacked as evil by disassociation. If you're not part of the herd, you're not to be trusted.  Fighting with the established powers is futile. Revolution only succeeds in putting the revolutionaries into the very seat of corruptible power their enemies occupied previously. What is needed is not a change of leaders, but rather a change in mode of existence. The change must start from within each individual. Each individual is a single unit in the mass that forms the social collective, so to have a truly successful "revolution" the change must start from within the single units. Through meditation we can hope to change ourselves, which on a grand scale will change the world.  This self-change or self-revolution is what Osho means by "rebellion." Rebellions are not tied to any particular group of people, or system of belief. Rebellions are wholly the concern of the individual. There is no need for bloody, violent revolutions once we see that they only lead to the same twisted human relations that existed beforehand.  Rebellion has never been tried on a mass scale; considering that the death toll will equal zero, what do we have to lose?  For thought-provoking treatment of similar topics, in addition to this and other books by Osho, I strongly recommend reading Christopher Hyatt, Robert Anton Wilson, and many other authors who can be found [...](a very interesting publishing company).      