 I'm not denying Eminem has skills to a certain level, but really. Once you get passed the funny lines, what's left? He has very little substance as far as lyrics go. Pretty much a one-dimensional MC. On "The Marshall  Mathers LP," you'll find many stabs at groups such as Backstreet Boys,  N'Stynk, I mean N'Sync, ICP, etc, as well as Britney Spears and the rest of  the pop girl bands & boy bands. He gets his point across, and sure it's  funny....to a certain extent. To me, an album like this consisting of  comedy is good for two or three listens. You'll be laughing listening to it  the first few times, but by the fourth time through, you'll take it out and  before you know it there's dust gathering on the cover.   His one real  attempt to stray away from the funnyness is "Stan," a story about  a crazed fan who is suicidal cuz he can't be with his idol, Eminem. This  would be a very-well constructed story except for one thing--the first  verse doesn't rhyme at all. Still, it may be the best track on the album  simply because it's a breath of fresh air from all the crazy lyrics and  misguided flows. Speaking of misguided flows, his attempts at switching up  his flow on a few tracks are all-out wack. He sounds like nothing more than  a whiteboy tryin to sound hard.   "Kim" is just loud  noise--pointless. "B**ch Please 2" doesn't match up to the  original. "Real Slim Shady," well, at one time that might've been  a pretty good track, but after gettin drug through the mud by MTV, now it's  just 'blah.' And "Amityville" has to be one of the lousiest  tracks I've heard in a long time.  Hidden amongst the mediocre are a few  more standout tracks, namely "Kill You" and "Marshall  Mathers." But those fail to push this album above "average"  status.   I am not an Eminem hater (why would I have bought this album  if I was?). But, to truly be considered a great MC, you have to come with  more SUBSTANCE than just funny lines. Take an artist like Mos Def for  example. He produces, he writes meaningful, poignant lyrics, and he has the  creativity to do a great song about plain old water. That's the sign of a  truly great MC. Maybe on his next album, Eminem will try to push his limit  and step his substance-level up significantly. But as far as "The  Marshall Mathers LP" goes, he fails to capture and HOLD the attention  of the listener.     