 This is the third installment of Mo Thugs albums, but this album fails to even come close to the quality level the last two albums had. A major reason for that is the absence of Krayzie Bone from this project. It was  run completely by Layzie Bone, and it lacks the special touch Krayzie had  on every track off the last two albums. Another reason for the drop-off is  the amount of artists who have dropped out of Mo Thugs. Souljah Boy, Poetic  Hustlaz, II Tru, etc. were all essential contributers to the last two  albums, and they are nowhere to be found on this. Also, the absence of the  eerily harmonious Graveyard Shift really hurts this album.   All that  being said, it's not a BAD album. Just a little too focused on  thuggishness, which gets old after a couple tracks. Case in point: The  Desperidos, consisting of Layzie, Ken Dawg, TNT, Menenski, & Gold.  Aside from Layzie and Ken Dawg, the rest of them are just unlistenable on  this album. I think the comparison to Mystikal by the editor is unfair to  Mystikal, cuz he's far better than these nonsense-screamers.   But maybe  the worst track on here, even worse than a few of those Desperidos tracks,  is the awful "Seldom Seen." These guys have no place being on  anything having anything to do with Bone. This track is the ear-bleeder of  all ear-bleeders, and I could barely make it through one listen.   Those  low points being said, you'd think I'd be giving this album 1 star. But  there are a few very good tracks which really carry this album on their  shoulders. Emmortal Thugs really shine on their two tracks, "Last  Laugh" and "U Don't Want None." With a little polishing  lyrically, these guys have a lot of potential. Ken Dawg, as usual, comes  tight on every track he's on, including his solo "It Don't Stop."  Felecia also shines on this album on "This Ain't Livin" and the  radio-friendly "2 The Playaz" with Skant. Other tight tracks  include the first single "Did He Really Wanna," and Layzie's solo  cut "Everything Green."   But the standout track on this album  is easily Flesh Bone's "If I Can Go Back." The only problem I  have with that track is it's too short...otherwise it's a beautiful  dedication to Eazy-E and those who we've lost over the past 5 years.    Overall, this is a real hit & miss album. Half of it is tight, the  other half should've been left back in the studio. But if you like the Bone  / Mo Thug sound (especially the Thuggish sound) then you might enjoy this  album.     