 Madden 2001 can be described, basically, as a cleaner, fresher version of Madden 2000 for Playstation. There have been no real big changes as far as graphics: the game is still amazing considering it's only 32-bit. But there have been several small upgrades--from the variable equipment, armpads, etc. that the players actually wear, to the all-around slightly better look of the player movements and the fields.  As far as the intangibles, there have been many improvements over 2000. The addition of Madden Cards is a definite plus, as is the 2-minute drill. The Hot and Cold feature is very interesting, and adds a more realistic feel. Do you start a cold Marshall Faulk, or a hot Trung Canidate? A cold Drew Bledsoe, or a hot Michael Bishop?  The Franchise mode has seen improvement as well: the salary cap seems to be more realistic now when signing free agents, and the NFL Draft is now 7 rounds instead of just 4. But maybe the best new feature is the addition of the Preseason mode, which allows you to pick your opponents for 4 or 5 games, to sharpen the skills of your rookies and get a feel for your new acquisitions. Then once the preseason ends, young players who performed well will see added points to their attributes. Really helps to develop rookies, and just to try new plays which you aren't accustomed to using.   All that being said, this is still not the perfect football game. There are statistical errors you will encounter at various times, most notably the tracking of kick-off and punt returns during a season. You see, it only tracks 2 players' stats for kick-off returns, and just 1 for punt returns. Thus, if only 1 of your kick returners got the ball during the first week, and at the end of the game the opposing team attempts an onside kick recovered by one of your linemen, the return stats for that lineman will be tracked for the rest of the season. And your second return man is left statless. Same thing with punt returns. If your returner is performing badly and you choose to bench him, his replacement will see zero stat-tracking. Pretty frustrating if that player returns one 80 yards for a touchdown.  Another minus is the commentary, which tends to induce sleepiness. Summerall has no enthusiasm in his voice, and Madden repeats the same stuff when he does choose to say something (he can go a full game on here and only speak 3 or 4 times). You'd think he'd know he made his point when he says "Randy Moss is one of the best receivers in the league today." But then, two plays later when Moss makes another catch, you hear him repeat the same thing yet again.  Still, this is an all-around solid game, which succeeds in most areas. It is much better than Gameday 2001, so if you're looking for a football game for Playstation, this is the one you want.     