 What do you get when a washed-up basketball player makes one last effort towards stardom? A mediocre stint in the CBA. What do you get when an MC wannabe makes one last run towards the top? Albums like this--full of mediocrity. Master P had his time in the sun, and that time is now over. The spotlight has been taken by a new Down-South bling-blingin label. They'll enjoy their few years on top, and then the spotlight will be passed again. You see, stuff like this works in cycles. You'll have a certain gimmick: in this case, bouncy, club beats and braggadocio rhymes. That gimmick will be perfected by a group of MCs, who will rise to the top of the ladder, only to be overtaken by somebody else.  Now you see what has happened with No Limit. It started with the last TRU album, which came out around the same time Juvenile's "400 Degreez" was blowing up nationally. You could see the wheels turning at that time. Then No Limit fell completely off the map for almost a year, releasing very little while Cash Money dropped platinum selling albums seemingly every month. Then we come to the big anticipation moment--the 504 Boyz album. It was supposed to bring No Limit back on top. Master P, Mystikal, & Silkk were supposed to hit us with a gem proving they aint fell off one bit. The day comes, and judgement is passed. Wobble Wobble, a recycled track, blows up the scene for a hot minute, but then drops off playlists about as fast as you can say "UUUUUGGGGGHHHHHH.' People begin to realize: wasn't this album originally advertised as Master P & Mystikal? But yet, Mystikal is on a total of about 1 minute of the album. The Wobble Wobble video comes out--mysteriously missing Mystikal's presence. And then the news: Mystikal has left No Limit, yet another in a long line of top-notch artists to jump ship (Fiend, Big Ed, Mr. Serv-On, Snoop, among others). And then maybe the biggest joke of the album: this "thug" named Krazy who garnered much of the album's spotlight. There have been some bad Tupac rip-offs, but this man is the worst. Voice, flow, right down to phrases, he tries his hardest and succeeds in biting Pac to no end. A complete disgrace and laughing-stock of a rapper, who Master P apparantly thinks the public will grow to love as "Pac reborn".....  By now, you should get the point. This album is complete garbage. The one track on here that is worth any of your ear's time may be I Can Tell, a smooth R&B joint. But even that drips of No Limit cornyness.  In short, the album's last two tracks almost say it perfectly: "NO LIMIT--SAY BLAH."     