 Black America fell in love with this movie while White America slept on it.  Could the racial divide in this country be any wider? (LOL)  Sanaa Lathan and Omar Epps really did give Oscar nomination-worthy performances as two kids growing up in affluent, Middle Class African-American families that grow as basketball players, friends, lovers and eventually as a loving married couple.  This movie, in some senses, was very much like your "typical date" movie where guy meets guy, guy loses girl before guy & girl ultimately hook up in the end.  But what makes this movie soooo special is the way it pays attention to detail ... it's telling a story very basic and one all should be able to relate to.  However, you clearly know this movie was conceived and written by an African-American b/c the film's attention to detail is dripping with fond & appropriate late 1980s/early 1990s signifiers of African American culture, like:  --An old track of New Edition song "Candy Girl" blaring in the background as a young Monica (Lathan) & young Quincy (Epps) shoot hoops on a backyard blacktop.  --A young, tender-headed Monica wincing as her older sister Lena braids her hair.  --A teenage Quincy wearing that trademark Gumbi-style high top box fade hairstyle & Magic Johnson "short shorts" during his Crenshaw High School basketball game.  --Kool Moe Dee raps like "I Go to Work" and New Jack swing jams like "I Wanna Be Your Man" being played at a High School prom Monica & Q attend.  These kinds of things are subtle, but they tell a story inside the story and directly strike a chord with an audience that lived these times and thus can immediately identify with the characters.  The movie's storyline is very easy to relate to and the ending rivals any love story out there that doesn't end in death.  My mom said had Julia Roberts and any white leading male actor in Hollywood circa 2000 (Kevin Spacey maybe?) been cast in this movie with this well-written, well-developed and beautifully crafted script, it would've won several awards.  This is a movie in greatness I'd rival with "Coming to America" (1988), "The Five Heartbeats" (1991), "Boomerang" (1992) and "Soul Food" (1997) ... all great, easy-to-relate to films with great stories and great casts that sheds more light on the untold experiences of Americans.     