 Michael Jackson's "Thriller" is another must-have album for music lovers of all generations.  I personally feel like this album is one that stands the test of time though I understand how some might see it as somewhat dated.  However, that's why it's important to keep it in proper context to truly appreciate its greatness.  Seven top 10 singles from a nine-track album that was released in 1982 and still had the world jammin' to more hit singles three years later on radio! That kind of success just doesn't happen anymore.  Bobby Brown's 1988 solo album "Don't Be Cruel" and Usher's 2004 LP "Confessions" are about as close as any contemporary R&B/Pop act has come to Michael's Thriller success.  And though massively successful in terms of sales and radio spins, neither of these albums had hit singles getting major airplay beyond the first year to 18 months of their respective release dates.  Michael's album sold 45 million ... and, think, this was before the soundscan boom!  This was perhaps a one in a lifetime album (think Michael broke Elvis Presley and the Beatles' sales records so it should be decades upon decades before another artist from another time and place in music emerges to even begin to challenge Thriller's success).  A quick album breakdown:  *"Wanna Be Startin' Something" was a disco-themed, dance track  *"The Girl Is Mine" is a light, mellow ballad and duet he did with Paul MCartney -- massively popular!  *"Thriller" is the blockbuster ode to Halloween and creatures of the night that made for a monsterously popular hit single & perhaps the Greatest Video of All Time!  *"Beat It" was MJ's hit anthem song ... every great album's gotta have at least one.  *"Billie Jean" was another massively popular hit single and basically the ode to caniving, scheming women long before Kanye West's "Gold Digger" hit airwaves.  *"Pretty Young Thing (P.Y.T.)" is a second disco-flavored dance track that really helped cement this album's worldwide popularity.  Michael was an innovator because much like James Brown's influence on the Beatles, and before him, much how Little Richard's showmanship qualities were poorly copied by Pat Boone, MJ's style is still being copied by Justin Timberlake, Usher, Ginuwine, Omarion, Mario and a host of other knockoffs trying to mimmick greatness.  When you consider that MJ came before all this and is still inspiring new generations of new jacks, you've got to step aside and just appreciate greatness.  I wouldn't call "Thriller" the perfect album, but innovative, fresh and immensely influential through its artistry.  No music collection is complete without this album!  Highly recommended purchase.      