 I read this book at a bookstore in about 2 hours two months ago & it was an engaging page turner.  Like most, I was just a bit curious after getting just tidbits of her personal story during various media promotions.  Readers will interpret this book one of two ways ... A) Take all of her sordid tales for what they're worth with moments of awe, compassion and skepticism while ultimately gaining a broader appreciation for the "real world" out there OR B) Angrily criticize her every move and judgment as she discloses chilling, deeply personal acts that don't always paint her in any better light than the beaus she bedded.  I for one fell in category A.  I don't by any means approve of much of the lifestyle she lived as an adult, but it's really not for me to judge.  I will admit just reading through names of her patnaz and lots of unflattering intimate deatils of cats like Usher, Diddy, Ice T, Shaq, Brandy's brother (yes, Brandy's lil bro), Dr. Dre, Xzibit, DMX, Ja Rule, Merlin Santana and Kool G. Rap ... (the list goes on) makes for that "driving by an accident and trying not to look, but ultimately giving in" effect.  Juicy, juicy details are what I've been discussing with family and friends ever since.  But don't get it twisted and miss the big picture. This really is a cautionary tale more than trashy (bad) romance novel in scope.  Ms. Steffans was raped as a teen, physically abused by her mother and had an absent father for most of her young life. That background couldn't be different from my cushy, sweet as pie childhood by comparison AND BECAUSE of this I think it's important to try to relate to her experiences humbly without casting judgment over the decisions she made in adulthood.   A lack of rushing to judgment doesn't mean you co-sign as I see it.  If Wilt Chamberlain, Dennis Rodman and countless other high profile celebrities can write books like this -- and be praised -- I don't see how soooo many can react so angrily to Ms. Steffans, especially when she speaks the truth.  Again, a lot of the decisions she made in the book were appalling by my standards.    But this is a good read if for no other reason than getting people to understand society's own ills when it comes to how it breaks down, degrades and even destroys women (in effect creating the "Gold Diggers" Kanye raps about).  That's the truly shocking discovery to me.  She might've gained financially by name-dropping so many high profile stars who are living just as foul and don't deserve pity.  But, again, having read this book, I can honestly say Ms. Steffans' name-dropping just gives her story the kind of bite to make people see the true-life ills of our society as is.  Like most rappers, you can't hate on her for painting a picture of what's before her eyes.     