 Okay, so everyone knows/remembers Eddie Murphy went into the 1990s on a roll:  --Trading Places --Beverly Hills Cop --BHC II --Coming to America --Harlem Nights  All of those were blockbuster movies, hilarious, appealing to wide, mainstream audiences and well-deserving of all the praise and $$$ he made off those films.  In my opinion, 1992's "Boomerang" was the last great film Eddie Murphy did and one of the good things about this movie is that it's a comedy nothing like Murphy's prior work.  Viewers who like funny, twist-ending kind of romantic comedies will really get into this film.  Without giving away too much of the plot, I'll just say the gist of this movie is that for all the men (playas, pimps, dawgs) out there that one-night stand, wam-bam-thank-you-ma'am women who are fooled into thinking they've hit a relationship jackpot, "Boomerang" turns the tables.  Eddie Murphy stars as "Marcus" an executive in an advertising firm chasing foil "Jacqueline" played by Robbin Givens.  As the two eventually hookup and do the damn thang (wink, wink), Marcus falls in love with Jacqueline who plays him.  A long, dirty-laundry list of hilarious events ensue afterward when once Marcus "gets played" and finds himself enduring several of the indignities, inhumanities and out and out disrespectful treatment from the opposite sex he was guilty of treating in these same fashions.  This is one of the gender roles, turning-the-tables-to-see-how men-like-it-when-the-shoes-on-the-other-foot kind of romantic comedies.  This came out my freshman year of high school and everyone I knew loved it and totally got what the point of what this movie was trying to say about (then) modern relationships in dating.  Bit parts for Halle Berry, Lela Rochonn, Tisha Campbell, Grace Jones and Eartha Kitt make this movie probably the sexiest for some of the industry's sexiest women!!!!  Not a movie little kids will relate to, but preteens through any adult that's got "stories to tell" about odd relationships they've had will really enjoy this picture.  And just remember this was one of Halle's first big movies before her career took off ... worth watching just to notice the difference(s).  Highly recommended.     