 I really got into Jill Scott's first album, but I'm honestly in love with this one.  It's pure hypnotic, infectious love music!!!  If you're not a Jill Scott fan, you should know NOT to expect the dance track, pop tendencies of a Beyonce, Alicia Keys or an Ashanti ... And yet I can't say her sound isn't for kids because my six-year-old cousin likes Beyonce but LOVES JILL.  Jill's the kind of artist who only makes music when she's inspired and she was feeling a way we all aspire to in relationships on this album.  Aside from having a truly adorable and appropriate album cover, this album is 110 percent Jill Scott!!!  "Golden" is perhaps the single that'll blow you away first.  It's high energy, laid back and very inspiring.  My personal favorite track on here is "Spring Summer Feeling" ... its another breathy, light song but with a deep message for all the brothaz thinkin' the only sista they find are the Gold Diggaz Kanye raps about.  Jill tells us, "It takes MORE than diamonds to woo me/It takes more than money to groove me/It takes more than cars to get me wet (hot stuff, right?).  She's singing this song with a very light, bluesy kind of vibe against the backdrop of this whistled tune that absolutely stays in your head.  I highly recommend this album for true R&B fans!!!  Her voice will blow you away on "Bedda At Home," she'll make you laugh on the real Black family-inspired "Family Reunion", just to name a few of the topical extremes on this album.  For those that don't know, Jill does A LOT of her own writing ... something that really caught the attention of my mom (a hardcore 1970s music fan that scoffs at most of what passes for music today).  Peep "The Fact Is (I Need You)", the luscious "Whatever" and "Cross My Mind" to get a feel for her writing skillz.  Also, don't sleep on "Talk To Me," Jill's ode to relationship miscommunication.  My dad LOVES this song b/c she scats like Ella Fitzgerald.  Highly, highly recommended CD purchase.  I can't begin to imagine what Jill could ever do to top this album, but I'm waiting to hear her try.     