 Really dramatic and powerful movie designed to push buttons. It's a conversation/commentary on U.S. race relations kind of movie and I think the good thing about it is there really aren't any right or wrong answers.  The premise of the movie is showing how one's own hatred, poor image, bad experience(s) and/or misperceptions of another race are in fact damaging.  Not groundbreaking, in theory but the movie succeeds in going beyond the typical Black-and-White racial divides and using a series of vignettes to show that basically EVERYONE is guilty of harming someone else because of what amounts to little more than a misunderstanding and with little regard for humanity.  "Crash" is set in racially-polarized Los Angeles, California.  The movie is somewhat metaphorical in its analogy that for the most part, people of different racial groups remain divided and only truly "deal" with each other in a series of "crashes," like emotionally-charged automobile accidents that serve as unintended platforms for people to vent their true racial attitudes and feelings (the stuff everyone says behind close doors or among "their own" but shy away from airing in mixed company given our politically-correct-obsessive society).  I only see one movie a year and I prefer seeing something compelling, something different and something I won't go away saying "There's two hours of my life I'll never get back."  This was that movie for me in 2005.  However, I'll warn you now, I don't think this is a movie for everyone.  If you're the typical moviegoer like my close friends who prefer escapist/fantasy movie types that stray away from reality, this isn't the movie for you.  "Crash" is entertaining in its creativity and social commentary.  It's a great movie for any high school or college sociology class.  If you're into watching movies that will force discussions afterward, also a good movie.  If you're somewhat conservative, judgmental and/or narrow-minded (I'm just being honest), you'll probably dismiss half of this movie's scenes as impossible (to actually happen) or resist its strong overall message that the United States remains very much racially segregated and intolerant even in the new millennium.  If you're the kind of person who's either learned or is trying to learn to live without judging others on the basis of race, you'll probably appreciate this movie.  Awesome, awesome all-star cast and I'm absolutely SHOCKED that this wasn't an independent film, but indeed a HOLLYWOOD production.     