 I remember when this story broke and how big a deal it was among the black community.  I'm glad a book was written to at least explore in depth more of the issues at hand.  Bottom line, Cosby was correct to an extent in his criticisms.  MICHAEL ERIC DYSON DOESN'T DISPUTE THIS ... I read the book, listened to him on TV and heard the brother speak live.  He's merely pointing out the degree to which Cosby was wrong ... namely:   1)Calling out the black poor as if the country's serious problems are confined to "their" community -- and all of this in an age of Paris Hilton's documented & celebrated sexploitations, Donald Trump's affairs, Martha Stewart's own criminalities and the mainstream's religious worship of morally inept shows like "Desperate Housewives."  2)Ultimately the cowardice, as a member of a privileged middle class, in his venomous attack on an utterly defenseless class that obviously can fall victim to societal ills w/out the equal access to opportunities & education.  3)Cosby's personal irony which lends toward hypocrisy of not having more sympathy/empathy for the problems of the black poor given he himself has fallen victim to some of the same problems (institutitonal racism, extramarital affairs, drug use--yes, Bill smoked a little green!)  If you yourself are an alcoholic, you might be technically correct to tell another alcoholic that excessive drinking is destructive -- but you better come correct when you call out this problem when you yourself are guilty of similar transgressions (even if they're past).  4)Finally, the disrespectful way in which he painted a broad stroke over a community that in reality tries just as hard if not harder than all peoples of this country to give their kids the best of values -- if for no other reason b/c THAT's ALL THEY "CAN" afford to pass along. How many single moms in the hood WHO ARE doing right by their kids faced unfair ridicule on a national level?  Ultimately, Cosby himself displays his inability to relate to the black poor of the present. I felt that way prior to reading this book, which just confirms my thoughts.  Sadly, if Mr. Cosby were MOST concerned about the black poor's plight --which is why he claimed to go on his senseless rant -- he would've been man enough and compassionate enough to have addressed "the problemed community" face-to-face instead of unfairly putting them on blast in front of a larger, mainstream society that already paints this community with a broad, often racist brush. (Just think, of all places to do this, he lashes out in front of a mixed audience filled with college students & intelligencia -- which almost conjures images of middle class mockery of the poor as far as class warfare goes).  Why are the serious problems of other ethnic communities in this country NOT common knowledge? Because Polish, Jewish, Italian, Korean and Puerto Rican communities know how to "keep it in the family."  That's not to say you ignore problems, but you for damn sure don't throw salt in your own game to get ahead in this country by providing bulletin-board fodder for the powers that be to keep the powerless, powerless.  Again, this book is an EXCELLENT read and clearly a debate-starter for a community fighting itself to get ahead when it should be focused on a more unified climb upward.  The fact that Bill can assign an "otherness" to a poor black community he clearly no longer relates to, though sad, is beside the point.  Technically speaking, Cosby was correct (in a no s&$% Sherlock kind of way) but also wrong for his public callousness that does more harm than good.     