 "Some people run at the first sight of stormy weather ... But SOME people hold on and work it out together."  -- Breakout lyric from the movie's soundtrack.  This movie has absolutely everything.  It's got comedy of all sorts, yet this movie really isn't a comedy.  And it's got compelling moments that'll make you think and make you feel some kinda way about given relatable characters and life circumstances, yet I wouldn't exactly fit this movie into a mold of your typical drama.  "The Five Heartbeats" is the loosely autobiographical tale of the rise, fall and ultimately triumph in life of a hit five-man R&B group from the 1960s (my father and uncles have an ongoing debate about whether this group's experiences were based upon The Temptations, The Four Tops or The Dells).  This movie seems like a real-enough, real life story about how money, fame and stardom can breed distrust, hate, disloyalty and an assortment of shady dealings that could undue any family relationship or close friendship.  The story follows five young men who start out as close friends who share a common passion and talent: singing.  Of course, they get "discovered" but as they start to and eventually make it big, they discover their moment at the top is filled with tragedy, anger, addictions and deceptions of all kinds -- realities totally different from the starry-eyed images they'd had of "making it big" once upon a time.  Overall, this movie is very much uplifting because, while it takes a life time, these five friends eventually overcome the past and learn some invaluable life lessons.  This is a movie for families -- the plot and various scenes will be interpreted differently by kids and adults, however, both demographics will be able to relate to this movie's overall theme and message.  Fame and fortune are fleeting.  Friendships -- good friendships -- are priceless.  This is a movie that was out and out ignored by Hollwyood.  Easily Robert Townsend's best film and deserving of Academy Award consideration.  Awesome acting, brilliant writing and a blazingly inspiring soundtrack.  This movie is the complete package.  Perhaps the most recommended movie pitch I'll ever make on Amazon for one film!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Guaranteed crowd-pleasing movie and one you can watch over and over and over, and not get tired of.     