 I originally saw the second half of this documentary on MTV2 (shocking, I know) in June/July 2004. But I'd been talking about buying this to watch it in its entirety for about a year and a half.  It's a must have for both old school and nu skool hip hop heads.  I'm from the North, but have lived recently in the South and the fact of the matter is there are cultural differences between the two regions that play out in music.  This documentary gives a face with historical and cultural backdrops to the roots of Southern hip hop including a thriving and profitable underground culture misunderstood if not altogether ignored by outsiders.  Rap, DJ, hip hop sound and stylistic differences are documented showing the diversity and contributions of everyone from MIA to ATL to Memphis to H-Town (and PAT) and of course The Big Easy are discussed in depth.  You'll see your favorite underground cats like UGK, DJ Screw, Hitman Sammy Sam and the incomparable ESG right alongside your David Banners, Juveniles, T.I.s, Lukes, Paul Walls, Chamillionaires and Geto Boys providing commentary on why they've been so successful, what they've added to hip hop culture and also why Southern hip hop doesn't get the respect it deserves outside the region.  I think most hip hop fans just need to take the time to understand the culture first of all. Secondly, they need to realize that Southern hip hop cats are appropriating the culture (adding on to it creatively).  And finally, they should accept and appreciate the fact that Southern hip hop culture is different and that's cool.  I'm from country ass, but citified Indianapolis. I been listening to hip hop, born and raised on the Kool G. Raps, Rakims, LL Cool Js, Jay-Zs, Nas, WuTangs, Fugees, Biggies, TuPacs and Public Enemys of the World.  But you know what? After living in Houston and actually taking the time to learn about Southern hip hop, I can ride to my Nas and AZ just as much as Lil Scrappy, OutKast, Slim Thug, 50/50 Twin and Paul Wall.  The South has a spirit and strength all its own as this documentary reveals. The sooner folks recognize and respect it, the better.  One     