 I'm a hardcore Nas fan and really appreciate having all of his best videos in one place.  However, my biggest disappointment (which I was aware of before purchasing this DVD) is that his three Street's Disciple CD videos from 2004-05 weren't included.  They were among his all-time best ever and should be added at some point!!!  If you're a Nas fan, you'll appreciate this collection.  BUT, even if you aren't I'd strongly recommend this DVD b/c for the most part music lovers will gain an appreciation for real hip hop and a time when videos were more creative, conceptual and three-dimensional instead of your cliched, booty-shakers (which have their place -- I'm not hatin', but we need more balance like all facets of life).  "It Ain't Hard to Tell," "One Love", "Halftime" and "The World Is Yours" are all videos made off of Nas' 1994 debut album "Illmatic."  Everyone knows that was Nas' best LP and an album widely regarded as a hip hop masterpiece if not the greatest hip hop album in history.  What makes these videos outstanding is that like the tracks, they reflect a rough but not hard, grimy but not violent and introspective yet relatable look at life in New York City in the 1990s.  These videos show real buildings and neighborhoods. The people wear regular black and white NY colors and are not flashy and shiny-suited up like a Puff Daddy video. They reflect the NYC as experienced by the common man that doesn't live on Park Avenue earning $150,000 a year.  Those "Illmatic" videos give way to the "It Was Written (1996) LP" collection which represented Nas kind of selling out enough to go commercial and get crossover success.  "If I Ruled the World" with Lauryn Hill and the "Casino (1995)" movie-themed video "Street Dreams" are videos where Nas is hittin' us all Puffy Daddy-ed out with champagne celebrations, bright lights, Mafioso overtones and colorful, larger than life gangsta styles.  These videos are entertaining but were a disappointing departure from Nas' beloved "Illmatic" days.  The third and fourth installment of Nas videos were pulled from his two 1999 albums "I Am" and "Nastradamus" (released in the spring and fall, respectively). All I can say about these videos are that they're diverse yet very inconsistent and uneven.  You get "Nas Is Like" which is a return to Nas' grimyness of five years earlier where he's shot (video) in Queensbridge projects, walking the streets in skull caps, jeans and tims ... a return to the realness.  The second offering from "I Am" was the controversial "Hate Me Now" video where Nas walks the streets like Jesus Christ, reinacting Christ being crucified ... very edgy, daring stuff!!!  I understand he was trying to draw a comparison for warring Nas fan camps that either loved his real, grimy side and hated the commercial side or vice versa.  It's an artistic concept, so overall I approved of this video.  I like his attempt at individuality and creativity of "Hate Me Now" that much more when you consider he released the lame, status quo videos "Nastradamus" and "You Owe Me" with Destiny's Child and Ginuwine in Fall 1999.  These two videos are easily the worst of the DVD b/c they reflect Nas' lack of creativity here.  Off the chart-topping, critically acclaimed 2001 LP "Stillmatic," we get the "Got Urself ..." video where Nas reinacts the slayings of TuPac and Biggie -- a return to his affinity for pushing the envelope with controversial yet creative conceptual videos.  The second installment from "Stillmatic" was "One Mic" perhaps one of Nas' best ever: a video depicting rebellion of all forms against injustice and all the ties that bind human beings and the message that one mic, one voice, one leader can make a change.  Classic, classic stuff.  Finally, off the "Stillmatic" followup "God's Son" (2002) you get Nas videos that remain more inspirational, creative and less status quo.  "Made You Look" with its guerrilla style shots of various parts of the New York burroughs and a more real, less thugged out Nas is another favorite with its mix of color and black & white shots and the infamous pulsating bass line.  Finally, "I Can" was Nas circa-2003 offering the anti-50 Cent message to the youth that you can and should aspire to greatness -- you can be more than rappers, strippers, dancers and entertainers.  This video with its elementary school appeal really would border on corner for 99 percent of rappers, but because Nas did it, it comes off as heartfelt, sincere and inspiring.  Again, I can't imagine a rapper with a better video anthology this side of Public Enemy, Run DMC and maybe -- maybe -- TuPac.  I just wish "Thief's Theme" with its clever depiction of different kinds of thieves and hustlers walking the streets, "Bridging the Gap" with its artsy visual comparison of hip hop with the blues and jazz music, fashion and dances and the awe-inspiring life tribute video "Just A Moment" with Quan were on this DVD.  Those were three of his best ever and would've made this DVD a complete must have!     