 What a breath of fresh air young Mr. West was with this album.  Hip hop wasn't ready for this in spring 2004 and I wonder how many Kanye "Late Registration" bandwagon jumpers will look back at this LP and appreciate it for what it was.  Kanye West, like all men and women, is a contradiction.  He's your classic tormented soul who exclaims the virtues of the "good, positive" side of life while ultimately acknowledging his imperfection and weakness to fall victim to the same evils he rejects.  But that's the point of this album and that's what makes it so creative, artistic, poetic and even inspiring.  The problem with hip hop music today is that everyone finds one gimmick or one hustle, sticks to that comfort zone and tries to sell, sell, sell until fans get tired of 'em.  On "College Dropout" you get nothing but a multi-dimensional view of Kanye West, painting this one person as "that individual" masses all relate to but for different reasons.  You can expect brilliant production on this album.  Say what you will about Kanye's flow (it got better on Late Registration if you ask me).  But what's so chilling about Kanye's rhymes are the diversity of lyrics and subject matter.    This same dude who promotes safe sex, God, education and an overall ambitious, prideful attitude is the same person on this LP who also talks about drugs, his sexual appetite, his even bigger ego and gives a big middle finger to any and all in his life who deemed him a failure because he didn't finish college.  Do you understand, relate to and agree with all of the aforementioned? Probably not.  So take this album for what is it ... a reflection of the life experiences of one person.  "College Dropout" is a kaleidoscope reflecting every stage of life, every success, every failure, every strength and every flaw of this dude.  If you get "that" point, you'll appreciate this album as a Tour de force of what it is to be human.  If I lost you or if this is confusing, don't get this album.  It doesn't have the one-track, single-mindedness of your typical party-drink & party some more rapper or of your fake gangsta wannabes lyin' about how hard they are.       