 For my old school hip hop heads, any LL recording pre-1991 is cool.  For my ex-diehard LL fans, you may even want to cop a few of his LPs that came out in the 90s (most notably, All World, his greatest hits CD).  But for rap fans, Mama Said Knock You Out is the only LL Cool J album I'd say is a must for your collection.  This was LL at his peak ... he was the first to rock the "Ladies Love" loverman tip in hip hop looonngg before it was popular to put Rap&B tracks on your album.  But this album represents when LL was still kickin' it street with his ears to what was really going down in hip hop.  Seeing LL all over T.V. now with his shirt off, spouting downright dumb lyrics that shows he's pushin' 40 and has NO CONCEPT of what's going down in hip hop nowadays is really, really sad for folks like me who came up when he was the GOAT.  Back in the Mama Said days, circa 1990-91, this album finds LL having to prove himself against the new jacks as the hip hop landscape first started its dramatic change (when Gangsta Rap was gettin' big).  Most folks, myself included, were pleasantly surprised to find a lyrically fit LL on his game, rise to the occasion with this LP.  It may sound dated, especially given how "hardcore" rap got in the coming few years after Mama Said's release.  But back in the day, this LP was the sh##!  You had LL keepin' the ladies happy with old school jams like "Around the Way Girl" but also keepin' it hood with battle joints like "Mama Said Knock You Out."  Also, and I just saw this video on the tube again just recently, but "Boomin' System" is perhaps a hip hop classic that'll stand the test of time as far as rap songs 2 ride 2 go.  LL was the first to masterfully be soft enough for the ladies and to crossover to pop culture while also being hard enough to keep respect among the fellas and less commercial hip hop fans.  This ability just eroded the older and more Hollywood his career got -- ultimately leading to his inability to rock the fellas.  Listening to this LP will make you respect his (once)Gangsta only to come back to reality and see how far the mighty have fallen (and, sadly, keep dragging along).     