 ... a dude who comes correct wit a tighter flow, produces his own album, dares to speak his mind no matter how unpopular the opinions (and in this day and age of political correctness among celebs) and actually sets out to expand the hip hop sound?  This album is nothing less than classic, exceptional material from a man not afraid to stand the f#$% up and aim for the top of not just hip hop, but the music industry as a whole.  I was feelin' Kanye's first LP The College Dropout, but I can say I became a Kanye fan because of Late Registration.  "Gold Digger" will probably go down as the most recognizable single of his career (especially when you got everyone from five-year-old girls in the hood to wanna-be-down sounding, starched-collar-wearing corporate elites on Wall Street jammin' 2 this song).  But that's also what makes this album so appealing. It honestly has diverse context and an all around vibe that make it easy to relate to for different people from all over.  I personally prefered the more street tracks like "We Major" with Nas and "Crack Music" which really do hit at the core of pure hip hop.  Can't hate on Ye for teaming with Paul Wall for some Dirty, Dirty luv on "Drive Slow."  But we all appreciate Kanye at his best, representin' his political views all throughout the whole damn album -- but especially on politically-motivated tracks like "Diamonds from Sierra Leone" and "Heard 'Em Say."  I don't think Kanye has the best flow, but he comes bigger and better than on his first album.  And, no, this isn't an album that's going to get you crunk.  But as far as making LPs to ride to and vibe to, I'd put this a lot closer to some hip hop masterpieces than we've seen from the hip hop world in years.  A truly great hip hop album, at its best, as far as I'm concerned, should represent the full spectrum of life -- communicating joys, pains & the lighter side of life. It should entertain while simultaneously challenging the listener to relate to different life experiences if not also learn a little something.  This album isn't an "Illmatic," "Fear of a Black Planet" or a "Paid in Full," but it shows the hip hop world still has young bucks like Mr. West comin' with that fire tryin' 2 kick it straight like it's '88. We need more albums like this!  Big ups to the best rapper/producer in the game and one helluva sophomore LP.  Highly recommended purchase ...     