 If you've read the book description and reader reviews, you already know the basic plot of the story: boy (Zeb) loves girl (Rumer), girl loses boy to sister (Elizabeth), girl and boy rediscover each other, even though boy has a troubled 15 year old son (Michael) with girl's sister who is his ex-wife.  I'm sorry but I just couldn't get past the many requirements for me to suspend my disbelief to really enjoy this book.  If you grew up in a halfway normal family, you may have the same issue. First, you have to believe that Rumer and Zeb would entertain the thought of getting back together after Zeb's divorce to Rumer's sister, Elizabeth.  Next you have to believe that the girls' father would welcome the man who destroyed the sisters' relationship back to town with an open invitation to go after Rumer.  Is is just my dad who would have greeted him with a shotgun?  Then you have to believe that Rumer hasn't met any other eligible men worthy of her love in all the years that her sister was married to Zeb.  You also must believe that even though Rumer's and Zeb's love was so strong that it could overcome the quasi-incestuous (queasy incestuous for me) implications of the plot, it wasn't strong enough to overcome the flimsy obstacle that Elizabeth concocted to break them up in the first place.  I won't give it away, but it is a misunderstanding that could have been cleared up with a phone call.  Since Rumer and Zeb are next door neighbors, they could just have easily have discussed the issue in person.  Finally, you have to believe that even though Elizabeth is a famous and talented actress, she is also a borderline psychotic sociopath (okay, maybe that's not such a stretch). I've deducted a star from the rating because I would expect to see this family on the Jerry Springer show, not in the pages of a sweet contemporary romance.  Maybe it's just my six sisters and I who look at each other's husbands and boyfriends as brothers, with all the social boundaries that the relationship implies.  I think Rosemary Clooney and Vera-Ellen sang it best:  "Lord help the mister who comes between me and my sister, and Lord help the sister that comes between me and my man!"     