 ...after finishing "Seven Up," and it being the second novel from Ms. Evanovich that I read, the other being "High Five," I can only give an honest assessment of what I read. First, it is glaringly obvious that this author is heavily influenced by the work of Sue Grafton, which is not a bad thing, but sadly, Evanovich doesn't even come close to reaching the satisfaction level that Ms. Grafton does so effortlessly. Granted, her novels in the Stephanie Plum series are meant to be funny, but the overkill of humor is drastically hindering her work. The character of Plum can't walk from her apartment to her car without a "major event" happening ! She can't seem to take a shower, eat breakfast, talk on the phone.....NOTHING !....without something spectacular sure to happen. This grows very tiresome VERY quickly. It also seems that 99 % of all the characters in her novels, the regulars and the brief, are all wisecracking, witty and sarcastic individuals, just anticipating their chance to pop off a one liner, regardless of the scenerio. If one were to subtract the sarcasism, the wisecracks or the many, many unbelievable "events" that happen to Stephanie, with her every breath and step that she makes, one would realize that there isn't much of a story going on. Any avid reader knows a great novel's backbone is it's storyline....pulling the reader in...building momentem and suspense...then reaching the climax. This does not happen in a Evanovich novel. She comes out of the starting gate with screwball humor and bombards the reader with it until the last page....tossing bits and pieces of a shallow story every now and then. It's really very exhausting, and the screwball humor becomes very unfunny and predictable long before one finishes the book. I realize that her novels get glowing reviews from notable critics, but I can only assume that they were duped by the overkill of humor, and haven't realized they weren't actually reading a story. For me, reading her novels are the equivalent of watching a 15 minute Three Stooges short, with Moe poking Curly in the eyes for the entire 15 minutes.....it grows very tiresome and unfunny.     