 Wow! Charlie Hunter just gets better with each release he puts out. His unique playing (playing an instrument that is half guitar and half bass can be characterized as nothing more than unique) is kicked up another notch here. It sounds like Hunter has gained confidence since his "Songs from the Analog Playground" release last year. The songs are upbeat, and his playing has a little more edge to it, a little more pizzazz. Hunter has always been a great guitarist, but if he keeps going the direction he's headed in, he'll be a giant.  Hunter's style of music is to mix bass and guitar at the same time. This is easily heard in the opening of "Try". There are some incredible finger gymnastics going on to play eight strings like he does. But the song doesn't focus on Hunter for very long. In jump the horns and this song is off and running. You can tell just from the sound of the music, that these boys were having fun cutting this tune. It's all through the album. Hunter's solo on "Whoop-Ass" is exactly that, showing what an accomplished musician he is. John Ellis' own solo is out there as well. "Changui" is a Latin-sounding song with another great solo from Ellis. Listen to Hunter's guitar under that solo, it sounds almost like steel-drums. Curtis Fowlkes gets a few minutes to shine as well. His trombone solo in "Freak Fest" is great. Not often you hear a trombone take the spotlight, but Fowlkes does a great job. Fowlkes puts a mute in the bell, and belts out another solo in "Wade In the Water", right after an incredible solo shot by Hunter. Check out his bluesy outro on that song. Derrek Phillips on drums puts an amazing performance on throughout the whole album. He is rock solid and scary. Gregoire Maret steps in with harmonica on most of the tracks. He has a sound reminiscent of Toots Thelonious.  Hunter and the boys turn out a great performance on "Right Now Move". I think Hunter is starting to reach out and experiment more with his sound. I've always been impressed with his stuff, but I don't think never as nearly impressed I am with this release. He's been playing with his band for the last few years. Whatever he was looking for, I think he found a winner with this Quintet. This is a solid album from everyone in the band. It is truly a group effort and a must have for Hunter and jazz fans alike.     