 When I first heard of Shakira, I was thinking she was just another cute singing blonde Brittany Spears clone. After hearing her "Underneath Your Clothes" every twenty minutes on the radio, I found that it grew on me and I was willing to give "Laundry Service" a chance. I must admit, that one song did not prepare me for what I found on this album. It's actually good. This Columbian diva has a cross of hip-hop and, at times, the sound of the band No Doubt with a great vibrato and a hint of a country twang. But, what really excites me about this album is when she turns back to her roots and sings in Spanish. I was surprised by the amount of soul in her voice, but it increases when she goes back to her native language.  For the most part, this is a very upbeat album, with fast rhythms and quick lyrics. Although the lyrics are weak at times, she does a great job in getting the feel right. This is especially true in the Arab sounding "Eyes Like Yours (Ojos Asi)" where the lyrics come at you in a clipped staccato with certain lines slowed down to place extra emphasis it. If No Doubt sang in Spanish, I imagine that they would sound a little like Shakira does in "Te Aviso, Te Anuncio (Tango)", or the English version "Objection (Tango)" or "Ready for the Good Times" with the wah-effect on the guitar. This is just an example of another upbeat song. The first version of "Whenever, Wherever" is good, but when she sings verses in Spanish, "Suerte (Whenever, Wherever)" becomes a great song. My favorite songs on the album are "Eyes Like Yours", "Que Me Quedes Tu" and "Te Dejo Madrid". I love Shakira's voice when she hits the chorus of "Te Deio Madrid", so full of soul and feeling. If she can repeat that kind of emotion in her future music she could be very big.  This is a very impressive album to have as her first English releases on it. I think that Shakira is on the verge of becoming a powerful singer, and I look forward to her new releases as she continues to mature. Without a doubt she is more comfortable singing in Spanish, but that will change with the popularity of this album. I hope she remains true to her roots and continues to sing in Spanish half the time on her future English albums.     