 The master of the touch-tap technique does it again with this 1994 release. His playing is unbelievable as he combines both the melodies and rhythms at the same time, sometimes playing as many as three guitars. His music is smooth and soulful, and astounding to listen to. His phrasing is varied and energetic as he mixes up his rhythms, a true musician. The majority of this album focuses on the title track, a cover of Maurice Ravel's orchestral piece. A great tune to begin with, Jordan modernizes it with his style, making it more of funky. The composition is good, and does credit to Ravel. Although it is a great song, it does clock in at over twenty minutes making for a long listen. It leaves the rest of the album short, but what is left is still very good as well. "Chameleon" is another good track that makes for a good follow up to "Bolero". It has a good beat and some exceptional guitar work on it. About halfway through the song, Jordan takes a nice clean solo, and then jumps on the distortion pedal giving it a bit of extra punch. The song is extra funky for a smooth jazz sound and has a good theme he keeps returning to. The cover of Jimi Hendrix's "Drifting" is pretty cool as well. Much more mellow than the original, and smooth-ified. His outro solo is fairly raw, bringing into play a bit of the Jimi sound to end. "Plato's Blues" is purely Jordan jamming on his own. He starts of soft and slow before kicking it up several notches, blowing us away with a wall of sound, fast fingers and raw power. He ends the album with the sweet solo of "Always and Forever", which is basically the same as the second song without the singing. Another fine cut with only Jordan playing.  This is an impressive album from Jordan. Most of the songs here are very good, but the singing on a couple of songs makes it too much of smooth jazz. He is incredibly talented as can be heard from his solo work, but he also does well composing wrapping in a dozen instruments and effects to make a song. If you're a Jordan fan, this is pretty good stuff here. My favorite is still his live performance on "Stolen Moments".     