 What happens when you bring together two great improv jazz guitarists and an incredible flamenco player? The answer is this album: an acoustical tour de force of flamenco and Latin flavored jazz tunes. Three great guitarists, each in their own right, come together to provide a little over forty minutes of mind blowing music.  John McLaughlin and Al DiMeola are improvisational giants with a great understanding of the music that they are playing and seem to be able to play new ideas with simple ease, always surprising to the listener. Paco de Lucia had never strayed from the proper form of flamenco music before joining his compatriots on this album. Night after night of trying to play the notes that reflected his feelings, instead of the same way each time, left Lucia with headaches after each show. The improvisational skills Lucia learned from these two masters would help him change flamenco to reach a wider audience.  The album opens with "Mediterranean Sundance/Rio Ancho", a powerful duet between DeLucia and DiMeola that explores lightning fast runs and a flamenco style rhythms. This is the showcase tune of the album, which turns out to be more of a cutting contest of seeing who can play their phrase the fastest. Nevertheless, this is still a fun piece to listen to. DiMeola and McLaughlin team up for a cover of Chick Corea's "Short Tales of the Black Forest". "Frevo Rasgado" finds McLaughlin and DeLucia trading phrases at blinding speed. This was the piece that piqued my interested in this album. Very flamenco sounding. All three get together to play the remaining two songs. "Fantasia Suite" is simply amazing. There isn't a dud on this album. Normally, I will purchase a live album over a studio because the performers play at a higher energy level. Although this is true with Friday Night in San Francisco, there are parts where the audience is too loud and drowns out the musicians. Hearing adults "shushing" is annoying, and reminds me of being in school.  If you like great guitar playing, especially with a flamenco sound, definitely purchase this album. Your jaw will drop and your head spin trying to comprehend how fast these three virtuosos play.     