 From the opening line from Stevie, "Roll, and I'll just feel something," the album is about feeling. Stevie's playing was effortless, and some even called him God's Radio, but his playing was always better when his big brother, Jimmie, was with him. Even though they weren't always in the studio together, laying down individual tracks to be mixed later, the magic is still there, and it shines when the brothers are playing together. Stevie reached the apex of his career with this album and "In Step" turning out the best music of his life, but lurking in the shadow, brother Jimmie came to his own here too. Jimmie voice makes its first appearance on an album as he sings. At times it is nearly impossible to tell which of the brothers is playing, but they each have a distinctive sound, which fit together perfectly as brothers should. Every song on this album is spectacular. From the opening "Hard to Be" with Stevie on lead vocals and a cool theme over Jimmie's rhythm. Upbeat and fun. Next, it's Jimmie's turn to sing on "White Boots", with a slight Country flare. Who knew he had such a great voice? Stevie steps in with his distinctive sound and plays a great solo. They repeat the formula again with "Good Texan". The best song on the album is "Tick Tock". Just perfect playing from the brothers, and Jimmie's spoken intro sets the tone of the song, and Stevie sings it beautifully. A strong message in today's world. The brothers rock out with "Telephone Song" pulling out Wah-Wah solos and excellent rhythm. The album ends with the appropriately named "Brothers", an instrumental played on one guitar being passed back and forth between the two Vaughans. The brothers pass licks back and forth for five minutes. Powerful and haunting.  This is one of the greatest albums, and is a work of art. It is the album that defined when both brothers came into their own. It was one of Stevie's best performances, and it was a milestone where Jimmie reached the next plateau becoming a truly great player. There is real magic between the brothers, and "Family Style" showcases that magic. Unfortunately, Stevie passed away shortly after recording this album. After a few years, Jimmie stepped back into the recording studio for "Strange Pleasures" picking up where he left off after this album. The brothers will live on through this album.     