 When it comes to smooth jazz, Peter White is one of the best guitarists to play in the genre. His music is soulful, elegant and enjoyable to listen to. His phrasing is a mixture of single notes and chords welding both together with a great finger-picking style. A virtuoso with the acoustic guitar. "Caravan of Dreams" is such a great album because of White's natural talent, but then he throws in more talent to raise the stakes. Rick Braun on trumpet, Boney James on sax, Marc Antoine on guitar, and the beautiful voice of Basia lend their talents to make this a truly great album.  From the opening lines of James' sax on the title track, you know this is going to be a good album. White's sound is sweet and clear, and the song is effortless, the notes painting a picture. There is no wasted space or notes, the sound of a true musician. "Long Ride Home" has a great theme to it with a snappy feel. Add in the soulful belting of Braun on the flugelhorn, and this becomes one of my favorite songs off the album. Braun is the perfect accent to fill the spaces between White's playing, and Braun's solo is flawless. Throw in another guitar virtuoso in Antoine and you have the powerful "Caf Mystique". The two guitarists play off each other brilliantly, touching a little on a Latin sound and a touch of Italian with the accordian. They take turns playing the rhythm while the other solos; Antoine out of the left channel and White the right. These two should do an entire album together. "Just Another Day" features Basia as the only vocal track on the album. Her voice blends well with White's sound, and she backs up his beautiful solo with wordless notes or coos and awes.  As a Braun fan, I must admit the only reason I purchased this album was because the trumpeter's name appeared on the cover. Although Braun only makes a single appearance on this album there are nine other incredible songs here. Nothing is a disappointment, and "Caravan of Dreams" made the perfect first impression of Peter White for me. This is a must have smooth jazz album.     