 I have always been a big fan of JVC products. My first CD changer was the old 5-disc, top-load carousel purchased back in 1989. It provided nearly thirteen years of service before it finally conked out, and that was from nearly constant use. After I buried my old reliable disc changer, I was on the hunt for a new one. What better place to look than a hybrid CD/DVD changer. Seven discs this time. Hours of listening or viewing enjoyment.  Overall, I'm impressed with this JVC product. It has all the bells and whistles that you would expect from a high-end DVD player, including Progressive Scan. There are dozen of functions to choose from, and on-screen direct programming of most settings. The remote is laid out well, and is easy to use. The seven-disc capacity allows you can listen to one CD right after another or watch one DVD after another, which means you don't have to stop what you're doing to change CD/DVD's. Another nice function is the ability to change discs out while one is currently playing. All six of the non-playing discs are available to swap out.  Shockingly, this unit does not have a "true" random mode of selecting any song from any disc. It pretends to have a random mode, and will play all the tracks on one CD in a random order before moving onto the next CD in line and repeating the process. My 5-disc changer had a true random mode, and I know their 200-disc changers have a true random mode, but this one doesn't. I'm sure that this was done because of all the moving parts for changing discs. It appears to be a mix of the carousel and cartridge type CD loaders. The only thing that worries me about this device is that the more moving parts there are, the more chance for something to break.  If you're a movie buff, and are buying this to stack up the movies, I say you can't find a better deal. Even if you're looking for a device that can play CD/DVD's equally, check this one out. If you're going to use this as a CD player and occasionally watch movies on it, save yourself some money and buy a single tray DVD player.     