 This is a tour-de-force of guitar legends on stage. Satch, Steve Vai and Eric Johnson plugging their axes into Marshall and Fender amps to dazzle and wow for more than an hour of music. The album doesn't do the show any justice only playing three songs from each set, and not including any of the opening act, Adrian Legg - a great guitarist in his own right. As a live show, the energy is high and the boys are on playing some of their greatest tunes. The chosen songs could have been better, but I remember some songs missing from the set list when I saw them live.  Satch's set begins with "Cool No.9" from his self-titled release. A little more bluesy and spacey than his previous stuff, but it still rocks. Full of lightning fast licks, overpowering crunch, and dive-bombs it rocks out. He follows with big hits "Flying In a Blue Dream" and "Summer Song". Both were good, but I remember a great version of "Big Bad Moon" at the show that I would have like to seen here. Satch's student, Vai shows why he was the student and Satch is the master. Although his set is good and a little more raw, he does not match to the talent of his former teacher. Overall, it is Eric Johnson who steals the show, but not quite the album. Johnson is a tone freak and had the best tone of the night. His playing is jaw-dropping fast and unbelievably smooth. Unfortunately, his song choices weren't the greatest here. "Zap" is powerful, fast, and catch. The man's tone goes from low growl to crystal solos with elegant ease. He backs of with "Manhattan" playing cleaner and jazzy. Again his fret work is amazing.  The highlight of the album comes at the end when the three guitar-gods join together for an amazing jam session. Licks abound as each takes their turn with a solo in their unique style. They cover three great hits, and although none of them have a great voice, they do a good job with "Going Down," Frank Zappa's "My Guitar Wants to Kill Your Mama" and Hendrix's "Red House" which is a fitting close to the album.  Any fan of guitar music or fan of these musicians would find this album a great addition to their collection. High energy, raw and amazing fingering. These guys are the monsters of guitar-rock.     