 When I first read about Robert Charles Wilson's book, "The Chronoliths" I was very intreiged by the idea. The book is set in the not too distant future where the main character, ScottWarden, witnesses a large Washington Memorial-like monolith in the jungles of Chumphon. The monolith was created by a person named Kuin to celebrate his conquring of the area twenty years and three months in the future.  As we learn more about Scott's personal life, these chronoliths keep appearing throughout the world marking Kuin's conquest of the planet. As each chronolith appears, the world sinks deeper into depression and strife. Scott is hired by an old college professor, Sue Chopra, who is the leading research scientist of the chronoliths. Together, they try to solve the mystery of the strange objects, how they appear, and how to defeat Kuin before the entire world falls under his future control.  Overall, I felt that this was a pretty good book. It was a little slow to get started, but after about a third of the way through, it started picking up speed. The last third was a very fast read as I wanted to learn how they defeated Kuin. The book takes place over a twenty-year timeframe, which has large gaps within the story, so as large as seven years. I'm not sure that I enjoyed the end of the book though. I think it is very tough to write about time travel (I'm not sure what else to call this) without getting caught up in the paradoxes that are associated with it. Without giving away the end I'll use an analogy: Imagine that you read of your death before it happened, wouldn't you avoid the circumstance that created your death and thus live?  The only other complaint I have about this book is the fact that it's written in first person. I'm not a big fan of first person, which may have contributed to taking me a third of the book to get involved with it.  I felt Wilson did a good job of making you think with his topic. I think it was a pretty original story. He did a lot of work to come up with the chronoliths, the tau turbulance theory, and the outlook of the future. This book is worth the read.     