 I wasn't sure about this album when I received it as a gift, but thought I'd give it a try anyway. I was surprised by what I heard. Peter "Wyoming" Bender mixes the sounds of his Native culture with contemporary and a touch rock and other genres. The deep drums resonate under the rhythm of horse-bells while flute carries the melody either in a traditional sound, or the sound Bender has learned from his experience of music in traveling through Europe. Native chants add flavor to the songs, making them very authentic. As Enya is to her Celtic heritage, so Bender is to his Native American heritage. He takes the traditional, and colors it with beautiful music.  Several songs stand out on this album, like the deep and slow singing on "Crow Dog's Paradise". "Don't Ever Smoke the Right Pipe with the Wrong Man," has a little more of that Native feel with chanting and drums only in the middle, while the keyboard and flute hint slightly at an Enya feel. The opening "Rugged Roads" is one of the primer songs of the album, although the wind effect is a little too much. My favorite is "Ax-Bi-Zha-Ye (Through the Air)", where the drums have a strong presence in the beginning and periodically throughout as the synth strings adds a haunting color to the flute's melody. The first time I heard this song I mistook it for Enigma's, as it shares a lot of qualities with that particular band's work. "Hole In the Sky takes on a more modern feeling with a big double-bass sound and the opening reed-synthesized keyboard. The flute melody has a feeling of "If the Phone Doesn't Ring, It's Me" to it. Bender is on the right track here combining the sounds of his ancestors with the sounds of today's music. I would like to find more of his work, but I must agree with a previous reviewer about the mixing quality of the album. The sound quality of this album is not deep and full as you would expect, and it becomes very apparent after listening to an album done properly immediately before "Canyon Drums". As Bender has said here he recorded the album with little knowledge of recording techniques. Besides the sound quality, the music is very good.     