 During my last battle with procrastination, lethargy and anger at not making headway upon my goals, I purchased Peter McWilliams book "Do It!". I had reached a point where I was stagnant, and hoped that this book might do like the title suggest and get me off my butt. The book looks huge, clocking in at over 500 pages, but don't let that fool you. It is barely half of that because there must be 300 quotes blocked out throughout the text. I read the introduction and became interested in what McWilliams had to say. McWilliams breaks the book up into six larger sections full of small chapters. He tackles his topic quickly and abundantly. The book begins by explaining the reasons why we procrastinate, working through finding a goal, achieving that goal, and what to do after the goal has been achieved. The most helpful section to me was the first as he explains the reasons why many of us do not achieve our goals. His belief is that going against our comfort zone is the hardest thing to do, and it is this comfort zone that prefers us to procrastinate.  I think that the book is above average in motivating you. McWilliams has a way of writing that excites you to the point where you think you can do what you need to accomplish your goals (even if finding a goal is your goal). He provides tips to help you achieve your goal, like needing to work on your goal two hours a day. He uses a handful of exercises to help you identify your goal, but otherwise there is not much interaction for the reader. He also provides a lot of quotes. Some may find quotes motivational. I found them entertaining. There are more quotes than just those that appear in boxes. McWilliams tends to write by using a quote, and then interpreting it and expanding on it to get his point across. So, you need to like quotes before reading this book.  I feel like I got something out of this book. It's not the best motivational book, as it didn't make me dive into achieving my goal, but it did get me to think about my goal and what I need to do about it. It also gave me ways to combat the comfort zone. Overall, I think if you have strayed slightly from your goal this book will help you get back on track, or if you are looking for a goal to pursue it may help you identify one.     