 Not only does playing your songs acoustically change the sound of them, to do so with no accompaniment takes unimaginable talent. Well, Pat Metheny does just that. "One Quiet Night" is a collection of songs, some new, some old, played on a baritone acoustic guitar with a tuning Metheny was experimenting with. It originally began as improvisation while recording at home, and turned into a project of solo guitar. As with anything Metheny plays, the technique is jaw-dropping and the sound is exceptional. As the title of the album suggest, this is a quiet album with only Metheny on guitar, no accompaniment and no overdubs - just a single guitar.  The songs range from fast and upbeat to slow and introspective. "Song for the Boys" begins with an arpeggio before jumping into a catchy strumming rhythm. Then, Metheny begins to put in the melody notes on top of the chords creating a song, which sounds much larger and fuller than it really is. He returns to the arpeggio again in the middle to change keep the feel varied. Metheny can also reach inside of you to pull at your emotions with the sad sounding "Another Chance", a very slow piece with good bass movement as a counterpoint for the chords - heartfelt fingerpicking. He slows down his locomotive rhythm of "Last Train Home" giving it a new life as an acoustic solo. The synth sound is gone replaced by the ringing of strings, and acrobatic finger-work. Metheny varies his tempo through the song, speeding up and slowing down turning this into a very beautiful piece. Another new composition is "Over on 4th Street" which is a strumming piece. I've always admired Metheny's ability to make full strum patterns sound so simple and full, and this song is a good example of this.  For some, this album may be too large of a departure from Metheny's sound to enjoy. But, if you like the quiet sounds of a solo acoustic guitar, Metheny does a wonderful job. His tone is bright and full, the guitar another masterpiece from luthier Linda Manzer. Metheny takes his playing to a new level here, leaving in the mistakes (so he says, but I can't hear any), showing that he continues to grow and learn the wonderful instrument he plays. This is the perfect album for quiet evening of deep introspection.     