 Every religion as well as every person has a view about the end of the world. It is something that every living person dwells on from time to time. How is the world going to end? What will the events be that lead up to the last days of earth? Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins are Catholic scholars that have done extensive study into the book of Revelations. The book of Revelations and the visions of John leave much room for interpretation, where the line "locusts with stingers on their tails" can be seen as evil little bugs, or Apache attack helicopters. The "Left Behind" series is a cast of fictional characters moving through LaHaye and Jenkins' theory of the end of the world, and at the same time they are able to slip some Catholic teachings to the reader without sounding overly preachy.  The book opens high over the Atlantic Ocean on Rayford Steele's 747 flight to London, when nearly a hundred passengers suddenly disappear leaving behind piles of clothes, glasses, blankets and shoes in their seats. The world in turmoil because a significant part of the world's population has disappeared. Pilotless airplanes crass to the earth, driverless cars create major traffic accidents, and every child under the age of twelve is gone. This idea in itself was enough to start me reading this series. The point of view of the story is shared between Rayford and a Pulitzer Prize winning columnist named Cameron "Buck" Williams. Buck is trying to find answers to this disappearance, while at the same time trying to cover the rise of a brilliant politician from Romania that can do no wrong, Nicolae Carpathia. Nicolae has a new vision of world peace and disarmament. Rayford, along with Bruce Barnes, are trying to convert people to a religion he might have taken up too late to save himself, starting with his daughter Cloe. The world is in chaos. Will they be able to make sense of the situation?  "Left Behind" is very gripping, and will drag you into its pages. At a couple of points, the story becomes a little convoluted and difficult to understand when we're involved with Buck's friends abroad and a couple of bankers. I don't think any of these characters added to the story, and probably detracted from it as the authors tried to give an air of conspiracy. Besides these two incidents, I couldn't put the book down, reading it in the better part of a day - which is rare for me. The author's writing is light, tending to focus more on action and dialog than details, which makes for a quicker read. I'm hooked, I'll continue with the series.     