 This would probably have been a good album if Brian Setzer's last trio album wasn't "Ignition". There's some good stuff here, but it just doesn't add up to his last performance. The sound is even more rockabilly with a large flare of oldies and country thrown in for good measure. The first half of the album is four-star material, but the rest of it lags, and nothing here adds up to the hits on "Ignition". Overall, "Nitro Burnin' Funny Daddy" isn't all that bad, but Setzer is capable of doing much better.  With the opening notes of "Sixty Years" the new Setzer trio comes out of the gates with a much more raw sound than the previous album. The guitar is loud and dirty with a good rhythm to get your feet a stompin'. Spaz Hatton fills in the bottom with the thick strings a boomin', but the double-base work of Mark Winchester is sorely missed on this album. The raw sound continues with "Don't Trust a Woman (In a Black Cadillac)". The speed is quick with several great fills from the "Ignition" returning Bernie Dresel, an incredible drummer. Setzer plays a little banjo for "When the Bells Don't Chime" more country than rockabilly, but another quick toe taper, but not nearly as dirty. Some good pickin' here. The instrumental, "Rat Pack" pretty much ends the four-star part of the album. This track is a playground for Setzer's pickin' ability with a lot of Chet Atkin's and Les Paul flavor. I wasn't impressed with "Ring, Ring, Ring", "Drink Whiskey and Shut Up," or "St. Jude". I did like the cover of "Wild Wind" made famous by Frankie Lane in the fifties. Setzer covers it well.  This album doesn't hold a candle to "Ignition", but that doesn't make it a bad album. It's good in its own right, but its difficult listening to something that is below what Setzer has shown he can do, and has done frequently. As what "Vavoom" was to the BSO, this is to his latest trio albums. I do want Setzer to keep moving forward with the trio sound and would quickly purchase the next trio album. I like the raw, dirty sound, but I'd like to see it at the level I know Setzer can create.     