 Steel is a lot more flexible than I am, and I consider being able to touch my knees an incredible feat. The idea of touching my toes without bending a knee has been nothing more than a dream, at least until I met Rodney Yee. My stiff body finds the idea of yoga intriguing. It's a known fact that flexibility adds to greater gains in strength and sports, plus everyone talks about the mental calming of yoga. When I came across Yee's DVD of "Power Yoga for Stamina, Strength, and Flexibility", the word "Flexibility" made me decide to try what yoga is about.  The DVD is separated into three workouts: Stamina, Strength and Flexibility, with each program more difficult than the previous one. The first time I tried the Stamina routine, which is the easiest of the three, I thought I had made a mistake in buying this DVD. The posses were rapid, the names of the posses were unknown to me, and my body tired quickly from bending in new directions. By the third day I could complete the routine, and after two weeks I had it memorized.  The big question is, "Does it work?". I've only been doing the stamina workout for a month on an every-other-day basis. In that time, I've gone from only being able to touch the top of my ankle in a one-legged forward bend to being able to grab my foot with both hands. That's an increase by 4-6 inches. Some of the posses I'm still too tight to perform properly, but with each passing day, I perform them a little more correctly. If you're inflexible, like me, moving from between posses may be difficult. For the life of me I cannot go from "Downward Facing Dog" or "Plank Position" into the "Lunge" in one simple step like Yee does. Instead, I have to step as far as I can, and then quickly readjust. Don't give up on this DVD because you don't perform the posses like Yee does. Just remember, he's a master and has been doing this for decades. I'm sure in fifteen years I'll be able to move into the Lunge with a simple step.  I don't feel this is like other exercise tapes where you slave to throw punches or jump around a step. This one shows results almost immediately, and it becomes addicting. Yoga is my favorite part of my workout. Once I started yoga I realized just how tight I really am. I have a long way to go before I can fold in half or put my feet behind my head, but I'm looking forward to what next month will bring.     