 Either you like Lee Ritenour, or you don't. Some think that his smooth jazz stylings are atrocity to the world of Jazz. Personally, I think he's a great guitarist with a good ear for music. He's not jazz hardliner, but he plays exceptionally well catching a mainstream audience. Ritenour has a good sense for phrasing, and although can be wild at times, he is reserved, saying more with the notes that he doesn't play than trying to fill a measure with every note possible. This album pulls thirteen tracks from nine previous albums spanning from 1979 to 1989. A multitude of playing styles are covered on this album, from funk to Latin.  This is definitely a collection of some of his best songs. "Rio Funk" gets right down to the funk with the opening baseline, and it keeps going through with the chunka-chunka guitar rhythm fills. Throw in the acoustic guitar sliding chords and the solo to get a very Latin sounding piece. I like his sound on "White Water" as he turns up the distortion a bit on the guitar, but keeps it to the background as not to be overwhelming to give a bit more edge to his song. The song lends itself to an airy sound, with well-phrased solos. "Asa" is another Latin sound piece, receiving a lot of help from Djavan's Spanish lyrics. The solo starts of with a good bass piece before Ritenour takes over for a few bars and is replaced by quick burst of timbales and horns. Another great Latin piece is "Latin Lover" with more acoustic picking and Spanish lyrics all backed by a great beat on the bongos. "Dolphin Dreams" is another airy piece, with a slow, sweet sax solo in the middle just right for romance.  I was introduced to Ritenour with his "Wes Bound" tribute to Wes Montgomery. A great album that made me pick up this one. Although slightly different, I have really enjoyed this album, and Ritenour's guitar work. Another great album along this line is his collaboration with guitar great Larry Carlton on "Larry and Lee". You can't go wrong with any of these three albums.     