 Robert Ludlum did a fantastic job coming up with a unique story. The book opens with Jason Bourne taking a bullet in the head on a boat in the middle of the Mediterranean Sea. He is rescued from the stormy waters by a group of fishermen who take him to the local doctor. The doctor repairs our man's wounds and nurses him back to health. When Bourne is finally awakes from his comma, he discovers that he doesn't remember a thing, not even his name. The doctor starts Bourne on his journey with a piece of microfilm with a Swiss bank account number on it, and the realization that Bourne's features have been changed recently by surgery and that he speaks three languages. We also find out that Bourne is deadly in the arts of hand-to-hand combat. If this isn't enough to get you reading, it's time to find a different genre of books to pursue.  Ludlum is a strong writer in the action, deception, and overall plot sense. Unfortunately, he is terrible at character interactions. The female character, Marie St. Jacques, and Bourne feel as if they were forced together by the author because it was the only way the story would work. There is very little tension between the two of them, even when she was with him against her will. She is also entirely too bright, able to guess many of the things from Bourne's past. I think Ludlum was concerned that his audience might lose their way, and Marie was there to give them the inside scoop. My only other complaint about the book is Bourne's ability to attract bullets. He has more holes in him than most cheeses.  The plot is good. There are several areas were it is a little weak, but the momentum of the book carries you through these areas before you realize that there is something wrong with it. This is a very good action thriller that will keep you reading well past your bedtime. Ludlum let's on Bourne's past in such a way that you keep reading to find out more about him. The Bourne character is fairly well developed, with quite a history behind him even though we only see it in brief glimpses. Bourne is a good problem solver and great manipulator. We learn a lot of Bourne's motivation even though we never quite understand what is behind the other characters' actions.  This seems like it might have been originally a complete book, but someone got the idea that this could easily be turned into a series. Therefore, the ending isn't as strong as it could be, leaving obvious gaps to be answered in the subsequent books. This is one of the better books that I've read in a long while. I do recommend it.     