 This fourth album by Alan Parsons explores the concept of women from many different points of view and states of mind. This is one of the least favourites for the own Parsons but that doesn't mind it's not as good as any other work. The overall feel of an adult and serious album can make the first listens a little bit dull, but after a while you'll discover the cleverness and the accuracy of arrangements, words and performance.  The opening theme, Lucifer, is an ovbious classic and gets dozens of cover versions from 'Synthesiser' CDs. Its intense rythm and the scary opening make it a very interesting song... and it's very ironic that the album based in the concept of women opens with a song such called. 'You Lie Down With Dogs' is that kind of song sung by Zakatek describing the problems of a relationship... just seems the continuing story of 'I Wouldn't Want o Be Like You', in fact that phrase is said at the end of the song. 'I'd Rather Be A Man' is another song with a load of mysoghinia that adds very psychedelic sequencers and a very nice drum rythm that will be repeated at 'Secret Garden'. 'Winding Me Up' is nicely sung by Chris Rainbow and contents a grand orchestral arrangement giving it a very baroque feel. 'damned if I Do' is undoubtedly the best vocal song of the album, with a very nice opening melody that has certain medieval feel. Lenny Zakatek sings in a very passionate feel and the guitarist Ian Bairnson plays a great and well developed guitar solo, keeping the awesome work he does over the whole record. 'Don't Hold Back' is more disposable, sounds a little far from any other Project song and the words look like taken from a cheap self-help book. 'Secret Garden' is my favourite from the album, that driving drum beat and the elegant and clever chorused piano have a sense of adventure enhaced by the orchestra. Then the pace changes and a magic vapor atmosphere appears with some "doobie-doobie-doo" voices not exent of humour... a guitar plays a cycling solo and with a quick drum bridge we appear again into the main melody. This is a very underrated instrumental wich I think is one of the best if not one of the most famous. The album appears with a classic Project ballad, this time well sung by the delicate voice of Leslie Duncan. A dramatic and beautiful repeating solo from Ian Bairnson sets end to this record. Not one of the best from Alan Parsons Project, but still a must hear for anybody interested in the band, for the high quality of arrangements, the great work of Ian Bairnson, and great songs like 'Damned If I Do', 'Secret Garden' or 'Winding Me Up'. And adult album as well.     