 With this smoother, deeper and even religious-flavoured album the Alan Parsons Project culmined a superb string of 10 records that made history in Symphonic Rock. The concept about it is the life of Catalan architect Antonio Gaudi that was a very misunderstood artist and is curiously been studied by the Vatican for beatification. Alan Parsons said on a review that they studied Gaudi's life and they wanted to make a record with the type of music they guessed he would like.  'La Sagrada Familia', with its long introduction that adds a speech from Alan Parsons, many sounds like horses, helicopters and city sounds and a beautiful opening electric piano, lasts almost 9 minutes and is one of the biggest highlights from all the Project. The superb leading vocals of John Miles, the epic feel of either lyrics and orcherstrations and the great guitar work of Bairnson and Cottle on electric guitar and saxophone turn this song into a spectacular epic not so commercial or famous because of its length, but with as much quality as the best works from Pink Floyd or Dire Straits... 'Too Late' is for me the best Project song together with 'One More River' sang by the eccentric vocalist Lenny Zakatek. The song speaks about the anger of disappointment of a person speaking to other about their unbalanced relation. The prominent electric guitars and the superb distorted solo from Ian Bairnson make this song a perfect rocker full of power and quality. 'Closer to Heaven' is a beautiful ballad with a very original, pulsy rythm and a very sensitive singing by Eric Woolfson. Again the saxophone and guitar work together creating a wonderful and sublime instrumental part. Also, the beautiful accordions in the chorus add sentiment to the song. The very synthesised and 80s sounding 'Standing on Higher Ground' adds a lot of freshness and rythm to the album. It is a song that goes in crescendo and includes a short but outstanding overdubbed guitars solo. The end is really intense and guitars and voices scream in a very enthusiastic and delirious mood. The rocker 'Money Talks' is more disposable and predictable and speaks about the traps of money all we now in a too shallow way. 'Inside Looking Out' is a very sublime, almost heavenly ballad, showing I suppose some of the dreams and wanderings of Antonio Gaudi, with some beautiful words in the chorus:  'Now is the hour and the moment Don't let the chance go by Your ship is sailing with the high tide And all your dreams are on the inside On the inside looking out' The last piece, 'Paseo de Gracia' is more than only the instrumental version of 'La Sagrada Familia'. The city sounds, synthesisers and church bells at the beginning create an atmosphere of either dream and reality, and the great flamenco guitar performance from Ian Bairnson add a last Spanish flavour to the album, the anecdote being they didn't know the historic and political difference of Catalonia and the rest of Spain at that moment, and the adding of castanets and flamenco guitar annoyed the Catalans a lot 'cos they felt it as a misunderstanding of their own musical and cultural traditions... Apart from the anecdote, this is a great close for this record, that appears to any listener as a masterpiece and one of the best conceived and more serious Alan Parsons Project albums.     