 Torcuato Mariano is a great guitarist in a country of great guitarists (Brazil). This second work from him is a trip over all the reigns of guitar styles you can imagine, but the thing that really matters is the exquisite quality of the guitar work, arrangements and composition of each track. This album is a very must hear for everybody who likes guitar, no matter which style (except if it's too hard thrash metal about). The jump of quality from the first album, 'Paradise Station', which I rather dislike, is enormous, and the thing opens with this drumming beats that start 'Africa'. The thing developes until you feel submerged in a very nice and fresh atmosphere full of different influences flying in the air. The song is simply fantastic and Mariano sings along with his Spanish guitar in a very Metheny-esque style. Not to forget the musical roots of the American come in grand part from Brazilian guitar jazz. The second song is a very uplifting one and the enthusiastic Spanish guitar that flies above the driving rythm simply drives me crazy. Torcuato sings along again with the guitar during the chorus in what is one of the most joyful and enthusiastic melodies you've ever heard. 'Last Look' is a beautiful piece of romantic melancholic acoustic guitar. The next two pieces are very uplifting and groovy with a funk style.  But it is the song six, 'Secrets', the one that will take you by complete surprise. Torcuato Mariano plays a Satriani-Steve Vai heavy metal style with a quality any of these chaps' followers would love. The elegance and style of the first notes and the entry of the guitar are perfect. The crescendo of the song puts you in a very melodic heavy metal chorus, and many different distorted guitars replace one another until the last climax. A great work of rock.  The next two songs are much moodier, the beautiful 'Ocean Way' drives you to almost feel the sea breeze with a very nice acoustic guitar and 'Walking on Clouds' is a very dreamy, soundscaping song with a beautiful cyclyc acoustic guitar melody and a very expressive fretless bass.  The last song, 'Dindi' is a classic jazz Brazilian composition well adapted and a very melancholic but beautiful end for the record. Every person that loves guitar music must listen to this work.     