 One of the best albums from The Alan Parsons Project, my feel to it is an inverse to 'Ladyhawke' film. If the lattest was a rock soundtrack for a medieval film, this resembles to quote modern life with many medieval musical elements. The proof of that is the opening horns in 'May Be a Price to Pay'. A superb instrumental introduction leads to the strong voice of Elmer Gantry. The words add also a medieval thematic speaking about sorcerers, masters and servants. There's a great orchestral part in the middle with very much melisma and a big feel of adventure!! The next song, 'Games People Play' is a good hit sung by Lenny Zakatek, a very dynamic pop-rock song. 'Time' is a classic and the first attempt of Eric Woolfson as a lead vocalist. It's a very deep and dramatic song, enforced by the beautiful orchestral arrangements. 'I Don't Wanna Go Home' is the classic crazy song in every record of the Project, properly sung by the expressive and theatric Lenny Zakatek. The second side is even better. 'The Gold Bug' is a very interesting instrumental that goes in crescendo with some instruments being gradually added, like saxophone, haunting voices and synthesisers. It was almost copied in the next album with 'Mammagamma' but this is much more genuine and authentic. The next is a suite of 5 movements. 'The Turn of a Friendly card' is two versions of a beautiful ballad, the first more narrative and the last more dramatic and based in the instruments. 'Snake Eyes' is the most evident song touching the theme of gambling. 'Ace of Swords'is another medieval musical reference to the whole, linking with the gambling theme. It's a very upbeating theme full of quality arrangements by Andrew Powell. And 'Nothing Left to Lose' is a little but wonderful ballad with very warm and consolating lyrics for the "defeated warrior". The end of the album is like pesimistic but with an optimistic look to the future. I don't know if there is really a conclusion to the album, but the feel at the end is a little bitter-sweet. Anyway, this is a masterpiece of symphonic rock and a good one for getting started with the Project, as well as 'Eye in the Sky'.     