 This is a step into something relatively new again for Mike Oldfield. He comes back with a very much calmer and nicer feel, leaving behind such different works as Tubular Bells III, Guitars and The Millennium Bell. The music is quite peaceful but still talented, if maybe simpler than almost any other of his works. It is very much more modern- sounding as well. The first song, 'Misty', dedicated to his lady horse of the same name, is a real delight, a very fresh opening to the album. A smart melody and rythm drives you on and the main melody of 'Tres Lunas' is played for the first time. So comes 'No Man's Land', a nice track inspired by the desert. 'Return to the Origin' is one of the best numbers Mike has made for ages. It's so refreshing and enthusiastic that it almost makes you feel like a child. You'll remember the best Mike's works for a second if you are a follower of his music. His sister sally repeats the word 'Return' while some great and expressive gyuitars flow freely over a deep and beating rythm. That's reaaly a wonder.  'Landfall' is a little wonder in itself. The repetitive piano takes you to a very sea- feeling atmosphere while guitars and other instruments play with the simple melody. 'Viper' is a very progressive track that follows a more than simple melody. It's full with original sounds.'Turtle Island' takes you to Spain in a very good sounding spanish guitar melody. This is the track in which that polemic "midi" saxophone fits the best. And so, the commercial 'To Be free', that's a real uplifter, with those beautiful lyrics: "My wish would be/ To be free, to be wild/ And to be just like a child". Simple, but so honest. The second half of songs is maybe more introspective and deep. 'Dragonfly' is another little marvel, with that shivery sound imitating the flipping of a dragonfly's wings. And so, one of the best tracks: 'Tres Lunas'. It is a great song, with many different styles of guitars. This is Mike Oldfield in his essence. As he said, the track is based on a strange world with three moons, and they are described in a cycle of a melody and chorus repeated three times. It is one of those Mike Oldfield's themes that reaaly take you to another place.  'Thou Art In Heaven' and 'Sirius' are much deeper and trancer tracks that need a few more listens to get into them, but they're almost more evocative than the rest. They have a very cosmic feel as well. The ending title, 'No Man's Land Reprise' is a very moody ending to the album. I expected something more joyful from a easy-listening album from the optimistic Oldfield. But it still sounds romantic and nostalgic, a beautiful duet by a guitar and a saxophone. The overall feeling of the album for anybody who knows Mike's works from the past, is an average work in his ranking but with some beautiful tunes that make you really feel Mike's more alive than ever. It sounds like a mixture from 'The Songs of Distant Earth' and 'Guitars'. A nice album to have.     