 I only have this and 'Rivers Gonna Rise' from Patrick O'Hearn but I look forward to get some more 'cos they're awesome. 'Eldorado' is much more of an exotic, world music oriented one, and has a little bit more deepness into its tracks, and a certain mystique dark feeling as well. 'Amazon Waltz' is a great and moving start with a very fast percussion rythm, an Amazon screams and chants while a gorgeus acoustic guitar works along a very well studied melody.  'Nepalese Tango' is a short but great mixture of synths, percussion and ethnic sounds, with a nice and happy ending.  'Black Delilah' sounds very Eastern with the violin and is a strange and moody track.  'Chattahochee Field Day' is a wonderful theme with a very driving drum beat rythm and a melancholic feel. The middle part is a burst of synthed pizzicatos and other sounds. The two basses, rythm and lead one, are very good. The follower is a friendly and fast song called  'The Illusionist' full of nice synths and percussions. Sounds a little bit like a children's TV program but that is good! The second side opens with a very, very weird song called 'One Eyed Jacks' (well, the title's not specially convencional thinking about it). It's a very funny song with a funny fretless bass answering some funny synth sounds.  'Hear Our Prayer' includes some Persian lyrics sung by a woman and there's a great bass work during the whole song. The next song,  'Delicate' is a little masterpiece. Starting with a gloomy and soft synthesiser arpeggio, the by chance delicate voice of a girl whispers an extremely beautiful melody and the voices multiply on the chorus creating a wonderful choir with a very spiritual feeling. This song is a very must hear, a gem in itself. I don't particularly like the title track,  'Eldorado', as I find it static and falsely grandious. It's for me the weakest part of the album. But the last song is probably the best one,  'There's Always Tomorrow'. Begins with a very sentimental acoustic guitar and has a terrific middle part where the synthesiser sounds unfold like a prayer, and the fretless bass plays a beautiful octaved bit... the end is magic 'cos an optimistic rythm breaks the sadness of the song, until it fades away leaving you with a sigh for the beautiful album you've heard...     