 The cd includes a full inlay card that tells you his story about his career and how his band mates laughed at him when he first recorded four weird tracks alone. Where are they now? It's a good idea to mix some B-sides,non-published material and first clas new stuff on an album. This mixture makes the album honest 'cos there's no filler to it. The first song, 'Time Machine' is one example of what I called "first class new stuff". A song made just as a prelude for his earlier works, really rocks with the varied classes of distorted, lead and rythm guitars. As melodic and hard as in his best works. The second song, 'The Might Turtle Head' makes you remember 'Potato Head Groove Thing' either for its title and the music. 'Thinking of You' is an extremely nice ballad in the vein  of 'Crying' and has even more feeling. I remember I recorded it on a tape as a romantic gift for a girl... flowers... OK. The 'Banana Mango's are great, even more the part two, eventually first in order, such a crazy and imaginative groove over a repetitive harmonics riff. About the four tracks from his first single I'll say they're very original and honest in their goals. Very experimental as well. 'Saying Goodbye' is a piece of beauty and a great work with many guitars sounding together. This is one of the most sensitive and soft songs an electric guitar has ever played. About 'Woodstock Jam' I'll just say it's suicidal just to keep hearing it over 14 minutes. Better switch the cds. Aaaaahhh!!! Come on!! the first riffs on 'Satch Boogie' crush your ears and you almost feel you're there!!! The best played tunes are... all of them. Just to say the songs he chose to include in the live cd are more than the right ones... I miss 'One Big Rush' although... sigh... The variation to 'Circles' is weird but nice and the great 'Echo' gets a full seven minute tribute in which the heavier parts of the song get so much extended. This is a great album!!! Studio and live, with nice ballads and crushing rockers, from experimental weirdos to classic hits... the best from him, obvious, because they're two!!!!     