 Well, it started happening with 'Eye in the Sky' but with this album the Project complete the approach to pop, which will go further on 'Vulture Culture' and will turn again into a more rocky, aggressive sound on 'Stereotomy'.   The opening is a great song, 'Prime Time' certainly similar to 'Eye in the Sky' but not so sentimental and more intense and emotional tho. 'Let Me go Home' is the classic "angry" Project song with Lenny Zakatek on vocals, this one better than some others in my opinion. 'One Good Reson' is a little funny song with a lot of Beatles flavour, and with Ian Bairnsons' guitar sounding a lot like George Harrison's. 'Since the Last Goodbye' is also a very lennonian composition, a wonderful ballad which has been sadly and unfairly underrated and ignored for the beauty of its complicated sequence of chords and of Chris Rainbow's vocals. 'Don't Answer Me' is a simple but beautiful ballad, but more obvious, with a beautiful movie/cartoon video.   The second side is almost as interesting as the first one. Opens with a strange and nice song called 'Dancing on a High Wire' sung by Colin Blunstone, who used to sing softer songs and ballads before this one. The nex one is the most disposable track, 'You Don't Believe' although the song was used for the first 'the best of' before the album was released. 'Pipeline' is a small instrumental gem with nice orchestration, minimalistic guitar and a certain Spanish feel. And the last son, 'Ammonia Avenue', probably the strongest track in the album, is a Project classic, a more than beautiful ballad nice sung by Eric Woolfson with a terrifying instrumental part in the middle. The album is not a masterpiece, but a good step forward since 'Eye in the Sky'. The structure of the album reminds reasonably to Dire Straits 'Brothers in Arms' being only 2 years ahead, and with a very accurate and varied group of 5 songs in side A, some weaker songs in side B and a big climax at the end with an epic ballad. Recommended for everybody.     