 This guy has some nice hard rock-heavy metal albums that I really like. Some of them are 'Extremist', 'Flying in a Blue Dream' and 'Time Machine'. One of the most varied is this one. The virtuose light-speed guitar solos and the fine compositions make this man standing as one of my favourite guitarists and even composers.  I don't know if this is the right record for getting started into his music, but some of his best stuff is here. The opening title is a brilliant rock song with a sense of dream, an emotional travel across a very nice drum beating and electric guitar melody. This song really makes you fly in a dream, whatever its colour is... the second one is a very original and fun piece, just as its title, 'Mystic Potato Groove Thing'.  A song that I really love is the vocal 'I Believe'. The lyrics are a little pretentious but optimistic, and he sings in a very honestly sounding way. Apart from this song, I find his singing in this album really awful, although I admit 'Big Bad Moon' has become a heavy metal classic.  There's a little marvel in here called 'Day At The Beach'. It's completely played with the tapping technic in a very quick guitar playing and the composition is really beautiful and original. The complexity and perfection of the playing makes me put this little, strange song among my favourites from Joe. The guitar is sorrounded by a new agey ambient that adds evocativeness to the song.  Another highlight is the gorgeous rocker 'One Big Rush'. This song is for me almost better than 'Satch Boogie', 'Summer Song' and 'Surfing With The Alien' all together. The rythm guitar intro is fantastic, not to speak about the main distortion melody and the quick changes in it... a real classic!!!!!!  There are some curious, little nice cuts like 'Headless' or 'The Feeling' that express the most spontaneous part of Joe's, who seems to improvise sometimes on his guitar and harmonica. The closing is majestic but maybe too evident, anyway a nice ending for a 17 song album that holds some of the best things you'll ever hear from Joe, and a couple of fillers as well.     