 Honestly, I've been a bit disappointed by the book. The reason why it made  this list, however, is that it makes us aware that human beings did not  appear as civilization builders. Indeed, civilization was only one of the  many experiments that humans tested in order to improve their lives. Quinn  shows us that many cultures tried this experiment at one point in their  history, but that they all gave it up because they quickly realized that  (1) this lifestyle pushed them to work more than ever before, and (2) it  favored an uncontrollable growth that put in danger their ecosystem.  Quinn's message is that it is time for us to do the same thing: it is now  obvious that our civilization does not work well at all, and it is on the  verge of being eliminated by natural selection (putting our ecosystem in  danger puts us in danger!). Thus, even though our cultural myths implicitly  tell us that civilization is the greatest accomplishment of human beings,  it is now time to realize it is not true and to walk away. Now the real  question is "How can we walk away?" Do not read this book if you  are just looking for easy and quick answers because you will not find them.  What Quinn proposes is to (1) become aware of our cultural myths (the  purpose of Ishmael), and (2) change them to a more sustainable mythology of  the way we live. Thus, by teaching our children and other people around us  about the failures of our own culture and the successes of other cultures,  we should be able to have a better vision of human life and how human  beings can live sustainably within the community of life. Quinn goes on  saying that the tribal way has been working for hundreds of thousands of  years, as it provides what people really need: A sense of belonging and of  purpose. He then gives a few examples of how people, nowadays, could form  small groups and start sharing their resources and monitoring their impact  on their environment. Their is real hope and a future for the human species  beyond civilization. Walk away from it and find your own creative ways to  adopt a sustainable lifestyle!     