 To be honest, I bought the game because I was getting tired of playing Tekken and all the other games I'm interested in are not being released until January. I was a big fan of Hot Shot golf and thought it might be nice to get a golf game for the PS2. The game is fun - very fun, I think. It was extremely difficult getting used to at first; there is a very sharp learning curve initially because the documentation on simply "how to play" just isn't in the game - neither in the books nor during the "lessons". However, once you get the hang of the controls the game becomes quite enjoyable and mildly addicting. After about a week of recreational play (I typically play for about 45 mins until my wife tells me it's time to eat/clean/"do something constructive"), the learning curve completely disappears and it becomes almost overly easy. However, the 'Gran Turismo'-esque simulation mode is quite addictive...I would definitely recommend it. Pros: Fun interface without being cute, lots of replay value, a LOT of different multi-player capabilities (typical stroke and match play, but also skins, sudden-death, long-drive, and betting capability), the course generator builds completely new courses ON THE FLY (adds TONS to replay value), and the weather pattern will actually change during course play (not just between holes, but between strokes on a hole...adds some new challenge). Scenery, weather, water...awesome! Cons: The game does not explain itself well (I still don't know what "H/S" means on one of the 'rating' charts) at all and the in-game characters can get really annoying when you're not doing well. The caddies kinda stink (but the only game with caddies I liked was 'Hot Shots (1)') and the bgm music is vry limited (read as beat your head against the wall repetative). All in all, a much better than average golf game for a console. Fun for friends and wives, and for people who aren't golf fanatics IRL (I'm not and many of my friends aren't, but the ones who are really enjoy the game as well). And even though the interface is clunky at first, it's quite enjoyable after you beat the learning curve out. IMHO, three things keep it from being a five-star: bgm music, ingame character attitude, and explanation of what-the-heck some of the stuff in the game means. I hope you enjoy, I did...well worth the [price].     