 What can I say? I really like this camera! I'm a 35mm photo-hobbiest that previously owned/used a Mavica FD-81, and was looking for something that was smaller, faster, and took cleaner pictures. I originally was looking at the S50, but with that model on it's way out (being replaced by the S55 possibly, depending on sales of the P50...I'm told), I looked into (and bought) this model. This camera may actually begin to replace my 35mm. First off, the camera's lens takes some excellent pictures: clarity, color, etc. Combined with the tons of manual override features, it gives me the visual control I found lacking in other models (you can even disable the digital zoom altogether, a big feature for me). And the LCD capabilities also stand out against the competitors: (1) you don't have to use it (a view window is provided, which is centered to the lens...so you really get what you see) and this almost triples your battery life, and (2) LCD image review allows you to zoom in/out of pictures to verify that you got the details you were looking for. Expansion speaking, Sony uses the memory stick technology in their cameras (I can share my 64 MB sticks between my mp3 player and this), it has a slot to attach a more professional model flash, and the camera lens supports add-ons. As well, the speed is phenominal - it takes the pictures quick...and you don't have to half-press the button to focus before you take the pic...just press once and it'll auto-focus and take the picture on it's own. There are only two real downsides of note to the S75: (1) size and (2) ease of image distribution. There are a lot of cameras out there that are both smaller and lighter; however, I found this model to have the same size and feel as my Nikon 35mm, so that didn't bother me. As well, I miss being able to use the straight-to-disk feature of the Mavica. Also, beware - out of the box it's set to 2048x1536 fine (which will blow up to poster-size without pixilating, BTW) - which will eat up the 8MB stick in about 5 pics...reducing it down to 1280x960 let me fit a lot more before I upgraded my memory stick. If size and weight is your ultimate selling point, take a look at the P1 or the P50; but if you want the pictures and the control of a real 35mm, this is definitely the camera for you.     