 If your family is perfect in every way, you don't need this book. Everyone else is sure to find something important and helpful in this epic survey of the American family.  Had it been fiction, you'd have to compare it to a novel that takes on American culture, religion and history, with humor, an intriguing plot and some fascinating characters-you know, a book like THE ROAR OF THE HUNTIDS. (Hey, I know my recent novel isn't as famous as WAR AND PEACE, but for some reason it comes to mind.)  JOINED AT THE HEART includes real-life stories about families who overcame problems, with vivid word portraits supplemented by photos. Consequently, reading the book feels like thumbing through your family photo album except that, frankly, the snapshots are better. And you can't help noticing that your family has become more diverse than usual.  After each family's story, its main problem is put in a social, economic or historical context, followed by lively commentaries that sum up the latest knowledge from top historians, psychology experts, and so forth. Sometimes there also are anecdotes from the authors, such as Tipper Gore's hilarious menopause story.  Altogether, I found the writing impressive: deceptively simple, with an enormous amount of knowledge made readable. (Remember, Gore was a journalist before he turned to politics. Fellow writers, you could get your money's worth from this book based on its style alone. I relished the graceful, flawless transitions, paragraph after paragraph. My next transition, I'll warn you, isn't one.) As a reader, as well as a book reviewer, there's one form of hypocrisy that I find completely baffling. Why are so many alleged literary authorities disdainful of self-help books? Isn't one of the highest purposes of reading to learn how to make your life better? So how come all other types of non-fiction are categorically presumed to have superior merit? Here in D.C., our WASHINGTON POST won't review a self-helper at all, unless its a mega bestseller; then, in the guise of a book review, the POST will deign to rip it to shreds. If it weren't for the self-help stigma, JOINED AT THE HEART might have been angled more as a self-help book. Tipper's skill as a psychologist shines through these pages anyway. And any reader whose family life isn't perfect should have no difficulty with finding practical insights. Personally, I found many ideas that will make me a better wife and mother. My Aha! bell kept clanging away.  American families, like our society and world, are joined whether we like it or not. Are we going to hobble through life together like members of a chain gang? This magnificent book by the Gores could help us all learn a better way -- to walk through life with dignity and joy, remembering that we can be joined at the heart.     