 "Meditation on the Divine Self" exercise is my favorite technique from this juicy, lively book. But it's crammed with useful understandings and wise advice.  One of the most significant things about this marvelous book is how the co-authors give anecdotes about experiences with prayer-results they achieved, miracles initiated by their prayer students-yet there's never the feeling of bragging. As a lifelong reader, plus someone who worked professionally as a book reviewer for six years, I can't tell you how rare this is. Of course, if you're discerning about the tone of books, you don't need me to because you know exactly what I'm talking about.  Because I've been a fan of Chrissie's writing for a number of years, and know her personally a bit through emails, I chanced to learn that the proceeds of this remarkable book are donated to the spiritual organization for which she has served as a minister for decades, the Aetherius  Society.   Trust Chrissie and Gary NOT to trumpet this fact on the jacket or make it a big deal in the promotion of the book. That speaks for their uncommon integrity, too. Many an author or publisher has bragged about giving part a book's profits to a worthy cause, using the charity (however miniscule the percentage) as a means to gain media attention and turn buyers' sales resistance into mush. Here, quietly, they're giving it all away. May this remarkable book make a million for the Aetherius Society! And may seven million dollars more come back to Chrissie and Gary!  One of my favorite parts of the Bible, in the Book of Matthew, concerns the sanctity of prayer when done directly to God, without bragging. Those who boast about their holiness and good deeds are said get their rewards on earth, not in heaven. From the behavior of many so-called Christians, you wouldn't know they'd read this central bit of scripture, would you?  But Chrissie and Gary walk their talk. Whatever your religious path, this jewel of a book can add to your crowning glory--which, contrary to conventional wisdom-is NOT your hair.   Before and after trying their prayer techniques, try reading the festival of light shining out of your body, including the crown chakra at the top of your head.   I recommend doing this because it's a real way to gauge the authentic power of this book. Using a technique for spiritual discernment-"Finding a New Church Home," in my how-to, "Aura Reading Through All Your Senses," I can tell you that results in my own aura prove unquestionably that POWER PRAYER really is powerful.   I'm so grateful for this book. If you're considering buying it, don't hesitate. May you, too, find results from this inspired, generous and wonderfully practical book.     