 In his book America at D-Day: A Day of Remembrance, Richard Goldstein brings readers back to a horrific day when thousands of mothers lost sons and countless wives lost husbands, June 6, 1944, D-Day. He graphically portrays a day when many troops had all but accepted the fact they would be traveling home in a body bag. Although troops on both sides had fears and apprehensions, Goldstein focuses solely on the Allied invasion forces consisting of the United States, Great Britain, and Canada. He depicts the Germans as ruthless monsters who would hide in churches and pick off red cross workers as they cared for wounded soldiers (99-100). In my eyes, his failure to recognize the Germans view diminishes the book's credibility. It should be viewed, not as a history book, but rather a book celebrating the Allies courage and resolve on a horrific day. 	Each of the fourteen, easy to read chapters, deal with a different facet of D-Day. While one chapter deals with pre-invasion planning, another tackles post invasion reaction around the world. Every chapter contains a summary of one part of the invasion with first hand accounts mixed in. The stories really add a personal touch to the book. I particularly remember the story of Captain Richard "Lucky" Merrill. Soon after hitting the beach, Merrill would remove a folding shovel protruding from his vest and notice, "...a bullet hole through the shovels wooden handle...a round had entered three inches from his back" (190). Like many other war books, the author relies on a chronological approach to summarizing the invasion. He does not confuse the reader by jumping from one skirmish to the other. I feel this is a good strategy to keep the reader interested in what is happening in the book. At times, I could not put down the book; I wanted to keep reading to see how each assault would play into the larger offensive. 	The best parts of the book deal with the actual invasion itself. I never realized the tremendous amount of obstacles the Allies had to penetrate in order to liberate France. A surprising number of things went wrong on D-Day. It was only through the tremendous determination that the American, British, and Canadian soldiers were able to achieve success. A real highlight of the book are the wonderful pictures Goldstein chose to accompany the text. He puts faces to the names which serves to bring an emotional involvement and attachment to the soldiers. The pictures show remarkable contrast from the beginning to the end of the book. They go from happy boys cleaning their guns, to expressionless men piling up their own friends on the beaches of Normandy. While I could never go through the emotions the troops were going through, I could at least see the sights they saw. 	Although the book is strong on some points, it does have its weak points. The book is decidedly pro-American. The main focus of the book is to honor the Allied soldiers. If you are looking for a non bias account of D-Day, this is not it. While I did expect this coming from an American author, it would have been nice to have another perspective to the battles. What were the Germans thinking when they saw thousands of ships, guns ablaze off the coast of Normandy? I am sure the German troops were just as afraid as the American troops, yet Goldstein chose to ignore them. Another fault of the book is Goldstein's reliance on, "...the actual words of the soldiers, journalists, sailors, and medics who were cast upon the beaches of France" (1). While this is a good way to provide the inside information on D-Day,  some of its authenticity has to be questioned. It is human nature to exaggerate about events, especially fifty years after the fact. 	Richard Goldstein had a formidable challenge: take one of the most important days in American history and condense it into 300 pages. Although the book is not a true historian's account of D-Day, it is a good tribute to the fallen Allied soldiers. For writing about an event that occurred over 50 years ago, he did a very good job of invoking emotions out of me. I learned things about D-Day that I had no clue about. I found out courage is a great thing to have, but luck is better     