 Kheaven [k-os] was probably first commonly heard on the Rascalz track "On top of the World" and after that I really did not think much of him. The song was incredible but his flow was not that well defined by the song and I seem to remember thinking he was annoying. Then a year or so later I heard "Heaven Only Knows" on Muchmusic just at around the time I was becoming FED UP with the popification of much hip-hop. Even Swollen Members were beginning to sell-out with the re-release of Bad Dreams. In other words I was becomming very disgruntled with the hip-hop scene in general until it so happened that I found the whole EXIT album for download on a website. I always thought taking whole albums w/o intent to buy was stealing but I just told myself I would delete it when Im done listening. BUT I COULDNT STOP!!! Probably the most refreshing CD I own and I often feel for Americans just because it would be much harder for them to come across it. Easily every song brings something new and unexpected not just in style and delivery but even in genre. K-os easily flips betweem soft rock, R&B, and straight hip-hop sometimes all three in the same song. By far the thing that impressed me most of Kheaven was the voice this above-par Emcee had that just places him head-over-heels above anyone else. I went to a concert of his and highschool friend of his [Kamau, who does the answering machine freestyle at the end of track 10] to realize that this voice was not just studio produced as well but as natural as the rain. He broke into his show singing his own version of "Yesterday" and was the best concert I ever went to for only [$$$]!!! Oh yeah...did I mention he plays guitar and produces much of his own stuff too because he refuses sampling out of honour and love for his father?  Honestly though, despite this highly romanticized review, this guy is a total package and in buying this CD (if you are not afraid of a different brand of hip-hop) will be the best money you have ever spent. In retrospect I would have easily paid twice as much.     