 This is the first book I've read from Trista, and it wont be my last. Now, in the past, I would write a short review on a book, simply telling if I liked it or not. I don't normally write this much in book reviews, but this was the only book that interested me enough to review while finishing it up. Maybe it's because the story takes place in the state of which I live; Florida. The beginning of the story is told through the eyes of a fly. "Already an interesting twist." It introduces itself at the end of the chapter. The story is formatted to appear to be told from the end, to the beginning. "Another creative twist." Each chapter titled is referred to as "situation, how clever is that, huh?" The main characters have his and her own point of view of each chapter, that moves the story along. Sexually frustrated Paige Patrick of West Dade Senior High, is Theodore Lakewood's English teacher. When Paige's husband, coach Craig Johnson, gave her an STD, twice, she knew she needed to leave him, but like so many women, she continued to stay. She couldn't seem to break free from his intoxicating sex. It wasn't until she saw him at a bar, flirting with a blonde-haired woman, who seems to be delighted by his charm, she was able to call it quits. Although, after her twenty-five thousand dollar divorce settelement, her and Craig would still get together for sex. She began to gain a lot of weight, and eventually became bitter. She was called by her students, mean Ms. fatrick. She decided to get back into shape, and joined a gym. In the process, she befriended the math teacher of West Dade high. Handsome six foot two or three inches tall, Mr. Doran Bess. He later became her workout partner. The star of the West Dade High School basketball team, Theodore Lakewood, better known as Theo was popular in the Dade community. Theo was raised in a single family home, along with his little brother Kevin. His outspoken mother worked hard to keep both of her sons in line, and Theo knew and appreciated this. He also knew his see him one day, and gone the next minute father, Theodore Brown, contributed very little to the family. Young Theo only wanted nothing to do with him. His aim and focus were to not let his mother down. Not only was Theo popular in the community, but he was also popular with the honeys. I guess it's because of his height, so he says. The six foot nine inches tall, 230 pounds of brown, sexy eighteen-year-old, all man was what got the girls excited; of course, they were getting the excitement from speculating below the belt. The drama between Paige and Theo, in their lives seems to unknowingly draw them to one another. Their quest for the desired opposite sex were similar. When they got together, the chemistry between the two were explosive. I found the story humorous at times. In every chapter, the characters would always manage to slip in a joke or two, and do something that'll have me laughing out loud through the read. So I say, lookout Zane, Trista Russell is at your heels on this one. I recommend Ms. Trista Russell for your next read.     