 Songs for Drella is not your standard Pop affair.  It is not soft, not chewable, doesn't have a moderate drumbeat and sickening sweet singing. Drella isn't even your typical Lou Reed/Velvet Album - there are no really  catchy tunes, no long guitar solos, little angst. What Songs for Drella  is is simply a beautyful, personal theme album, written by two of Pop  music's most able artists, to morn and settle their affiars with Andy  Warhol. The songs are not really a biography od Warhol, but rather Warhol  as experienced through Lou Reed and John Cale's eyes... which is why the  many of the songs are written from Lou's perseptive and why there is little  reference to Warhol's like between 1970-1987. But what you have is  powerful in a melodic way.  I heard a live version of the opening song,  Small Town, with drums and all, but it didn't convey the power the album  version does.  "When you grow up in a small town, you know you grow  down in a small down". The album continues to demonstrate the wit  and power of the three main figures:  Reed, Cale and Warhol.  Some of the  best lyrics Reed, one of the best poets in Rock, has ever written, are in  this album.  In "The trouble with the Classicists" he declares:   Trouble with a classicist, he looks at a tree, that's all he sees, he  paints a tree/ trouble with a classisict, he looks at the sky, he doen't  ask why, he just paints the sky" there are violent moments in this  album - Reed declaring in 'I Believe', when talking about Valierie Solanes  "I believe... there's got to be some retribution... I would have  pulled the plug on her myself"  there is also self examination: in the  very same song, Reed quotes Warhol as saying "Where were you, you  didn't come to see me/  Andy said I thought I died, why didn't you come to  see me" Sometimes the album is sad : when Cale as Warhol whisphers  "I was... forever changed" or when Lou claims "Sometimes I  think what would Andy have said" and there's that humor, because the  line continues "He'd probably say you think too much that's because  there's work you don't want to do" THE highlight of the album,  though, is the last, beautiful song: "Hallo its me".  Probably  the best quiet song Reed has ever written.  Its tragic, its  powerful. Drella isn't Transformer.  It isn't Ecstsy.  But it is no less  unique, and no less powerful.     