 One must truly admire the men and women in the Hugp convention, who chose to give this book the Hugo award for best novel.  I'm a long lasting science fiction fan( the kind that get notious everytime someone calls I,  Robot 'Sci-Fi' and that shudders to the sight of movie tie ins).  I've had  my disagreements with the Hugo award decisions, of course, but I had the  notion that I knew what they were looking for.  Now I know I don't. I  honestly don't know what the common, plot oriented reader can truly get out  of Blue Mars.  This is not an attempt to grude against the novel, but  simply a statement - people like me, who like plot oriented tales, who like  characters which are -I can't seem to find the word:  passionate, perhaps,  or passionly written - well, I don't think you'd find this kind of thing  here.  I'm certain even the most faithful fan of this book won't call it a  page turner, and won't discuss the brilliance of the plot.  As for the  characters, I personnal cared but for few of them, Sax, Nadia, maybe even  Michael and Ann.  I still feel that the most fascinating characters - John,  and to a greater extent Frank and Andrey(sp?) - were terminated before  their time. It is a subjective statement, I admit, but one that I think  is shared by many.  Sure, avid fans might ignore it rushly, but I do think  the great amount of people who find the characters less than appealing  indicates something, not so much about the quality of the writing but of  the author's intention. This is not, as one could think, a Novel of  ideas.  I do not have the background to challange Mr. Robinson's  speculations about physics, chemistry or biology, but at least the economic  theory Robinson proposes is shallow, a collection of phrases and slogans  and mixture of philosophies that creates the world he envisions. I think  this might be the secret for Robinson's success.  For if Ursula K Leguin's  The Dispossed was an ambigious utopia, this is a mysterious, science  fictional one.  I think Mr. Robinson created the future as a land of hard  science fiction - where it is science fiction, not science, that transforms  the world. In the Foundation trilogy, Asimov's imaginary science  revolutionizes the world, but the science is never exposed in details.  In  the Mars trilogy Robinson created a science fictional science, and a  science fictional Utopia - a world that is changed by the fictional  creation of a science. I think I can see how this is appealing to the  hard core science fiction fan.  The creation of not only the universe in  which the science change the world, as Asimov did, but also of the science  itself. Alas, this vision is not my vision, and the book, an ode for this  science fictional science, is not one I can truly enjoy.     