 Along Came Polly is a movie that does so many things wrong it should be an utter failure.  Through miracles of acting and pacing and some funny gags, the end result is a romantic comedy that although slight and flawed, is also charming, somewhat witty and very watch able. Reuben Feffer (Ben Stiller) is an uptight man who lives a perfectly planned life.  A shock after he catches wife cheats on him in his honey moon with his scuba diving instructor ("They still had their flippers on" he later recounts) leads him to pursue a romance with free spirit Polly Prince (Jennifer Aniston) who upsets his organized, yappy life. The worst failure of the film is that it is entirely Stiller's movie.  Romantic comedies should have two protagonists, each working on their own problems, with the romance as the solution to both of their problems.  But we never get any insight into Aniston's character.  Is she dissatisfied with her life?  What does she find in Reuben's character?  There are hints of a back-story (a one line reference to Polly's father having another family) suggesting that there might have been a plotline edited out, but as it is, we know nothing.  I believe that short of two short-short scenes, Aniston never appears on screen without Stiller. The interaction between Reuben and Polly is too limited, too.  One moment they are on the verge of breaking up, the next one they (predictably) have sex for the first time.  After that, we never see their relationship change of deepens. They never get closer together.  The status quo remains till the very end. Furthermore, when the inevitable complication rise (the return of Reuben's wife) it feels mandatory and not a natural part of the plot.  It feels as if the scriptwriter put the complications in there, and did not know what to do about it. Then there is a silly sub plot about Leland Van Lew (Bryan Brown), the man whom Reuben has to insure.  Leland lives a dangerous life, and the joke is that he's uninsurable.  So we get many scenes where Leland does crazy, dangerous things, while Reuben watches.  Some of the gags are funny, but the subplot never goes anywhere - it could have ended in five minutes or continued indefinitely. Finally, there are far too many gross jokes, which are only occasionally funny, and suit better a dumb-and-dumber style movie then a cute romantic comedy. Nonetheless, the film has several advantages, which make it watch able despite the flaws.   Chief among them is Philip Seymour Hoffman, playing Stiller's best friend, a has-been actor trying to outlive his fame.  His subplot get relatively a lot of attention, and is very amusing (climaxing in a scene when he insists on playing both Jesus and Judas in 'Jesus Christ Superstar'). Then there are several funny and cute jokes.  Among them, everyone knows about Reuben's misfortune with his wife, funny scenes when Philip Hoffman replaces Stiller for a day in the office, and some really great gags about Polly Prince's blind ferret.  There are also cute references to Friends - Like Rachel, Aniston's alter ego in the TV show, Polly is a terrible waitress, and like Ross, Aniston's love interest in that TV show, Reuben makes comparative lists of Polly and his ex-wife on his laptop. Finally, the acting all around is solid.  Stiller and Anniston have enough (...) tension and charisma to make good romantic comedy heroes. For all the criticism, I did enjoy 'Along Came Polly', and that's what counts, right?     