 John C. Waugh's book is billed as an account of the 20th election campaign of the United States, between Union (Republican) candidate and incumbent President Abraham Lincoln and Democrat George B McClellan.  But in truth, it is a narrative of the politics of 1864 in Washington, with the election playing a central, but not supreme, role.  'Reelecting Lincoln' thus tells the tale of the numerous political clashes that took place that year.  It occasionally moves away from the Capital, reporting events in the Eastern Front, in Chicago convention, or even in Richmond, but the focus is clearly on the politics in Washington.  Waugh uses the terms 'cover' and 'report' to describe what he does in this book, arguing that he treats the election of 1864 as if it was a current day election.  Indeed, the best thing about Waugh's book is that it demonstrated the messiness and doubt that affected the people at the time.  Wild schemes to replace Lincoln as President, to nominate Grant, Chase or Benjamin Butler, or to change the party tickets, were all in the air.  Waugh gives the audience a good sense of Washington's confusion in 1864 - without opinion polls, with on and off communication with the rest of the country, and with a war that seems to go good and bad unexpectedly, 1864 seemed much less certain then it does in retrospect.  Although Waugh's book is very readable, I would hesitate calling any book well written if it contained lines such as "Her beautiful head rested upon perhaps the most perfectly swanlike neck in the country" (p. 42).  Waugh has an irritating tendency to describe, in great detail, the physical appearance of virtually every character he introduces, never mind how minor he or she is to the account.  These descriptions slow the book down considerably - he spends the better part of three pages describing Abraham Lincoln (pp. 76-78).  Perhaps because Waugh is a journalist and not a historian, his approach to the questions of historiography is somewhat nave.  Waugh says that "it really happened that way" (p. x) but of course it's more complicated then that - the problems of selection and emphasis are inherent in any account.  For example, the most important cause for Lincoln's victory in the election were the Northern military triumphs late in the summer - but Waugh dedicated only 4 pages to describe them (pp. 295-8).  When describing the relations between Lincoln and the Radicals, Waugh seems to lean against the currently accepted interpretation, which emphasizes the agreement between Lincoln and the Radicals in face of Democratic, and especially copperhead, opposition.  Unforgivable is the absence of maps, especially given the long account of Jubal Early's ultimately pointless raid on Washington (chapter 18).  The description of the Wilderness campaign would also have benefited from a map.  'Reelecting Lincoln' was the first narrative history I've read of the 1864 political situation in Washington, barring James McPherson's classic "Battle Cry of Freedom".  As a narrative of those times, it gets the job done - but I can't recommend it to a more general audience     