 In 'Reinventing Darwin', Niles Eldredge presents the view of a different side of the issues presented by what he calls 'Ultra-Darwinists', the likes of Richard Dawkins and Maynard Smith.  As such, it raises an important contribution to our understanding of natural history, and is essential for anyone interested in current debates inside of Neodarwinism. Perhaps the most striking thing about 'Reinventing Darwin', is how little attention Eldredge pays to the design of actual animal bodies and behaviors.  Richard Dawkins's books, for example, are filled with explanation of various complex and semi-designed things - such as altruism in 'The Selfish Gene'.  'The Blind Watchmaker' is entirely devoted to the question of how things like wings, eyes and legs are formed by natural selection. Eldredge, on the other hand, is hardly ever interested in these issues.  He does make a halfhearted attack on the 'Panglossian' kind, which is associated with Gould, but Eldredge had little to do with the paper about the Arches of San Marino.  Eldredge readily concedes that the great majority of animal features are formed by natural selection (p.48). So what is the focus of Eldredge book, and the main line of critique of the Ultra-Darwinists?  The answer is the larger patterns of natural history.  Eldredge believes that the history of life is not just the principles of natural selection extrapolated.  Rather, Eldredge believes that in the large scale, there are different principles that govern life, additions to simple natural selection. Eldredge is most convincing when he discusses the importance of species as players in evolution.  Eldredge points out that within species, different groups ('demes') can evolve differences from the main group, but that species are normally one reproductive entity, and that thus small differences get merged back into the species average.  Thus only when a distinct reproductive body is formed (usually by geographical separation from the main group), evolution can create a new species.   This form of higher level evolution seems logical and natural.  However, Eldredge arguments about higher level selection (species selection) is not very clear, convincing, or forcefully argued.  The best of what Eldredge does promote is Elizabeth Vrba's theory, that species often exist in a more general archetype and in unique, specialized species.  Vrba found out that there is a higher level of specification from those specialized species than the more general group.  Eldredge argues that this is because the more specialized species, when moving to a different environment, face stronger evolutionary pressure.  This he called 'Species Sorting', and this (as opposed to the argument that there is competition between various animal species and Taxas), I find easy to accept.  I do wish that Eldredge would elaborate on empirical ways to verify his conclusion.  Indeed, the book as a whole could benefit from more attention to how the differences between Ultra-Darwinists and Naturalists can be tested empirically.   Finally, Eldredge turns his attention to ecosystem and to Richard Dawkins concept of selfish genes.  Eldredge argues that Ultra-Darwinists have turned natural selection from a passive to an active player.  In Dawkins's scheme, natural selection shapes gene so that they will influence the environment. So that there are genes 'for' beaver dams and for reading.  Eldredge puts against this a model in which the environment effects the genes via natural selection, and the genes effect the environment via the organism. To me, this a distinction without a difference, although Eldredge thinks that it betrays a great conceptual failure of Ultra-Darwinism.  He tries to illustrate this with the example of human sociobiology.  Eldredge does prove that the selfish gene perspective is not enough to explain human behavior, but this is beside the point.  Eldredge readily concedes that few Ultra-Darwinists are hard core genetic determinists (p.212).  How is that possible?  Because, as Dawkins discusses in 'The Selfish Gene' and elsewhere, humans, alone from all animals, have culture.  Thus, if Eldredge wishes to attack the 'Selfish Gene' theory, he should pick a different target.  I have not, perhaps, been as kind to this book in this review as I meant to be.  Whether or not I agree with specific conclusions by Eldredge, this remains a well written, well argued, and fascinating book.     