 There are three points about Wild Cards 6: Ace in the Hole, which perhaps make me unfairly biased against it. The First is that this is a Mosaic Novel, meaning that there are lots of authors, each writing a short part (  between a few paragraphs to a few pages, usually), and than leaving the  stage for someone else.  I'm not particularily fond of this form of  story-telling.  I don't think it does justice to the author's  abilities. The second Problem I have with 'Ace in the Hole' is that the  outcome is not one I approve of.  I don't like the ending because the  characters I wanted to win, didn't. The third problem is really personal.   This is the first WILD CARDS book without anything by George R. R. Martin.   Martin is my favorite living author, so I think it's a shame. Thus maybe  someone who doesn't have all these problems will like ACE IN THE HOLE  better than I did.  Although, to be sure, I liked it quite a  bit. Basically it's the stroy of Puppetman's attempts to get elected as  the Presidency Candidate for the Democratic party. The other characters  find out that Puppetman is an ace, and than they attempt to stop him from  winning. We have a pretty great collection of authors here.  Stephen  Leigh leads as the best of the bunch, writing Puppetman.  Close behind are  Melinda Snodgras with Dr. Tachyon, and Walter J Williams tellling us about  the Judas Ace, Golden Boy.  I wish the Golden Boy parts would have been  written in the first person, like 'Witness' in the first WC book.  The  other two authors are Simon who reintroduces us to Demise ('don't look into  his eyes' goes the WC gingle), and Victor Milan who writes the weakest  bits, about Sara Morgenstern and Mackie Messer.  Morgenstern was great when  written by Leigh, but doesn't work nearly as well in other hands, and  Messer was a character I never understood or wanted, and this book proves  that he wasn't really necessary. Overall, the book is well written, and  pretty fast paced.  Some scenes are great, many are interesting. But it  has problems.  The most obvious is the exessive amount of Sex.  The WC  books have never shied away from Sex, but this is rather absourd.  People  seem to be falling into each other's... well... I don't know... well, ALOT.   Exessively. I don't want to explain the plot much further.  It's pretty  well handled with all the viewpoint characters etc, although there were  some things left I didn't quite understand.  Maybe there'll be further  explanation in the volumes to come. Three Short notes.  If there's  something you can't say on the universe of the Wild Cards, is that things  have no consequences.  They have lots of them.  The Status Quo was  dramatically changed in this book, with a major secondary character in the  WIld Card universe discarded of off screen, and a life changing experience  to Gregg Hartmann and possibly to Tachyon.  The future should be  interesting. Second note is Tachyon.  Tachy's tale returned to the realms  of the Soap Opera with this book. He's getting way too much of the  limelights, and it doesn't help him.  I hope we'll get a little less from  him, so that we'll miss his character a little more by the next time  Snodgras returns to him. And final note, if you're reading the Wild Cards  Series, and want to discuss it, please email me.     