 Reza Aslan presents a fascinating, well written history of Islam, from the days before Muhammad and up to the present.  His book is a fast, insightful read, and a good history, but clearly a biased one.  Aslan does everything in his power to present Muhammad and Islam favorably.  Aslan begins his narrative in the Henotheistic (believing in the existence of one god while accepting the possibility of the existence of other gods) Arabia.  He recounts the life of Muhammad and the gathering of the Muslim community around him, as well as the development of that Community after Muhammad's death.  In relevant places throughout the narrative, Aslan stops to focus on the relevant issues, explaining the meaning in Islam and the Islamic Community of issues like Jihad, Women's Right, or Scriptural interpretation in past and presence.  Aslan's approach is well thought of, and should make the book appealing even to those who are less interested in the history of Islam.  But I feel uncomfortable with the "spin" Aslan gives to Islamic history.  Virtually everything is presented as positively and liberally as possible.  Of Muhammad's attitude towards the Quran, Aslan writes: "Muhammad did not consider the Quran to be a static Revelation... [it] was for Muhammad a living scripture that consciously evolved alongside the Ummah [that is, the community of Muslims], continually adapting itself to meet the specific needs of the developing community."  (p. 168).  To my secular self, a less charitable and more plausible reading would be: "He just made it up as he went along".  Similarly, Aslan's attempts to distinguish between Muhammad's "social egalitarianism and divine morality" and the 7th century societal aspects of his character are ill conceived.  For better or worse, Muslims should face the less appealing aspects of Islam, not try to rationalize them away.  Aslan writes that "at the heart of the doctrine of Jihad was the heretofore unrecognized distinction between combatant and noncombatant."  (p. 84).  Yet he killed all the men in an enemy tribe, the Banu Qurayza, and sold their wives and children to slavery (pp. 90-95).  I am not trying to underestimate the importance of Muhammad's reforms; But at times, Aslan crosses the line between Historian and Apologist.  In two hundred and fifty pages Aslan can hardly be expected to do justice to every facet of a religion that spans fourteen centuries and three continents.  After an in depth coverage of the life of Muhammad and the early Caliphs (the secular leaders of Islam),  the historical narrative dissolves, and the book focuses on such issues as Muslim philosophy, law and mysticism, while hardly mentioning the Islamic Conquests, the Crusades, or the reign of the Ottoman Empire.  Along the way, some of the most fascinating questions of Muslim history are hardly addressed: What happened to the tradition of Islamic Enlightment, and the time in which Muslims were the intellectual and cultural leaders of the world?  Why did Islam fail to develop the democratic, Capitalistic institutions of the West?  Aslan's narrative picks up again in the 19th century, with Islam grappling with Western Imperialism.  Here the coverage is limited almost exclusively to the Middle East:  Islam in Africa (other than Egypt), Europe, and West Asia are hardly mentioned, nor is Turkey.  Still, Aslan's discussion is informative and fascinating, particularly his the chapter on Wahhabism.  The final Chapter "Slouching towards Medina", narrates Aslan's belief that "The Islamic Reformation is here.  We are living in it" (p.266).  To which I can only say, that if we are, it's not much of a Reformation.  The temptation to see an Islamic Reformation is as old as Western studies of Islam, and is invariably misguided (see Martin Kramer's "Ivory Towers on Sand" for more).  Aslan calls for "Islamic Democracy" which is supposedly different from American (i.e. Western) Democracy, although his usage of the concept is ambiguous.  Much of Aslan's discussion is an attempt to demonstrate that there is a possible "democratic" reading of Islam.  To this I take no exception.  But what kind of model of "Islamic Democracy" does he support, if it is not "American Democracy"?  Surely it is not Iranian Style democracy, which he correctly terms "a fascist country run by a corrupt clerical oligarchy" (p. 257).  So what kind of role should Islam play in an "Islamic Democracy"?  It should be "founded upon an Islamic moral framework, devoted to preserve Islamic ideals of pluralism and human rights" (p. 264).  This seems to suggest that, while an "Islamic Democracy" should pay lip service to Islam, at the end of the day, it should be, you guessed it, a Western style democracy "if ever there is a conflict between the two, it must be the interpretation of Islam that yields to the reality of democracy, not the other way around" (p. 266). But is there any evidence that Muslims, at least in the Middle East, actually want this?  The big problem, which Aslan acknowledges but never resolves, is that there seems to be no constituency for Aslan's "Islamic Democracy" in the Middle East. wherever there is a free election, Islamic societies regularly elect Muslim extremists: It happened in Algiers, in Iran, and recently with the triumph of Hamas in the Palestinian election.  To the extent that free election occurred in Egypt, they signalized the massive support of Fundamentalist Muslim there as well.  The reason for skepticism about Islamic Democracy is not the fear that Islam and Democracy are inherently incompatible.  It is that the majority of Muslims in the Middle East seem uninterested in Westernized Democracy, whether camouflaged in Islamic rhetoric or not. Unfortunately, that desire seems more or less confined to ex-pats in Europe and the United States.       