 For me, Ambitious is the very word that describes Schismatrix Plus.  It  aims very, very high, whether Sterling's aim was accurate, is for everyone  to judge individually. I had very high expectations from this book.  I've  previously read Sterling's 'The Swarm', the very first Shapers/Mechanist  story, in Gardner Dozois's anthology, THE GOOD NEW STUFF, and liked it  alot. Furthermore, the last two books I've read were very different from  each other, and both really good - George R. R. Martin's new Fatasy Epic A  Storm of Swords, and Stephen Zweig's The Royal Game.  In between those two  masterworks, I've read the prologue to Schismatrix, and loved it. What  impressed me most about the prologe, about the Swarm and indeed about the  novel itself, was the scope and the vividness of Sterling's Future.  The  Shapers/Mechanist universe is clearly one of the most fascinating and  exotic worlds created in Science Fiction. So I came to Scismatrix with  exteremly high expectations, believing I was about to read a classic on par  with Isaac Asimov's Foundation series, Frank Herbert's Dune, or Dan  Simmons's Hyperion Cantos. The first 80 pages cured me of that hope.  I'm  not a passionate Cyber-Punk fan, quite the contrary, and the first 80 pages  consist of a Cyber Punk story set in Space.  A well written Cyber Punk, no  doubt - others have commented on Sterling's prose, and he has a great deal  of talent, but a traditional Cyber Punk story nonetheless, and thus  somewhat out of date. However, after those 80 pages, Sterling changes the  style fo the novel, and returns to the issue of the introduction - the wide  spread political sweeps that take the universe, as Sterling's hero,  Lindsay, finds his peaceful life threatens by both his ideology and his  long time friend turned bitter enemy, Constantine. And then, the novel  changes again, this time becomes a generational story, of the hero passes  through a universe which changes in terrifying speed.  Sterling attempts  the kind of paradigm shifting SF story telling, as evident in such works as  Clarke's Childhood's End, and in the process comes up with some very nice  touches - a particularly lovely scene is the final meeting between Lindsay  and his long friend/Archi Nemesis Constantine. All in all the novel, and  the stories, portray a wonderfully realised world.  But they lack the kind  of plot structure and advances necessary to make this kind of work  appealing to me, and the ideas, while sometimes fascinating are often  reduced to merely new Jargon versions of old clisches. My own high  expectations damaged my enjoyment of the novel, but  have enjoyed it  nonetheless, and would recommand it to others.  Schismatrix is a seminal  work of Cyber Punk, and an immaginative attack on the age old tradition of  SF - and for that it deserves to be read.     