 Picking "Loco Live" after at least two years in which I haven't heard it, I was impressed with the extent to which it still holds as a powerful Rock record.  I've been listening to more sophisticated music these few years - blues, funk, experimental rock and some jazz.  Yet I'm still attracted to the fast-and-loud, hard edge of rock music.  I guess I'm a punk at heart, and that, in order to enjoy the Ramones, you have to be one, too.  But I've also noticed things that I have never heard before - the transformation of the Ramones's musical style, and the way in which the Ramones was such an American band.  The clich about the Ramones is how simple their music has always been - "no one can play three chords better" than the Ramones, and so on.  But Loco Live finds the Ramones far away from the distorted bubble gum pop band that amazingly failed to conquer the world between 1977 and 1981.  By the mid 1980s, the Ramones have evolved into a bona fide hard rock act, heavier and faster then anything they've done in the 1970s.  Listening to "I believe in Miracles" it is hard to believe I've never noticed it before.  The song is downright blues-y.  There is nothing of the bubble gum in "Love Kills" or "Mama's boy", and "Pet Semetary", the title song to the Stephen King movie, has riffs and mood that are as much hard rock clich as the lyrics (don't let this sound like I don't like the song - it's fantastic).  The early songs are sped up and toughened up, and are transformed into something like acid pop.  Among the later tunes, the only one that resembles the innocence of the earlier days is "Palisades Park" an old fifties standard.  Hell, they even open up the set with a play back of "The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly..."  I can't help thinking that this change has something to do with the changes in the United States in the 1980s.  It seems that the Ramones have grown along with the mysterious zeitgeist, and the music, I believe, reflect where the US cultural scene, or at least some of it, was in the Reagan years.  Certainly, the lyrics reflect that - "Bonzo goes to Bitberg (a.k.a "My head is hanging upside down") is about a controversial visit of Ronald Reagan's to a Nazi cemetery, and "Ignorance is Bliss" is an undoubtedly political tune.  Joey prefaces "I wanna live" with something of a manifesto: "We believe in freedom... we believe in human rights".  Both musically and lyrically, the Ramones were a more sophisticated band than many critics give them credit for.  And while "Loco Live" does not quite catch them in their prime, it is a fantastic live gig of a great hard rock/punk band.  "Do you remember Rock'n'roll Radio?"  If not, the Ramones will remind you.     