 Just before the American Civil War, a Southern congressman explained why Abraham Lincoln's election was a sufficient cause for secession.  He said that it was not merely the election of dangerous man, which he realized was part of the political process.  Abraham Lincoln, he argued, was elected because he was dangerous. Senator McCarthy was not elected because he was dangerous.  That McCarthy came to dominate American politics for the last years of the Truman administration and the first few couple of years of the Eisenhower administration was unforeseen by anyone, least of all himself.  His rise from anonymity to become among the strongest people in the Unites States, and therefore in the world, was sudden.  His decline was even faster, and if McCarthy started 1954 as a major player, by January 1955 Vice President Nixon could report that he was no longer any danger to the administration. Richard H Rovere, a journalist and an observer of the politics, wrote in 1959 what was seen at the time as the definite account of the Senator from Wisconsin.  Rovere, a master of prose, is best when making a psychological portrait of McCarthy, seeing him as an empty cynic, a vain man who believed in nothing, who hunted not for power, but for money and glory.  He was a dangerous man, who turned America away from important foreign policy issues and focused on looking for spies, traitors and "bad security risks" - and, although he terrorized the government, forced conformity, and shrank American freedoms, never found any. Yet there is also a certain mischievous appreciation in Rovere's description.  He says that McCarthy was not in the Republican San Francisco convention of 1956, and that it was duller for his absence (p. 242).  His descriptions of McCarthy's manipulation of the press, the way he knew how to create a story, appreciates the ingenuity of the Senator.    And if McCarthy was a cynic, who ruined people who have not sinned, he also did it without spite or malice.  As Rovere has it, McCarthy never took himself seriously, even as the world did (p. 58) Perhaps the best insight Rovere has into McCarthy is his description of McCarthy's great innovation "The Multiple Untruth".  Not a single lie or even a few, McCarthy's lies were so huge and inconsistent, that they were almost impossible to disprove.   Any part of it that you knocked down would also make the rest seem the more solid.  McCarthy blew so much smoke that people assumed there must have been a fire somewhere.     Rovere's greatest weakness is in explaining the chronology of McCarthy, and the background.  Much of it is because he wrote for people of 1959, who knew the general outline.  But for people with only a very general knowledge of the 1950s, Rovere's book never quite explains things all the way through.   This is especially bad in his description of the Army-McCarthy hearings.  As someone who is not very familiar with the events, I emerged from that vital part only slightly more enlighted then before. Another failure is the journalistic defense of sources, which keeps several of the people involved disguised.  It is a little annoying to have pages devoted to either an "unnamed reporter" or to an "X". Both failures could have been addressed by the introduction, written in 1996 by historian Arthur M Schlesinger Jr.  Unfortunately, except for a few none too revealing comments on Rovere himself, Schlesinger chose to waste his introduction on a summery of the book's argument. If the lack of background and specifics make the book a less then perfect history of McCarthy and his time, Rovere's fantastic prose make it a most pleasurable read nonetheless.   His discussion of the effectiveness of McCarthy's networks of informants:  "If any communists [existed in the government agency], they were so well hidden that the sort of people who were in the underground [i.e. McCarthy's informants], would never find them - unless, of course, some of those in the underground were communists, which was not altogether out of the question". (pp. 197-98) Elsewhere, Rovere comments that "Hollywood has always been a hotbed of conformity, and advertising it always ready to ride with any hounds.  By their very nature, these institutions yield before external pressure; it is, in fact their substitute for inspiration". Though dated, Rovere's is still a fascinating and very well written study.     