 What was the American Revolution?  While most people would probably identify the American Revolution with the American War of Independence, Gordon S. Wood sees it as something more: a complete change in the ideological and political structure of British America, from the Royal colonies of 1763 to the Unites States of 1787.  Within a single generation, America twice revised its views about the government and sovereignty.   Wood does not disregard the material causes for independence, the interest groups and the petty local politics that fed fuel to the conflict between the colonies and the mother country, but his focus is on the ideological and philosophical issues - the British, who saw Parliament as the source of authority to all of the British Empire, whether the constituents voted for the MPs or not, and the Americans, who held to the principle of "no taxation without representation", and the ideology that contrasted liberty and self rule with the tyrannical power of the divine rights of kings. With the deepening, crisis, the Colonists, although willing in principle to acknowledge that Parliament had the right to regulate external commerce and navigation laws "from the necessities of the case, and a regard to the mutual interests of both countries" (p.44), could no longer reconcile that view with the British all-or-nothing perspective, in which sovereignty lay within Parliament and Parliament alone.  The widespread violence and King George III's declaration that the colonies were in open revolt helped push the Americans into declaring their independence. Under the Articles of Confederation, the Founding Fathers of the United States formed an alternative form of government to the Imperial system - no longer a centre and a periphery, but a collective of equal, cooperating states.  With the Northwest Ordinance, the Americans acknowledged the Western settlers as the equals of the thirteen original colonies.  Proportionally representative legislative councils were seen as the instrument of government, the protection against executive tyranny. The failure of the all-powerful legislatives to adequately answer the needs of the public good, and the lack of cooperation between the states, led to another change in the American political philosophy.  Local legislative councils changed from being the ultimate expression of Public sovereignty, to one element in a complex national system, meant to keep checks and balances between the states and the Federal Union, and between the branches of government. The ultimate purpose was to keep sovereignty in the hands of "we, the people of the United States of America" There is far more in Wood's book then I can do justice to in a short review.  But Wood's detailed investigation of the political and ideological aspects of the revolution means that much remains neglected.  The social changes of America are hardly more then alluded to, and the economic changes are never coherently explained.  The worst neglect, though, is the Military history aspects of the Revolution - the American War of Independence is dealt with almost entirely in about 6 pages.  Nor are the major personalities of the Revolution given due attention: Adams, Jefferson, Hamilton, Henry and Washington are mentioned but only in the context of their ideas or public actions.  There is only a single exception - Wood's short discussion of Washington's choice to re-enter political life and participate in the 1787 Philadelphia Convention. In the past couple of years, I've tried to read three different accounts of the American Revolution, and have been unable to finish any of them.  Gordon S. Wood's short book is a fascinating read and a good introduction to the Revolution and to the changes it brought on America.     