 Now that Dauglas Adams is sadly no longer with us, Connie Willis clearly fulfills his place as the best Comic writer in SF.  But the truth is, Willis is actually a better writer then Adams, because she is (1) more consistently brilliant then he is and (2) has serious, important issues running through her work.  Her funny stories are rarely *just* funny. Lincoln's Dreams, however, is a first novel, and it shows.  Lots of Willis's traits are there:  the interest in History and in obscurities and ancedotes, the downplayed romance, the paralel storyline between a puzzle the characters have to solve and their personal lives, some very nice turns of phrase. But Lincoln's Dreams lacks alot of things Willis will improve on in her following works.  The sense of humor, which is there even in her bleakest work (1993 Hugo and Nebula winner DOOMSDAY BOOK), is almost completely missing in this book.   The characters - people tend to talk about Willis's characterisation, but in truth, Willis uses architypes all the time.  The characters in her books are almost identical (Think about the female leads of Even the Queen, Passage and Bellwhether, or on the male characters in To Say Nothing of The Dog, Remake, and also Passage), bot because Willis can't write different characters (as she does with the Quivrin in *Doomsday Book*), but because she builds a comedy that is based on our instant recognition of the characters, and thus can focus on the serious issues she disguises in the crazy and funny plots. But in Lincoln's Dream, this ability isn't yet developed, and so the characters, instead of having the stock identity which allows us to sympathise with them while we follow their adventures, don't have any characterism whatsover.  Broun and Annie are completely forgettable (Unlike Vallery in TO SAY NOTHING OF THE DOG, we never understand why Jeff falls for Annie).  The only exceptions are Jeff, who is not yet the developed Willis leade personnality, but is the closest, and Richard, who is an archytype of later Willisean villains, but isn't quite one yet. But the greatest weakness in this novel is that, literally nothing happens.  There is no plot as to speak of.  There's the mystery of what is the source of Annie's dreams.  We get three solutions to that, all satisfactory, but Willis hasn't yet mastered the art of having her characters come to realisation about the nature of the plot, which later she will become very good at.  So we don't feel like there really is a mystery here - we're never involved with Jeff's quest, and we can't even try to guess ahead. And beyond the attempt to solve the dreams, we're in complete stasis throughout the book.  Jeff and Annie are hiding from Richard, going to Civil War monuments, checking phone calls on the machine, and Jeff tries to convince Annie to take it easy.  That's a simplification, but there really is little sense of progress.  From page 50 to page 180 or so, the scenes are almost all interchangable. Ultimately, Lincoln's Dreams (which should've been called Lee's Dreams), is not a bad book.  There is enough interesting history, and an interesting final solution to the mystery, to justify reading it.  But it is nowhere near as powerful a book as Willis's later works.     