 The subject of the Pope's behaviour during the 2nd World War is a very sensitive topic.  As the author notes, hundreds of millions world wide believe the Pope to Christ's vicar on Earth.  The Pope's behavior while one of the most monsterous crimes humanity has ever witnessed is thus a highly personalised topic for many. John Cornwell treats the topic with care and a balanced approach.  I'm no expert on the subject, and my knowledge of the Church's relations with the Nazi regime restircted to general readings I've made about WW2 and the holocaust, but I've been impressed with the research and study of the author.  His knowledge is rich, both in understanding and analysing historical event and documents (be it the Vatican Canon Law, Hitler's rise to power or international relationship during the war), and with regards to ancedotes and personnal information (He comments, amoung other things, about discussions between Pius XII and both T.S. Elliot and Orson Wells). Perhaps the most fascinating of Cornwell's insights is his interpretation of Pius XII's actions as part of the trends in the modern Roman Catholic Church.  Cornwell forwards a powerful arguement about the struggle of the church between modernisation and pluralism and the more traditional, authoriterian forces with in the church.  Those, at least, ring true to me in light of recent decleration, such as the document on the Church's relations with the Jews. The only weakness I could find was Cornwell's minimal consideration of the arguement that, had the Pope spoken out, many more would have suffered.  This seems like a strong arguement for Pius XII's silence, and while it is mentioned, a more detailed analysis of it would have been welcome.  Clearly, though, Pius XII did not feel the same about Communist Russia, which he justifiably apposed fiercely, as Cornwell aknowledges. Eugenio Pacelli's character is very complex and hard to decipher, and I think that this book is an important step in comprehending him and his actions.  I would recommand this book to anyone interested in the Roman Catholic Church, The Nazi regime, World War 2 or the holocaust - in short, to everyone.     