 Aces Abroad is exactly what the title says - American Aces going outside of the US.  A delegation of Aces, Jokers, and Nats( all in a Boeing 747 names The Stacked Deck), goes abroad to see the situation of aces outside  the US.  They go to South America, Africa, the Middle East, Asia, Europe -  in short, a 'round the world' tour. After three books that focused on the  US, the much needed international perspective to the story was finally  given. Perhaps the highlight of the books was the return of Greg Hartmann,  masterfully written by Stephen Leigh.  I really liked Leigh's Strings in  the first Wild Card book, and his story here, is every bit as well written,  and if it isn't as tense, that's a fault of the narration, not opf the  author - but wait, we'll get there. Other things worth mentioning - for the  first time we get a Joker perpective.  Both the continous Journal of Xavier  Desmond, and John Miller's story, have an Joker narrater(Des and chrytalis,  respectively). We also get answers to several nagging questions - about the  Huge Ape with the passion for Blonds, about Tachyon's past, and best of all  - a little more information about the Envoy.  Priceless. The average level  of story telling was rather high.  I thought there were only 1 stincker in  that pack - Down in Dreamtime, a terrible story about Jack the Aligator  Man's niece.  I must admit I forgot her name. Ok, but what's wrong witht he  books? The greatest complain is the lack of real plot.  We get basically  adventures.  The Stacked Deck arrives at a country, bad stuff happends.   then it arrives at a new country, and a new aqdvanture starts.  There's  little feeling of a continuous story, despite some attempts there.   Especially bothering is the fact that at the end, all the stories seem to  be about Terrorists.  That was somewhat of an overkill. Tachyon, for one,  becomes annoying.  I won't spoil anything, but he turns out more and more  annoying.  Snodgrass writes a nice story about him, but I don't like the  direction they're taking the character. A Final complaint is that George R  R Martin doesn't write a story for the book, but only the journal of  Desmond, which isn't good enough for a Martin fan like me. Overall, this is  a strong volume.  Not as strong as ACES HIGH, maybe, but stronger then  JOKERS WILD and then WILD CARDS.  If you like the wild Card series, this is  a good addition.     