 'Biograph' is the box set to end all box sets - 3 CDs full of album tracks, rarities and live versions of some of Bob Dylan's greatest songs.  It contains interesting (if somewhat cryptic) liner notes, and great sequencing. The greatest weakness of 'Biograph' is that it is a flawed introduction.  Given that it was released in 1985, it obviously misses much of Dylan's wonderful music from the late 80s, 90s and 00s.  But inexplicably, this anthology stops in 1982, with songs off 'Shot of Love'.  'Infidels', Dylan's best album in the wilderness years between 'Blood on the Tracks' and 'Oh Mercy', his return to secular music, is sadly not represented here, even though it is mentioned in the booklet. Even more questionable is some of the song selection.  'The Essential Bob Dylan' has 2 albums with which to cover 4 decades of Dylan's music.  Biograph has three albums covering scarcely more then twenty years.  The absence of such absolutely essential tracks as 'Idiot Wind' and 'Highway 61 Revisited', forgivable in 'The Essential', is inexplicable here.  Furthermore, some of Dylan's most popular songs (which more often then not appear on 'The Essential Bob Dylan') are missing - Maggie's Farm, Rainy Day Woman, Hurricane. That said, the true genius of these albums is that they are equally appealing to the newbie and the die hard fan.  The juxtaposition of old songs and previously unreleased rarities, all put not in chronological order but in the way they sound the best, might make 'Biograph' less interesting as a historical overview of Dylan's oeuvre, but makes for great albums. For me, the weakest is the first album, consisting of mainly acoustic songs from the early 60s and 70s.  Many people are affectionate of Dylan the folk singer, but for me Dylan's uniqueness is the way he attacked the electric guitar.  The acoustic tunes contain some of Dylan's best known tunes like 'Masters of War', 'The Times They Are a Changin', 'Lay Lady Lay' and of course 'Blowin' in the Wind'.  My favorite, though, is 'If Not For You', a sweet little love song. Halfway through the discs, the drums begin to beat and the guitars become electric.  'Tombstone Blues', a classic off 'Highway 61 Revisited', is easily among Dylan's most popular writings, and it is only barred from the status of a classic because of pedestrian drumming. ... A nice choice for the follow up track is 'The Groom is Still Waiting at the Altar', a blues-rock tune from Dylan's last Christian album, complete with an organ and female back up vocalists, which proves Dylan has lost nothing in his sense of the writing powerful, abstract songs. Among the rest of the classics in this CD are 'Like a Rolling Stone' and 'Subterranean Homesick Blues'.  I admit I'm particularly fond of another lesser known song featured here in a fantastic live version - 'most likely you'll go your way (and I go mine)'  The second CD focuses on Dylan's late 60s and 70s music.  Among the stunning pieces here are live versions of 'Visions of Johanna' and 'Isis' (the latter, unremarkable in the album version, is particularly menacing here).  The studio versions of 'Tangled Up in Blue', 'Mr. Tambourine Man' and 'It Ain't Me Babe' are classics.   I do wish we would have been given a live version of 'Every Grain of Sand', rather than the album version.  On the album, the dark horror of the song is muted, but live, we often can feel Dylan's fear and worship of the almighty in lines like "I can see the master's hand... in every leaf that trembles, in every grain of sand" The last CD focuses on material from the late 70s and early 80s, with a strong emphasis on rarities.  How `Caribbean Wind' managed to escape album release is a mystery to me, as it is a wonderful, classic religious Dylan song. 'Up to Me' is a heart breaking outtake from 'Blood on the Tracks', my favorite Dylan album Again, classics abound.  'I Want You' is a lovely song off 'Blonde on Blonde'.  'Knockin' on Heaven's Door' needs no introduction. 'All Along the Watchtower' is live with the Band.  Although practically all of Dylan's live performances of this song seem like rewrites of the Hendrix version, this is one of the better ones.  Less successful are the original version of 'Just Like a Woman', which is inferior to numerous live versions, and a weak unplugged 'Forever Young'.  'Gotta Serve Somebody' even if it might win a contest for the dumbest Dylan lyrics, is a strong blues rocker. But among these classics hide some more real gems.  'Senor' from Street Legal, is an underappreciated, beautifully constructed number.  (although I wish the powers that be had included the other classic from the same album 'The Changing of the Guards, which appears on the 'Essential Dylan' album).  A live version of 'Heart of Mine' reminded me of the beauty in this lesser known song off 'Shot of Love', while 'Solid Rock', is a hard rockin' song inspired by Blues, Gospel, and maybe even a little Disco music.  Just the thought of what Jimi Hendrix might have done with 'Romance in Durango' makes me excited, but the live version presented here is very, very good. The bottom line is, that 'Biograph' is full with fantastic songs from one of the 20th century greatest songwriters.  Everyone needs to own a copy.     