 After the terrible 'One eyed Jacks', the Wild Cards make a return to form of a sort with 'Jokertown' shuffle.  Of a sort, I say, because even though I enjoyed this book way more than the last one, I still think the Wild Cards have taken a wrong turn somewhere. Start with the good?  Well, the good is Walton Simon, who wrote another 'nobody' story, and this time more succesfully than other times, maybe because he doesn't have to carry a whole book on his back.  Even Lewish Shiner surprises us with a story almost decent - how unbelievable is that?   The Really good is Stephen Leigh and Walter Jon Williams.  Boy do these guys deliver.  The Wild Cards need way many more writers like them.  I've heard good things about 'Black Shadow', and it is all true.  He's become one of my favorite characters.  Strong, vicious, and ultimately just.   Leigh's Bloat is one of the main narratives in this Wild Cards book, and while I don't QUITE like his stuff as much as I like the Puppetman, but this is also high quality fiction. The Bad, though, is the general story.  The Jumpers were a mistake, making St. Lethem the villain was a mistake, some of the plot twists concerning Bloat seems like a mistake, and the entire Blaise character ark ( and some might say his entire character) have been misconcieved. However, the REALLY bad is Melinda Snodgras's Tachyon. What happened to the woman who wrote what is still one of the best Wild Cards stories out there 'Degredation Rites'?  That story had real emotion, cleverness, subtlty.  But this... Her story in WC 9, 'Lovers' is an awful 'hit you over the head' feminist message thing.  OK, so Tachy's a chauvinist, what else is new?  The story is so weak, pathetic and uninteresting, it actually ruined several stories which were more or less related.  The dignity of Tachyon is all gone ( I believe I've discussed the over-exosure of the character back in WC4.  Boy, was I right).  I do hope they'll kill Tach off and Snodgras will either try and write more stuff like 'degredation rites' or go away. Because, at the end of the day, we need more stuff like 'Degredation Rites' to make the WC world interesting again.  The Wild Cards aren't SUPERHERO stories - they're, at their best, an action and plot oriented attack on the problems of society using Science Fiction.  Plotlines like the 'Jampers' only make the story weaker, because mindless action we can get elsewhere.  The entire Jampers ark is, for this reader, insubstantial and reeking of Fantasy, not even wild Science Fiction. Maybe this review has been too harsh.  Jokertown Shuffle is entertaining.  But to me, the Wild Cards can be much more than that, and I hope it'll return to form soon.     