 I've read and enjoyed Stephen Dobyns's The Church of Dead Girl, and while Boy in the Water isn't quite as powerful as Dobyns's other novel, it is still a magnificent read.    Unlike TCoDG, Boy doesn't use the first person narrative, but choses a third person approach that allows him to focus on many more characters.  Although most of the characters are well done, three stand out, and luckily Dobyns's best characters are also the two protagonists:  Jim Hawthorne, the psychologist who runs the school, and who has to recover from a dark personal tragedy, and Jessica, a young girl who worked as a stripper in order to try and save her brother.  Both of them, as well as another character, a young boy from school called Scott, are very interesting and with fascinating internal lives. The weakest characters are the love-interest, who screams out LOVE INTERESTS starting from the first scene in which she appears, and the villain, who comes off as shallow and irritating, although to Dobyns's credit he is also very, very creepy.   Like with 'The Church of Dead Girls', BOY's best parts are those in which Dobyns deals with the interraction in between the individual and the community.  Bishop's Hill, the school in which the story takes place, actually has a very strong sense of being more than a place - being a structure created by the characters which inhibit it.  Dobyns demonstrates again his superb insight into group dynamics, and the way, for instance, in which events take over the entire school (rummers, for instance), are a dlight to read. Still, BOY in the water has three weaknesses that disapointed me somewhat.      First, the book contains several stock Horror clisches, none of which works particularily well.  We get a rationalized ghost, telephone calls from the dead, and a climax in which the school is left completely isolated from the world around it.  All these are much less effectives than the scenes in which Dobyns actually comes up with NEW Horror ideas. Second, there are several irritating plot holes.  A Serial killer, who has clearly killed before, using a fixed MO, is never tracked by any big enforcement agency.  Also, although his identity is kept secret, all the other villains know who he is, or at least know that he's corruptable. But perhaps the thing most lacking from 'Boy in the Water' is the kind of spooky atmosphere of mistrust that Dobyns so perfectly established in 'The Church of Dead Girls'.  the haunted paranoid feeling in The Church of Dead Girls contributed ALOT to my liking of it, and I'm disappointed that he hasn't been quite able to recapture it.   Nonetheless, Boy in the Water is a veery good read, the kind of book that is both clever and a page turner.       If you enjoyed The Church of Dead Girls, you'll enjoy this too.  If you haven't read Dobyns, though, Start with the previous novel.     