 Don E. Fehrenbacher, a preeminent historian of Antebellum America, offers a survey of the United States in its Jeffersonian and Jacksonian periods - from the "Revolution of 1800" In which Thomas Jefferson defeated Federalist incumbent John Adams and became the third president of the United States, and until the aftermath of the American-Mexican War, and the sectional crises that emerged from it.  For Fehrenbacher, who has written some of the most reverting books of American history, including a brilliant monograph on the rise of Abraham Lincoln, a Pulitzer prize winning study o the Dred Scot Case, and a study of the U.S. government's relations with slavery, "The Era of Expansion" is a surprisingly mundane affair - it's a by the numbers historical book, the kind you will read for a high school or a not particularly advanced college course (indeed, based on the underlines in my used copy, I'm fairly certain mine was so used).  "The Era of Expansion" covers virtually all aspects of American Life at the time, from Art and Architecture to Economics, Science and Religion, but the main thread is the national level politics.  This is Fehrenbacher's forte, and even though I've read much of his stuff before, he will, as always, offer some new insights.  Here Fehrenbacher observes how in both the Missouri crisis and in the crisis of 1850 the presidential campaign had nothing to do with the real agenda that was a sectional struggle about slavery.  The main thesis here is that the era of expansion saw the birth of several issues that would play a spectacular part in later American history, but that at the moment remained relatively dormant.  The period saw the beginning of the industrial revolution and of Garrisonian abolitionism, of sectional conflict and of the rise of independent American intellectual, economic and artistic traditions.  It was all the time of mass immigration and the beginning of Nativist politics - all trends that would intensify in the 1850s, and particularly during and after the Civil War.  By far the best chapter of the book is the final one, which explores the historiography of the "Era of Expansion", dealing especially Frederick Jackson Turner's "Frontier Thesis" (that the Frontier was "safety valve" guaranteeing America's equality and democratic tendencies), Charles Beard's economic determination (which saw the changes in America as primarily the result of struggles between various economic interest groups), and their various successors, who attempt to forge a more subtle, yet sufficiently "grand", narrative.  While "The Era of Expansion" is an adequate narrative of the United States in the first half century of its existence, and is enlivened by Fehrenbacher's literary skills and historical perception, it is ultimately a fairly standard and unsatisfactory account.  It'll give the facts, but there's little spirit in it.       