 Alan Dershowitz wrote a defense on Israel which, like any good advocate's, makes his clients position seem somewhat better then it really is.  But while, acting as a jury, one should notice the problems that Dershowitz fails to point out, the heart of Deshowitz's argument is sound: Israel is frequently unfairly singled out for attack, and some of the most prominent critics of Israel make bogus or exaggerated claims. Professor Dershowitz makes his case easier for him by defending Israel from a position supportive of the two-state solution.  Dershowitz is of course correct that the only hope for a reasonable outcome in the Middle East is both parties acceptance of that solution, and rejection of other utopian or dystopian ideas.  Although the majority of Israelis almost certainly support, at least in theory, the two-state solution, there is a significant minority which objects to it vehemently.  One of the fallacies that many of Israel's critics, and sometimes its defenders fall for is to see Israel as a monolith.  Much of Deshowitz's case is not for Israel but for the two-state solution, and for the Israelis who support it.  Thus, to the extent that former PM's Yitzhak Shamir's position, for example, represents Israel, Dershowitz defense of Israel does not apply.  Perhaps a better title for the book, although not a very catchy one, would have been "The Two State Solutions, the (Israelis) who support it, and the (Palestinians) who don't". In 32 chapters, Dershowitz attacks arguments which make Israel seem like the aggressor in the Middle East.  Sometimes the questions Dershowitz doesn't ask are as significant as the ones he does.  He asks, for example, whether Israel was responsible for the 1967 Six Day War and the 1973 Yom Kippur War (is wasn't), but not whether Israel was responsible for the 1982 Lebanon War (it was).  Furthermore, Dershowitz spends only two pages on the question of whether the settlements have been a major obstacle to peace.  Although Dershowitz is correct in pointing out that settlements can and have been evacuated, he fails to mention the effect of the settlements, usually populated with the most extreme right winger Israelis, heavily defended by the IDF, on the Arabs in whose neighborhoods they are placed.  The settlements supported either explicitly or implicitly by every Israeli government since Rabin's first prime-ministry in 1974 and up to today's Sharon's government, are a source of constant tension which makes Palestinians hate and resent Israelis. Dershowitz denies that Jews took advantage of the Holocaust for political gains (ch. 7), even though the Jewish discourse about the Arab-Israeli conflict is, naturally enough, filled with reference to the Holocaust from both left and right (as Peter Novick might have said 'To Each His Own Holocaust').  Dershowitz also elaborates on the connection between Arabs, and especially the Jerusalem Mufti Al Husseini, and Nazism.  I think he overstates the connection, which was natural at the time.  Arabs and Nazis had two common enemies: the British and the Jews.  Stranger bedfellows existed - Dershowitz fails to mention that Zionists and Nazis cooperated when their ends corresponded, in promoting Jewish immigration to Israel in the early 1930s. Yet although Dershowitz overstates his case, and overlooks arguments which make Israel look bad, the main claims of his thesis stand: First, various Israeli governments and leaders, from Haim Weitzman in the 1910s to Ehud Barak in 2000, has offered Arabs to partition Israel, and several generations of Arab and Palestinian leaders have opposed.  Arafat's refusal to accept Barak's offer in Camp David in 2000, or to give a counter proposal, was a tragic mistake of judgment, and Arafat, Clausewitz's best (indeed only) disciple in the middle east, compounded the error by launching the El Aqsa Intifada - a failed continuation of a bad policy by different means. Second, for reasons which have not yet been sufficiently explained, Israel receives extensive and unfair criticism far beyond virtually any other country.  Israel's actions, although often failing the moral ideal, are far better then actions by other countries, given the extent of the attacks on it.  Nothing Israel did is anywhere as bad as the US's actions in Japan, Germany, Vietnam or Iraq; as French actions in Algiers or Belgian action in the Congo, or as Russian actions in Chechnya -let alone the behavior of so many Arab regimes which are quick to condemn Israel. Israel, like any other nation, requires criticism when its specific policies are wrong or dangerous.  But extreme criticism, which challenges Israel's right to exist and signals it out to condemnation among the nations, is not only wrong, it is ineffective.  The best of Israel's critics are the ones who recognize its right to exist, and who make specific recommendations to help Israelis and Arabs co-operate.  Israelis obviously rarely pay close attention to far off the mark critiques which liken it to Nazi Germany, and to the extent that Arabs do, it drives them away from moderation and into fanatic hate.  Such criticism, thus, is worse then a crime - it is a blunder.     