 On October the ninth this year, I got to see Morrissey play at the Radio City Music Hall in New York City.  It was my first night in NYC, and my first Morrissey gig.  It was a hell of a show.  Declaring "Tonight this is my living room", M and his crack band launched into the best track from You Are the Quarry', "The First of the Gang".  It's a tale about hector, a Latino gang member in LA, a Robin Hood with a twist ('he stole from the rich and the poor and not very rich and the very poor.  And he stole out hearts away').  It's also a hard rocker, with classic Morrissey hooks.  What got me and the audience going, though, was Moz's performance of "Bigmouth Strikes Again", a classic Smith song, off their "The Queen is Dead" album, another great rocker with twisted lyrics and a cool melody.  Bigmouth Stroke Again; Morrissey was definitely back.  In concert, the former frontman of one of the eighties' best bands showcased his new album, along with songs from his back catalogue ('The More You Ignore Me, the Closer I get) and Smiths classics (the aforementioned 'Big Mouth Strikes Again', and the brilliant, experimental and still revolutionary 'How Soon is Now?').  And the new album has a lot going for it.  Not only the great 'First of the Gang', but a whole bunch of sing-alongs, with twisted lyrics and Morrissey's famous laments.  In the groovy, slightly jazzy "I'm Not Sorry", Morrissey sings about the woman of his dreams ("there never was one"), and about dying with grace (slipping beneath the water line... I'm... slipping beneath the water line).  In "I Like You", Morrissey sings a weird love song to a girl (or a boy?) who is "not right in the head".       But I'm forever in love with the single, "Irish Blood, English Heart'.  In it, Morrissey seems to refer to his encounter with hostile British Journalists, but beyond that, he makes the unbelievable - a song that manages to be both a melodic triumph, and a political anthem.  It's one of the best protest songs of all time, and only the weird politics of the time can make the public ignore the strength of the lyrics:  I've been dreaming of a time when The English are sick to death of Labour, and Tories And spit upon the name Oliver Cromwell And denounce this royal line that still salute him And will salute him forever  It may not take as much courage to sing lyrics like these as when the pistols published 'God Save the Queen' in the Britain of 25 years ago, but it takes genius to make them work as a song, not just as an anarchistic political screed.  But from Morrissey, we've learned to expect no less.      