 Searching for the genuine thesis of John Mosier's mess of a book is something of a challenge.  Mosier is critical about the "conventional wisdom" of WW2 interpretation - but he is hard pressed to actually explain what it is.  There is, he argues, something wrong in the concept he calls "breakthrough" - that fast moving tanks will cut through the enemy defenses and attack the rear of the population.  He also argues against the concept of strategic air power - destroying nation's ability and will to fight by bombing its industry and civilian population.  At times, he attacks a host of other - dare we call them mini myths? - For instance, the abilities of General Patton ("the great dash across France that had established him as a tanker par excellence has been accomplished without any real opposition" p. 259).  The central myth of Mosier's, though, carefully concealed until the end of the book, is that technology matters at all.  "The only real lesson to be derived by the Second World War" Mosier writes "is that advances in technology do not really change the basic principles of warfare".  I find this claim quite astounding.  I'm far from an expert on the second world war, but it seems clear that the central novelty was the new technology of tanks, properly engaged (that is, combined with infantry and anti-antitank weapons) supported by aerial superiority - tactics that might have been available in the Spanish Civil War, but hardly before that (indeed, the Spanish Civil War is conspicuously absent from Mosier's narrative of Military technology, tactics and thought in the 1930s).  Weren't these the causes of Germany's brilliant triumph over Poland?  Poland's army was approximately as large as the German army, but Germany had twice as many tanks and four times as many airplanes as Poland.  Isn't that the most natural explanation for Poland's defeat?  It seems like the novel military technology made Poland's army obsolete. (pp. 64-66)  Not to Mosier it doesn't.  Instead, the root of Poland's failure was in "Politics not Tactics" (p. 63) the major reason for Poland's defeat was not its technological inferiority - it was the Polish government's dependence upon the allies, and in particular the French, to mobilize within two weeks of a German invasion.  The expectation, Mosier writes was "not unreasonable"; The Polish expected that if they held out for two weeks, the French counter attack would force the Germans to retreat (Ibid.)  I know next to nothing about Poland's government's response to the outbreak of the war, but the expectation of swift allies response was everything but "not unreasonable".  The British and the French sat through a series of German aggressions, from its quitting the League of Nation and rearmament, invasion of the Rhineland, Anschluss with Austria and, of course, takeover of Czechoslovakia in the aftermath of the Munich agreement.  In the event, if the Polish government did depend upon Allies assistance, they rival the Trojans in the scoreboard of the political March of Folly.  Equally unsubstantiated is Mosier's contention that strategic airpower had failed.  Never mind that Strategic Bombing completely destroyed Japan - by 1944, the allies has achieved air superiority over Europe.  80 percent of the bombs dropped on Germany were dropped after the first of January 1944 (p. 202).  1944 also marked the sharp decline of Germany's war production.  Although this would seem to indicate that strategic bombing was successful, it is possible to argue that the one did not cause the other; that the failure of Germany's industries was due more to loss of territory then to the bombings.  But one has to actually marshal some facts in order to do so; Mosier merely asserts this central claim of his in half a paragraph and a single footnote, and then has the Chutzpa to put this under the sub header "Anatomy of Failure".  Not only are Mosier's arguments questionable, his opponents may very well be straw men.  Mosier will frequently utter something like "the picture so frequently drawn... is not real" or "Contrary to general belief..." without referring to a single source drawing the pictures or holding the beliefs.  More often then not, the sinners in Mosier's account are hidden, while the offences made are insubstantial and narrow (like claiming that Richard Overy's "The Battle of Britain" implies that antiaircraft missiles did not down any Luftwaffe airplanes p. 206, n. 9).  Finally, I'm not sure how trustworthy Mosier's facts are.  Mosier sites David Irving's discredited figure of two hundred thousand dead for the Dresden Bombing (p. 203).  That number is an order of magnitude too large and Irving's misuse of evidence in this instance is about as well documented as these things go (see Richard Evans's refutation of it in 'Lying about Hitler').  Thus I would question the reliability of any evidence raised by Mosier.  In short, Mosier's book is unclear in conception, unconvincing in argument and unreliable in matters of fact.     