 Leonard Cohen sings for the broken hearts. He sings for the losers, the cast aways, the rejected lovers and the renegades. His record are not the stuff of parties and bars; rather they must be played in dark rooms, in dark nights, when you are alone with your memories. All this is to say that a Leonard Cohen live album seems remarkably strange as a concept. Concerts are happy celebration of popular music, not dark meditations on poetry. Furthermore, the Leonard Cohen live album I have heard (Cohen Live), is interesting but often weak. While some old song are reinterpreted in interesting ways (most noticably 'There Is A War'), there are far too many overly grand, Kitchy and Las Vegas style renditions of otherwise great songs. But 'Field Commander Cohen' is the stuff of legends. Cohen is backed up by an amazing band of musicians, who really draw out the greatness of these tunes. Every song here is better then the original versions, and some are remarkably so. Passanger manages to transform songs which, on Cohen's albums, are often little more then poetry with music, into real epic songs. The album opens with the title track, a song from Cohen's 74 classic, New Skin for the Old Ceremony. FIELD COMMANDER COHEN has been a favourite of mine in the old version. In this new one, it is just stunning. The gentle drumming, the sublime back up vocals in the chorus, and the wierd but cool insertion of 'Rum and Coca Cola' into the song makes Cohen's meditation on a retired soldier (comes back to nothing special, like waiting rooms, and ticket lines, silver buillet suicides, messianic ocean tides, racial roller coaster rides, and other forms of bordom advertises as poetry) into a classic. Next follow three songs from Cohen's then recent RECENT SONGS. of these THE SMOKY LIFE sounds almost like something out of Cohen's THE FUTURE, complete with low vocals. THE WINDOW is a slow poem song, while THE GYPSY WIFE, probably the best of these, is a great poem about a betrayed husband (but where... where is my gypsy wife tonight?), complete with wonderful violins. LOVER, LOVER, LOVER, another great song from New Skin, is another highlight. The strong rythem of the song is a base for improvised guitars and ood solos. Cohen's voice is strong and passionate, and the rewritten lyric, especially in the new final verse, is truly powerful, and is an improvement on the already good song. Next follows HEY, THAT'S NO WAY TO SAY GOODBYE. The version is solid rock good, better than the original (from SONGS OF LEONARD COHEN). Good violin solo comes in this song, which also has some truly great lyrics (Many loved before us, I know we are not new/ in city and in forest, they loved like me and you). Possibly the single highlight of the album THE STRANGER SONG from Cohen's debut album is next. While the song is not bad in its original version, this version is simply stunning, although it is also sparse (I wonder if it is Cohen on the guitar here - if it is, he has certainly improved in the dozen or so years since 'Songs of') The lyrics of this song are so wonderful that it is useless to quote some - you must look them up yourself. Cohen's voice here is perfect too: dark, sympathetic, all-knowing.  From Recent Songs we get THE GUESTS, a solid song in which Cohen reflects on his relationship with his lover by looking at the party as a metaphor for his own experience.  Memories is a song from Cohen's collaboration with Phil Spector 'Death of a Ladies' Men'. Ilbegotten is the word for this song, which features simply dreadful lyrics, which make Cohen seem like an old, rather pathetic womaniser. Cohen wisely chose to retitle his song collection 'Death of a Lady's Man'. Memories does have a strong if rather straightforward melody, and great Sax playing. 'Why Don't You Try' is the third song from Old Skin. While I didn't care for the song in the album, this version is wonderful, the instruments really drawing out the song, and Cohen's vocals strong enough to deliver this challanging piece. The only draw back is the irritating back up vocals which seriously damage the enjoyment. Honest to god, I fail to see why 'Bird on the Wire' has to appear on EVERY SINGLE LEONARD COHEN LIVE ALBUM. I mean, it's a good, popular song, but so is 'Suzanne' for instance. The version here is again weaker then the original, because 'Bird' is a simple song, requiring no guitar solos or any complicated instruments. However, this is a much better version then the one in Cohen Live. Finally, the album ends with one of Cohen's best songs, SO LONG MARIANNE. The direct song has a wonderful melody, is vastly aided by great playing by all, great vocals (probably the best use of backup vocalists in the album), and of course, wonderful lyrics (You know I'd love to live with you. But you make me forget about so much. I forgot to pray for the angels, and the angels forgot to pray for us). I was noy yet born when cohen performed these songs in concert. But I truly wish I could have attended. Until someone builds a time machine (and even after), this is a truly great record.     