 After backing up from the bombastic, Synthesized sound of 'Who's Next' and 'Quadrophenia' for 'The Who By Numbers', the complex, Operatic arrangements, filled with Synthesizers, horns, etc, come back with a vengeance for the last real Who album - the last effort with Keith Moon. The return to the mode that was so successful on the Who's best album should've been a good idea, but it isn't.  The main problems are over use of Synthesizers, Roger Daltrey's singing, and in particularly, the songwriting. According to the booklet, the Who never actually performed any of the songs in its entirely in the Studio together.  And it shows.  Who Are You is not so much a Rock'n'Roll album as a composition.  Many of the tracks would have benefited greatly from being played in the studio, with less editing, mixing and additions.  As they stand, the songs feel artificial and unnatural. Roger Daltrey's singing is no help, either.  Although usually one of Rock's best vocalists, on 'Who Are You' Roge mostly sings in an aggressive, machoistic and bombastic sound, which does not mesh well with the introspective lyrics of Pete Townshend's lyrics. Nonetheless, Townshend is the main culprit in the failures and triumphs of 'Who Are You?'.  It is he above all others responsible for the editing and mixing, and as usual, Townshend was the main songwriter for the Who. And the songs are problematic.  Lyrically, they are often narrow minded and whiny.  Townshend often tends to kitsch, but the hails for new music in 'Music Must Change' and 'New Song' are all but pathetic, especially as they came from one of the most important musicians of the time.  It is even worse, given how similar in sound Who Are You is to previous Who albums. In fact, more then the lyrics, the music on this album feels old.  With the exception of the truly brilliant title track, the musical genius behind some of the greatest music composed in the 1960s and 70s is hardly visible.  Pete would write memorable hooks and melodies again (You Better/You Bet, After the Fire, and Let My Love Open the Door, just to name a few), but here they are almost completely absent.   Strangely, after contributing total of two songs for the Who's entire 1970s output, John Entwistle comes here with no less then 3 songs.  Unfortunately, although none of the song is any less then competent, even the best of the bunch, 'Trick of the Light' is not up to Entwistle's best work.  'Trick of the Light' is ruined again by Daltrey's vocal, which sounds boastful and self confident instead of wary and paranoiac. There are nonetheless, many worthwhile things about 'Who Are You'.  The Musicianship of the Who is as high as ever, and there are a series of fantastic usages of instruments throughout this album.  And an alternative mix of 'Guitar and Pen', available on the reissue, is quite good.   'Sister Disco' apparently the second single from the album, is a fine rocker, catchy and straightforward. Perhaps the highlight of the reissue is 'Empty Glass'.  Townshend's most intimate song, which Daltrey apparently refused to sing.  It is a real shame that this gem, which became the title track for one of Townshend's solo album was not included.  Subtle and slightly funky, it feels more natural then all other songs on 'Who Are You', and Moon's percussion and drumming is really cool, too. But the masterpiece of the album is the title track, Townshend's ode to Punk.  Recalling a day of getting drunk and brushing with the law, Who Are You is not just a classic who song, but one of the best melodies of Townshend's career.  Daltrey's swagger is perfectly appropriate for this epic.  The glory of the title track alone makes this a worthy addition to the Who's legacy, and a fitting tribute to Keith Moon.     