 For a thousand years, between late antiquity and the Copernican revolution, the West went into a "Dark Age", a period in which the scientific and inquisitive spirit of the ancient world disappeared, and the wisdom of old, maintained in the Arab world, was unknown in Europe.  In seeking to explain the disappearance of the rational tradition, Charles Freeman takes us on a wonderful odyssey of the intellectual, political and spiritual world of the Roman Empire.  At its finest, Freeman's is one of the best books on the evolution of the ancient world, from Humerian myth, through Alexander's regime (of whom Freeman is extremely critical), the rise of the Roman Republic and the emergence, triumph and disintegration of the Empire, ending in partition to two separate political entities.  Freeman charts the progress of Christianity in this context, from the cult of Jesus Christ (Freeman attempt to reconstruct his life is impressive but controversial.  The layers of myth are too thick for us to penetrate, and Freeman almost acknowledges as much p. 105), through the struggles of Paul, through the Pagan prosecutions and years of martyrdom and to its eventual triumph following the conversion of Constantine.  For the most part, the account is enlightening and well written, incorporating politics, theology, Art history and biography of the major personalities.  I did think that Freeman underplayed the role of Paul as synthesizer of Gnosticism, Mystery Cultism and Judaism into Christianity, and the similarities between Christianity and other contemporary religions, particularly Mithraism.  As a consequence, we never really understand the why of Christianity's growth.  Christianity's remarkable ability to survive prosecution and to outmaneuver its competition is hardly addressed.  Minor misgivings aside, Freeman's account is masterly, and it establishes a provocative thesis:  That an anti-intellectual Christian tradition, dating back to Paul ("the more [non Christians] called themselves philosophers, the more stupid they grew", Paul's letter to the Romans, quoted on p. 120), merged with anti-empiricist Greek tradition (Platonism), and with the need for stricter orthodoxy once Christianity has become a state religion (because "true Christians" now stood to receive Earthly as well as heavenly rewards), were behind the war on rational thinking and the "Closing".    Personally, one of the most interesting aspects of Freeman's book was the idea that among the ancient Greeks there was already a tradition, associated with Aristotle, of inquiry based on collection of data and falsification of theories (p. 18).  I always considered the scientific method to be among the greatest triumphs of the early Enlightment; it is interesting to discuss the extent to which the rationalist achievements of the Moderns were foreshadowed by the Greeks.    But along with the empiricist tradition of Aristotle, a second, and possibly more pervasive tradition was that of Plato, according to which disputes would be settled not by appeal to nature, but by pure reason.  "We shall approach astronomy, as we do geometry, by way of problems, and ignore what's in the sky, if we intend to get a real grasp of astronomy" Plato wrote (quoted on p. 31).  Because of certain evolution in Platonic thought, Plato's philosophy proved highly amenable to incorporation in Christian thought, as attested already in the Gospel of John (the platonic term "logos" translated into "the Word", is equated with Jesus).  When Constantine and his followers increasingly incorporated Christianity into the Roman Empire, different streams of Christianity rivaled for acceptance as the "one, true Church" leading to such protracted debates [at times settled by force] as to whether Jesus and God are better described as homoiousios or homoousios (of 'similar' and 'identical' substance, respectively, pp. 180-181).  Freeman is convincing both in his description of the evolution of Christian ideology and of the interrelation between politics and theology.  But when coming to explain the 'Closing of the Western Mind", Freeman's outlook is too focused.  Surely any account of the death and rebirth of Western science has to take into account the economic, military and politic circumstances.  The Fall of Reason has something to do with the Rise of Faith, but both are much affected with such prosaic occurrences as the breakdown of the Pax Romana, the failure of communication, the deterioration of roads and the shrinking economy.  The Fall of Reason was but one strand in the great drama of late antiquity - the destruction of the political order, and the fall of the Roman Empire.     