 The more I read historians write about their craft, the clearer it becomes how little there actually is to say about historiography.  If Historiography is the study of the principles, theories, or methodology of historical research, then that study seems both at its infancy and at a dead end.  We know that the past happened; We can know discreet facts about it and can write compare account of it based on how well they account for the known historical facts and documents.  These statements can be clarified and elaborated, but that is, essentially, it.    The real questions in history - What is important and what is marginal?  How do historians construct an account by selecting data, and how they divide the past into discreet units ('The American Revolution', 'World War II', etc), how is causation defined and explained - these, and many other questions, remain unanswered.  We can identify good history when we see it, but no matter how sophisticated and learned, historians' theories of history (other then empiricism, that is, getting the facts right) are, well, close to non existent.    Starting with the late sixties, and increasingly during the eighties and the nineties, a related series of ideas started to form that did offer, in a way, a theory of history (and of the social sciences, and of human knowledge generally).  This movement, essentially a French take on Nietzsche and Heidegger's ideas, is known by many names: critics Paul R. Gross and Norman Levitt, after rejecting the neo-log "New Rage Intellectuals", called the movement "the Academic Left".  In this book, Keith Windschuttle refers to it as "Literary critics and social theorists".  But the most common term is "Postmodernism".     Essentially, what all brands of Postmodernism share is a deep distrust of the existence of objective knowledge about reality.  Speaking broadly, Post-modernists deny that we can know the world for certain.  Rather, the sciences and history are social constructs - the myths of Western society, called forth to serve the interests of the hegemony, and to dominate and dispossess "The Other": Women, Homosexuals, non-Western cultures, etc.  Like many other critics, Windschuttle is opposed to this movement, believing (in somewhat of a hyperbole, in my opinion), that it is a "lethal process well underway" (p. xii).  He argues that relying on these theories leads historians ashtray; and he offers a series of "road tests" to examine how reliable the Postmodern histories are (ibid).  Windschuttle does a commendable job both at describing and differentiating between the different threads that constitute Postmodernism - 'Structuralism', 'Post-Structuralism', 'Anti-humanism', 'Semiotics', etc.  His is the best account of the writings of Michel Foucault I've ever read (pp. 131-171), and he generally makes the case for his opponents better then they would themselves.  Indeed, it often seems that Windschuttle finds things of value in these works - whether it is Greg Dening's research into flogging in the British Navy (p. 73).  In a moderate and much watered down form, Windschuttle can even agree with some of the conclusions.  He reasonably accepts that culture played a "highly influential" role in the warfare of the Mexica against the Spanish, as the Postmodernist claim, but demonstrates that culture was not the primary cause of their defeat (p. 59).     While Windschuttle's case studies about Postmodern history are most illuminating, he is on less even ground where he discusses theory.  In a chapter about history as a social science, Windschuttle takes us through the entire Popper/Kuhn/Feyerabend debates, in account that is not so much wrong as unfocused.  As Amazon reviews demonstrate, the most controversial aspect of Windschuttle's book is probably his attack on Karl Popper who is seen as one of the 'good guys' - that is, a strong advocate of science and no supporter of relativism.  Although I see where Windschuttle is going with his critique, I prefer more subtle accounts, such as the one offered by Alan Sokal and Jean Bricmont in chapter four of 'Intellectual Impostures'.  Windschuttle, like other critics, demonstrates that, yes, the king is naked.  Given the gross inaccuracies, defect logic, and questionable morality of Postmodernism, let alone the periodical humiliations that come when some respected vehicle of Postmodernism is exposed (Heidegger and Paul De Man's relations with Nazism, Sokal's hoax, etc), why does Postmodernism still have adherents within the academy?  How come so many educated people, who should have known better, don't?  Although many historical, political and institutional factors are involved, one answer stands out of Windschuttle's account: Postmodernism seduces with theory.  Paul Krugman, explaining why he is an economist, wrote: "Economists may make lots of bad predictions, but they do have a method - a systematic way of thinking about the world that is more true than not, that gives them genuine if imperfect expertise".  Other social sciences don't have such a method.  As Krugman puts it "other social sciences are still waiting for their Adam Smiths". (Paul Krugman "Why I am an Economist (sigh)" www.pkarchive.org/theory/serfdom.html)  At least part of the appeal of Postmodernism, I believe, is that it promises such a method - a theory that will give a systematic outlook, that will allow glimpses at the bigger picture.  But such a theory is nowhere in sight, and the fools will rush in where angels fear to thread.       