 I'm pretty new in the Dylan game, having first been exposed to him after seeing one of his great concerts in October 2000.  Since then, I've been slowly collecting Dylan albums, live albums, and bootlegs, but I'm not nearly the Dylan expert that some other reviewers are. One of the things I like about later Dylan is that the musicianship and production has generally improved considerably.  In early masterpieces, the instrumentations, although occasionally showing flashes of genious (the Organ in Like a rolling Stone, for example), can be quite weak.  the drumming especially, tends to keep one rythm and stay with it for an entire tune, and for every song in which that works (Highway 61 Revisited), there are at least two songs where that fails (Tombstone Blues, Lily Rosmary and the Jack og Hearts). In fact, when listening two new versions of the old classics, I'm amazed on how much better dylan got at playing them (his vocals aside).  The dynamics in live versions of 'Desolation Row' for example, makes it a much better song in 90s performances then it was in the 60s original. With almost no exception, the very effective musicianship is evident throughout this album.  Producer Daniel Lanois probably deserve much of the credit; that has been said.  I believe, though, that Oh Mercy is even superior to Lanois and Dylan's famed collaboration of TIME OUT OF MIND. TIME OUT OF MIND is an extremely consistant album.  Sure, a few tracks are stronger (Tryin' to Get to Heaven and especially Not Dark Yet), and some are weaker (Dirt Road Blues and the godawful Make You Feel My Love), but overall, the album is very solid, a good listening throughout, but without much variation and highlights.  Oh Mercy is much less consistant, but more interesting - the high points are higher, and the weak points more plentiful and weaker,although I don't think any song here is as bad as Make You Feel My Love, let alone as bad as some of the stuff Dylan gave us before and after (Wiggle Wiggle, anyone?  Or how about Silvio?) Oh Mercy starts with POLITICAL WORLD, a strong, straight rocker that brings Dylan back to the territories of social observation he has mostly abandoned (and which are nowhere in sight in TOOM).  It's a very good song, and a very promising opener for the album, Unfortunately, the promise is unfulfilled with WHERE TEARDROPS FALL.  It is frustrating that such a great title is wasted on such a weak song, filled with childlish rythem and fairly obvious lyrics (I'm gonna meet you where teardrops fall).  The singing in the chorus is somewhat annoying, too.  But, cloaking at about 2 minuted and a half, this isn't a major problem. The next song is much better.  Some dislike EVERYTHING IS BROKEN because it's a 'list' song, but I think it works perfectly at forming images in your head.  The song pretty much rocks, which is usually positive, and the lyrics, deceptively simple, are quite clever (there's no use jiving, there's no use jokin' - everything is broken). RING THEM BELLS I was familiar with, having heard it in Greatest Hits, vol. 3.  This is certainly one of the best Dylan songs.  It has a quiet force that is similar (and superior) to FOREVER YOUNG.  The piano is great, and the lyrics show tha Dylan can deal with spirituality in manners more subtle than he does in his Christian albums.   MAN IN THE LONG BLACK COAT is one of the most discussed songs in this album, and you can see why.  It is powerful, surreal, and mysterious.  The music is quite haunting.  My only problem is the Waltz-esque way Dylan sings part of the lyrics.  I understand this has an effect that adds feelings of paranoia and Mystery to the song, but in my view, the downside is that Dylan's singing makes this song a bit too awkward.  Still, it IS a good song.   Another song I was familiar with was MOST OF THE TIME, having heard it in a Bob boot from 1992.  The song is thematically linked to TOOM, and is superior to most of the songs in that album.  The sad reflection on a past relationship is both emotional and thoughful.  Clearly one of the best songs here. The next three songs are the quiet, acoustic numbers Dylan writes a million of.  The best of these is WHAT WAS IT YOU WANTED, a song about a finished relationship, but that one is too long.  DISEASE OF CONCEIT seems like a good idea that went wrong in the excecution, and it would be interesting to see the song released again with new lyrics and revised music, perhaps on a live album.  WHAT GOOD AM I? is as unremarkable as the title suggests. The last song ios the quiet, brooding Shooting Star, definetly a highlight, that also appears in Dylan's MTV unplugged performance.  It has a maturity and charm that ends this album perfectly.  The lyrics are engaging and challanging, and this is another highlight. The most frustrating thing about Oh Mercy are the outtakes.  Two great Dylan songs, DIGNITY and SERIES OF DREAMS, were written during the sessions for the album, but for some reason were not included here.  Oh Mercy would've been aknowledged as a masterpiece by all parties had those songs been on it.  As it is, it's a very uneven album, and many of the songs here are amoung Dylan's best - which means you have to have it.     