  This is going to be one spoiler laden review, so read on at your own peril.  "Flightplan" is an extremely stylish film, truly intense, with Jodie Foster's dependable excellence - but it is also very silly; with the plot far too convoluted to be taken seriously.  It's quite clear that the creators first imagined the scenario, and later tried to desperately come up with a plot to explain all the strange events of the film.  They failed.   As in "Panic Room", Jodie Foster again plays a single mother who has to defend her daughter from criminals in a close structure.  This time, it is an airplane, and her Daughter is missing... or is she actually dead, and Foster delusional?  You can trust Hollywood that she is missing, victim to the grandest conspiracy conceivable:  At least three conspirators (including the head of a German Morgue) have murdered Foster's husband, hid detonation devices in the Coffin, and later kidnapped her Daughter.  Why?  Because as a flight engineer, Foster is a perfect alternative suspect to the real criminals, who plan on hijacking the plane for money, and then pinning the killing on Foster, who is expected to be conveniently dead by that time.  Sounds overly complicated?  Wait, there is more.  With the help of the corrupt Berlin morgue director, the hijackers create the illusion that Foster's daughter had died along with her father.  Thus, when Foster summons up the Captain and the crew to help search for the little girl, they doubt her sanity.  Now this is preposterous.  The plot relays on no one noticing Foster's daughter as the she boards and enters the plane.  How could they count on it on advance?  Furthermore, they have phones on planes nowadays; After the Captain informs Foster that the morgue in Berlin told him that she was dead; all she has to do is call the nanny who had been with the child when the father had died, and get corroboration for her story.  Of course she doesn't.  But even if nobody did that, and the hijackers do manage to take the daughter's boarding pass from the mother without anyone noticing, there is still the risk that the while searching the plane, the crew would have stumbled on the girl anyway.  As one of the passengers says "this is a tube.  How far could she have gone?"  All these (and many more) objections not withstanding, Flightplan is still a good movie.  It's first half, particularly, is impressive.  The German director Robert Schwentke manages to create a very intense atmosphere, and make good use of the visually striking air plane to convey claustrophobia.  Maybe you won't have anything quite as inventive as camera-passing-through-the-key-hole of Panic Room, but it's visually striking and effective.  As the acting goes, Foster is superb hitting the exactly right emotional tones; as is Sean Bean as the Captain.  The rest of the cast is also solid.  Perhaps most important, although I didn't quite buy the premise of the film as I was watching it, the glaring implausibility and the gigantic plot holes only came up in the post mortem - while watching, I was totally immersed.  So lean back in your seat, get yourself a drink, and let me wish you 'bon voyage'.      