 Steven Spielberg's latest film, "Munich", is among the most frustrating films I've ever seen:  The frustration comes from its Schizophrenic nature - going back and forth from high competence to utter brilliance during the first two thirds, then to a rapid deterioration during the last part, ending with three quarters of an hour of the most unwatchable, torturous, movie experience in memory.  During the break (and yes, we have breaks in movies in Israel - a cynical method of selling some more Popcorn), I turned to the friend I watched this film with and told him how much I enjoyed it.  During the last quarter of an hour, we quietly debated whether we really have to sit through the experience.  'Munich' is the tale of Avner Kaufman (Eric Bana), the leader of a top secret, quasi official Israeli assassination squad, sent to execute the men behind the Munich Olympic Game massacre of Israeli athletes.  The film follows Avner and his team's attempts to 'target kill' the eleven men behind the plot.   The problem as I see it, is that Spielberg creates an action film with a deep underlying reflection:  Two themes run beneath the surface: one is that violence breeds violence;  The circle of violence is not solved by killing the murderers, who will be swiftly replaced by other, equally if not more vicious killers.  The second theme is that he who commits violence is effected by it.  In Nietzsche's memorable phrase: "if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you".   Unlike some critics, I do not think the movie ever really equates the Terrorists and Israeli assassins.  But it does ponder about the price Civilization pays, as Golda Meir says it "negotiates with its values".  Whether you agree with the messages or not, the film, initially at least, does not hit you over the head with them.  From the opening scene in which American athletes unwittingly aid the Palestinian terrorists to enter the Olympic compound, the film proceeds at full speed ahead as Israel calculates it response.  In one of the most effective scenes in recent films, Golda Meir (perfectly portrayed by Lynn Cohen;  if ever a performance deserved an academy award, this is surely it) debates and decides on launching an assassination attack on the terrorists.  What follows are two hours of a thinking person's action flick.  Avner Kauffman and his squad make the acquaintance of a family of information brokers, who tips them on the whereabouts of the 11 terrorists.  The relations with the family, represented by the mysterious Papa (Michael Lonsdale) and the cool Louis (Mathieu Amalric) gets tangled when Avner and his team pass on the information to the Mossad, and participate in an Israeli raid on the terrorists' headquarters in Bayreuth (which is based upon a real raid which was led by Israel's later Prime Minister, Ehud Barak).  Papa promises to keep doing business with Avner and his group, but it seems that the Family double crosses them, harboring them in a safe house with other Palestinian terrorists and possibly selling the information on their whereabouts to their enemies.  Things seem to head to a climax when the team goes after their prime target, Munich mastermind Ali Hassan Salameh,  Salameh is saved from assassination by a group of belligerent Americans in London, apparently CIA agents (Interestingly the implication that the CIA was involved with the Black September terrorists seemed to have gone without comment among the film's reviewers.  Surely that said something about the American trust in their own government).  Then the group is targeted by a beautiful and mysterious Dutch operative (Marie-Jose Croze)...   In Nick Cave's words, "Where do we go from here... but Nowhere?"  Throughout the film, Spielberg weaves in the aforementioned themes, in a way that is disturbing but not overwhelming:  The Group come within an eye blink of killing pre-adolescent Amina Hamshari instead of her terrorist father.  A Porter in a Cyprus hotel, who becomes unwittingly an aid in an assassination, throws away the blood money he receives.  But the weaving is subtle;  The message is in the details.  In the film's end, all subtlety is gone.  Instead, Spielberg seemingly turns to the audience and starts preaching:  "This is important!  I have a message!  Here Comes The Message!!! Make sure you don't miss THE MESSAGE!!!".  So we have forty five minutes or so of unwatchable film, as the action comes to a stop and Avner meditates upon the great calamity of violence.  Its slow, emotionally manipulative (alas ineffectively so), condescending, and utterly dull.  Spielberg is on the soapbox and he won't let go.  As I've said, there is much to like about this film.  The action scenes are gripping, and the acting is simply superb (It is a rare film indeed where an actor as good as Eric Bana - who was virtually the only redeeming virtue in the otherwise unwatchable TROY - is overshadowed by the other case members, particularly Lynn Cohen as Prime Minister Meir, Lonsdale and Amalric as Papa and Louis, and Geoffrey Rush as Avner's operator, Ephraim). Throughout much of the film, Spielberg does his usual magic.  But all is overshadowed by the dreadfully dull Coda.  It is so bad it really erases all the good will the film's previous 2 hours has generated.  And so as much as I loved parts of it, I cannot recommend Munich to anyone.       