 Longtime watchers of the strange career of Nick Cave have to get used to rapid transformations; And yet, Abattoir Blues/ Lyre of Orpheus must strike one as among the greatest surprises of Cave's careers; Just when we've been ready to write him off as a has been, Cave comes back with a vengeance, with the best collection of songs of his career.  I'd dare say that Nick Cave fans have been less then thrilled with some of the recent Nick Cave material;  His pursuit of pop and self parody in 'Murder Ballads', 'Boatman's Call', with good songs but weak performances, and 'No More Shall We Part' which featured one great, classic Cavean track (Fifteen Feet of Pure White Snow) and a few decent tunes, but featured too many overproduced and overplayed songs, with Cave's usual humor and clever lyrics seemingly out of sight.  Things were getting worse with Nocturama, easily the weakest album of Cave's career, which found him with a series of weak, endless ballads ('Rock of Gibraltar', 'Still in Love'), mundane 'alternative' pop ('Bring it on'), and attempts at recapturing the energy of the old punk that sounded forced rather then powerful ('Dead man in my bed').  The announcement of long time Bad Seed Blixa Belgrad's departure seemed to confirm that Nick Cave would settle producing more half hearted, watered down, more-of-the-same.  Oh, sometimes it's great to be wrong.  In retrospect, there were signs for the future also in the bleak years of the early 2000s.  Nocturama's closer, "Babe I'm on Fire", while grating to some, found Cave at fifteen minutes of pure rock'n'roll;  and the live tour following Nocturama, while focusing of the then latest albums tracks, nonetheless featured interesting straight-forward rock renditions of 'From Her To Eternity' and 'Deanna'.  Abattoir Blues/Lyre of Orpheus finds a metamorphosed Nick Cave.  No longer the Punk bluesman, we get Nick the Rock Star.  The double album is Nick Cave playing it straight.  Of course, straight is a relative concept;  For the uninitiated, the Gospel-on-Speed of 'Get Ready for Love', the weirdness of 'Hiding all the way', and Warren Ellis's flute in 'Breathless' would be anything but straightforward, and this is before we get to the lyrics of murder, incestuous relationships, poisonous snakes, and dining with Cannibals.  Yet, in Cave's terms, this is a visit to a terra nova.  And the results are nothing short of spectacular.  At first, I considered Abattoir Blues to be the winner, while Lyre of Orpheus to be a weaker album.  But now I consider them roughly equal; Abattoir is more solid, but Lyre has two of the three outstanding tracks.  Opening with 'Get Ready for Love', Cave screams of the glory of the divine with a backing of a Gospel choir and pounding drums;  'Cannibal Hymn' is slower but no less powerful, it is poetic and powerful, a great track.  'Hiding it All Away' is a weird, Tom Waits-esque track, while 'The Fable of the Brown Ape' is a song of slaughter in a country side.  The single 'Nature Boy' is pure pop, but it sounds more natural then Nocturama's 'Bring it On', and contains lyrics which are extremely atypical for Cave:  You took me back to your place and dressed me up in a deep sea diver's suit You played the patriot, you raised the flag and I stood at full salute      The Lyre of Orpheus contains a share of duds, like the opening title track, and the overlong, closer 'O Children'.  But it also contains the wonderful ballads 'Easy Money': "All the things for which my heart yearns/ Gives joy in diminishing returns" and 'Spell', with a repetitive riff barring it from the rank of a classic.  Lyre holds two of the greatest tracks in here, which are among Cave's best:  'Supernaturally", which is a hard rockin' track with great lyrics: "I chase you up and down the stairs/under tables and over chairs/ reach out and I touch your hair/ and it cuts me like a knife".  Even better is Breathless, a beautiful tune of love for the divine: no use talking about how great it is - you must hear it yourself.  And back to 'Abattoir', You can catch Nick Cave at his rocking best, the hardest rocker in Cave's catalogue (with the possible exception of 'Deanna'):  The Improbably titled 'There She Goes My Beautiful World', a song about writer's block and straggling with your muse, featuring Cave's meditation of art and inspiration:   John Wilmot penned his poetry riddled with the pox Nabakov wrote on index cards, at a lectem, in his socks St. John of the Cross did his best stuff imprisoned in a box And Johnny Thunders was half alive when he wrote Chinese Rocks    His recent records suggest that Cave has known frustrations from his muse, but here he has her very much in grip.     