 I first read 'The Guns of the South' about two years ago, following recommendations that it was Harry Turtledove's best book. The idea (and the cover featuring Lee with the AK 47) - was intriguing enough. Someone from the future supplies the Confederated with advanced weapons - but who and why, and what will the South do with these weapons? The beginning was promising. The opening chapter, I am the first to admit, is nothing short of magnificent. With effective, although not always pretty, prose, Turtledove describes Lee's wonder at the arrival of the new weapons, and the feeling of great changes to come.  Unfortunately, from that moment on, the book starts to disappoint. First, it introduces Nate Caudell, a 'simple' soldier, who is supposed to give us the view from the Trenches. His chapters, interwoven with those focusing on Lee, are always inferior in interest than the Lee chapters. Lee, the real and the imaginary, is much more interesting than the sergeant. Furthermore, the prose is not particularly appealing. In an attempt to catch the feeling of the time, Turtledove has Lee saying things like (in a single, completely typical paragraph) "I do indeed, Colonel" and "May I please have a pen and a scrap of paper". If you read some of Lee's letters, you get a man who was not such a parody of the Southern Gentleman. Those are minor faults. There are two real problems with the book, which make it, ultimately, a failure, although one that can have an appeal for fans of military fiction. The first is the overall type of the book. As a time travel story, 'The Guns of the South' should be a science fiction tale. It could have been a high concept story, in which forces from the future play like Gods in Victorian America, and the locals try to adapt. At the very least, some considerations of the logic behind the time traveller's actions should be considered. Why do South African white supremacist want to control the CSA? And if they have detailed plans to its future (as they do), why give the locals the weapons that will allow them independent action? Predictably, Lee's soldiers use the South African's weapons against them. As none of these issues get even the least bit of consideration, the AWB people remain as the Deus Ex Machina source for no less than one hundred thousand AK-47s, and as the over top racist villains. (As another reviewer wonders, does Turtledove really suggest that the Apartheid was worse than African Slavery? or that American slaveholders were more moral than AWB aristocrats?) But in truth, Turtledove is not interested in all these things. The AK-47 serve merely as a gimmick (and, may I be cynical enough to suggest, a promotion) in his alternative civil war. Unlike the 'World War' series, which at least acknowledged the great changes that a superior force would bring to the world of the 1940s, here Turtledove merely wishes to speculate about what would have been the outcome of the US Civil War, had the 'War of Northern Aggression' ended differently. Unfortunately, for all Turtledove's familiarity of the minuet details of regiments in the Army of Northern Virginia, he seems strangely incomprehensive as to the broader picture of the South in antebellum America. Even when I read the book for the first time, knowing nothing about the US Civil War, I found the premise Turtledove promoted extremely far-fetched. Now, when I am somewhat of a Civil War buff, the glaring improbability of the scenario shouts out from the pages. In short, Turtledove fancies (there really is no better word), a liberal Confederacy, led by the abolitionist Robert E. Lee, which starts an extremely rapid movement of gradual emancipation. This is highly unlikely. For start, the Southern way of life and economy were intimately linked with Slavery, the degree that abolition would have completely changed the fabric of society. Throughout the Civil War, the price of slaves actually rose and over the rapid inflation. Not only were plantation life intimately linked with the 'peculiar institution', but one of the upper South most important exports was slaves for the South. Furthermore, as late as April 1865, when the South finally organized black battalions, Jefferson Davis could not get congress to emancipate even the black soldiers, let alone their families or the entire black population of the South. This was despite the obvious military necessity, and the endorsement of both Davis and Lee. Had the confederacy won the war, they would have most certainly seen their way of life vindicated by God. The miraculous arrival of the weapons certainly would have encouraged them to stick to their ways. Nor does Turtledove pay any attention to the State Rights philosophy. Before the war, not even the abolitionists believed that they has a constitutional right to abolish slavery in the states, and indeed some considered the constitution to be an agent of slavery. In the South, the wildly held Calhoun doctrine claimed that Congress did not even have the right to abolish slavery in the territories. If anything, the Confederate constitution was even more pro-State rights and slavery than the US constitution. The idea that central government in the South would do what even the black republican could not is pure fantasy. The sheer quantity of positive reviews is an indication that this book has great appeal to some people. Why the preeminent US Civil War historian, James McPherson 'could not put THE GUNS OF THE SOUTH down' is a complete mystery to me. If you are looking for a good Science Fiction book, or for a good alternative history of the Civil War, look elsewhere.     