 Wild Cards III: Jokers Wild is a novel, written by different authors.  Each tells the story of one character: Melinda Snodgrass -roulette and her attempts to murder Tachyon. Leanne Harper - the Bag lady, bagabond Walton  Simons - Demise, the black queen who survived Lewis Shiner - The annoying  Fortunato, pimp in an endless quest against all sorts of things. John  Miller - Wraith, a thief who can moce through walls. Edward Bryant - Sewer  Jack, an Aligator man who's a friend of Bagabond. and, the highlight of the  book, as well as most of the others: George R R Martin - tale o Hiram  Worchester, the owner of the acclaimed ACES HIGH, a true anti  hero. Basically there are two plot lines - Wraith steals a note book from  Kien, a minor villan from Wild Cards 2 and 3, and lots of characters get  involved in the attempt to reach them.  This is a 'McGavin' of the worst  kind, though there are some nice twists to the tale, and after all this is  a parody of Comic books. The other plot involves the Astronomer, who  summoned TIAMAT in ACES HIGH.  He wishes revenge on all the aces who  attacked his Mason in that book. All these events happen during 'Wild Card  Day', September 15, when NYC is filled with Jokers, Aces and tourists, and  Hiram Worchester puts a huge party in 'Aces High', his restaurant( not to  confuse with ACES HIGH, the second wild card book). sound interesting?   Well, it is, but it's also really confusing.  Written by 7 authors, it  follows 7 different tales, and they don't combine into a single one all too  well.  Oh, it's often exciting, but its difficult to follow, especially as  some of the writers( Martin, Snodgrass), are far more powerful then some of  the others( though they aren't the only talented ones, of  course). Another flaw of the book( a complain, rather), is that none of  the main repeat characters are favorites of mine.  I've loathed Fortunato  from the moment I've first read of him, and while he improves occasionally  here, he's not someone who's tale I particularily enjoy.  But at least his  stories feature the cool Astronomer( A true Comic villan, though I would  have liked him to interact with the heros a little more) and other aces.   Sewer Jack and Bagabond deal only with each other, and with equally dull  and bizarre DAs and Mobsters. Overall it's nice but I don't see the great  varriety and uniquness of the first 2 books.  Its neither a dark tapestry  of interesting, if uneven stories like WILD CARDS, or a comics book with an  edge story like ACES HIGH.  Its just a highly readable, if disjoint, action  novel. I liked it, but I hope the next ones will be better.     