 I've had the pleasure of seeing the WHO live in their reunion tour.  It was great fun - huge arenas, great production values, high energy performances - but it was not art.  It was 55 year old people performing songs that were mostly written 10 years and more before I was born.  They pretended for a while that they were still in the 1970s, and that, Keith Moon or not, the Who were still the people of old, and that nothing has changed.  But they were wrong, and so what we got was a great concert - but very little in the way of novelty or excitement.  It was a nostalgic act - energetic and capable, but belonging in a museum nonetheless. But, this - Pete Townshend's Live album - is the real thing.  This is the work of an artist, not a historian. I'm completely unfamiliar with Townshend's solo work, but I love the WHO, and dig live concerts, so, when this was sold at a reasonable price, it was an obvious purchase. Townshend here presents material roughly equally distributed throughout his career.  Fortunately, the reworkings of oldies breath new lives into them - Anyway, Anyhow, Anywhere is no longer a proto-punk quickie - rather it becomes a rich, complex and powerful composition testifying for Townshend's youth.  Drowned is truly improved upon, getting a more subdude approach.  I don't know the original versions of 'Now and Than', ' Let My Love Open the Door', and You Better, You Bet, but they all work wonderfully here, the latter, especially is a great song, containing pop sensability combined with real energy and fine songwriting. The only disappointments come from the most popular and best songs on this CD - Magic Bus and Won't Get Fooled Again.  Those songs suffer from opposite problems:  Magic Bus, despite some changed lyrics (Sometimes emberassingly weak 'every bus has two decks - the upper deck, and the lower deck'), is essentially the same song as it was in the album.   Won't Get Fooled Again is reworked heavily, but since WGFA is arguably the WHO's best song, it can't be reworked to work any better than the original, and while Pete Townshend is a fine singer, he can't compete with Daltrey's vocals. Those are especially unnecessary, as various live performances of these songs are available elsewhere - certainly 'Live in Leeds' include the ultimate version of Magic Bus - and non other is necessary. On the other hand, including some lesser known Townshend songs would probably have been preferable to repeating these ones, and if, they wanted to use classic Who stuff, why not ' The Kids Are Alright'  which was apperantly performed in that concert, which is thematically logical to this concert, and which doesn't appear on nearly as many Who live albums. But those are minor complains.  This is a wonderful album.  It ends with Townshend's solo performance of I'm One - Solo only if you disinclude the crowd, which recieved Townshend with the enthusiasm the performance deserved.     