 If there was ever an album that suffered from the hype, Hitting the Ground is it. When you've got one of the best current American songwriters, the frontman of the Violent Femmes, writing ten songs to be performed by some of the truly greatest people in Rock music (Lou Reed, John Cale, Frank Black, They Might Be Giants) - your expectations hit the roof. So ultimately, Hitting the Ground can't help but disappoint.  It is a good record - at times, it's even very good.  But when you consider the caliber of the talents gathered on it, it should have been a classic, a must have, the best album of 2002.  And it isn't. It doesn't help that the album clocks at about 30 minutes - charged at full price. Hitting the Ground starts (and finished) with a rendition of the title track, a hard rockin' song, performed by Patti Smith.  Hmm, no, I mean, PJ Harvey, who has by now passed the point where she's considered a fan, and enters into the category of 'Patti Smith Doppelganger'.  Not a bad thing, mind you - Harvey's singing is powerful, and the song is among the best here. Mary Lou Lord's subtle "Oh Wonder" is next, and it's pretty good, although I think it is a bit too long and it could've been more energetic.  Energetic is, however, the very word for 'Make It Happen', a punky song performed by Gano himself.  Unfortunately, the song is really a fairly mundane affair, performed with great enthusiasm but little else. "don't Pretend" is one of the great disappointments of this CD.  Gano gave Cale a pedantic device, and Cale's treatment is lifeless.  The song IS catchy in a way, but it never goes anywhere.  From a pianist in Cale's level, you could've wished for more. As Lou Reed received credits for co-authoring "Catch 'Em in the Act", I don't know whether he or Gano should be blamed for the abysmal lyrics.  They are really quite awful - "This little doggy is gonna be a Rotweiller" is a pretty typical line.  Reed does sound energetic, and seems to enjoy himself more than he has on any record since 'Set the Twilight Reeling', but the dreadful lyrics and the generic Funk-Rock of the tune make this a loser, even if it has its charm. "So it goes" on the other hand, is a beautiful, beautiful ballad, one that will please both fans of Alternative Rock and Contemporary Pop.  Yes, it is that good. The best track for me, on the album, is "Run".  This is not only because Frank Black is one of my favorite singer/songwriters, but also because he so perfectly understands the lightweight lyrics.  Hearing Frank scream "Run! Run! Run! Run! run-run-runrunrun ruuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuunnnnnnnnnnn!  is hilarious.  Frank doesn't take himself or the song too seriously, and created a classic song, one that could prove a concert favourite for both him and Gano. "Darlin' Alison" is another good track, by kings of weirdness They Might Be Giants.  They really add their own spark to Gano's song. Unfortunately, the run of good tracks end with the irritating ballad "Merry Christmas, Brother" which is a slow, feelgood tune, with nothing to redeem it from the 'All Family' Market. "It's Money" is a beatlesesque affair, and I guess it's fine for people who are into that kind of thing.  I thought it was generic and dull. Finally, the closing rendition of "Hitting the Ground" is pretty identical to the opening one, except that this time it is Gano singing, not PJ Harvey. Ultimately, more than half of the album are keepers, and "Run" is a near classic.  for an ordinary album, this would've been quite sufficient.  Given the talents involved in this project, I can't help but feel disappointed.     