 Michael Oren has written a captivating account of the diplomatic, political, and biographical circumstances around the war the Israelis call 'The Six Day War' and the Arabs know as 'The June War'.  As the glowing reviews, on Amazon.Com and elsewhere suggest, this is a captivating, well researched book, that will almost certainly be known as a classic.  After an introduction which traces the Israeli-Arab conflict to the 1960s, Oren starts unrolling the events that lead to the outbreak of the war - namely, the boarder clashes between Israel and Syria, the attacks by Palestinian Militants (or terrorists, or revolutionaries, take your pick), and the counter attacks (or raids, or Imperialistic demonstrations of power) by Israelis. The crisis took an escalation with the evacuation of the United Nation Emergency Force from Egypt, thus closing Israel's red sea port, and the movement of Egyptian forces into the Sinai desert.   Oren's description of the political forces at work, going back and force from Jerusalem, Cairo, Damascus, Moscow and Washington DC (with stops at Amman, Paris and the UN headquarters in New York City), is nothing short of masterful.  He describes how internal power struggles within the Arab world and within Egypt moved Egypt towards a confrontation with Israel and the Unites States, and how political forces within Israel, as well as a wish to maintain close relationships with the US ruled Israeli political movements. I was struck by the major role U Thant, the Secretary General of the United Nations played in the conflict.  By pulling the UN forces from the straits of Tiran that rapidly, Thant boosted Egyptian's pride.  Had Thant stood up to Nasser, perhaps the war could have been evaded. Equally interesting is Oren's depiction of US President Johnson, heavily involved in the much criticized war in Vietnam, unable to give Israel the support that it asked for - and thus, in the eyes of the Israeli leadership, giving it the green light to strike. The attack, launched by Israeli airforce on the 5th of June 1967, caught the Egyptian unaware.  Israeli operation Focus, the destruction of Egyptian air fields, was a resounding success.  In a way, the war was already won. The greatest weakness of Oren's account is in the description of the military operation.  Frankly, they were so confused, with hardly any maps, that I don't think you can understand much about the ground level events of the war, or about the military strategy at all the levels except the highest, unless you already know a great deal about it beforehand. This fault, however, does not really mar this otherwise excellent account, which goes on to describe the mix of responses in the Arab world, both desperation and euphoria (due to the phantasmagorial propaganda), the accusations that the US aided Israel (what Johnson called 'The Big Lie'), and the unfortunate attack on the USS Liberty by Israeli forces (Which Oren convincingly demonstrates was an accident). Most interesting, Oren describes the attempt to secure a cease-fire, and Israel's attempts to duck, delay and win time.  After trying hard to avoid the war, Israeli leaders were unwilling to end it without a major change in the political landscape - the conquest of vast territories in the Sinai desert, the West Bank, and the Goal Heights.   I was also amazed to read about the complete lack of strategic planning in the side of Israel.  While military plans were finely drawn and perfectly executed, there was apparently no thought at all given to the goals of the war, beyond a somewhat naive wish to expand Israel's boarders and repay the Arab aggressors.  Decisions such as weather to conquer East Jerusalem, to cross the tunnel, or to invade Syria, were done on the spur on the moment.  Worse, they were often carried out not by the Government, but by the whims of Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Dayan. This is perhaps the most extraordinary revelation I had while reading Oren's book - that Dayan, and virtually Dayan alone, decided almost all the important decisions of the war.  Not Prime Minister Eshkol, not the Israeli government, and not the international community made the decisions.  For better or worse, almost everything in the modern Middle East is the consequence of the solitary decisions of Moshe Dayan.   Almost four decades later, in the middle of yet another wave of Israeli-Arab violence, I find that highly troubling, but strangely Ironic, and I fear that, in this regard at least, little has changed.  In the event of an all out war, will the next forty or fifty years be decided by one charismatic leader in the Israeli cabinet?     