 "Germany's War and the Holocaust" is a collection of essays about History and Historiography, action and representation, facts and biases in the history of the German war machine and its savage behavior. The underlying theme throughout all the essays is the 'Functionalist' versus the 'Intentionalist' schools of thought regarding the Holocaust.  The 'Functionalist' (generally German, traditional and right wing, although there are many notable exceptions such as Hannah Ardent) sees the Holocaust as a consequence of inter-German politics, of the escalation of violence in Totalitarian regimes, and of beaurecrats following orders.  The 'Internationalist' school (often Jewish, left wing in the German context - although serving multiple political purposes abroad) focuses on the effect of anti-Semitism both among the Germans, the nations cooperating with the Germans (mostly in East Europe and Russia), and the Nazi leadership. Bartov puts himself is the moderate Intentionalist camp, recognizing that the Holocaust was created as part of the German social, political and military policies, but also sees racist ideology as important.  Indeed, Bartov's objection to monocasual explanation is commendable. Most of the book is evaluation of different works published in the field recently.  The level of the articles (and the quality of the prose) was unequal, from the very good to the damn near unreadable. Among the worst, is the final essay 'Germans as Jews' a nearly incoherent discussion of the roles of Jews in German post war representations.  On the other hand, discussions of Blitzkrieg and of Gotz Aly's thesis that the holocaust was the only part the Nazis managed to excecute from a much grander policy to completely change the racial nature of the Europe, are very interesting. Much of the book is a discussion of Daniel Goldhagen's now infamous "Hitler's Willing Executioners: Ordinary Germans the Holocaust".  Bartov's critique of the book is interesting but hardly unique, as Bartov more or less follows the standard historian's consensus of valuing the refocus on anti-Semitism as a cause for the holocaust, and of interesting reports on some lesser known aspects of the holocaust, while rejecting the overall thesis as far too sweeping. A full chapter on the public controversy regarding the publication of Goldhagen's book is interesting but shallow.  There are better studies of the perception of the Holocaust in some countries, which present a much more nuanced view - among them Peter Novick's wonderful "The Holocaust in American Life" and Tom Segev's "The Seventh Million: Israelis and the Holocaust". My favorite essay was the one about Victor Klemperer's diary "I will bear witness".  Bartov describes Victor Klemperer, a middle aged academic and a German patriot, who finds that Germany abandons him.  Strangely, instead of feeling hatred and alienation from Germany, Klemperer sees himself as virtually the last German, the only preserver of German values and ethics, and most of all a cultural tradition that the Germans abandoned, and that he, the Jew, had to keep for them.     