 For  two nights in January 2006, (the 18th and 19th, to be exact), I was there with hundreds of other John Cale fans to witness the opening of the European tour, in support of Cale's newest album, Black Acetate.  As a big, but not obsessive, Cale fan (I have to confess I prefer Cale's Velvet Underground partner, Lou), I expected a lot - but I got more than I bargained for.  Backed with three musicians young enough to be his daughter's boyfriends, Cale, armed with guitars (electric and acoustic), keyboards, and his trademark electric viola (sadly only for one song - the Velvet's "VENUS IN FURS"), delivered a 2 hour something set, that was better then we had any right to hope for.  Covering everything from Velvet Underground Classics (the aforementioned Venus, as well as Nico's Femme Fatal, delivered in a weird Jazzy version and mixed with another song) to Primal Punk songs (the brilliant, murderous and hillarious 'GUTS'), from experimental avant-guard music ('HUSH', 'VIRGIN MARY') to beautiful Ballads - 'BUFFALLO BALLET', 'CLOSE WATCH' (Introduced with the classy "This is a love song, so hold on to someone you love").  Cale's show featured Pop ('THINGS' from his comeback album 'Hobosapiens', 'PERFECT' from 'Black acetate'), Punk jams ('GUN' utterly deconstructed, and 'PABLO PICASSO', a set closer, merged with 'Mary Lou'), and straight to the bone Rock'n'Roll ('DANCING UNDERCOVER', from 'Walking on Locusts', was one of the highlights, as was the second night's closing tune, 'DIRTY ASS ROCK'N'ROLL').  Considering how much I enjoyed the concerts brought upon by the album, how could I possibly not love it?  'Black Acetate' is not as good an album as Cale's 'Hobosapiens' - but that was one of the best albums of Cale's career.  'Actate' has its share of duds - OUTTA THE BAG is a silly pop tune, BROTHERMAN a spoken word tune with too much synthesizers, HUSH is experimental but slight, and while SOLD MOTEL works well live, the Studio version is not nearly as menacing.  That said, there is still a lot for the Cale fan to love here: TURN THE LIGHTS ON, the first single, is a hard rockin' tune with a catchy lyric, while WOMAN, another live favorite is a menacing track about a woman who "wants me in a prison".  Right now, my favorite tracks are the oh-so-poppy PERFECT ("I can't help it/You're Perfect for me"), with a strange chorus in an otherwise completely Popular tune, and IN A FLOOD, which manages to convey the feeling of them blues, without actually being a blues song.    "Black Acetate' is the kind of album in which you will still discover new meanings years after you first listen to it.  I'm sure I will.  It Ain't Perfect, but it's great John Cale.     