 It is difficult to convey to the Rock fan the experience that is the Jon Spencer Blues Explosion, or to describe the joys and frustrations of this or any other of their albums.  I half jokingly describe a concert of theirs as 'Hard rock and blues jamming, with Jon Spencer occasionally screaming "Russell Simmons" "Judah Bauer"  "Blues Explosion" and "Bab-e"'. The Jon Spencer Blues Explosion is weird beast - it readily admits that it is not real authentic blues (Listen to the hilarious "Talkin' about the Blues" in ACME), but, for all that, it is closer to Blues than to Rock music.  the influence of Muddy Waters, especially, is particularly obvious (In 'Mannish Boy' for instance, Muddy actually screams 'Full Grown!', some twenty years before Jon Spencer does it on this album).   A related problem is the lack of proper songs on this and other JSBX records.  Despite his uncanny talent for the art of songwriting, Spencer almost never indulges his audience with a melodic song with proper verses and choruses.  When he does, however, he is inevitably brilliant, as in 'Brenda' on this CD, or 'She Said' on PLASTIC FANG - some of the catchiest and cleverest pieces of Rock songwriting I've ever heard. So, the JSBX is not Rock, not really Blues, doesn't write songs and screams 'Babe' a lot - but what is it?  The truth is, I don't know.  I somehow doubt anyone knows.  It's a bizarre mix of stuff that is nonetheless addictingly compelling.   `Orange' is one of the best places to start.  It has the brilliant `Brenda' that will steal your heart and the hilarious punk of `Bell-bottom'.  The title track is shouted with disdain, and `full grown' is funny and sexy and really, really strange.  Throughout, the amazing riffs of Judah Bower (who has an amazing ability to produce sheer noise out of his little electric guitar) and the mad-as-hell drumming of Russell Simmons is perfect background for Spencer's over the top delivery. Rock music is supposed to be straightforward and, well, rockin'.  JSBX are doing just that.  You can afford to miss them, but at your own peril.     