 Leonard Cohen is a unique Artist. He came into the game late (his first album was out when he was 34), and produced his masterpiece (1988's I'M YOUR MAN) when he was in his late 50s. This is the following album, and the songs in it are as good as any Cohen album - there just aren't enough of them. Cohen opens his album with the title track, by far the best song in this collection, and one of the best Cohen tracks ever. This can stand high next to Suzanne, Bird on the Wire, Hallelujah and Tower of Song. Cohen is now the prophet, mocked and misunderstood (you don't know me from the wind/ you never did, you never will/I'm the little Jew who wrote the bible). He faces a world deformed, which he fears, but others stoopidly ammulate and create (All the little poets traying to sound like Charlie Manson). he wants safety back (even the Cold War - because 'I've seen the future, it is murder'), but he knows it can never be. In the chorus, Cohen tries to defend himself from those attacking him, as he sees through their deceptions and illusions (they are the ones who want 'Christ AND Hiroshima', and thus 'When they say repent, I wonder what they meant). Following on a track as powerful as that would be impossible, but Cohen certainly comes close. Waiting for the Miracle is a strong Cohen love song, filled with the humor so evident in 'I'm Your Man' (When you're Pressed for information, that's when you've got to play it dumb/ while you're waiting, for the miracle to come). I admit I fail to see why Cohen brings in BE FOR REAL, an obscure cover, it is nowhere near as powerful as Cohen's own songs.  CLOSING TIME is a song I'm uncomfortable with. It is probably just me, but something in it doesn't quite add up. Everytime I listen to it, I admire sone lyrics (It's once for the devil and it's once for Christ), but I never get some of the rest (Why is Cohen proud that "I loved you for your beauty, that doesn't make a fool of me", and what exactly is "Closing Time"). but the melody is good and it is a powerful energetic tune. ANTHEM is a good Cohen song, probably a little better than LIGHT AS THE BREEZE. DEMOCRACY I feel uncomfortable about. First, I hate the drums, which are so obvious (Military Marsh? Come'on, you could do better than that), and second, because there is an Amercan-centricism which smacks you as arrogant (and yes, I know that cohen is a Canadian). Democracy is comming to the USA from Tianaman Square? America is the home of the best and of the worst? It is there they have the machinary for change? am I the only one who finds these lyrics troubling? But the melody is powerful and the songwriting is impeccable, so Democracy is a good listening. ALWAYS works better than Be for real, although it is another cover. The song is probably better, and Cohen and co. treats it with endearing lightheartedness and improvisation ("Alright", Cohen says at one point, "if you don't want to quit, let's do it one more time"). In fact, one only wishes that Cohen would use some of this spirit in his concert performances which often seem over rehearsed.  the last song on the album is an instrumental, which is kind of needless in the works of a poet like Cohen. All in all, this is another great Leonard Cohen album. cohen's lyrics, his voice and songwriting are at a peak, and this is a must have album to anyone who loves complex, intelectual and challanging Rock music.     