 Television's 1978 sophomore attempt has suffered from a double disadvantage in the eyes of critics, fans, and history.  First, it has a production that does it something of a disservice - it somehow doesn't catch the grandeur, the magic of the songs.  You miss the danger and the glory that these songs should, but don't quite, radiate.  The other disadvantage is simpler: It's a follow up for one of the greatest albums in Rock history - 1977's Marquee Moon. Yet this is quite a shame, because Adventure is, in its own small way, something very close to masterpiece.  Like its predecessor, Adventure relies on the masterful songwriting of Tom Verlaine, whose prowess in that department has often been overshadowed by his genius hands at the fret. Some of Verlaine's songs have been covered by Artists who brought out the pop-rock genius in them.  But television always shies away from that; even at its catchiest, it maintains a cutting edge, a unique sound and music making ethic which make Verlaine's music a connoisseur's art. The connoisseur has much to love in this release, one of the best in Verlaine's career.  Opening with 'Glory', one of Verlaine's most rewarding rock'n'roll moments, a song which could have fitted nicely in Marquee Moon (It is only the only track off 'Adventure' which Television presently perform on a regular basis).  We get a sing-along, but one which is remote nonetheless.  If you can appreciate it, you'll love it, but it'll take a poppier cover for the uninitiated to appreciate the beauty in it. As a lyricist, Verlaine is both profound and whimsical, his song often sound like the more poetic of Dylan's songs, but with a weirder sense of humor.  See the lyrics of the epic closer 'Dream's Dream':  The elevator called me up.  She said you better start making sense.  The stone was bleeding, whirling in the waltz.  I went to see her majesty. The court had no suspense.  She said, "Dream dreams the dreamer."  I said it's not my fault. The focus on Verlaine tends to turn you away from the genius of the rest of the band, but this is by no mean's a one man show.  Although clearly led by Verlaine, the interplay between Verlaine and second guitarist Richard Lloyd is legendary.  Although he's hardly the revolutionary guitarist that Verlaine is, Lloyd is a superb player and Television's sound rests to a great extent on his ability to complement Verlaine's playing.  As one who has seen them live, I can testify that it is often Lloyd's leads and riffs over Verlaine's chords that turn a great band into magicmakers. The Rhythm section, although less noticeable then Verlaine and Lloyd, is also fantastic.  It may seem to be merely staying out of the way, but rather it is a perfect, subtle combination, as you can notice in Bill Ficca's drumming on "Dream's Dream" and "Ain't that Nothin'".  Fred Smith's bass lines don't draw much attention, but he's a great bassist, and works so well with Verlaine as to be the only member of Television to have followed Verlaine into his solo career. From great rockers like "Glory", "Foxhole" and "Ain't It Nothin'", through slower tunes like "Days", and into near ballads such as "Carried Away", Adventure reeks of class.  Closer 'The Dream's Dream" is a great epic, slow but tuneful, with those guitars you just die for.     