 Robert Johnson apparently was murdered by a Cuckolded husband, who put poison in his whiskey.  Legend has it that the blues singers spent the last minutes of his life on all fours, salivating and barking like a dog.  Whether that story is true, Johnson's post mortem career was every bit as extraordinary.  The then little known singer's disciple include not only such usual suspects as Muddy Waters, Bob Dylan and the Rolling Stones, but also later day Punk, Metal and alt Rock stars such as The Red Hit Chili Peppers and the White Stripes.  So there is something potentially exciting in the Master of Blues-Rock guitarist, Eric Clapton, returning to the realms of his youth, and producing and album featuring the songs that have escaped the confines of the Mississippi Delta, and are now an integral part of the global blues/ rock scene.  You'd think Clapton would offer a brand new interpretation to the seminal works of the master, wouldn't you?  Well, you'd be wrong.  Almost everything that's wrong in this album is right there on the cover.  Old, white Clapton in a suit, comfortably seated on his chair, legs crossed, holding an acoustic guitar, ready not so much to rock as to trot.  Johnson's face is in a distant picture on the wall.  Johnson's music is erotic and sensual, vicious and innocent, sacred and dirty and profane all at the same time.  Clapton's renditions turn the urgent songs into middle of the road electric blues, of the kind you can hear in any half decent blues bar.  Johnson had hellhounds on his trails; Clapton's Hounds are as dead as Johnson.  Thus the eroticism and swagger of "Stop Breakin' Down" (so brilliantly captured in the Rolling Stones' cover) is nowhere to be seen.  Middle Aged Clapton sounds silly when he sings the songs of the youthful, arrogant Johnson.  Coming from Clapton, a line like "You can squeeze my lemon 'til the juice run down my leg" (from 'Traveling Riverside Blues') sounds downright corny.  The desperate viciousness of 'Me and the Devil', ("Me and the Devil were walking side by side/ and I'm gonna beat my woman/ till I get satisfied") is all but gone.  Musically, too, the songs are uninspired.  'Kind Hearted Woman' lacks energy entirely, delivered like a standard, never-ending slow blues, B.B. King for the masses.  "Rockers" like 'If I had Possession over Judgment Day' and 'Last Fair Deal Going Down' are lackluster, lacking any sense of excitement or passion.  Although Clapton's band is well rehearsed and technically competent, you rarely hear a riff or a rhythm that is even slightly surprising.  At best, Most of "Me and Mr. Johnson" is competent and by the number, at worst, as in the unfortunate Jazzy rendition of "They're Red Hot", it's just plain bad.  But every cloud has a silver lining, and here it is "Milkcow's calf Blues".  Among the least known of Johnson's works, it allows Clapton a strong interpretation, which captured the richness of the song.  Clapton speeds it us, adds distortion to the guitars, groove and panache to the chorus, and delivers with enthusiasm and charm.  It's a classic blues-rock track that is pure revelation: one of the weakest of Johnson's songs emerges as equal to his best.  And whatever has become of Clapton, he still has the genius to let us see it.     