 Of all the books, articles, TV programs and Moore's movie about the disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush, 'The Price of Loyalty', while not the most comprehensive, is certainly the most scary.    Ron Suskind's account offers an interesting look into the life of Paul O'Neil, and into policy matters and Washington decision making, quite aside from George W. Bush.  Indeed, one of the interesting aspects of the book is O'Neil's friendship with Alan Greenspan.  I always imagined Greenspan as a wise and secretly sinister manipulator, but he comes off very positively in 'The Price of Loyalty', as an efficient civil servant with big ideas.  But the reason you're thinking about buying this book, if you haven't already, is because of George W. Bush and his role in American Politics and Policy making.  What the book tells us about the 43rd American President is quite disturbing.  First, I was astonished by Paul O'Neil's astonishment.  Think about it; Paul O'Neil was an insider in three Republican governments.  He was the CEO of one of America's largest corporations.  He headed various policy setting groups.  He was close friends with Alan Greenspan, Dick Cheyney, Bush Sr., and a whole other bunch of Washington insiders.  He's well trained in economics and an ardent reader of national newspaper.  And despite all this, the now familiar failing of George W Bush's leadership: his inattention to details, his wide spread ignorance, his refusal to rethink his decisions, came as a complete shock to him.  What does this tell us about the American public's decision to elect Bush?  If even  an insider like Paul O'Neil couldn't recognize Bush for what he was, what chance did the majority of the population have?  Did America know what it was doing when it elected Bush as President?  If Paul O'Neal didn't, how could 'six-pack Joe'?  'The Price of Loyalty' also made clear that high officials in the Bush administration, including the treasury secretary and the secretary of state, were not included in the decision about their respective fields.  All White House decisions are made by a small group of ideological cynics - Bush, Cheyney, Karl Rove, Andy Card, Karen Hugh, and maybe Condoleezza Rice.  The moderates in the Administration - chiefly O'Neil himself and Collin Powel - function, as O'Neil said "as cover" (p. 130)  It is thus deeply troubling that in the recent GOP convention, respected, conservative Republicans such as Rudy Giuliani, and moderates such as Arnold Schwarzenegger (I hesitate call him 'respected') have consented to be used as further cover for Rove and Co.  The book will probably be most memorable for the direct insight on George W. Bush by an astute observant.  O'Neil's now famous comment that Bush was like "a blindman in a roomful of deaf people" (p. 149) Strikes a special chord.  O'Neil's account also explains to me why all the people who claimed that Bush was stupid could marshal no stronger evidence then his embarrassing Bushisms - the American President simply does not think in public.  Whatever analysis the President conducts is done either alone or with a company of a few chosen advisors.  One of the main insights of Suskind's book is that very few people have seen Bush think.  Although Suskind's book is fascinating and generally well written, it is not without its shortcomings.  At times it can be slow going or lose track of the main points; its references to Bono, for one, are all too flashing.  Occasionally, Suskind plays the mind reader - he gets pretty close to declaring what's on the President's mind (p. 185).  Nor does the book view with sufficient skepticism, in my view, O'Neil's complementary views on previous administrations.  Those all seem like models of good and sound policy making, and there is only one reference, in one page, to how badly the Nixon White House functioned late in the Watergate scandal (p. 169).  But the gravest problem, although perhaps an understandable one, is Suskind's lack of skepticism about O'Neil himself.  At no point does Suskind take any critics of O'Neil seriously.  This is even though, from the narrative itself, some of O'Neil's decisions seem questionable.  He joined on as Treasury Secretary to a President he barely knew, without a detailed discussion of the economic policies he'd favor.  He seriously misjudged Dick Cheyney, a man he's known for years.  Finally, he remained within the administration although it ignored what seems the most important points to him: fiscal prudence and rational decision making processes.    What I found most shocking came in the afterword, when O'Neil, in an interview, was asked whether he'd vote for Bush again. "Probably", he said, "I don't see anybody that strikes me as better prepared and more capable".  (p. 341).  Here is loyalty for you - after all O'Neil has learned, he's still willing to cover for Bush.       