 Christopher McGowan's 'The Dragon Seekers' is an extremely well written and easy to read book about the first discoveries of Dinosaurs.  Although the stories of the 'fearful lizards' and of the men (and woman) who discovered them is interesting, the history of evolutionary ideas within is the best part. The large cast of characters here includes an eccentric but brilliant academic (William Buckland), a scoundrel fossil collector (Thomas Hawkins), a distinguished anatomist (Richard Owen) and a working class woman, deprived of her rightful status because of Victorian social conservatism (Mary Anning). With the increasing number of fossils discovered, and the increase in knowledge in other areas, Modern science was wrestling itself out of religious dogma, and the arguments about it are the core of this book. Among the chief arguments at the time was whether the global, Noachian Flood existed, or not.  Great disputes about these question took place, between supporters and the so called anti-Diluvians, who opposed it .   An even greater controversy was the one surrounding evolution ('transmutation' in the vernacular).  Transmutationism was a bona fide heresy, and when the young Charles Darwin enters McGowan's narrative, he has to hide his views from Richard Owen, a great scientist who coined the very term 'Dinosaur', but whose opposition to transmutation was well known. One of the major advantages of this book is the way in which it can forgive the scientists for their errors.  Although McGowan clearly points out the mistakes, and how the likes of Owen, Buckland and Charles Lyell (who was a major influence, and a confident, of Darwin's) allowed their pre conceived notions to deter them from reaching the truth, he discusses how it is that science advances despite these failures.  The errors and pre-conceived notions of individuals can hinder science, but the setbacks are merely temporary, and these scientists, for all their errors, held lay down the ground for Darwin's breathtaking insights. My one greatest regret for this book is that it does not include the reaction of the surviving 'dragon seekers' to Darwin's 'The Origin of Species'.  Richard Owen's responses, especially, would have been very interesting, and would have made an interesting summation for the book. Instead, McGowan chooses to dedicate his conclusion to today's collectors, the followers of Mary Anning's.  It is both interesting and moving, as McGowan has studies fossils discovered in the very beaches were the Anning and co. have worked.  So modern paleontologists, too, depend upon the newest generation of dragon seekers     