 'Breaking Faith' is John Cornwell's essay about the Church being torn out between two contradictory movements.  On the one hand, exclusivity - the belief that Church is the infallible and only way to salvation, and that its teaching are God's truth, and thus objectively correct. On the other hand, the Pluralism of the Western world, where secularism and respect for other beliefs are consistently preached, though inconsistently practiced. Cornwell does not hide his views - he is a Liberal, and this book is written from a Liberal perspective.  But the bias is easy enough to overcome, as the issues are the same for both conservatives and liberals.   In a short, easy to read and Journalistic book (unfortunately lacking the substantial scholarship of Cornwell's better known HITLER'S POPE), Cornwell presents some main areas of conflict in the Church - including the issues of homosexuality, the truth of other religions, papal infallibility and the making of saints.  In each, essentially the same battle is fought - between the pluralists and the conservatives. The subtitle of the book I hold in my hand is 'Can the Catholic Church Save itself?'  The answer if obviously yes - the Roman Catholic Church is the oldest institution of mankind.  It has survived the fall of an Empire, the disappearance and reappearance of science, immense corruption, the Reformation, and the Enlightenment.  It has survived loss of Earthly power and two world wars, the rise of Nationalism, Fascism, Communism and Capitalism.  It will survive this age and its problems as well. The question is, what will it do to survive, and where will it survive.  Cronwell believes that the Church should open up, be more pluralistic, inclusionist and down to earth.  He believes it must change. Personally, I think he is wrong.  If the Church will surrender the mysticism and exclusionism it currently practice, it will lose much of its power over its believers.  Like reform Jews, relaxed Catholics will merge into the general Judeo-Christianity of the Western world.  The pluralists are lost to the Church on any event - it is the core believers who will remain with the Church in the future.  The Fundamentalists and conservatives are the basis, the 'loyal consumers' of the Church, if you will, and it is them it must guard.  The growth of the Church must inevitably take place in the less pluralistic parts of the world - the third world.  There, the zeitgeist is probably more suitable for an exclusionist Church then in the Western world. One interesting question, that Cornwell fails to explore, is whether there will develop an official movement, whose members will consider themselves Catholics but refuse to follow dictates from Rome.  In an unorganized fashion, this is true already, witness the case of 'Dogma' director, Kevin Smith.  Smith's movie is critical of basic Catholic themes and ideas, and would certainly not be sanctioned by the conservative official Church.  But Smith considers himself Catholic nonetheless.  Will we see churches which will carry out things the official Church does not approve (like ordaining women priests), and yet still regard themselves as Catholic?  And how will the Church react to such churches?  Certainly, if there will only be a small number of such churches, the Vatican will ex-communicate them.  But how will the Papacy react to a large movement of self proclaimed Catholics who disregard official Catholic preaching? Another interesting question is the high human cost of the Church's principled conservative stand.  How many people suffer from AIDS because the Church refuses to sanction condom in Africa?  How many people in the West suffer from the much tamer problems of the conflict between their Church and their society?  And, perhaps most importantly, can the Church, while maintaining the general hard line, find a way to reach out for these people and elevate their misery? You will find no answers to these questions in this book.  Ultimately, those are questions for Catholics to figure out, while outsiders such as myself watch with great interest.  Frankly, I am not quite sure what outcome I prefer, but I learned much from this book and, whether conservative of liberal or not even Catholic, I think you will too.     