 Pastwatch is a terrific Science Fiction/Historical novel.  It also promotes a Christian agenda. There are lots of Propaganda works out there, but Orson Scott Card does a different piece of propaganda.  Card realised that you can't rely on the supernatural to validate Christianity.  If you say something like 'Christianity is the best because God said so', it's a circular logic that doesn't convince anyone (For example to that, the Pope has the ability to speak 'Ex Cathedra' - that is, in the name of God.  In all of history, Popes have done that maybe 11 times.  The very first thing that a Pope declared Ex Cathedra was that when he speaks Ex Cathedra he speaks for God.  That's a kind of circular argument we would find hard to swallow). Therefore, Orson Scott Card's agenda in this book was to prove the superiority of Christianity in a social context - to prove that Christianity is superior because it makes people better off. One of the interesting facets about OSC's SF is that Card is very conscience about the religious life of his characters.  Religion plays a huge role in his works, and most of Card's characters are believers in one sense or the other.  Card sometimes attacked the vision of humanity as `evolving beyond religion' that is often expressed in science fiction. And yet, notice that OSC's future society in Pastwatch contains No Religion.  Here our great crusader for Christianity's cause AND for spiritual importance of people creates a future, semi idealic Earth, in which human beings have `out grown religion'.  The only religious people in the future part of the book, as far as I can recall, are the Muslim guy with a fairly minor role, and a priest that has exactly 7 lines.  (I haven't counted). Interesting don't you think?  Especially considering two elements: the huge role religion, and especially Christianity plays in the past, and the size of the moral dilemma standing in front of Card's future characters.  The historical people are quite occupied with Religion.  Especially Columbus.  Here we have Card constructing a world of complex religious character, which paints Christianity in a positive colour, but doesn't fear to seemingly criticise - never Christianity as such, but always the Christians practising it.  Even more important is the huge moral dilemma standing in front of the Future people.  They have to judge whether they should sacrifice their world.  We're talking about saving the whole world, and you don't see any priest around, you don't see anyone calling for God. To me, this says two things.  The first is OSC is criticising the atheist world present in SF so often.  Card is saying basically that this world must self-destruct, that humanity can't survive without Christianity.  The doom of the non-Christian world is the theme card is playing with. The second issue is the choice.  At the end, the future heroes decide to change the world.  However, the way they do it is by creating an American/European Christian alliance.  This means the destruction of the native culture of the Americans and its substitute by Christianity. In a letter to me, Card defended this as an interventionist policy, a reaction to the human sacrifice conducted for the native American God. Here Card is dealing with what I consider to be double standards.  He doesn't blame Christianity for the crimes of Christians.  The crusades where done for the glory of God, but Card doesn't blame Christianity for them, but only societies and individual Christians.  On the other hand, the native Americans' sacrifice of humans in counted against their religion. If I recall correctly, Card argued that Christianity was in essence `manipulated' to allow for the slaughters of God's enemies, while the human sacrifice was caused by the religion of the native Americans. This is a problematic argument on two grounds: First, there is a school of thought, by people such as Hiram Mekubi (sp?), who believe that the doctrine of Christianity is Anti-semitic by nature.  I don't know enough about the ideas of this group to comment on it, but clearly, saying that Christianity is morally `right' religion while the Native American religion wasn't, is problematic at best. More importantly, though, it is quite possible to change a facet of a religion without changing it all.  The best example is one Card is certainly very well familiar with, that of the church of later day Saints - of the Mormons.  For a long time, Mormons were involved in polygamy relationships - allowing multiple wives for one man.  However, under pressure from the US government, this practice died out.  It is not necessary to destroy an entire religion because of one aspect of it.  Card is rightfully and wholeheartedly against the atrocities committed by the Europeans against the native Americans.  However, Card doesn't mind the cultural disaster inflicted upon the natives by the Christians.  In fact, his vision is of the same kind of cultural destruction. The consequence of heroes' actions in the Card's book is that a Pax Christiana - a Christian peace comes to the world.  Thus, the ending of the novel is in a Christian Utopia, guided by pure Christian ideals. And atheists form this Christian utopia, the last atheists of a destroyed, non-Christian world.  This is the victory of Christianity, as the non-Christians are convinced in the supremacy and superiority of Christ.  Symbolically, Card is passing the torch - from the unreligious world that fails to the glory of Christendom, a world united under Christ. Thus, as I found Pastwatch to be a good book, I'm still troubled by the messages it contains. P.S.  As I was writing it, I was thinking of several other parallels to Christianity, which might or might not be coincidences.  Is it an accident that there are 3 people sent to save the world, one of them a woman, and is there something Christ-like about the sacrifice of out world in favour of the new, Christian kingdom? If you have any answers, email me.     