 Hannibal is not a great movie.  It is not even a particularly good movie.  However, given that the movie was based upon Thomas Harris's wreck of a novel, the fact that the movie is fairly entertaining and not a total disaster is great credit to the talents in front and behind the camera. Thomas Harris's two superb novels - Red Dragon and The Silence of the Lambs - gave birth to fantastic adaptations.  'Hannibal' on the other hand, was a ridiculously weak novel. The worst thing about Hannibal is the way it treats one of today's best known literature and movie characters - Hannibal 'The Cannibal' Lector.  In previous books, Lecter had a mystique about him, an aura of terrible, invincible evil, but all that was reduced. Firstly, the uncaged Lecter is no where near as menacing as the man behind bars.  When imprisoned, Lecter is a caged demon, a shadow that threatens mankind and must never be unleashed upon us.  But out of chains, he's an elitist, a sort of evil James Bond, a man who likes nice cars, good food and expensive wine.  Indeed, in the book, Claris locates Lecter by simply tracing the most expensive wine bottles in the US.  What a disappointment. Second, Harris made Lecter the hero of the book, by pitching him against pedophile Mason Verger.  When facing a child rapist, Lecter, who 'merely' eats adults, is seen as a hero in comparison.  A 'good' Lecter is much less interesting than the heart of evil that he was in the previous installations. Worst of all, Harris gives Lecter a motive.  It turns out (spoiler) that Lecter kills people because the Nazis during World War 2 murdered his sister.  What a cope out - the greatness of Hannibal was in his evil being inexplicable, as he actually told Claris in 'Silence', you could not reduce him to influences.  Harris completely sold out the integrity of the character by giving him the motive. In Hannibal the movie, the production team wisely alleviated (although they did not entirely solve) all of these problems.  The scene in which Claris traces Hannibal by his wine consumption is gone and less time is spent on his fancy food intakes.  By downplaying Verger's pedophilia, Hannibal does not look that good in comparison.  Finally, the silliness of the motive is ignored completely. Furthermore, the improved script features much more contact between Claris and Lecter.  The interaction between them is the heart of the story, and yet in the book, the only contact among them in some 400 pages is a single letter from Lecter.  Here the producers introduce several more communications between them, including a phone call in a very climatic scene. From a technical point of view, the movie is well executed, with unnecessary scenes and minor characters from the book discarded, and great attention spent on the fantastic scenes in Florence, where Inspector Rinaldo Pazzi tries to outmaneuver Lecter, but end up outmaneuvered himself.  Those scene are not bad in the book, but Scott's wonderful sense of scene, and the amazing photography really brings the menace alive, and help preserve the aura of danger around Lecter. But the movie again cannot completely disregard the novel, and the main plot of the novel is a fairly pedestrian cat and mouse story, where two parties hunt for Lecter, to results neither of them expected (but the audience surely does).  Try as hard as the producers do to escape the confines of the story, they just can't.  Most of the movie remains an effective, extremely well directed and acted, thriller.  That is all. Then we come to the controversial ending.  After a lukewarm book, Harris finally comes up with an interesting premise and some powerful scenes. (Spoiler)  After Capturing Clarice, Lecter begins in an effort to turn her into his dead sister, using drugs, brain washing, and his own mental powers.  This is an extremely cool notion, which leads to the book's best scene - the infamous brain dinner. In the novel, Hannibal captures Paul Krendler, an FBI executive who does all that is in his power to harass Clarice Starling.  In a gross but brilliant scene, Harris depicts Lecter opening Krendler's skull, and piece by piece taking out parts of his brain.  We read the breathtaking description of dinner conversation, where the three of them eat Krendler's brain.  With each additional piece which Lecter takes out and cooks, Krendler's speech retard more and more, and from a highly aggressive yet sophisticated person he becomes an agree, bitter, childish, and finally speechless person.  It is a terrible scene, but it is truly both shocking and amazing. The movie, lacking the proper foundations for this scene, completely misses the point.  The special effects are so over the top as to make the scene unbelievable and not the least bit scary.  Furthermore, because the producers (wisely, in my opinion), deleted so much of the back-story, at this point they have no idea what to do next.  So you've got a little chase, some bantering between Starling and Lecter, as Scott rushes towards the ending credits. Ultimately, the only way to have made a good movie out of 'Hannibal' would have been to completely rewrite the story.  Having to work with what Harris gave them, Ridley Scott and the rest of the production team salvaged as much as possible.     