 I'm not an American, so my view of this book is probably rather different than that of the average American, at least insofar as I'm less interested in character and party issues, and focusing more on questions of policy, especially international (i.e. foriegn)  affairs and enviormental issues, as well as issues in which the world is quick to follow US leadership. Begala's book is an enditement of Bush.  It has several major short-commings, some of them issues of methodology and some of content. First, Begala is clearly biased.  I don't mind that asmuch as some others - I prefer a person who admits his or her biases and allows the audience to judge his words given the biases, than people who preach while pretending to be neutral. More troubling, though is his lack of consideration of the Republican or pro-Bush campaign answers to his argument.  At least in one issue (minimum wage), Bush's position has an economic basis and argument behind it that Begala completely ignores. One must wonder in how many other issues the Republicans have a reasonable argument that Begala fails to mention. Begala's research is fairly poor, too, generally based on newspaper clipping.  I don't necessary object to that, and I appreciate time related problems narrowing this book's depth, but sometimes Begala can make an attack at Bush based on a single quotation from a newspaper.  This seems unappropriate. Issue-wise, Begala's chapter on foriegn policy is far from satisfactory.  I realise that most Americans don't really care about this, but US policies regarding International Organizations such as NATO, the WTO and the EU, towards countries like Russia and China, and to areas like the Balkans, the Middle East and Africa, are vital for the lives of hundreds of millions of people, and yes, they also effect the US.  Nuclear War, for example, would cause some disturbance to the US way of life.  What does Bush intend to do foriegn policy wise?  How reliable are hisw advisers, people like Colin Powel and Cordelia Rice?  From Begala we get very few issues discussion and many Bushisms. Finally, the last chapter discusses Bush's intelligence.  This is the most unsatisfactory of all parts.  In essence, it amounts to what people who don't really know him talking about him, to Begala discussing Bush's definition of inteligence (whatever for?), and to a great deal of Bushisms.  He concludes that Bush suffers from 'Intelectual Lazyness' . This is the place for research.  Talk to Bush's professors, read his university papers, review his writing.  TELL US HOW BUSH GOT INTO HARVARD!  Begala seems to suggest is was only because of Bush's father.  But than he quotes a Harvard classmate who says Bush was average in his Harvard class... and he brings no evidence to his claim.  He demonstrates no case of Bush's failure to analyse issues.  At the ends, he resorts to establishing that, ' the very existence of the question says something on Bush'.  Oh really?   But for all of this, you should read this book.  First, because it's fun - Begala writes well, in a very conversational, humorous tone.  He sometimes shows great gifts of communications, explaining difficult ideas easily and effectively.   Most important, though, this book does cast many doubts on Doublu.  Especially when talking about his alligance to rich corporations, the NRA, his lack of support for enviornment issues, and his policy about death penalty ( I'm not against it - but Bush spends FIFTEEN minutes reviewing cases of death penalty before signing them on, and he literally allows sleeping lawyers to rest still).   Be cautious and skeptical when you read this book, but read it, because it will tell you who the most powerful man in the world right now is... and shed light on what he might do in the future...     