 (But it could have bitten harder) David Bowie's career is really something of a mystery to me.  After producing a series of rock's greatest moments from 'Hunky Dury' to 'Scary Monsters', Bowie seemed to have pretty much disappeared in the 1980s and early 1990s, with few songs like Let's Dance, Tin Machine's cover of 'Debaser' and 'Jump' as the only things to show from those long, long years. Then came OUTSIDE, Bowie's collaboration with Brian Eno and his return to form with 'Hello Spaceboy', one of his best songs, and an absolute favorite of mine.  Even better, 1997's EARTHLING was one of Bowie's classic records, certainly the strongest in the 20 years since 'Scary Monsters'.  With brilliant tracks like 'Dead Man Walking', 'Little Wonder', and especially the disturbing 'I'm Afraid of Americans' (with the haunting lyric "God is an American..."), Bowie seemed set to conquer the world once again. Then came 'Hours...', and what seemed like Bowie's attempt to reinvent himself yet again, but now as an aging balladeer singing Middle of the Road Pop.  In my view one of Bowie's worst records, 'Hours...' could not be saved by the sole good track 'The Pretty Things Are Going To Hell'. 2002's HEATHEN was an improvement.  With one of Bowie's best singles 'Slow Burn' (make sure to miss the terrible Top of the Pops version), Heathen had several more strong tracks, such as the bittersweet 'Everyone Says Hi', and the Neil Young cover 'I've Been Waiting for You'.  Still, Heathen was far from perfect.  The most obvious misstep was the cover of the Pixies's Cactus, and as much as the reviewers praised Tony Visconti's production, I felt it was rather cold and soulless. REALITY, Bowie's newest, is no radical departure from Heathen.  Tony Visconti returns, as do the unfortunate covers.  But rather then being Heathen, part II, Reality is a stronger record then the 2002 effort, and I hope it marks a trend for newer and better things. Perhaps the most frustrating thing about 'Reality', is that too many songs seem almost, but not quite, finished.  Bowie can still write very memorable melodies, hooks and lines, but the songs don't quite fit together.   This is most notable in what should've been the Killer singles, "Never Get Old" and "She'll Drive the Big Car".  Both songs have great potential.  They have catchy, strong choruses, that are marred by the production and by the refusal to let them gather momentum.  It's really a shame - had they been tighter (and had the lyrics of 'Never Get Old' been reworked a little) both could have been classics. Similar charges could be made about 'New Killer Star' (which has some great lyrics 'See my life in a comics/Like the way they did the bible').  It is suffers  irritating background singers and the lack a of punch, which is a shame, as it has a nice melody and a great guitar riff. Unfortunately, some of the songs are just average ('Days', 'Fall Dog Bombs the Moon'), and the choice of covers has been atrocious.  'Pablo Picasso' is a great song, but it has been given the ultimate cover by John Cale.  Bowie completely rewrites the melody, and the lyric does not fit at all.  The additional lyrics are really an embarrassment (Swinging on the back yard/Jumping off a big log/Pablo Feeling better now/Hanging by his fingernails???).  The lesser said about the George Harrison tune, given a Vegas-y treatment, the better. The offbeat closer, 'Bring Me the Disco King' is anything but average, a strange, part Jazz part Punk song, which I frankly don't quite know what to think of. The best track is the Hard Rockin' title track.  The pounding drums, the wild guitars, the melodic cries which become desperate-yet-ironic screams, the haunting lyrics 'I've built a wall of Sound to separate us'- this is Bowie at his very best.   "I never looked over reality's shoulder, ha ha ha ha" Bowie sings, and I'm sure he means it.  Bowie has always played with illusions, and reality must be just another one.  But it sounds so good...     