 Although I've heard several Concrete Blonde songs over the years ('Tomorrow Wendy', 'Bloodletting' and the amazing cover of Leonard Cohen's 'Everybody Knows', among them), 'Live in Brazil' is the first of their albums I listened to.  Although 'Live in Brazil' is not a perfect introduction, it is truly a great album, and I'm sure I'll be listening to lots more from the Los Angeles Trio. The greatest disadvantage is 'Live in Brazil' is that the songs lack something of an identity, blurring a bit with each other.  Even after multiple listening, I'm still not quite sure, looking at the song lists, what 'Little Conversations' or 'Your Haunted Friend' are like, exactly.  But this is a minor flaw.  This is an album with amazing guitars, powerful punky melodies, and lots of enthusiasm by the band.  Mostly, it is Johnette Napolitano amazing vocal that carries the melodies, firing haunting eulogies ('Tomorrow Wendy') ironic love songs ('Tonight') and angst ridden tirades ('Violent') with equal conviction. Among the highlights in these two albums is opener 'God is a Bullet', which features one of the best song titles I've encountered in recent times, combined with a great if simple ascending bass line and a great refrain: The music stops while Napolitano screams "God is bullet have mercy on us everyone".   Another highlight is the Leonard Cohen cover, "Everybody Knows", introduced with an amusing commentary, "This is a song by a great-great-great-great-great-great-greatgreatGREAT Man".  If Cohen's song was an ironic satire, a tale of depression told with a laugh around the bar, Concrete Blonde turn it into a bitter, haunting punk rock song, ending, quite appropriately, with Napolitano's version of Cohen's bitterest lyric in the song 'Everybody knows that you've been discrete/ but there were so many bitches you just had to meet/ without your cloths/Every body Knows'. Also memorable is 'I was a Fool', where the acoustic song becomes in the final chorus to a Post Punk yell, with heavy guitars and bass to match, "Scene of the Perfect Crime' which is just beautiful and sad, and set closer 'Tomorrow Wendy' an alternative rock classic, even if the guitar reminds me a little bit too much of the Pixies's 'Where Is My Mind?' Concrete Blonde's live album is a must have for fans of alternative rock.  If you like guitars distorted, songs aggressive, and vocals angry, bitter and chaotic, this is an album for you.     