 Five long, long years ago, a nineteen year old (going on twenty) college student finished "A Storm of Swords", with the tremendous revelation of the transformation of Catelyn Stark, the demise of Tywin Lannister, the fall of Lysa Arryn, with a changed, war ravaged Westeros- and with the prospect of a two years wait for "A Dance with Dragons", where all these plotlines, and more, would be continued.  Time passed.  The Israeli-Palestinian Peace Process has failed and rose and collapsed again.  The Twin Towers have fallen, as has the regime of Sadam Hussein.  George W. Bush is still the American President, properly elected this time.  The college student is now in another country, with a new job and new complications.  I've known love bitter and true, met new people and seen new places, had new experiences.  I've fronted a rock band and stopped, almost entirely, reading Fantasy fiction.  I've AGED.  As for George R. R. Martin, too, things have changed.  The Dragons will still dance, but not in this book.  Now the Crows are feasting, and the planned gap between the events of books 3 and 4 in A Song of Ice and Fire is gone- along with Martin's assurances that there will be six books and six only.  So, across this gap - a new world, a different reader, an altogether different book then the one expected - what does the 25 year old me say about the continuation of the saga I fell in love with in my teens?  Does it still hold out?  What it the verdict?  Well, it's utterly, absolutely, no holds barrel brilliant.  Oh, there are faults.  There always has been.  This series is imperfect, and from a technical point of view, this volume is the weakest in the series, so far.  Critics are right to complain about the pace, about the absence of our favorite characters, of Brienne running into all of the characters from "A Storm of Swords".  The structure is weaker as well - do we really need three new point of view characters each for the events of Dorn and the Iron Islands?  Davos had been all the eyes we ever needed for Stannis's Court - why do we need so many onlookers on the Dornish Marshes?  But this is not the point and never has been.  Martin's books are about his world, his dream, his characters and history and drama.  Its about the creeping magic and the gathering storm, it's about the bloody aftermath as well as the glorious battles, and the way in which the great revolutions leave a terrible after taste.  The War of the Five Kings is over.  This is the aftermath - it's messy, it's terrible - and, like the rest of A Song of Ice and Fire, it's true to real life (with Dragons).  Unlike the previous books, a Feast for Crows is more a character study then an action thriller.  Meet Tywin Lannister's sister, Genna, and her observation that Tyrion, and Jaime, is Tywin's son.  See Jaime's Lannister's hurt from the betrayal of his sister.  Meet Sansa Stark's struggles to survive, and Samwell's Tarly struggles for honor.  Encounter the Master Aemon Targaryen, in exile from his last home on the wall.  This is their story.  This is the Song of Ice and Fire.   So the twenty-five years old me closed the last pages of "A Feast for Crows" with all the reverence that my nineteen years old self opened "A Game of Thrones".  I hope that I won't have to wait another five years to read the first lines of "A Dance with Dragons", but as long as the Song is true, the signs that time leave on both the Singer and the Audience will not prevent me from asking for an encore.     