 Of all the rock stars who have emerged in the 1960s, Lou Reed's current work is by far the most interesting.  Look at the competition: Eric Clapton produces commercially successful but meritless, pale versions of his past glories.  David Bowie, after making something of a comeback in the late 1990s, settled into a series of competent and somewhat bloodless albums.  Bob Dylan tries, but he remains committed to an artistic ethic he envisioned in the late 1980s, and as endearing as his traditionalist stand is, it is still a far outcry from the man who revolutionized both Rock'n'Roll and folk music.  The less said about the trips down the nostalgia highways of Brian Wilson and Paul McCartney, the better. Although Lou Reed's solo career has known its ups and down, and has only rarely managed to approach the peak that he reached as the leader of the Velvet Underground, it is nonetheless a fine one, both exciting and unpredictable.  And ever since his latter day masterpiece, New York, Reed has produced work, that if not flawless, is of impressive quality. Upon hearing Reed's 'update' of Edgar Allan Poe, one is tempted to describe it as one of Reed's most experimental album.  But the noisy and pointless 'Like a Possum' from 2000's Ecstasy is by itself more experimental then anything Reed has attempted here.  Nonetheless, THE RAVEN is very much an experimental album, and with the possible exception of 1990's SONGS FOR DRELLA, his most varied album. One of the things I like most about Reed is that, unlike many Rock musicians, he does not seem to have mellowed down with age.  Hard rockers like 'Edgar Allan Poe', and especially the radical 'Blind Rage', show us that Lou lost none of the ferocity of the man who invented Punk Rock. The album has much more then just angst, though.  'Call on Me' is a beautiful ballad, one of the best Reed has ever written.  'Burning Ambers', based upon Poe's Tell-Tale Heart, is Reed's experiment with A-Cappela music, and is a definite highlight.  The instrumental titles 'A Thousand Departed Friends' is a beautiful mix of Jazz, Rock and touches of Funk. I hardly want to form the impression that all of Reed's experiments are successful.  The bizarre Cabaret version of 'Perfect Day' is completely uncalled for, as are nearly all the poetry readings.  In fact, there is a sequence of songs, from Perfect Day to the terrible bar jazz of 'Broadway song' that is nearly unlistenable. 'The Raven' is notable for its guest stars, too.  The Blind Boys of Alabama bring a gospel charm to 'The Pit and the Pendulum'.  Laurie Anderson sings on the aforementioned 'Call on Me', while Ornette Coleman contributes fine saxophone to 'Guilty', a mediocre rocker. By far the best contribution is by David Bowie, whose lovely take on 'Hop Frog' is both hilarious and delightful. Yet the absolute highlight of the album is the single.  With 'Who Am I?', Reed has written what is surely his best single since the 'New York' album.  Although I have heard several uninspiring live versions of this song, here it just bristles with life.  The instrumentation is part of the charm, and the production is among Reed's finest.  The lyrics, about Reed's (and Poe's) search for meaning, for the "passion that breaks reason in two", are pure Rock'n'Roll poetry. Putting Poetry into Rock'n'Roll has been Reed's project from the earliest days of the velvets.  In 'The Raven', flawed as it is,  Reed, with Poe, manages to once again do just that.     