 The Legacy of the Rehnquist Supreme Court is that not much has really happened, according to Mark Tushnet, Professor of Constitutional Law at Georgetown University Law Center.  The Court has maintained the line on Abortion and Affirmative Action, expanded gay's rights in its famous Lawrence vs. Texas decision, and in the cause of Federalism, it made only slight moves (it did limit the power of the US Congress under the Commerce Clause, for the first time since the New Deal, but upheld most Federal Laws against "Federalist" assaults).  The Reason for the maintenance of the Status Quo, according to Tushnet, is that the Court's Republicans, like the Republican Party in General, are split between two kinds of Republicans: Economic Republicans, like Sandra Day O'Connor, who believe in small government, tax cuts and business de regulation, and the Cultural Republicans, like Antonin Scalia, who oppose Gay's Rights and abortions.  The Coalition of Moderate Republicans and Liberals on the Court is sufficient to block major changes in Constitutional Law, particularly regarding Abortion and Privacy, especially as that is also the direction the United States is heading towards generally.  According to Tushnet, the future is also generally temperate: "The Roberts Court in its first decade is likely to seem themeless overall" (p.358).  As the United States continue to be divided, so will the Court.  On issues the people care about - particularly abortion, there's unlikely to be much of a movement.  Unfortunately, I am not sure that the Court is as moderate as Tushnet thinks it is, and I am much less certain that the future will see the Court's moderation continue.  First, I think that Tushnet over estimates the reliability of decisions made by the Supreme Court.  Both Texas vs. Lawrence and Planned Parenthood vs. Casey are held by 6 to 3 majorities, which have quite possibly shrunk to 5 to 4 majorities following the appointments of Justices Roberts and Alito.  All it takes is one more extremist appointment - by Bush or by a possible successor - to overturn both decisions.  Compare those to Roe vs. Wade and Griswold v. Connecticut, which were decided on a 7 to 2 majority, or Brown vs. Board of Education and Hernandez v. Texas which was decided unanimously, and the soundness of the Court seems less a fortress but a fluke.  Furthermore, Tushnet ignores several areas where the Supreme Court's decision may be changing.  In Edwards v. Aguillard (1987), the Supreme Court decided 7-2 that Creationism was not science, and could not be taught at schools.  Today, it is quite possible that the majority has shrunk to a single vote (Scalia dissented then, and I am speculating that Roberts, like Rehnquist before him, would dissent, as would Alito and Thomas).    Possibly because it is not a Constitutional Law case, Tushnet only peripherally mentions "Bush vs. Gore", even though that decision gave the Presidency to Bush.  In a more partisan Roberts Court, how many elections will be settled by the Judiciary?  In "The Great Unraveling", Paul Krugman speculated that the Bush Junta is not dedicated to majority rule.  Was he alarmist or prescient?  Also unmentioned goes the Bush administration's assault on Civil Liberties in its uses of the Patriot Acts, and in the US's holdings of people in Guantanamo and Abu Gharib prisons.  The Supreme Court has been mostly deferential to the administration's abuse of both international Law and the Constitution in pursuit of its War on Terror.  I think an easy prediction is that Roberts and Alito will walk that line.  Although Tushnet recounts the failed nomination of Robert Bork to the Supreme Court, I don't think that he quite captures the most important point.  That is, since Bork was nominated, Conservative Republicans have hidden the opinions of their Supreme Court nominees.  That tendency (also apparent in Liberal appointments like Ruth Ginsburg) reached a climax with the appointments of Roberts and Alito.  As Tushnet writes "Judge Roberts 's performance at his confirmation hearings provide no clues as to what he would do as Chief Justice... no matter what their views, listeners could take comfort in Judge Roberts's words" (p.348).  Since Bush confirmed that his model Justices where Scalia and Thomas (p.356), how moderate can we expect Roberts and Alito to be?  A Scalia-Thomas dominated court may very well overrule Roe v. Wade and Texas v. Lawrence.  It may allow the President, via his War powers, virtually unlimited possibilities to limit the liberties of suspected Terrorists.  It may even overrule Edwards v. Aguillard as allow Creationism at Public Schools.  Maybe I'm paranoid, but I find it unnerving that only one vote may stand between us and that rough beast, its hour finally coming round, slouching towards Washington to be born.     