 The Mid 1970s caught Bob Dylan in his prime.  He has just released the best album of his career ('Blood of the Tracks'), was about to release another classic album ('Desire', arguably the last classic Dylan), and came up with one of the strangest plans for a Rock Tour ever, a real extravaganza of performances, with many artists, most noticeably Joan Baez.  Not only did Dylan offer a unique set, he also did some of the wildest recreations of songs in his career. I think that for the semi-obsessive Bobcat like myself (one who has most of the records and some bootlegs, but who does not own, as Nick Hornby put it "everything Bob Dylan released in 1966 except 'Highway 61 Revisited'").  The reinterpretations of songs, changing formats, styles and lyrics, are the most worthy aspect of a live recording. By far, the album is at its prime when it offers new readings of old favorites.  "It Ain't Me, Babe" and "It Takes A Lot to Laugh, It Takes a Train To Cry", although not truly radically changed, are nonetheless much superior to the album versions, thanks to better musicianship and Dylan in fine form.  It is the reinventions of 'Mama You've Been on My Mind' and particularly 'A Hard Rain's Gonna Fall', however, that are both worth the price of the album several times over, all by themselves. Both reflective, quite ballads lose nothing of their treat with a hard rockin' versions.  'Hard Rain' gallops along in a bluesy riff that rocks harder then 'Tombstone Blues', and 'Mama', sans blues but with Joan Baez, is another exciting and bewildering experience. In comparison with such highlights, the rest of the album can't help but fall short.  In particular, the solo acoustic numbers and the 'Desire' tunes are of much less interest. 'Desire', although one of Dylan's best albums, is overexposed here, with no less then six songs.  Although all the renditions are good, they are very close to the album versions.  On 'Biograph', there are particularly rousing versions of 'Romance in Durango' and 'Isis', and these live versions are, alas, not as good.  'Hurricane' and 'One More Cop of Coffee' are great fun, though, with an energetic band and a truly committed Dylan. Unlike the "Royal Albert Hall" concert, the solo acoustic part of this record is not that good.  Dylan is not quite going through the motions, but the real despair and emotion so evident in 1966 are missing here.  Compare "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue' here to the version from the Bootleg series 4 (which, even more then this, is a must have), and you'll hear what I mean.   The highlight of the acoustic set is no doubt the spirited reading of 'Simple Twist of Fate'.  With a different pronunciation of the title, Dylan gives a fine performance, and fantastic new lyrics: "People tell me it's a crime/ To know too much for too long a time/ She should've caught me in my prime/ She would've stayed with me/ Instead of going off to the sea/ and leaving me to meditate/ Upon a Simple Twist of Fate".  Moments and lyrics like these remind you why you're such a rabid Dylan fan.   All in all, this is a fantastic release, well worth your time and money.  If you liked this, do check out 'Hard Rain' another album from the same tour, featuring fantastic versions of 'Shelter from the Storm' 'Maggie's Farm' and 'Idiot Wind', among others.     