 I believe it was Charles Beard who first called the American Civil War "The Second American Revolution".  Although he was chiefly concerned with the shift in the balance of power from the Southern slaveholders to the Industrial North, modern historians who agree with him see emancipation and the rise of black rights as among the most revolutionary events in American History.  Eric Foner's work is strictly within this tradition.  Beginning with the Emancipation Proclamation of 1863, Foner traces the evolution of Reconstruction politics, policies and philosophy.  For Abraham Lincoln, Reconstruction was a war measure, an experimental, evolving policy designed to coerce and seduce the South into surrender, and to consolidate emancipation.  Only after Appomattox, in his final speech, did Lincoln publicly endorse limited Black suffrage.  But for Radical Republicans, during and after the war, reconstruction was part of a grander scheme, consciously revolutionary.  The Radicals wanted to destroy the rebel Slaveholding South, and to build a new South, led by former slaves, freeborn blacks, and genuine Southern unionists.  Going as far as attempting to impeach President Andrew Johnson, whose 'Presidential Reconstruction' practically surrendered Southern states back to the rebels, Radicals undermined the Johnson based regimes, and made sweeping legislation that gave civil rights to the blacks.  The fifteenth Amendment, guaranteeing the right to votes to blacks, surrendered more ground to Nativist and anti-Feminist politics then to Anti-black sentiments (pp. 446-447).  The only issue upon which Congress failed to enact Radical proposals was land redistribution. The failure to give blacks ownership of the land ensured that the slaveholding classes, although weakened, still dominated Southern life, and in time they were to reestablish control over the South.  Eric Foner's 'Reconstruction' is, in effect, two books combined as one.  As a political history of America in the decade or so after the war, it is a masterful account, weaving together social, economic, cultural and political elements.  Although Foner is no master of prose, his writing is clear and his logic sound.  At the same time, the book is also a social history of the South during Reconstruction and Redemption.  Maybe I just dislike social history, but there are several chapters which could have been significantly shortened with little loss to the narrative.  Like much social history I've read, Foner rarely attempts to quantify his conclusions, and the results are often a one line description, followed by a list of illustrations.  Entirely typical are sections such as this:  '... Republican governors initially employed their influence to defeat civil rights bills... fearing that such measures threaten the attempt to establish their administration's legitimacy by wooing white support.  ... Governor Alcron [of Mississippi] vetoed a bill barring railroads charted by the state from discriminating against black.  In 1872, a measure imposing criminal penalties upon ... discrimination passed the legislature... but was mysteriously lost or stolen on its way to the executive mansion and thus failed to become law.  Florida Gov. Harrison Reed in 1868 vetoed a bill guaranteeing equal treatment on public conveyances, and Warmoth twice rejected civil rights measures passed by the Louisiana legislature.' (p. 370)  As Southern blacks were battling for their economic and political rights, the Second American Revolution increasingly raised new issues that redrew Northern and national political alliances.  The public grew agitated over Corruption, Labour relations and the choice between fiat or metal currencies.  Initially, the support for Reconstruction was the one unifying plank of all Republicans, but as Southern opposition to Reconstruction did not dwindle, the Northern enthusiasm for supporting black's rights with the bayonet waned.  In 1870 and 1871, the Grant administration's crack down on the Ku Klux Klan was both effective and popular among Republicans.  But as Republicans identified themselves with other issues (chiefly monetary conservatism), Federal support for Reconstruction governments and military intervention in the South became controversial and politically damaging in the North.  By the 1876 election, Republicans were no longer committed to Reconstruction, and Redemption (the return to the old order) triumphed in the South, with the reemergence of the Jim Crow regime and the Herrenvolk democracy.  Although Reconstruction was not without lasting achievements, the Southern Counter-revolution undermined much of the political, economic and social advances that blacks won during the Reconstruction era.  Furthermore, the Redeemer platforms of small governments, fixed labor relations and white supremacy spelled economic stagnation for Southern whites as well as blacks (p. 597).  Isolated circumstances not withstanding, the movement towards equal rights for blacks, commenced in the Reconstruction era, was not really resumed until the 1930s, and was only completed, if at all, by Civil Rights movement of 1950s and 1960s.  As Foner's subtitle indicated, Reconstruction was, and arguably still is, America's Unfinished Revolution      