 ...  Now I haven't listened to much of The Who, but this album made me into a fan.  So if there's better than this, I'll be delighted. I've heard tons of 'Substitue' cover versions (most notably by the Ramones in their cover album Acid Eaters, and a shitty cover by the Pistols, in a live performance called Better live than Ded), so I wanted to hear the original.  So I went and bought... Live at Leads. Now don't get me wrong, I liked that album alot. Especially tracks like 'Substitue' 'Happy Jack' 'A quick one' 'My Generation' and, above all, the hillarious 'I'm a Boy'. But it also had too many blues songs for my taste. I liked it, but wasn't 100% convinced I'd like to hear more.   I'm a huge fan of live performaces, though, and I had good experience with BBC recordings in the past(most noticeable one - Pixies at the BBC.  a great album).  So when I heard there's Who in the BBC, I bought it regardless of the bad reviews. I fell in love with the album when hearing the 1st track: "They say the BBC is dead and cold/Talking about my Favorite Station/ but our approach is fresh and Bold".  Not only was this really, really, funny, but the singing was great...kind of stattring through it.  Wonderful. The rest was filled with what I wanted - great, powerful rock songs.  Not only the ones I loved from Leads, but also new ones: The Seeker, Anyway anyhow anywhere,Disguises, and Long Live Rock - only few among some really killer tracks. Now I must admit that some of the overdubs are irritating, and certainly could have been sropped(especialy as many of them end before the music starts) but the little intervews are fantastic.  Especially the one before I'm a Boy: Pete : " It's [I'm a Boy] not serious at all. Substitue, wasn't about much anyway, and people read alot into that" Interviewer: "I know I did" Pete: "...We don't put any hidden meanings into the songs... if it doesn't say anything, it doesn't" Interviewer: "So I'm a Boy just means you're a boy" Pete: "Yeah" you gotta love it. It made me into a WHO obsessive fan.  Long Live Rock.     