 Down and Dirty is, in my humble opinion and only so far, the best WILD CARDS book.  To start with, it has the most impressive cast list:  Pat Cadigan, Stephen Leigh, Melinda Snodgras, Walter Williams, the acclaimed  Roger Zelazny AND my personal favorite, George R. R. Martin.    Mind you,  not all is swell.  We get an undesired cameback from Leanne Harper and  edward Bryant.  Any reasonable person who has read the series must learn to  dread those two.  Atleast we got rid of Lewis Shiner for this one, although  I far prefer his Fortunato to the dreadful Bagabond and to Rosemarry and  her straight out of a bad movie mobster friends.     So what did they  have in plan for us?  Well, the bad stories include newcomer's Cover tale  of Leo Barnett or whatever his name is, the priest whose name in ACES  ABROAD raised as many cries of outrage as McDonalds would in a French  restaurant.       The story is quite bad, and Barnett is an annoying type  who is not the material of great villians.  Harper's story isn't quite as  bad as some of her other stuff, and Bryant resorrects Buddy Holly - yeah,  that one.  I'm a moderate Holly fun, and a big Rock fun, so I survived that  story.   OK, now for the good stuff.  A quarter of the book takes place  between the end of Wild Cards 3: Jokers Wild, and the end of WC4: Aces  High.   While Tachy and company are abroad, the main plot line is of the  gang war between Kien's bunch and Rosemary's mobsters.   One of the  reasons this is such a great story is that it completely devided to  stories:  no less then 5 authors(Martin, Snodgras, Miller, Harper, and  even, to my great surprise, Zelazny) - half of the contributers - devide  their stories into sections. The first quarter sees Rosemary's secret  revealed (who cares?), and gives us great new insight to Croyd, the  Sleeper.  If the first Croyd story was tragic, and the second, Ashes to  Ashes, comic - then this is about the dangerous side of Croyd Cressen, or  as the the Aces Jingle( isn't that a cool idea?) goes:  "sleeper  waking, food taking/ sleeper speeding, people bleeding" We also see  cameo appearences by Demise, Bludgeon( I thought he was dead), and later  Golden boy( I wish he was dead). In the second quarter, the aces return  from their around the world trip, and we get some cute stories.  Cadigan  and Leigh follow stories from Aces Abraod.  Cadigan tells us another tale  fo Water Lily, focusing on Hiram Worchester, while Leigh continues the  adventures of Kahina and puppetman.  Leigh is one of my favorite WILD CARD  authors, and if his piece here isn't as good as his previous one, its  because he can't really push too much.  The story involves Chrysalis  discovering Puppetman's true identity, while he's running for presidancy.     In the last half, occuring all during one month, we see new plot line,  introduced briefly earlier:  a new version of the Wild Card virus. This  allows for some of Snodgras's best story telling, as she writes her best  story since Degredation Rites.  Some plotlines I though were drearly,  namely Tachyon's grandchild - seem to flurish under her capeable hand. I  still miss the enigma of Tachyon when he has been first introduced. I fear  he has become too well known, lost his mystery.  I would have liked some of  the excitment back. The two plotlines ar resolved in a rather nice,  subdued fashion, that tells us that there will be consequences. But let  us not forget George R. R. Martin's All The Kings Horses.  We have a return  to the Great and Powerful Turtle - a return of sorts, at least, as Tuds  goes through somewhat of a mid life crises.  The turtle is an enormously  difficult character to write for ( which is probably why Martin only wrote  three stories abouthim so far) and Martin uses him to exploar realities of  life - as well as the question 'What is it really like to be a superhero?'     