 Between 265 and 146 BC, the world has seen some of the greatest conflicts in history, rarely matched and probably unsurpassed until the 20th century.  The three Punic wars took place in Italy, Spain, Greece, Sicily, Sardinia and Africa.  They saw wide scales battles on land, huge clashes of fleets, sieges and treacheries.  And they have left to the world the legacy of one of the legendary war heroes.  Hannibal, with his daring passage through the Alps and his remarkable victories in Italy, belongs now to the ages, holding the romantic fascination which belongs only to a few generals who reached the brightest glory but have finally failed (like Robert E. Lee, Rommel and Napoleon). For those, like me, who come to this book innocent of the late Roman Republic, Adrian Goldsworthy's account explains the background, politics and world of the 3rd and 2nd centuries BCE, and gives as much light as possible to figures whose life is shadowed by the lack of historical records. With risk of oversimplification, the first Punic War was the almost inevitable clash between two growing empires, whose spheres of influence overlapped.  Carthage and Rome first fought over Sicily, with the fighting spreading to Africa and to the Mediterranean.  After several defeats, The Carthaginians agreed to a peace agreement, which put them in a clearly subordinate position to Rome.  With fresh insult in the form of the Roman annexation of Sardinia in 238, Hannibal Barca started the war in Spain in 218, and then marched to Italy, to wage war in the enemy territory.  Hannibal, and Carthage, failed, and the war ended with a treaty that put Carthage in a clearly subordinate position to Rome.  The last Punic war, and the destruction of Carthage, came from the paranoia of the Romans, immortalized by Cato's famous saying "Delenda Carthago".  Carthage must be destroyed, and so it was. `The Punic Wars' (or `The Fall of Carthage', in the British edition) is a military history, detailing both specific battles and the general strategy of the three Punic Wars.  For the most part, Goldsworthy does a good job summarizing and explaining the battles and movements of forces, as well as the disagreements between scholars about the exact locations of battles, and so on.  However, some of the maps are clearly insufficient, especially as Goldsworthy never gives more then one map to any one battle, even the complicated ones, such as the confrontation between Hannibal and Scipio Africanus in Zama in 2002.  Furthermore, there is a lot of discussion of various forms of ships, without a single diagram of them. The overall theme of Goldsworthy's book is that the Punic wars were more then just clashes between Empires.  They saw clashes between two different philosophies of war, or, if you will, cultures.  The Carthaginians, as was customary at the time, fought in order to establish the power balance between the sides.  A war was supposed to end with an agreement that will reflect this balance.  The Romans, on the other hand, could not see different countries of city states as independent.  The Romans fought total wars, which ended in either the subjugation of the destruction of the enemy.  For the Carthaginians, loss was unfortunate, for the Romans it was inconceivable. Only at one point during the Punic wars, there was a real chance of Roman defeat.  After his remarkable victory in Canne in 216 BC, Hannibal chose not to go for Rome.  "It is probably correct that Hannibal would have been unable to capture Rome if the defenders had put up any sort of resistance", Goldsworthy writes (p. 216).  Still, "Hannibal now posted a greater threat to the Roman Republic then any other foreign power would ever do throughout its entire history".  Would the Romans have withstood Hannibal at the peak of his power, or would they have agreed to sign a peace agreement?  Had the Carthaginians won the Punic Wars, history would have been very different  - but we will never know how close they were.     