 I first judged 'calculating god' based on the free chapter in Robert Sawyer's webpage. Based on the first chapter, I got the following impressions: First, Sawyer's prose was remarkably clear and effortless. That is a great talent, and whatever weaknesses I found in the book, Sawyer does have the ability to write stuff that is genuinely easy to read. It is obvious that Sawyer is a discipline of the Futurian, Asimovian way of writing, much like Isaac Asimov and Orson Scott Card. Second, that the writing was nonetheless clumsy. Sawyer writes lots of setnences like 'there were gasps from the small crowd that has assembled in the lobby; I tried to raise my non-existent eyebrows' (p.9). There was lots of jokes and references to pop culture, especially TV and movie SF. Generally, that was over done and not funny. Very occasionally, the jokes work, like a reference to William Shatner as 'the man with the obviously fake hair'. But those were the exceptions rather then the rule. Finally, the idea itself was very clever - suppose aliens come to Earth, and instead of being the cold, logical atheists we commonly expect from First Encounter SF, they actually believe an interventionist God. Part of the problem I have with the book was that it failed to conform to my expectations. I was expecting the author to write a SF mystery, where the hero, Paleontologist Tom Jericho, would find a naturalistic explanation for the theological explanation offered by the aliens. After all, this was SCIENCE fiction, and the triumph of logic over superstition is among the most important themes of literary SF. Based on this premise, I was willing to buy and read the novel, looking for a clever mind game. But frankly, what we get is a contradictory, unconvincing, teleological Deus Ex Machina story that isn't written well enough to justify the time you spend on it. Among the first sign of trouble was alien visitor's Hollus's discussion of the grand unified theory. In the sample chapter, Hollus is shocked to discover that the protagonist, a scientist, is an atheist. He says "I know from your television that there is much an ambivalence about God in this part of your planet, at least among the general public, but I am surprised to hear that someone in your position is not personnally convinced in the existence of the creator" But, in the discussion of the Grand Unified Theory, Hollus says that 'In the Past, most of the scientists in my workd were atheists or agnostic', and new, fictional science, convinced them otherwise.   what a cope out! In the first scene, we expect a complete clash of view points, but now, Sawyer pulls a rabbit out of the hat, to explain away all problems with his theological arguments. 'New Scientific Theories' rule out two of the three best explanations for a universe without design - either that (1)it is impossible for the universe not to be fine tuned to life, or (2)that it is not improbable for the universe to be tuned to life, or (3)there are multiple universes.  Sawyer spends lots of what seems like real science attacking the middle proposition, and I may grant him that he pulls a convincing, although not a conclusive case, for the invalidity of that possibility, but dismissing multiple universes and the possibility of life being a necessary feature of the universe, is a cope out. It is playing unfairly with the readers. Then again, this tendency is demonstrated throughout, in chapter 7, Sawyer discusses the game of life (pp.79-81) and COMPLETELY misses the point. I won't go into details, but the point is that again, Sawyer is inventing stuff (like the idea that the aliens have the same bases of D.N.A as we do - accepting that is pretty much the same as accepting design anyway) and not playing the game fairly. For the most part, the scientific/philosophical arguments feel like a dumbed down and twisted version of a popularization. Particularly, the discussion of the game of life and the breadth of issues dealt with bring to mind Daniel Dennett's DARWIN'S DANGEROUS IDEA, which is even mentioned in the book. Suffice to say, Dennett's discussion of many of the same themes as in this book is remarkably more concise, intelligent and articulate. Apart from the weak metaphysics, the characterisation and plot is extremely problematic. Of the two aliens encountered, Hollus is practically a human being in a rubber suit. Oh, occasionally he will not know the meaning of the work 'Supernova' or misunderstand some human gesture, but those are token things. In almost every regard, down to the sense of humor and ethics, Hollus is indistinguishable from human. the other alien, a Wreed, is more alien. But in practice, he's a human who speaks in a bizarre way. There's an interesting suggestion that wreeds have no moral problems, and can teach their morality to humans and aliens, but in two points where moral input could be used, the Wreed refuse to give them. They seem to be there only for the author to pour out his views on trivial and non contruvertial issues like killing abortion doctors (wrong) conterception (right), minor family quarrels (solvable) and abortion in case of rape (permissable). I didn't find the human characters more convincing. Tom Jericho who is called a 'Vampire Slayer' for fighting the museum evil bureaucrats. His wife and son, who adoringly reflect on the father and husband who left them earlier than he had to. Worse still are the creationists who, in the book's most unfortunate subplot, try to destroy the exhibitions in the museum. Ultimately, Calculating God is not a good book. It does raise some interesting issues, but it fails to do them justice.     