 Richard Evans is an accomplished historian, who has written about topics as wide apart as The Feminist movement and the death penalty in 19th century Germany, he is probably best known for his historiographical works:  "In Defense of History" was an interesting and illuminating, if somewhat unfocused book about the failure of relativism in history.  His book about his part in the David Irving trial, "Lying about Hitler", was as insightful as any book about the sociology of the Holocaust and as much of a page turner as any legal thriller.  Yet I have read none of Evan's histories, and his previous books were focused on particular movements or institutions.  How does he handle one of the best known, grandest topics in modern history, the rise to power of Adolf Hitler?  Spectacularly, according to the cover.  This "magisterial new reckoning", by a "great historian", is a "masterwork of the historian's art... a book by which all others on the subject will be judged".  Evans's work is badly treated by the overhyped desk jacket.  "The Coming of the Third Reich" is a competent historical work, with solid research covering almost every aspect of the period covered, whether politics, arts, economics or social trends.  Indeed, Evans's thoroughness as a researcher is at times a hindrance to his prowess as a storyteller - Evans indulges in information on peripheral issues, which distracts from his otherwise effective narrative.  The central question of this volume is how the Nazi party could rise in Germany.  For some, German economics and Kultur make the rise of Nazism so inexplicable, but not for Evans.  "It is questionable to assume that it was somehow less likely for an economically advanced and culturally sophisticated society to fall into an abyss of violence and destruction... culture and politics simply do not infringe on each other in so simple and direct a manner" (p. xxiii).  The elements of Nazism were already present in the post Bismarck, pre WW1 Germany under Wilhelm II.  Rabid nationalism, calling for pan-Germanism and annexation of the East, triumphant and paranoid at the same time;  Disdain for democracy, coupled with Romantic admiration of warfare and militarism; A Messianic cult of the leader, part Bismarck, part Friedriech the Great, who would bring unity and would shy away from neither violence nor coercion in pursuance of Germany's interests and honor.  The late 19th century saw the rise of Social Darwinism, misapplying the principles of evolution to human society and marrying them to simplifications of Nietzsche's philosophy.  Richard Wagner's nationalistic, bombastic music did not fail to effect wide circles in Germany and Austria, not least the young Adolf Hitler.  And anti-Semitism was widespread, both in paranoid fringe publications and in the mainstream: the Reich chancellor declared that "the Jewish question" contained "great dangers for Germany's further development". (Quoted on page 51).  But before the Great War, these ideologies were neither dominant nor, on the whole, dominant.  The Social Democratic party, though harassed by the government, had more then one million members, was the largest political organization anywhere in the world, and the main victor of the 1912 elections.  (p. 14)  Germany's defeat in the first World War and particularly the widespread belief that it was defeated on the home front, through a "dagger in the back" rather than on the battlefield, pushed these ideologies to the front.  Fearing violence from the Left rather than the Right, authorities in the Weimar republic were lenient on Nazi violence, and unwilling to genuinely suppress it.  The National Socialist Workers' Party, headed by the charismatic Adolf Hitler, expanded in power and in prestige.  Yet, as late as 1929, it was still "on the fringe of politics" (p. 230).   In 1928, it got only 2.6 percents of the Reichstag seats (p.446).  For all its flaws, Weimar democracy might have triumphed - but for the Great Depression.  The masses of the unemployed and the shrinking economy undermined the public's trust in democracy.  The Communist party grew in membership and influence.  , The centrist Catholic Centre party and the Liberal party turned to the right.  The power of the Nazis rose, and the Social Democrats, who still retained a large section of their constituency, remained the only party committed to democracy.  The high unemployment weakened the power of the traditionally moderate leftist Unions, who could hardly afford to strike.  The Nazi Party, with its amalgamation of anti-Communist and anti-Weimar ideology, and an image of youthful energy, became the largest party in the Reichstag.  Hitler refused to join a right wing coalition unless he was at its head (p. 302), and when attempts to rule through the Presidential powers of Hindenburg failed, nationalists turned to Hitler.  As thorough as Evans's examination of the rise of Nazism is, it nonetheless fails to address the central question of how much of this Rise was peculiarly German, and how much was it a part of a wave of Fascist revolutions sweeping all over Europe.  There is surprisingly little Comparative analysis, and most of it consists of speculations or generalities (pp. 443-445).  A related weakness is how little attention Evans pays to the man who is at the very heart of the Nazi Regime.  Adolf Hitler appears a lot in Evans's book (indeed, the mini-biography of his is one of the best I've read pp. 161-169) - but he hardly does anything.  The question of how the leader of the 'Nazi Revolution' helped shaped it is hardly addressed.  Evans's Hitler is more the symbol of German Nationalists than an active player.  When the Nazis rose to power, they started 'purging' the Civil service, the Arts and the Sciences.  By dismissing Jews, Communists, Social Democrats, and other "non-socials", the Nazis complemented their campaign of terror. Their attitude was best summarized by an unintentionally ironic line in a pro-Nazi play: "When I hear 'culture', I release the safety catch of my Browning".  The reader knows where the purge led - but Evans's book, the first of a trilogy, ends implicitly with: "To Be Continued..."        