 It is easier to pin point the ending of Tom Holland's book then its beginning - it ends with the death of Augustus in 14 BC, years after the Roman Republic has ceased to exist in anything but its name. The beginning of Holland's book, like the beginning of the end of the Roman Republic, is harder to spot.  Does it start with the fall of Carthage?  With the murder of reformer tribunes Tiberius Gracchus and Gaius Gracchus?  Or with the first clashes between Marius and Sulla?  Holland tells it all, in a spellbinding narrative that is hard to put down. In just under four hundred pages, we get a short overview of the early republic, and then a focused narrative its final century.  This is the story of some of history's greatest men and women, from Sulla to Cato, Pompey and Cicero and Cleopatra, and of course, Julius Caesar.  It is a tale of murders and political maneuvering, honor and greed and lust.  And, complicated as it all is, Holland serves as a fine guide through the intricate web of the dying republic. I think it's the power of the prose, above anything, that makes Holland's book so fascinating.  It reads like a novel, probably the best written account of the Roman World I've read since Robert Graves's I, Claudius.  At times, he may use anachronistic terms for the narrative ('location, location, location', or 'Mutually Assured Destruction') - but that's a misdemeanor that is easily forgivable, and some may find it charming. In the blow by blow account of the political struggles, it is sometimes hard to see a larger scheme or thesis.  In as far as there is one, it is probably that the decline of the Roman Republic came through the rise of the Roman Empire.  As the Romans expanded, out of Italy and into the entire Hellenistic world and beyond, its generals became increasingly rich and powerful.  The armies they have raised stopped being faithful to the Republic, and shifted their loyalties to their leaders.  The republic became an arena for a small number of powerful men, reducing the rest of the aristocracy to the role of near-spectators, when the best they could do was pick sides. In the introduction, Holland says that most events in the History are amenable to different interpretation, but in the text itself, there are precious few references to such instances.  Holland, I think, generalizes much too much about the way 'Romans' in abstract thought, felt, or acted.  His footnotes, referring exclusively to ancient sources (although his bibliography does contain much modern work) is virtually useless for anyone unless they're willing to dig into the primary sources. But at the end, that's just not that kind of a book.  Holland weaves a breathtaking tapestry of characters, events, and touches of mysticism.  Any flaws in the historiography are overshadowed by the triumph of storytelling.     