 There is now a bona fide genre of 'Sceptic' writings, which are probably familiar to people interested in Robert L. Park's "Voodoo Science: The Road from Foolishness to Fraud".  Along with the likes of Carl Sagan, Richard Dawkins, Michael Shermer and James Randi, Park attacks pseudoscience and stresses the importance of rationality.  "Voodoo Science" proves to be one of the better examples of this genre.  Although it doesn't quite match Carl Sagan's brilliant "The Demon Haunted World", Park's book is noteworthy for three main reasons:  The creative structure and fine prose, the choice of the targets, and the underlying theme of this book - how Voodoo Science is a journey from sincere errors through self delusion to outright fraud. Park's writing is elegant and easy to read.  I've finished 'Voodoo Science' within two days, a tribute both to the shortness of the book and to Park's ability as a storyteller.  Furthermore, Park explains science well; I particularly liked his explanation of the first and second laws of thermodynamics ("You can't win" and "You can't break even, either").  Unlike most of these kinds of book, Park chooses to tell stories throughout the book, and as a consequence gives the feeling of a plot unravelling.  Park also manages to tell similar stories together, proving that while fools change, the foolishness remains the same. Park's choice of targets is also an advantage.  Part of it is that Park's book is recent, and that many of the scandals are relatively new (the 80s and 90s, rather then the 60s and 70s as in many other such books).  But it is more then that - Park picks on phenomena which reached bodies - US Congress, Prime Time US TV, and NASA - who should have known better. The best chapters in the book are the fourth and eight.  "The Virtual Astronaut" attacks manned flights to space, and argues that they are huge vanity projects of little practical value.  It is a forceful suggestion, and one that is actually quite bold - unlike UFOs, Astrology and Creationism, Space travel is dear to the hearts of many sceptics, myself included.  Nonetheless, Park's case is convincing.  As presently carried out, Manned Space Exploration is a waste of time and money, and as the recent disaster of the Columbia space shuttle has demonstrated, dangerous as well. I do wish that Park would discuss some ideas which might make manned space travel a more practical possibility, particularly the proposal for a space elevator - a satellite connected with a cable to earth, on which it would be possible to 'climb' to space. Chapter 8, "Judgement Day" discusses attempts by the US Jurisprudence to fight Junk Science - the use of science to bewilder and bedazzle laypersons, and especially juries.  The US Supreme Court ruled that it is the Judge's role to be a gatekeeper, to distinguish for the Jury between real and fake science, using outside experts if necessary.  I wish Park had elaborated on this issue more, presenting some of the obstacles to this (such as who is qualified to decide, in concrete cases and on a tight schedule, what is or isn't voodoo science), and the dissenting opinions of the Supreme Court.  If Judges have to decide for the jury what science is or isn't, aren't we approaching the point where the judiciary dictates the trial's results?  Does the Judge replace the "Jury of one's peers" as the agent who finds the defendant guilty or innocent?  And if so, is it a good or bad thing? The main current of the book, its thesis, is an examination of the subtitle's "Road from Foolishness to Fraud". The how and when of inventors getting lost in their own hype, beginning to lie rather then admit they were wrong. This is an interesting theme which Park could have followed more closely with an inside look at people on that road.  Alas, no such a description is given.  I would have been particularly interested in an interview with Michael Guillen, the book's anti-hero, a physicist who "documents" all forms of paranormal folly for prime time TV.  An anthropologist's inside view on the scandal would have greatly added to Park's book. Such minor flaws not withstanding, Robert L. Park wrote an interesting and fun to read debunking book.  If you like the genre, you'll love it.  If you're a believer, try reading it with an open mind - it may do you some good.     