 The crises in US-Europe relations over the Bush administration's decision to go to war in Iraq is only the latest outburst in a wider scale conflict, according to senior Carnegie Endowment for International Peace associate Robert Kagan. Ever since the first world war, and in particular since the end of the Cold War, Europe and the US has been switching their traditional roles - Europe, the land of Machtpolitik, started to believe in International Law and soft power, and the United States, whose Founding Fathers wanted to start a new world order that was based on laws and not on power, became the new advocate of realpolitiks, international relations as a question of (mostly military) power.    The causes of these changes are three: first, the turn in ideology was caused by the shift in the balance of power between the United States and Europe. The United States rose and Europe declined. Second, the logic of European Unification dictates abandoning the nationalistic order and placing one's trust in international laws and institutions. Finally, with the fall of the Soviet Union, the United States as a unipolar world power has a much stronger incentive to act unilaterally, unconcerned with the need to display a common front of the "free west" against the "totalitarian east".    Probably the most controversial assessment in Robert Kagan's study is his claim that the perfect security that Europe currently enjoys is the product of the US's power politics. It was certainly true during World War 2, and probably true during the cold war, but is it true now? I think that one of the reasons for the split between European and American views of the world is that Europeans no longer feel that they benefit from US actions.    In the Afterward, Kagan makes a convincing case that European's insistence of the Security Council's sanction of the Iraqi war was disingenuous - in Kosovo, Europe and the United States went to war as a 'humanitarian intervention', in complete disregard to the Security Council, were the Russians were sure to block any initiative for War. Yet chief critic of US's unilateralism, the German foreign minister Joschka Fischer, was in favor of the Kosovo invasion, even though it was not authorized by the UN. (p. 129).    One can reasonably assume, with Robert Kagan, that when Europeans argue against US unilateralism, what they mean is that they want to influence its decision making. Kagan argues that the US should take Europe's desires into account - 'because American do care [about European opinion], the steady denial of international legitimacy by fellow democracies will over time become debilitating and perhaps even paralyzing' (p. 152).    The United States, according to Kagan, should return to the course perused before Bush Jr.'s administration - of defining the national interest broadly, taking into account Europe's wishes. Without that, it cannot achieve the legitimacy it requires.    If the US will thus enlarge its definition of national interest, there is still a "rub. For even with the best of intentions, the United States cannot enlist the cooperation of Europeans if there is no common assessment of the nature of global threats today, and of the means that must be employed to meet them." (p. 156). Kagan fears that the Europe will be to concerned with US power to see the threats in the world (p. 158).    But is Europe less attentive to threats in the world? The debacle about the Saddam's weapons of mass destruction is proof that the United States does not always perceive threats properly. In the 1980s, Iraq was a partner of the US (watch Michael Moore's Fahrenheit 9-11 for a video of a smiling Hussein shaking hands with a youthful Dick Cheney). Even if you think the US was alert to Saddam now, it was clearly oblivious to the threat he was back then.    As the bombing in Spain testifies, international terrorism is not a threat to the US alone. If there will be compelling case for use of force - like the first gulf war, Afghanistan and Kosovo - it's not unreasonable to expect Europe to approve of American Military intervention.       