 Or, how to battle the irrational and irrelevant. Flim Flam! is a fairly straightforward narrative.  There is a lot of nonsense in the world, and our fearless hero, James 'The Amazing' Randi, is out to expose it. One has to ask, who exactly is the audience for this book?  For skeptics such as myself, the conclusion is obvious - quacks and cheats and self-delusioned people claim that they can perform paranormal acts, but they are either lying or mistaken.  For the believers, this is a book that is at best irrelevant ("Just because a, b and c can't really heal with their touch, it doesn't mean that d can't"), or at worst fraudulent ("Randi won't admit the truth" or, as one person tell asks him "Why did you do this, Mr. Randi?  don't you believe in God?" p. 284) So hardly anyone can expect to come out of this book with their views radically changed. The only real target for this book would presumably be young adults and people who have yet undecided.  But frankly, I think people who want to make up their mind as to the truth of the paranormal or the value of skepticism, would be much better off reading a book like Carl Sagan's THE DEMON HAUNTED WORLD, which deals with a wider areas of subjects very effectively (from personal experience, I can say that having read 'The Demon Haunted World' at age 17, I was deeply influenced, and many of my present views can be traced back to that book, which is a -flawed - masterpiece).   Randi himself does not think his book is useless, obviously.  Quite the contrary, he writes lengthily about Jim Jones and about expensive miracle cures which don't work.  If the point is that rationality is good, then he's obviously correct.  But Randi can hardly change human nature, and as he himself testifies, few of the people he exposes learn and amend their ways. True, some forms of stupidity deserve to be tarnished, and when talk show interviews a self proclaimed 'Medium' it would be a good idea to have a skeptic around as well.  But Randi's subjects have, mercifully, not aged well, and as consequence, neither has his critique of them.  Uri Geller nowadays is all but forgotten, and skeptics who would not give him undue publicity best ignore him.  'Transcendental Meditation', which apparently was very popular in the 70s, is even less remembered now.  (A much better discussion of TM - alas within a problematic analytic framework - appears in 'The Future of Religion: Secularization, revival and cult formation' by Rodney Stark and William Sims Bainbridge). Those are the major offenders in Randi's book.  For the most part, the rest are even more obscure (although Eric von Daniken might be somewhat better known).  You've got a whole bunch of spoon twisters, leg pullers, faith healers and card tricksters, all or almost all of them must be well into retirement by now. One must wonder why does Randi pursue all these quarks?  How appropriate is it for a grown man to expose a man who - I kid you not - believe he can 'mummify' fruits and meat with his own hands? (p. 296) At some point, Randi and company actually build and underground pipe system in order to expose 'dowsers' (people who can detect underground water).  It must have cost a small fortune.  Shouldn't some people be left over for the mental health authorities instead of the stage magicians?  Especially considering how harmless most of them are. Ultimately, since I concluded the book is of very little importance, you are only left wondering, how well written and entertaining it is.  And in this front, Randi for the most part delivers.  His humorous, sarcastic tone, fits the subject matter entirely.  With chapter headings such as 'The Giggling Guru: A matter of Levity', you can expect fun reading, with occasional hilarious highlights.  My favorite case was a scientist, who, instead of using random numbers for a test of a psychic's abilities, put in numbers of his own choosing.  When this was discovered, a colleague put on an interpretation saying that this was because of the scientists own ability to know the future "the explanation would require that [the scientist] used precognition when inserting digits into the [random] columns of numbers he was copying down, unconsciously choosing numbers that would score hits on the calls the subject would later make" (p. 234).   In brief: fun and not too deep.  An educational 'flight' book, if you will.     