 "The Crisis of Islam" is a sequel of sorts to Bernard Lewis's best selling "What Went Wrong".  In that book, Lewis dealt with the question of Islam's backwardness: why has the Islamic world lagged so much behind the West?  In this book, Lewis tackles the related but separate question of Islam's belligerency:  why do so many Muslims hate America and the West?  Why were the 9-11 bombers Egyptians and Saudis rather then Korean, Vietnamese, Sudanese or Latin Americans?  There are essentially two schools of thoughts about the war with Arab and Muslim Fundamentalism.  On the one hand, there are those who think that the Anti-Western feeling in the Muslim world is a consequence of specific Western offences.  It is not always clear what those actions are, but top contenders are US support of tyrannical client states like Saudi Arabia, its support of Israel's occupation (or Apartheid if you prepare) of the Palestinians, the Colonial and post Colonial economic exploitation of the Arab world, and so on.  Supporters of this school of thought tend to see every area of Muslim/Western clash as a separate and mostly unrelated conflict:  Palestinian carry our suicide bombing because of Israel's occupation of Palestine.  The Iranians captured American hostages because of America's support of the Shah.  The Arab Street vandalized Scandinavian Embassies because of the Muhammad cartoons;  al-Qaeda attacked in New York because of America's "occupation" of Saudi Arabia and in London because of the Iraqi war.  The Other school of thought sees the root of the War with extreme Arab and Muslim states as rooted in some sort of Fundamental, ideological divide.  The confrontation with al-Qaeda and other Islamic and Arab Fundamentalists is a battle between Ideologies.  Like WWII and the Cold War, the West's fight against Muslim extremes is a battle between ways of life.  According to this view, al-Qaeda and its cronies are not so much fighting because of any specific grievance - they are against the influence of Western Ideas in Muslim world.  They fear Western materialism, immorality and secularity and its effect on Muslims.  According to that view of the world, what the first school's adherents see as a series of local clashes are actually different theaters in a worldwide struggle:  al-Qaeda has branches in every Muslim and many Western nations.  British born Muslims were behind attacks allegedly motivated by Israeli occupation of the Palestinian and British co-occupation of Iraq.  Iran's Fatwa calling for the execution of Salaman Rushdie, and its support of the Palestinian suicide bombers, the wide spread anti-Israel sentiments in remote parts of the world, Muslim murder of Dutch film maker are all manifestation of the same phenomena:  in Huntington's phrase "The Clash of Civilizations".  All this is of course a vast oversimplification.  Few commentators on the Middle East hold one set of these views exclusively.  The causes, characteristics, and alleged consequences of the confrontations are analyzed in vastly different ways, and the Policy recommendation of people within these two schools differ vastly (in the second school, there is a major difference between the Neo-Conservative and the traditionalist balance-of-power outlook; more on that later).  But broadly speaking, this classification holds.  Bernard Lewis is a strong supporter of the second, "Clash of Civilizations" school (Full disclosure:  I lean that way myself), and his book is a strong statement of that thesis.  Thus the main shortfall of "The Crisis of Islam":  Lewis asserts, rather then argues, his case.  Lewis's "What Went Wrong" was richly grounded in Islamic history and development, including all kinds of historical evidence.  In "The Crisis of Islam" Lewis routinely "reads the mind" of Arabs and Muslims:  he will often quote a thinker or a manifesto as characterizing a broad segment of Arabs or Muslims; But the relevance of specific thinkers or arguments has to be argued, and here Lewis fails, sometimes spectacularly so.  The most egregious example is when Lewis spends the better part of four pages dissecting a "Letter to America", allegedly from Usama bin Laden (pp. 157-160).  However, in the footnotes, Lewis writes: "the full text of the letter... [was] distributed via the internet... the personal authorship of Usama bin Laden is unlikely".  Then why give so much attention for a letter that, for all we know, has been published by a fourteen years old blogger from the United Arab Emirates?  Another major issue that Lewis does not address is the relations between Arabs and Islam?  Can Muslims in India, South East Asia and China really be classified along with Middle Eastern Arabs?  How do none Muslim Arabs fit into the "Crisis of Islam"?    Even if we credit Lewis and the "Clash" school, there is still the question of what the policy consequences of Lewis's assessment.  A major advantage of the "Western offenses" school is the clarity of its policy implications:  If the West only stopped its aggression against the East, the conflict between East and West would cease.  "The Clash of Civilizations" school leads to two possible Western policies:  the traditionalist, balance-of-power advocates tend to think that the US and Europe should "contain" the Middle East.  Strong, pro-Western dictators like Egypt's Hosni Mubarak should be maintained and supported, as the main line of the West's defense against Islamic extremism.  The Mubarak's of the world are much better then the alternative: the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt, the Ayatollah regime in Iran, and their supporters and imitators throughout the Muslim world.  The "Neo-Conservative" critics of this approach argue that it does not, in fact, ensure the safety of the West.  In a U.S. client state like Saudi-Arabia, religious schools preached an extreme version of anti-Western Islam, effectively enough for most of the 9/11 Terrorists to be Saudis.  America has trained and supported the Mujahadeens, the precursors of today's al-Qaeda.  It has armed Sadam Hussein, only to see it turn against US allies Kuwait and Israel.  Furthermore, the New-Conservatives argue that it is immoral to allow dictators to exploit and oppress their own people.  How can the US deal with regimes which discourage Free Speech, which routinely torture and oppress their citizens?  How can the West support the violations of Human Rights?  Thus, the West should promote democracy in the Middle East.  Lewis seems to vacillate between these positions.  On the one hand he writes that "If one compares... American policy in the Middle East with that of other regions. One is struck... by its success" (p.99).  On the other hand, in the book's conclusion, he clearly calls for US support to Democratic movements, and actually endorses the Iraq War (pp. 163-169).  So which is it?  I think Louis, like me, is torn between the cold, heartless logic of the traditionalist school and the moral suasion of the Neo-Conservative agenda.  Recent developments have not been kind to the Neo-Cons.  The conflict in Iraq is gearing up towards a Civil War, if it is not there already.  In every election held in the Muslim world, voters seem to elect extreme Muslim regimes.  The fall of Mid East dictators seemingly leads to Lebanons and to Irans, not to any Muslim version of the Velvet Revolution.  And yet, is there no way to merge together the Idealism of the Neo-Conservatives and the realism of the traditionalists?  Is the Middle East so lost, that the only choices are between pro and anti-Western bullies?  That is a grim vision to contemplate, for Islam and for the World.        