 Every so often, I wonder whether I'm growing up.  I started listening to Rock music when I was 17, and most of the groups I admire now I loved three years ago, too.  I can still get excited about new songs, but now they are mainly new songs by acts I love (Frank Black, Lou Reed), or old, old songs I am still discovering ("Brown Sugar", "Got My Mojo Working").  If I encounter a new band, I can fall in love with one or two songs, and merely like the rest ("The Crystal Frontier" by Calexico is the perfect example).  The new artists in my record rotation are mostly dead bluesmen and women (Muddy Waters, Chuck Berry, the not-quite-dead-yet Etta James). I still get wild in concert, I still wanna have a band, but I wonder, why is it that new artists don't attract me like old ones.  I listened to the new bands, and I sort of like their material, which they so clearly ripped off from better bands.  Not to name names, of course, but there's a certain New York Quattro which is a direct cross between the Velvets, the Stooges and the Smith.  Am I turning into an old cynic?   Just when I was about to conclude that it IS me, the White Stripes came and saved my day. I'm not quite sure  when I decided that the White Stripes where not just another band, but a major artistic group that deserves my attention.  I've been downloading stuff and listening to them in record shops.  It might have been as early as when I first heard "Sugar Never Tasted So Good".  I cringe thinking it may have been as late as when I fell in love with the Pixies vs. The Stones of "Seven Nation Army".  But it happened. The White Stripes have officially entered my pantheon of great bands;  They are up there with the Who and Husker Du, I AM KLOOT and Jon Spencer, Bob Dylan and Jimi Hendrix and Soul Coughing and the Pixies.  Some of these are better and some less so, but they are all classicists.  Welcome to the club. If you want a testament on why the Stripes deserve this sort of company, if you want to hear what great Rock'n'Roll is all about, you couldn't do much better then 'White Blood Cells' Beginning with Alternative rocker 'Dead Leaves on a Dirty Ground', with hard, bluesy riffs, White Blood Cell is a pleasure.  Some songs are better then others, but there's not a band card in the mix.  The single "Fell in Love with a Girl" is a classic, as is "I Think I smell a Rat".  "Now Mary", "Expecting" and "Offend in Every Way" are also hard rocking highlights. Maybe my favorite is the offbeat, spooky "The Union Forever".  Starting with a whisper ("You said the union forever"), it continues into a headlong punk screamer, where Jack White releases his frustration on the world "but that was UN---TRUE girl!  that was UN-TRUE!!!") From first to last, The White Stripes produced a fine album.  They didn't save Rock'n'Roll - it doesn't need saving.  But the White Stripes continue a great tradition, and make amazing music.  Enjoy.     