 Peter Novick has written two of the best history books I've ever read.  In "The Holocaust in American Life", he dealt with the changing perception of the Holocaust in (mostly) Jewish America.  "That Noble Dream: The "Objectivity Question" and the American Profession" is even better, a wide scale study of American Intellectual life from the late 1800s to the mid 1980s, focus on its evolving perception of truth and objectivity, and questioning the ability of historians to tell it, as Ranke ordered "wie es eigenlisch gewesen" - as it actually (or essentially), was. I was delighted for having managed to put my hands on a copy of Novick's earlier and lesser known study, "The Resistance versus Vichy", based on his doctoral dissertation, studying the war the Resistance has waged on the Vichy collaborators. Unfortunately, although the topic is fascinating, Novick treatment falls short of the very high standard I've come to expect from him.  There are times when one can get a glimpse of the master's voice in this narrative, especially during a narration of the struggle between Generals de Gaulle and Giraud, or the trials of Marshall Petain and his henchman Leval.  But more often, Novick's book is unfocused, and the proverbial trees obscure the forest. Novick's book is about how the purges were hampered by the various technical obstacles, political realities, and different outlooks of the various political parties (The Communists, Gaullists, Conservatives, etc).  The Purge was part of the dream to create a New France, "pure et dure", and its failure caused much early disappointment and disillusion from the fourth republic.  "The failure of the purge to satisfy either of these groups - or indeed, to satisfy anyone, was inevitable" Novick writes.  "[the leaders of the Provisional Government acted] as honestly, as conscientiously, and as well as any group of men could in the circumstances." (p. 189). The purge had many forms - from mob lynches to minuet cleansing in the police and the armed forces, prosecutions of informants and Vichy ministers, and a court which forbade or suspended participation in public life.  The purge affected every walk of life - but whether it was too hard or too lenient depended on where you stood.  Either way, the punishments varied considerably from case to case, with little consistency, and the laws under which the collaborated were persecuted were retroactive.  Very few people, either Vichyites or resistants, were satisfied at the end of it. Novick's research is considerable, and his judgment is, I believe, sound.  But his presentation is flawed.  Trapped within the minuet details of obscure beauracratic organizations and petty politicians is a story of a land that was torn apart, of a rebirth that was partially aborted at the very beginning.  Unfortunately, "The Resistance vs. Vichy" does not quite tell that story.     