 Of all the world's civilizations which had to cope with the meteoritic rise of the West in the last five hundred years, Islamic civilization seemed best placed to do so.  Islam was both geographically and culturally close to the West.  It formed a wide ranging empire, reaching as far east as the Pacific and as far west as the Atlantic.  It was also the leader in the Arts and Sciences, and more pluralistic and accepting of minorities then was Christendom.  It encountered the great technological advanced of the west as they were taking place, and could adapt to them.  Compared to other world civilization, Islam suffered the least from Western Imperialism, which ruled the Islamic world only for a few short decades after the collapse of the Ottoman Empire.  Finally, the Middle East received the last minute blessing of oil, a source of wealth which it could have used to modernize itself and its society.  Yet Islam failed.  Today, the Islamic world competes only with sub Saharan Africa as the greatest loser of the modern age.  Economically, it has been over taken not only by the West, but also by East Europe, Japan, east and south Asia, India and Latin America.  Barring oil, the total exports of the Arab world are less then those of Finland (p.52).   Scientifically, the former leaders of the world now make virtually no contribution, accept for individual scholars working in the West.  And militarily, the Islamic world has been defeated not only by the Christian empires (whether France in the 1800s, Britain in the First World War, and the United States in the first Gulf War), but also by a small and relatively poor Jewish nation.  Bernard Lewis's wonderful, eminently readable book, "What Went Wrong: Western Impact and Middle Eastern Response" deals with all sorts of questions regarding the relations between the West and the world of Islam.  A historical survey of the last thousand years, and particularly the last 300-400 years, it deals with such wide ranging issues as slavery, clock-making, women's rights, and the influence (or lack of) of western music.    In terms of answer to the failure of Islam to modernize, Lewis's views are interesting if not really original: other writers, notably David Landes, have suggested more or less the same remedies: Democracy, Capitalism, Science, and hard work.  Lewis's insight is in the details: he offers a fascinating discussion of the separation of Church and State which is ingrained in Christian thought, but foreign to Islam.  There is no Islamic equivalent of "Render unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things which are God's".  Under Islam (as under Judaism), "God was Caesar" (p. 108).  Christianity was formed as a suppressed, or tolerated, religion, and remained so until the conversion of Constantine, by which time its traditions were already well established.  But "Muhammad was, so to speak, his own Constantine" (p.110).  Until its importation from the west, in Islam there was no concept of spiritual and temporal domains.  Another factor in Islamic backwardness is the status of women.  "The difference in position of women was indeed one of the most striking contrasts between Christian and Muslim practice, and is mentioned by almost all travelers in both directions", Lewis writes (p. 73).  "Muslim visitors to Europe speak with astonishment, often with horror, of the immodesty and forwardness of Western women [and] of the incredible freedom and absurd deference accorded to them" (ibid).  The relative liberation of women in the secular states of the Middle East is a "major target of different schools of militant Islamic revival" (p. 77).  But if the Muslim world is to catch up with the west, it cannot afford to give up half of its "manpower".  When confronting their obvious weakness, some Muslims play the "blame game", whether blaming the Mongols, the French, the British, the Americans or the Jews.  Yet, as Lewis writes: "The question 'Who did this to us?' has led only to neurotic fantasies and conspiracy theories.  The other question - 'What did we do wrong?' - has led naturally to a second question: 'How do we put it right?' In that question, and in the various answers that are being found, lie the best hopes of the future." (p.177).  Thus there are two paths available for Islam: One is symbolized by Kemal Ataurk, the man who founded Modern Turkey and dragged it, sometimes kicking and screaming, towards Modernism.  The other is the violent Islam of Osama bin Laden.  Unfortunately, that is the path that the Middle East is currently pursuing.         