 I can quite honestly say, that I know of no one who is a larger fan of the Pixies or of Frank Black.  I have all the CDs, several live shows, tons of Napster tracks, all the bootlegs I could find.  I've been to five Frank Black concerts ( and counting...) even when it required travel.  I'm a FAN. The Pixies were something truly unique.  A band like that doesn't come around often.  The Pixies are unique in the way the Velvet Underground were, and perhaps Television.  That's more or less it.  An Underground band that rocked the universe away. This is a CD of their b-sides, immaginatively called 'The Complete B-Sides'.  It really isn't, though.  I have several b-side tracks in my collection which aren't here - mostly live recordings. But this IS a record of Pixies songs most non-obsessed fans haven't heard before.  So... what are they like? Well, generally speaking, the first ten tracks are very good, and the last 8 not nearly as much. Amoung the first 10 tracks, you have 'In Heaven', certainly one of the better covers the Pixies or Frank Black has ever done.  Black Francis's screaming here are priceless... and the lyrics are obscure and haunting enough to have been written by our man himself. Dancing the Manta Ray is a terrific song, and one which Frank Black is currently performing in his live shows.  The intro of guitars, drums and screams is terrific, as well as Francis's singing 'Your head can go real screw... with saucers cha-sing you'. The UK surf version of 'Wave of Mutilation' is haunting and probably better than the original.   Into the White is Kim Deal's moment.  Her singing proves again that she has the sexiest voice in Rock'n'Roll.  I'm also very fond on the rythem guitar here, especially the distortion filled part in the chorus. Make believe is a hysterical song about Debbie Gibson, sang by David Loveering.  It is honestly strange, to here the Pixies with a NORMAL singer.  Lovering is very competente, and he sings sweetly, which in a way comes as a shock. My favorite track in this CD, and one of my top 10 Pixies songs, is Baily's Walk.  A song about a homeless who after every few steps had to stop, spin, and tap himself on the head.  It's one of Black's most powerful vocal achievements, a song that is eery and appealing at the same time, quite yet powerful.  In short - the Pixies at their very best. Even the weaker songs in the first 10 are very interesting - Manta Ray and Wierd in My School shine through Joey's guitars and Kim's hyper backup vocals, and it's allways nice to here songs like Vamos again... The next 8 songs aren't quite as good, mostly because they don't contain original songs.  'The Thing' is just a cut from the Pixies's 'The Happening', and 'Letter to Memphis' is an instrumental version of one of the Pixies's best.  Velvety is another instrumental, while 'theme from Narc' is a bizarre injoke, which really doesn't work for me.  As for the Niel Young covers, the most interesting is 'I've Been Waiting For You'.  It is interesting because it sounds like a Breeder song, and you can see the great influence Young had on Kim Deal.  Build  High is silly and Santos is cute, but not much more. Overall, this is a great purchase for Pixies fanatics like me.  If you're not a Fantatic, get all their albums first, than buy this.     