 First thing's first;  Alister McGraith is an enlightened, educated, informed Christian apologetic;  I might be demonstrating nothing but my own prejudice here, but I rarely encounter such credible theistic advocates;  While I often disagree with McGraith, and I think that he sometimes entirely misses the atheist's serve, his legs are planted firmly in the playing field.  McGraith offers the first book length critique of biologist Richard Dawkins' atheistic philosophy.  Remarkably, he hardly addresses the main arguments Dawkins raises against theism.  Instead, McGraith launches all out attack on Dawkins's weakest arguments, while ignoring the best of them.  McGraith similarly ignores atheists like Daniel Dennett, who offer substantial criticism of theism similar to Dawkins's, but more sophisticated.  Since Dennett's brilliant "Darwin's Dangerous Idea" can be characterized as one long diatribe against God, ignoring Dawkins's chief academic supporter is surprising (Dennett is mentioned 3 times, on points unrelated to his atheistic views).  McGraith also spends much of the book on irrelevant asides, like an examination of Darwin's religious views, a detailed critique of Dawkins' concept of memes, and the history of Science and Religion.  McGraith's strongest attack regards the argument from Design.  Darwinian evolution offers a crashing counter argument for the famous theistic argument from design -that God is the only possible explanation for the complexity we see around us (also known as "the Watchmaker argument").  McGraith correctly points out that the failure of the Watchmaker argument does not disprove the existence of God - merely the weakness of one argument.  Indeed, for some theistic interpretations, a naturalistic explanation in the Darwinian vain is not complementary, but a necessity.    Furthermore, McGraith points out that the argument from Design is not a traditional Christian argument, but an 18th century development.  By the early 19th century, the watchmaker argument was "an outmoded way of thinking" (p. 65).  Due to various weaknesses of the design argument, particularly the problems with the idea that God had designed the crueler aspects of the world, prominent Christians such as John Henry Newman opposed it even before Darwin (p.67).  But McGraith's reasonable defence is over extended.  First, McGraith makes much of the fact that "Science leads neither to atheism nor Christianity - the scientific method is incapable of delivering a decisive adjudication of the God question" (p. 53).  This is true, but highly misleading.  Science cannot answer the God question, but there is nothing sacrosanct about science.  For a variety of historical and methodological reasons, science is defined in such a way as to not answer the ultimate questions; But that's neither here nor there; The same kind of reasoning indicates that God played no larger a role in the creation of the Earth as she did in the creation of the peacock's tail; We call the second conclusion science and the first metaphysics or philosophy, but that's little more than a play on words.  Right or wrong, the argument against God as cannot meaningfully be dismissed as "unscientific".  McGraith ignores the major implication of Darwinism on the explanatory power of atheism.  After Darwin, atheists only need to assume a very simple universe:  we know how complicated life forms can evolve from simplicity.  But a theist has to assume the pre existence of an all powerful creator.  Occham's razor is clearly on the atheist's side.  McGraith's other successful attack is on Dawkins's linkage between religion and violence.  Dawkins argues that religion causes great harm; McGraith counter argues that religion also brings great good, and that atheism's record is every bit as mixed as that of Christianity or Islam.    McGraith rightly points out that goodness and badness has very little to do with one's metaphysical persuasion: "there seems to be something about human nature which makes our belief systems capable of inspiring both great acts of goodness and great acts of depravity" (p.114).  What if we conclude that religiosity has little to do with morality (Contra the so-called Reagan doctrine and ideas of theist philosophers like C. Stephan Layman)?  That sits perfectly with an atheist model of the universe, but doesn't correspond to a Christian one.  After all, atheism only implies that there is no God; it says nothing about morality.  But Christianity assumes that its followers are doing God's will, and are striving to the best of their ability to adhere to his ways: shouldn't that effort show some results?  Although McGrath does indeed elaborate on "Genes, memes, and the meaning of life", his book is very short of talking about God, Dawkins' or otherwise.  Thus he ignores the Dawkins' strongest critique of theism - that it is false.  Even barring all the other objections to God's existence, it is up to its proponents to defend the concept, just as was up to Darwin to promote the concept of Natural Selection, and for Dawkins to persuade us of the legitimacy of the "Gene's viewpoint of the world".  No such defence is offered anywhere in the 159 pages of Dawkins' God.  McGrath may counter that his is not an evangelic book in the conventional sense, and that the task of validating theism is left for another day.  But when a leading advocate of Christianity, despite all of his knowledge and sophistication, fails to make the case for it, one wonders.     