 After losing his Congress seat in 1849, former Whig representative Abraham Lincoln did not hold any public office for 12 years. He lost two Senatorial elections - but in 1861, he was elected as the first Republican president of the United States of America.    The main thrust of "Prelude to Greatness: Lincoln in the 1850s" is the attempt to explain how that happened. This is not a biography - rather, it is a collection of interconnected essays exploring, among other things, the importance of Lincoln's Illinois background, his transformation from Whig to Republican, the House Divided speech, and above all, the contest between Lincoln and the most important politician of the 1850s, Stephen A. Douglas.    The late Don E. Fehrenbacher was one of the best scholars of American Law & Politics in the 19th century, and of its relations with slavery. He is best known for his study of the Pulitzer winning account of the Dred Scot Case, but has also written books about the Secession Crises in the United States and about the relations of the US Government to Slavery.    Those who have read Professor Fehrenbacher before will reencounter not only his masterful prose and careful analysis, but many themes that he has written about elsewhere - Slavery in the territories, the "Freeport doctrine", the Dred Scot Case, etc. But the greatness of Fehrenbacher was his ability to offer every time a new insight into these issues, widening and deepening your understanding of it.    This time, the focus is on the interplay between the ambitions and ideals of Abraham Lincoln and Stephen A Douglas. We see the famous "House Divided" speech as Lincoln's attempt to distinguish between the Anti-Lecompton Douglas (the Lecompton constitution was a fraudulent pro slavery creation, which Stephen Douglas opposed because he felt it violated the principle of popular sovereignty) and the Republicans: Republicans saw slavery as evil, whereas Douglas treated it with indifference.     Fehrenbacher maintains that the 'House Divided' speech was less revolutionary then it sometimes appears. "The bright promise of ultimate extinction [of slavery] was one of the consequences expected to flow naturally from a settled policy of restrict[ing the expansion of slavery]" (p. 76). So Southerners could supposedly be satisfied that, beyond restricting its extension, no further steps against slavery were intended. Yet, as Fehrenbacher points out, Lincoln believed in a national policy against slavery, treating it as an evil (p. 148). For Southerners, who saw Slavery as a matter of the States, and who have come to appreciate it as a positive good, that was unacceptable.    Yet, at least with the benefit of hindsight, The South promoted the worst policy possible, if the defense of the "Peculiar Institution" was what it was after. By their insistence of the repeal of the Missouri compromise (forbidding slavery in the part of the Missouri territory north of the Mason Dixon line), a harsh fugitive trade law, and accepting the fraudulent Lecompton constitution, Southerners agitated the Northern public about the slavery issue, thus strengthening the Republican Party.    When Stephen Douglas, courting his Northern audience, adopted increasingly anti-Slavery positions (interestingly, Fehrenbacher here sees Douglas's position as entirely opportunistic. Later, in 'The Dred Scot Case' he saw Douglas's motives as a mix of calculation and principle, see Fehrenbacher, Dred Scot Case p. 465), the South's alienation from Douglas made it even more extreme - thus, the "Freeport doctrine", which said that the people of a territory had the ability to reject slavery by unfriendly legislation (essentially, the observation that unpopular laws are difficult to enforce), initially acceptable to the South, became anathema once it was identified with Douglas.    Lincoln's rise had much to do with Stephen Douglas. Without the Lincoln-Douglas debates of 1858, he probably wouldn't have become president, at least not in 1860. But Lincoln's triumph in the Republican convention in Chicago was based on his apparent moderation - the leading candidate William H. Seward, was far too anti-Slavery; and his public opposition to nativism was also objectionable.    Lincoln was elected because he was a compromise candidate - his public profile of moderation, essential for winning over the lower Northern states, and being a representative of Illinois, one of the crucial states in the election. But he also won because of his careful political maneuvering. Lincoln certainly 'grew' as a president, but facing the most crucial presidency in American history, Lincoln was already the right man.       