 What is the role of the Supreme Court in a democratic state?  Are the Supreme Court judges 'Philosopher Kings' who make law for the whole nation?  And how should the judges interpret the constitution and the laws of the United States of America?  In 'Desperately Seeking Certainty', Daniel A. Farber and Suzanna Sherry examine six Constitutional scholars (including U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia), who believe they have found the answer to the last question, and thus the first two questions, as well.  The six scholars all have theories of how the U.S. constitution is to be interpreted.  Those include from Antonin Scalia and Robert Bork's Originalism - the belief that the US constitution has a specific meaning that can be recovered based on the historical record. Textual Analysis - the claim that the meaning of the constitution can be derived from its language.  Bruce Ackerman holds that the constitution has been conceptually amended three times in US History (during Foundation, Reconstruction, and the New Deal), and that the role of the court is to preserve these changes, and particularly the heritage of the New Deal.  Ronald Dworkin, philosopher as much as lawyer, holds that the Judge's role is to interpret the constitution based on the principles of liberal democracy.  Farber and Sherry hold that these theories are all misguided, because they elevate something that is important and useful to a supreme position.  Originalism, Textual Analysis and individual rights all have their role when Courts interprets constitutional law, but they are not exclusive.  In an ongoing joke, Farber and Sherry compare the theorist to people on a steady diet of latkes only - so much of it just isn't good for you.  Farber and Sherry hold that the practice of the Supreme Court is not as problematic as we may think it is;  Just because one aspect of the American System is not democratic, it doesn't mean the whole isn't.  The Supreme Court is hardly the only unelected body in the US - The Federal Reserve is equally unsupervised, and the Senate is disproportionaly representative.  Farber and Shelly hold that the theories are unworkable as a guide for judging, and they stand against 200 years of Supreme Court tradition.  Furthermore, there is no indication that any of these theories enjoy, now or in the past, the support of the majority of the "We, the People of United States".  "Desperately Seeking Certainty" in an interesting and insightful, although sometimes fairly technical, book.  It is a call for pragmatic jurisprudence and stressed the role of the judges "The Judges [should] be open minded, receptive to opposing views  and capable of balanced judgment... these traits of character, not adherence to a grand theory, mark the difference between a principled judge and a willful one" (p. 156).  We can find no refuge in grand theories of constitutional law, the authors tell us - the law, like life, is too complicated for that     