 Having read, reviewed and thoroughly enjoyed Niles Eldredge's 'Reinventing Darwin', I was looking forward to his account of the creationism controversy.  Although an interesting read, I found unfocused and disappointing. Much of the problem is that Eldredge writes what are in essence several different books.  We have discussions of the Scientific Method, primers on evolution, the fossil record, patterns of life and punctuated equilibrium, attacks on young earth creationism, and a reply to Intelligent Design Creationism.  All this in a framework (expressed in the introduction and the concluding chapter) claiming that religion, along with science, can solve the great challenge that lays ahead of us - the ecological crises and the threat to biodiversity.   Unfortunately, there are much better essays on each of these issues, and that the strength of Eldredge's arguments vary considerably between these issues.   After an interesting introduction, Eldredge treats us with a sound but all too brief discussion on scientific methodology. Eldredge explains how in science, we have a hierarchy of ideas - some extremely well established (like the 'fact' that the Earth is round and that life evolved) and some more speculative (like the superstring theory or the age of the universe).  Thus the creationist regular chant that evolution is 'just a theory' is meaningless. It is a good discussion, but more sophisticated accounts exist.  My personal favorite is chapter four of Alan Sokal and Jean Bricmont's Intellectual Impostures ('Fashionable Nonsense' in the American edition). Chapter three 'The Fossil Record' is probably the dullest chapter in the book.  There is very little wrong with the discussion of the evolution of life in it - although it maybe stresses the ideas of Eldredgess 'Naturalist' school a little too much - but it is not very coherent.  Eldredge simply is not the master of prose that Gould and Dawkins are. Chapter four, which deals with Natural selection and punctuated Equilibrium is much better, in part because of its lovely history of evolutionary thought structure, and in part due to the eloquent 'Naturalist' account of evolutionary theory - with all the stress on Punctuated Equilibrium you would expect from its co-creator. Chapter five is an attack on Young Earth Creationism.  It deals mostly with Geology, and is both competent and unexceptional. In Chapter Six, Eldredge argues that Creationists are often dishonest, and takes on the Intelligent Design movement headed by Phillip Johnson.  For the most part he does a good job.  Nonetheless, better criticism of Johnson's concept of 'atheistic materialism' appear in Tower of Babel: The Evidence against the New Creationism by Robert T. Pennock.  The critique of Michel Behes irreducible complexity, while true, is far from thorough (the best review on Behe is an on line article in the Boston Review Intelligent Design, Again by H. Allen Orr). Furthermore, on this chapter and on the next one, Eldredge bends over backwards to please the religious, especially Christians.  The matter here is the association between evolution and atheism.  While anti-evolutionists wish to equate evolution with atheism, biologists like Gould and Eldredge sometimes fall into the opposite trap  pretending that there is no discord between evolution and religion.  Actually, while evolution does not disprove Christianity (or religion in general), it certainly poses a challenge to Christianity which Christian apologetics should face if they wish to persuade us that Christianity is true or at least intellectually acceptable. The tendency grows worse.  In chapter seven, Eldredge falls deeper into the bending over trap.  Eldredge claims that he sees a great role for religion in the future  religion is mankinds tool to fight off the coming ecological crisis. Eldredge thinks that religion mirrors ecology  religious traditions, especially as embodied in concepts of God, are deeply if not wholly ecological concepts as well (p. 162).  He demonstrates this by an argument so thin  using only two examples, one of them from the King James Bible and one from an African tribe  that it barely requires refutation.  What is the religious response for the current crisis ? the emergence of the economic impact of humanity on the biosphere as a whole is so new that it is perhaps to be expected that no religious traditions independently mirroring the relatively recent scientific understanding of the problem have yet emerged in other words, even if you were to accept the  extremely metaphorical  connection between religion and the ecological niche mankind posses, the connection is obsolete.  Nonetheless, there is hope.  Eldredge observes a growing movement in conservative Christian circles, a movement that can only be described as green (p.167) Now this is patently irrelevant.  As much as the leftist and secular environmentalists may applaud that our religious brethren are finally opening their eyes to a danger that has been known since the 1970s, what does that have to do with their religion?  If the religious wants to join the good fight, they are welcome to it, but it doesnt make the struggle for biodiversity religious. Eldredge has redefined religion in such a way as to make it unrecognizable.  The problem of religion will not go away so easily.  Eldredge simply refuses to except that the existence or inexistence of God is an empirical question  and he hides the differences between science and religion with obfuscationist rhetoric.  Eldredge dares say that on the one hand we created God in our own image but that does not say that the concept of God in question does not exist in precisely the manner Christian theology specifies (p. 166 note 12).  Of course not  but no one can take seriously the idea that we invented God in our own image and somehow miraculously captured the way God really is like. Eldredge claims to respect all religions, but if religion is false it does not deserve respect.  Rather, like any other false idea, it should be discarded, and whatever social role it plays must be taken over by an institution based on truth, not myth.     