 In some respects, this is the most interesting live Lou Reed album. Most Reed live albums so far has focused on the famous Velvet and early Solo cuts (Sweet Jane, White Light/White Heat, Heroin, Rock'n'Roll, Walk on the Wild Side and Satelite of Love, along with a few others), while this album focuses on newer and lesser known tracks, from the late 70s, 80s and 90s. Generally speaking, the band is in fine form, and so is Lou Reed, the problem, though, is in the song selection. Some songs come off really well, others fail completely. I'LL BE YOUR MIRROR, the sole Velvet track here, is beautiful musically, demonstrating the guitar effect Reed talked about, but the vocals are hard to live with.  The recent hit PERFECT DAY is reproduced here in a stripped to the bone structure which does the song no justice. Similar treatment is given to the Berlin track THE KIDS, with only slightly superior results. VICIOUS, though, another song from Reed's arguable peak in the early 70s, comes off very well. Completely re-worked into a grim killer instead of a Power punk tale, 'vicious' here is what live concerts SHOULD be all about - rethinking old songs. After a four song run through the classics, newer material come with BUSLOADS OF FAITH and KICKS, tracks off New York and Conny Island Baby respectively. Both of these songs are OK, you can Rock to them but you won't fall in love with them. Next come two new tracks, from a Reed collaboration with Director Brian Wilson. TALKING BOOK is forgetable stuff, only slightly comming to live in the last moments. INTO THE DEVINE, though, is the real McCoy, a terrific, energetic song with frightfully powerful lyrics (I think you're so beautiful, I think you're so fine, and I think, I would miss you, if you disappeared into the devine).  After that comes one of the best songs in this record, CONNY ISLAND BABY. This late 70s song is a tale only Lou Reed could write... love rescuing one from an abusive Football couch? Well, Reed's words are better than mine (Remember that the city is a funny place... something like a circus or a sewer... and the glory of love, might see you through). The next track is also strong 'NEW SENSATION', I haven't heard the original, but something tells me it wasn't anything as vicious as this. Lou Reed's screaming Motorcycle tale hits the bull's eye again. Sadly, the same can not be said about 'WHY DO YOU TALK' a time Rocker song, and the worst number here. Why three Time Rocker tracks were included while Magic and Loss and especially Songs for Drella were left unrepresented is a mystery to me. Lou Reed sings 'Why won't you shut up' in this song, he could've taken his own advise. Things go better with RIPTIDE, a track from Lou Reed's latest record (at the time) Set the Twilight Reeling. Originaly an electric track, it comes off very nicely accoustic. SEX WITH YOUR PARENTS and THE ORIGINAL WRAPPER are songs which are bound to speak differently to different audiences. I personnaly love them, but even I wonder if they're really the best songs to put in Lou Reed's first live album in 15 years... Fortunately, this set closes with a terrific live version of Dirty Blvd., which is one of the best songs Reed has ever written. This powerful version is much better than the original, and the perfect ending for what must have been, if not a PERFECT night, than at least a hellova concert.     