 On the 31st of January 2003 I went to concert that double featured a seemingly very unusual combination - The Jon Spencer Blues Explosion (a hard rock band with over-the-top Blues mannerism) and Solomon Burke, a legendary Soul singer from the 60s.  I came to see Jon Spencer - but I left with memories of Solomon Burke as one of the most amazing performers I've ever encountered.  The deep, rich voice, the energetic personality (even though he sat on a chair and rarely got up during the entire show!) and most of all, Burke's showmanship, the way he cast his spell on the crowd, were simply unrivaled. This CD captures as much as possible of that magical spirit.  It has Burke at his best - crispy clear, enthusiastic and focused.  It has sharp, minimalist back up band (along with special guests such as 'The Blind Boys of Alabama' and Daniel Lenois).  It doesn't hurt that it has some of today's finest songwriters contributing songs to it.   I find it interesting that the target audience for Burke's latest is solidly the Rock/Alternative Rock crowd.  Burke, a little like Hendrix, is now firmly in the predominantly white rock camp.  I suspect there is an interesting social message in that - but let us get back to the music, for it is very nearly divine. The music rages from the brittle blues of the title track, through the folky Fast Train, ..., Jazz-Soul (Flesh and Blood) and something approaching Gospel (the sublime none of us are free). The only weak track here is from another 60s relic, Brian Wilson's Soul Searching, which proves that not everyone has a place in the comeback market - go back to the Beach Boys Reunion tours where you belong, Brian! Everything else varies between the very good and the sublime.  Van Morrison contributes two tracks, both of which appear on his latest CD.  The first one, Fast Train is particularly good.  Joe Henry's Flesh and Blood is dark, slow and atmospheric.  Both the Costello contribution and Lowe's song (The Other Side of the Coin) are good.  I'd say Lowe is better - the lyrics seem fresher, and the music a little more catchy. Three songs deserve special attention.  Tom Waits is one of the most versatile, thoughtful and clever songwriters of our time.  'Diamond in Your Mind' is one of his best songs - it keeps away from the over the top humor of songs like 'Better Not Married' and 'Goin' Out West' for the simple beautiful melody (a la Alice and I Hope That I Don't Fall In Love With You).  Burke is truly into it - he performs with real passion, careful in the verses and explosive during the choruses, especially in the stunning ending ("one more time" Burke shouts, and the band launches into the chorus again). Bob Dylan is a man who needs no introduction.  Stepchild is a song from the late 70s, which was sometimes performed with the grand band Dylan had during the 'Street Legal' tour.  It has been abandoned after Dylan's conversion to Christianity, and like most of the late 70s pre-Jesus stuff, has not been played live since.  It is nice to know Dylan hasn't forgotten this song, which is a funky-bluesy gem.  Burke's interpretation is masterful (as usual) on this one - his references to Dylan ("Whatever you want you know I'm willin'/But I sure can't be Bob Dylan") perfectly capture the humorous I-got-knockdown-but-I'll-get-up feel of the song. Arguably the best song in the CD 'None of Us are Free' is one before last.  It has a poetic social theme straight out of John Donne (None of us are free/If one of us is chained), a long with a powerful melody.  This is a Gospel number, and appropriately that the Blind Boys of Alabama are featured as back up vocalist.  The refrain is addictive and, as Burke says in the liner notes, he could've gone on with it all night. Interestingly, instead of ending in this epic note, the powers that be chose as final number the intimate 'Sit This One Out'.  I probably would have preferred 'None of Us Are Free' as a last song, but I understand the decision - it is a personal statement from the fatherly Burke, in the best tradition of Soul and Gospel, that we can overcome, and that we will prevail.  Amen.     