 Winston Churchill fought WW2 twice - once between 1939 and 1945, as a minister and later prime minister during Britain's 'Finest Hour', and again, a few years later, while writing "The Second World War".  David Reynolds tells the story of Churchill's memoirs, how they came to be, how they reflected and deferred from what actually happened, and what their influence has been.  Churchill had contemplated writing his memoirs while serving as Lord of the Admiralty and as Prime Minister during the War.  After the first world war, Churchill had written "The World Crises" which Lord Balfour had described as "Winston's brilliant autobiography, disguised as a history of the universe" (quoted on p.5).  Churchill clearly thought to use his material later, going to lengths to mark his telegrams "personal" as to override official secret policies (p.28).  Since before the war, Churchill was prone to statements such as "History will say that the Right Honorable Gentleman was wrong in this matter.  Pause.  Broad grin "I know it, because I shall write that history". (pp. 37-8).  Thus, Churchill's conduct during WW2 was to some extent influenced by his intention to later officially record it.  Rather than a personal memoir, "The Second World War" was a history of the conflict, centered upon Churchill and structured around his memories and war time memos, it nonetheless explored most aspects of the War.  Churchill headed a complex operation (dubbed "the syndicate") of researchers, historians, ex-soldiers and bureaucrats, who did most of the writing.  Among Reynolds's most fascinating insights is that Churchill's memoirs were an "unofficially official" history of the Second World War, promoted by and encouraged by Whitehall as a way to get Britain's version of the War across.  Senior Civil Servants played an important role in the memoirs, allowing the publication of a mass of documents and even writing some of the text.   Churchill's History is biased in several ways:  Perhaps inevitably, Churchill tends to make himself more far sighted in retrospect.  His account in "The Gathering Storm", of his war against appeasement, makes him seem a much stauncher opponent of appeasement much earlier then he really had been.  Similarly, following the Fall of France, Churchill had privately had doubts about the possibility of final victory.  But his histories follow his public persona and emphasis his belligerency.  Churchill excuses the Norway invasion, and generally casts himself in a positive light.  Unlike most memoir writers, Churchill had been a prominent politician and a world statesman when writing "The Second World War" - the last volume was written while he was prime minister for the second time.  Thus the memoirs were "Diplomatic history", history that was very careful not to hurt Britain's interests or insult allies (particularly Eisenhower).  Churchill was very conscious of writing for the present and the future, not for the past.  Reynolds' book recounts all this and much more.  It covers Churchill's financial benefits from the books (between 18 and 50 million dollars in current terms, pp. 533-534), his working habits (which included 'working vacations' at the publishers' expense) and the critical reactions to the book - overwhelmingly, but not unanimously, favorable.  Throughout Reynolds' book is always well written, and much of it is fascinating, but it does have the draw back of getting into unnecessary details, dissecting all kinds of quarrels between Churchill ad his various generals or officials, or going at length about the inaccuracies in description of minor military operations.  Much of Reynolds' book is commentary on Churchill, and might have been more useful as annotation than as a self sustained monograph, particularly for those, like me, who have only a general knowledge of WW2 and who have not read Churchill's 6 volumes.  Of all the major war leaders Churchill was the one who had published his memoirs soon after the War; Hitler, Roosevelt and Mussolini had died before the war ended.  Stalin published nothing, while De Gaulle delayed publishing until the late 1950s.  This is partly why, Reynolds considers Churchill to have been "In Command of History"    He suggests that Churchill had ruled historiography ever since, at least in the English speaking nations.    But throughout, Churchill's account has been contested; He has not managed to convince the public at large that he was an enthusiastic about Overlord, nor to achieve unanimous support for his actions in Yalta.  His attempt to pin the blame for the 'appeasement' of the Soviets on the American military command following the Normandy invasion had failed, and his marginalization of the Eastern front could not outlast the Cold War.  For all his greatness, Churchill could no more command the War of History as he could control the War in Asia and in Europe.     