 The popular perception in the English-Speaking world of the First World War as a tragedy, a wrong war fought for the wrong reasons, and directed by incompetent Generals, is the target of Gary Sheffield's "Forgotten Victory".  Sheffield argues that the First World War was a justified, even necessary British war,  fought for the traditional goals of maintaining the balance of power by preventing a hegemonic European power from taking over the continent.  Sheffield also argues that British generals and tactics were better than they are usually credited.  Given that the War cost just under a million British and Commonwealth soldiers (p. 6), that Britain lost its empire as a consequence of the war, and that another European war broke out twenty years after its end, Sheffield's thesis faces a huge challenge.  And although his book is mostly well written and very interesting, I don't find it very convincing.  To me, the key question in asking whether the War was justified is assessing the Nature of the threat.  If Imperial Germany was as great a threat to world peace as Nazi Germany, then surely its defeat, at whatever cost, was absolutely necessary.  But if, Wilhelm's regime was rather more like Napoleon's than like Hitler's - obviously bad and dangerous, but not monstrous - then one must ask whether the end of defeating it truly justifies the means.  With the benefit of hindsight, Britain and the world would have been better off had it not entered the First World War.  Sheffield argues that enemy possession of the Low Countries would have put Britain in increased risk of invasion (pp. 40-41).  Of course Britain should have felt threatened by Imperial Germany's possession of the Low-countries, but not overwhelmingly so.  After all, neither Hitler nor Napoleon used their positions of masters of Europe to launch an invasion of the British Isles.  Given the disasters of the twentieth century, it's hard to avoid the impression that had WW1 ended like the French-Prussian war, everyone would have been better off.  Nonetheless, at the time, the decision to back France was both rational and just; It meant maintaining the balance of power, defending the Low countries, resisting an aggressor, and helping an ally and a fellow democracy.  With retrospect, prudence should have taken the better part of galore - but no one could have anticipated that in advance.  The error of judgment was in turning Britain's involvement into a total one.  Lord Kitchener's original plan was to maintain a relatively small force on the continent, while waging a primarily naval war and spending British treasure, rather than British lives, in the early parts of the war (pp 80-81).  What dissuaded him was coalition warfare - namely the fear of the fall of France.  In August 1915, Kitchener chose to increase dramatically Britain's involvement in the war, rather than risk France being knocked out of the battle (pp. 85-87).  Similarly, the need to co-ordinate with the French led the British to fight in times, places and scales that where not of their preference, such as on the Somme (p. 162).  If one accepts that Wilhelm II was no Hitler, that was surely a mistake.  In its European wars, Britain had often lost allies but won the war.  It lost France in the Second World War, Russia in the first, and, alternatively, Russia, Austria, Italy, Germany and Spain during the Napoleonic Wars.  It went on victory at the end anyway.  Compare Kitchener's ready deployment of extra troupes with Churchill's great reluctance to opening a second front in WW2.  Churchill risked losing Russia to save British lives and interests - Britain's WW1 leaders, whether Kitchener, Asquith or Lloyd George, didn't.  Furthermore, Sheffield gives short shrift to the argument that Britain and France's Imperialistic war aims weakened the ability for compromise peace.  Could a separate peace have been achieved with Austria-Hungary and particularly with the Ottoman Empire, had Britain and France not insisted on territorial gains?  Sheffield tends to emphasize the idealistic goals of Wilson's America, and deemphasize the Imperialist goals of the Allies.  Clearly a war for Peace and democracy would seem more glorious then an opportunistic thrust for colonies - but for the Allies if not for the US, the War was more the latter than the former.  Evaluating Sheffield's charge that British tactics were actually quite rational is difficult.  Sheffield repeatedly invokes the concept of "Learning Curve" to argue that mistakes were made, but that lessons were learned.  Unfortunately, "Learning Curve" is a term that can disguise a multitude of sins.  At least some of the British Expeditionary Force's "lessons" should have been self evident:  "the importance of careful reconnaissance of ground about to be attacked over" and "the crucial need for careful training", for example (pp. 180-181).  Other improvement would have occurred whether Britain engaged in massive attacks or not - the quality of ammunition was dependent upon the Learning Curve in the factory and the laboratory, not the battleground.  The question I'm most undecided about it whether Britain's major offences were justified.  On the one hand, as Sheffield acknowledges, the technological tactics of the time were clearly to the side of defenders: " by placing their soldiers in trenches, they offered a small target to the enemy, difficult to accurately locate and even more difficult to hit with bullet or shell.  Conversely, attackers had to expose their whole bodies to enemy fire as they crossed No Man's Land" (p. 119).  This would clearly suggest that sitting still and waiting for the enemy to come at them would have been a better British strategy, while all the while developing better weapons, tightening the blockade on Germany, and attempting to draw the US into the war.  On the other hand, German and British casualties on the Somme were roughly equivalent, as were French and German casualties in Verdun.  So possibly, and counter intuitively, defence might not have been a better offence than offence.  The problem with Sheffield analysis, and with his exoneration of British high command, is that he considers Victory to be the only relevant criteria.  He quotes approvingly the commentary of Charles Gray: "To succeed in strategy ... all that is required is performing well enough to beat an enemy.  You do not have to win elegantly, you just have to win" (quoted on p. 104).  By that criteria, its self evident that the First World War was a Victory, albeit not a forgotten one.     