 In some ways, most Nick Cave albums are very similar.  they have 1-2 Great songs (From Her To Eternity and In the Ghetto, Mercy Seat and Deanna, Papa Won't Leave You Henry, Red Right Hand and Do You Love Me, The Curse Of Millhaven), 1-2 songs which are good but not great (St. Huck, Up Jumped The Devil, Loom of The Land and Jack the Ripper, Stagger Lee and O'Mally's Bar).  The rest are pretty forgettable. No More shall We Part follows the pattern.  The great song here is 'Fifteen Feet of Pure White Snow'.  It is a classic Cave song - a strong delivery, powerful melody, interesting lyrics (Where is Mona? She's Long gone, where's mary? she's taken her along, oh but htey haven't put their mittens on and there is Fifteen Feet of Pure white Snow), powerful images (I waved to my neighbor, my neighbor waved to me, oh but the neighbor is my enemy).  and a strong climax.  Clearly a triumph. The good songs are Oh My Lord and As I Sat Sadly bu her Side.  Sat Sadly has a good melody and some interesting lyrics (I couldn't wipe the smile off my face... as I sat sadly by her side). Oh My Lord is slow going but fun all the way.  'I thought I'd take a walk today - a mistake i sometimes make'.   But I must say I'm disappointed by this album.   First, Nick Cave's vocals leave alot to be asked for.  The Raw Power is gone, and the new 'pretty singing'  really isn't Cave's strong point.  Cave can do menace - but he's not very good when he tries to do compassion. Most of the melodies aren't that interesting, the songs are generally based on Cave's piano more then anything else.  In the past Mick Harvey wrote some great songs with Cave (The Mercy Seat for example).  Here Cave writes most of the melodies alone, with Warren Ellis contricuting on a few tracks. But the lyrics are the real problem.  What was Cave thinking while writing God is in the House?  It is way too long to be a poor joke 'Homos roam in the streets in packs'  makes him sound like a racist old man, and the entire song about a small town blessed with divine intervention seems wiered from a man who had written THE CURSE OF MILHAVEN, in which a 15 years old girl murders dozens of people in just such a town, and THE MERCY SEAT in which Jesus' presence is felt by a serial killer waiting his execution. And for a man who is supposed to write in the literary end of Rock'n'Roll, what kind of lyrics are 'Love letter, love letter, go get her, go get her'?  When Cave tries to improve on this he doesn't add much: it becomes 'Love letter, love letter, go tell her, go tell her'.  hmmm. Perhaps the best comparison would be between Halleluja and an earlier Cave track PAPA WON'T LEAVE YOU HENRY.  Granted, HENRY is one of Cave's best songs, but why shouldn't we compare his recent stuff to the standard he himself set? Hallelujah is one of the better songs in the album, especially with creepy vocals in the end by the back up singers.  Like HENRY, it starts in a trip: On the first day of May... Am I the only one who laments the old Nick Cave?     