 Richard Dawkins is one of the most interesting popular science writers working today, and usually his books are filled with insight and perception about evolution (and other topics), written in clear and effective prose.  This book is different from most of Dawkins's books, as it targets biologists rather than laypeople, and so it is a much more frustrating and difficult reading for such readers. Frankly, if you are, like me, a lay person, don't read this book before reading other books by Dawkins, most notably The Selfish Gene, but also other stuff by him.  I doubt I would have understood this book had it been my introduction to Dawkins's ideas.  The glossary, though helpful, is far from complete and rarely detailed enough. But for all this, The Extended Phenotype is richer in observations and ideas then any other book by Dawkins I have ever read.  Dawkins says this is his best book, and you can see that he has a point. The book has three main themes.  The first is discussion of left over issues from The Selfish Gene, answering criticism and elaborating on the ideas in that book.  The second is clarifying some issues in discussion of evolution, such as replicators and vehicles, fitness, etc.  The third one, and the one for which Dawkins is most proud is his 'Extended Phenotype' - the concept that genes operate on the enviornment, and that the body (the individual organism) is a link in the chain of orders passing from DNA to the external phenotype - beaver dams or host behaviour that helps the parasite, or any other activity that helps the genes. Frankly, the concept of the extended phenotype is best explained in the chapter about 'The Long reach of the gene' in the new (1989) edition of  'The Selfish Gene'.  The book is actually best when Dawkins deals with the two other themes -difining genes for example, and discussing replicators.  Those chapters are masterworks of clear, essential thinking, of which Dawkins is always a champion. Finally, one would wish that the book was updated.  Many discussions are based on information that at the time was brand new, and follow up would be useful.  uinfortunately, Dunnet's afterword does not do the trick, and is more of a hymn to Dawkins (albeit a justified one) than anything else. 'The Extended Phenotype' is not an easy read, but it is definetly worth it.     