 The Critics seem unanimous in their dislike of 'The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen', although they can't seem to agree upon why exactly it is bad.  Some critics dislike the 'alternative geography' of Venice; Some dislike the incoherent plot, while others seem to think the usage of Oscar Wilde, Arthur Conan Doyle and HG Wells characters in an action flick is an outrage.  They are all missing the point. Based on a graphic novel by Alan Moore (of which I've only read the first part yet), The league of Extraordinary Gentlemen has the coolest concept I've seen in the movies for a long, long time - I can't think of any movie since 'Memento' which had such a cool central idea - it takes all the classic heroes of Victorian literature and turns them into heroes in a wild, James Bond-esque action adventure.  Although the adaptation stays away from the plot of the comic, it maintains the spirit of outrageous fun, which makes this one of the most entertaining movies Hollywood has produced lately, like Pirates of the Caribbean and Terminator 3. After a tank rolls into the Bank of England, the movie splits into three main section.  First, we have a near flawless introduction of the characters, from the retired Allan Quatermain(Sean Connery), through The Invisible Man (Tony Curran), Captain Nemo (Naseeruddin Shah), Mina Harker(of Dracula fame, portrayed by Peat Wilson)  Durian Grey (introduced in the film's finest action sequence, and brilliantly played by Stuart Townsend), the improbable Tom Sawyer (Shane West), who should have been in his 80s in 1899.  The sequence culminates in the appearance of the film's most fantastic character, the CGI created Nautilus. After picking up Dr Jekyl (Jason Flemyng), and his alter ego Mr. Hyde (accurately described by Roger Ebet as a "WWF version of Fat Bastard"), the middle section of the film involved an unlikely but well executed chase sequence in Venice (yes, you couldn't drive a car there, nor could a ship the size of the Nautilus really navigate in it, but that's trivial nitpicking, in my view), a betrayal, and a clever combination of exposition and sabotage, in the best homage to camp. The final part of the film is a traditional "scale the bad guy's castle" sequence in snowy Mangolia, which is saved from mediocrity by the fine acting all around, and by several meaty scenes, like a confrontation between two main characters, which gives tribute to the book the villain came from. The film is not without problems.  The plot is overly cliche, and could have used some more meat.  Much early banter, especially between Quatermain and Mina Harker, clearly reflects earlier versions of the story which stayed closer to the original version.  The Hyde and Jekyl characters are not dealt with particularly well, and the Nemo role is underwritten.  The worst part, though, is the treatment of the mysterious M, by far the highlight of the graphic novel, which is completely ruined in the film. Yet in the end, none of these problems matter.  Fun all the way through, 'The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen', is an exciting adventure story, where the brilliance of the concept far overshadows any weaknesses in the plot.     