 There are at least two things to commend Jamie Whyte for; first, he is a fantastic writer, and his book is the funniest non fiction I've read since at least Deidre McCloskey's "The Secret Sins of Economists"; Second, Whyte stood against Jacques Derrida receiving an honorary doctorate from Cambridge.  I stumbled upon Whyte's "A Load of Blair" while roaming the shelves of Borders in London's Charing Cross Road.  Whyte critiques British politicians of all creeds, although the main target is the British Prime Minister.    Most of Whyte's attacks are both hilarious and accurate:  See, for example, his take on head of the Conservative party Michael Howard's professed principles:   "They are pathetic.  None distinguishes Mr. Howard from Mr. Blair or from Gordon Brown, or, indeed, from anyone who can operate a toaster.  They include the following astounding ideas:    ... I do not believe that one person's sickness is made worse by another's health  It is reassuring that Mr. Howard does not believe that good health causes illness."  (pp. 16-17)  Whyte is equally devastating when attacking metaphors: "[UK's foreign minister Jack] Straw did not explain why Britain's prosperity depend on being in the heart of Europe.  The fact that Britain is a major player in the world stage, the sir Lawrence Olivier of nations, seems irrelevant... the main problem with Mr. Staw's position... is the difficulty in knowing what it is.  What does it mean to be in the heart of Europe?... if I do not know where the metaphorical heart of Europe is, I cannot know whether Mr. Staw is right that locating Britain anywhere else will make us poor and insecure."  (pp. 46-47)  While the majority of Whyte's attacks hit on target, Whyte's philosophy should cause some discomfort for readers:  Whyte does not understand, or does not entirely accept, the idea of a representational democracy, and he has much too much faith in free markets.  First, consider Whyte's solution to the problem of politicians failing to fulfill promises: "In, business... [promises are guaranteed] by the facts that cheats will be sued for breach of contract.  That is surely the answer in politics.  Voters should be able to sue parties or politicians who break election promises" (p. 25).  As things stand, there is already a wide concern about judicial supremacy - imagine what would happen if every campaign promises would be subject to judicial review!  The result would not be, as Whyte writes, to "keep [Blair and] other politicians honest" (ibid.) - it would be the usurpation of sovereignty from the people and its investment in the courts.  Furthermore, Whyte attacks Blair's repeated attempts to be likeable, and his repeated professions of good faith.  "Invading Iraq may have been a good idea... [Blair's] personal morality, however, is irrelevant.  Suppose we accept Mr. Blair's high opinion of himself... [h]ow does any of this show that invading Iraq was a good idea?" (p. 21)  Most modern democracies are representative democracies.  In Switzerland the people often vote in referendum for or against political programs.  In most democracies, however, we do not vote for programs - we vote for people.  The elected official is an agent of the electorate, entrusted to make decisions for them;  Yes, the policies matter - but none of us know enough about all the important issues to know whether the candidate's views are correct or not.  We must vote for the people whom we believe will make the right choices, and thus, despite what Whyte writes, the personal integrity, and wisdom, of the politician matters a great deal.  Whyte pours wrath on Blair's "hooray words" (p. 48) such as "justice", "fairness" and "enterprise", correctly pointing out that these words often serve as camouflage for empty rhetoric.  But platitudes are arguably necessary for an important part of a leader's role: to inspire.  Inspiration is an important attribute of leadership.  Churchill inspirational speeches are among his important accomplishments (and for Ronald Reagan, arguably the only accomplishments).  Given the highly symbolic and ceremonial nature of British politics (where the sovereign is still, in principle, the Queen), it's strange that Whyte overlooks this.    Finally, Whyte's distrust of politicians is strangely mismatched with his over-trust in free markets. "Private spending is something you should be glad about, because it normally delivers a net benefit.  If I buy something for 1 ?, then I must value it more than the 1 ? I spend on it... where government spending is concerned, however, there is no reason to assume a net benefit (p.111)."  Although, the second part of this statement is true, the first part is questionable; and the conclusion Whyte draws from it is entirely untenable: "If individuals purchased healthcare and education directly out of their own cash, including cash received from the government, there would be no cause for concern" (p.115).  That's patently false - Even given the most conservative economic models, education and health care are issues that involve externalities - that is, the costs and benefits of my education and health affect not only my well being, but other people's as well.  An educated work force is the main reason why the western world is richer then the East.  The value to society of a health, educated public is higher than the value of health and education for any individual.  Furthermore, giving people the money and letting them spend it themselves on healthcare and education assumes people are unrealistically rational and well informed.  The industry of Homeopathy and the enthusiasm for Creationism in schools should be enough to convince anyone that, people don't always know what is good for them. Despite Whyte's enthusiasms, markets do not always deliver a net benefit.     