 Stand on the seashore and look around and you will notice two things. The first is that the ocean looks awfully flat. The other is that the earth looks, if not round, then circular: you appear to be in the middle of what can only be a circle, or you are equidistant from the horizon in each direction as you spin around. The natural conclusion to reach is that the earth is round and flat. At night when you look in the sky the two things you notice is that the planets move but the stars do not. It is Hahn's argument (although he does not put it this way) that Anixamander, beginning from these facts or facts like these, devised the first cosmology, and a cosmology that very much resembled the column of a Greek temple. The column consists of stacked segments, and each segment is joined to the next by a smooth surface that encircles a rough center. If one anologizes this to the universe, the smooth part is the ocean circling the earth and the rough middle is the earth. The universe is in that case not spherical but shaftlike, like a temple column. The stars would serve as the first circular layer, and then each of the planets. In this schema the stars are actually closer than the moon. Like a person at the bottom of a well looking up, he cannot see that the outer rings are empty of stars (and occupied by the planets) because its stars all the way up and all around. If you imagine a tree cut in the middle, in which the center ring is stars and the outer rings planets, and then imagine someone looking up and surrounded by stars in that central ring: all he can see is stars, interspersed by planets. In any case, Hahn makes much of the apocryphal tradition that makes Thales, and by extension other Milesians like Anaximander, architects or friends of the architects. He appears to have a kind of Heideggerian ax to grind: philosophy was born from the brain, not of Zeus, but techne. (Consider, for instance, all the plays on "joint" (Fug) in Heideggers reading of the one existing fragment of Anaximander, which Hahn, it does not appear, ever mentions). Hahn comes up with a clever theory, and he solves the mystery, at least to his own satisfaction. The last chapter on the "politics" of the temple is perfectly unconvincing and not an essential part of the book or his argument.     