 It is not often that you read a perfectly convincing argument, but this book did it for me. The charts alone tell the whole story: increased spending on welfare while poverty is decreasing, coupled with higher crime,  illegitimacy, unemployment, low birth weight all beginning within the years  1964-68. I've never cried at a movie, but if any book deserved a few tears,  this would be it. Apart from the increase in birth rates, which Murray  tries but fails to explain as a function of rational choices (can it  ever?), every other statistic is shown by Murray to be the indirect result  of well-intentioned and perfectly disastrous policies. Beginning with the  indifference to poverty in 1954, to the modest programs under Kennedy, to  the whole-hearted expansion under Johnson, to the institution of a  permanent minimum income under Nixon, the war on poverty was lost within  three years without anyone bothering to call off the troops. Murray makes  the point that any slight "variance" in the statistics, even if  only a tenth of a percent, is considered significant, but illegitimacy  among poor blacks, for instance, drops from 80% to 40% in a matter of a few  years. How human behavior, perfectly stable for decades, can change in a  matter of a few years is, in fact, shocking, and Murray engages in a little  detective work that is entirely convincing. The reason is in fact no  mystery: if you pay people to stay unmarried, live apart, and not work,  they will do precisely that. If, on top of that, you stop jailing criminals  and seal their juvenile records, crime will also go up. That the Watts  riots occured just two weeks after the 1964 civil rights legislation, and  the new welfare poliicies were instituted the same year, is no accident  either. Murray is perhaps so hard for liberals to swallow because he  fingers precisely their liberal guilt and its attendant policies for the  subsequent underclass epidemic. When the lawyers and social workers start  justifying handouts and remove the stigma from welfare, the poor are made  to feel that only chumps work for a living, and that feeling can only be  exacerbated by what they see of white wealth on tv. (No one is more attuned  in America to the magical power of brand names than the poor). Which brings  up my only criticism of Murray: just because rational choices can explain  the entirety of a behavior does not mean they are the sole cause. As Magnet  argues in "The Dream and the Nightmare," part of the reason for  the wholesale breakdown of the poor black family has to be pinned on the  "counterculture" and its disparagement of work, thrift, etc., but  as for what he does try to show, Murray gets everything but a confession.     