 The "Conquest of Cool," or the colonization of anti-corporatism by the corporations, is correct if not particularly original. I think that Marx said that the bourgeois would sell the rope at his own execution. Even  our seemingly most private moments, like walks on the beach or eating  birthday cake, not to mention Christmas or Mothers day, have already been  packaged by Hallmark and Merrill Lynch before they are ever experienced,  creating a strange kind of deja vu that we can only combat with irony,  which generates its own returns per marketing dollar. Harris documents this  with a spleen and persistence which is tiresome and boring. The best  chapter, the first, on cuteness, enumerates the many varities of  anthropomorphism and transvestism that are used to sell toilet paper and  cereal. But cute hasn't been sold to us: cute couldn't be sold to us if we  didn't already like big needy eyes and pudgy figures, even if  "cute" is a kind of deformity (would beauty then be computer  generated symmetry, like the new Betty Crocker?). Nor is "cute"  contemptible simply because it is a form of the grotesque. Harris is a gay  man, and I think I can suggest that his spleen for "cute" and his  sexual choices are not unrelated without being vicious. The chapter on  quaint is also well done, and it can take a while to untangle the kind of  perverse logic that leads people to buy processed and bleached Pepperidge  Farm white bread. What the book lacks is any sense for the political aspect  of the styles, whether quaint or cool cute, that are being sold. For  instance, David Brooks of Bobos in Paradise is much more attuned to the  twisted egalitarianism at work in selling the chrome bathroom fixtures at  Restoration Hardware or the camping tents at REI. And if he took a look at  Communist (or Fascist) propaganda, he would see that "cute" and  "quaint" and kitsch are in fact the apolitical kernel of their  ideology. The book itself is another shrink-wrapping of anticoporate ire,  but that irony seems to be lost on this particularly humorless author.     