 I'm a former USMC sergeant and squad leader. I served briefly in a grunt unit, worked as a marksmanship instructor for USMC recruits, shot expert 3 times, and might have made a good sniper had I been unlucky enough to serve in combat. Does this make my remarks germane? Yes, it does. Does it make them necessarily correct? No, it does not. I've scanned 100 reviews or so, and wanted to focus tightly on a few criticisms: 1. The beach.  I thought there was an error in that Miller gets to the beach sopping wet, but his clothes are no longer drenched by the time the bangalores have cleared a path through the mines. As several point out, there was a several hours delay from hitting to taking Omaha. So, that was actually right... Also, the Germans there did strike me as pretty ragtag. Remember the Czechs, and the Hitler youth knife? Sure, that fellow still could have been sporting it after several years, but he might also have been pretty young, and I think that was the point. 2. Air cover. My impression is that air cover stops at a beach. It's too close to risk calling in fire. 3. The machine gun nest. Why did Miller bother, and why was it frontal, and how could a squad of Rangers, (OK, they're elite troops), actually survive? This is a good question...  First, I recall Reiben, our Brooklyner with the 30'06 (that's 30 caliber, folks) Browning automatic rifle (BAR) is told to set up a "base of fire". If you've never been fired at by a 30 caliber machine gun at close range, you may not realize just how distracting that can be, even for a machine gun crew behind sand bags. Second, surprise. If you're reading a letter from home, or cleaning your rifle, or using a cathole, then suddenly hear rounds flying, it takes a moment or two to collect your thoughts, chamber rounds, grab your helmet, and so on. Those guys were apparently asleep at their post as they did not spot the Rangers on approach. Third, mines. Machine gun nests are nasty places. Mines are not unlikely. Too much sneaking around is unhealthy. Fourth, the sniper. I'm not sure they actually saw anyone to snipe initially? Squads do periodic patrols, and waiting around to ambush the bad guys has its good and bad points. In short, they were stuck between the proverbial rock and a hard place. Let's do the math. 7 guys, one a noncombatant basically and another a medic, leaves 5. For some reason, likely a good one, the sergeant seemed to sit this one out - leaving one good fighter behind to carry on looking for Ryan if they were all blown away made sense. That leaves four. One of these guys is setting up a base of fire. That leaves three free - Miller, Mellish, and their sniper. That's not enough to rush a nest, so the medic gets called in to make at least an extra moving target, and does yeoman's duty. Miller's reasons for assaulting it made sense, and could in no ways be considered a violation of orders. OK, a judgement call, but I'm siding with Miller on that. They got lucky to be unspotted, and the next squad very likely would not be so fortunate... Germans were all over the place, and the essence of being a squad leader in that sort of scenario is to hit and run before you're pinned down. There's also a thing called "cowardice in the face of the enemy", punishable by death in wartime, and if they ever did return, that sort of thing does not go over well with your superior officer. 4. Ramelle Everyone loves picking this apart, so here's my finale. You're the commander of a recon element sent to take a vital bridge. You've got no air cover and therefore no time. Your predecessors have also just beaten the stuffing out of a small arms unit that was there, which to your knowledge has not been reinforced - just a handful of guys who basically are cut off... I'll guarantee not everyone in your shoes will play it safe and send in the infantry to get chewed up piecemeal... Remember, this is your unit. You're likely understrength, and cannot expect reinforcements as everyone else is screaming for them.  Street fighting is as bad as it gets, as the German Sixth Army discovered in Stalingrad, when they were losing 20,000 men, (yes, that's an entire division), a week in this same kind of fighting. So, what's a likely approach? Four tanks, a 20mm cannon, a few halftracks, and an understrength company of infantry that's likely been forced-marching... I'll guarantee (also) you're pretty confident you're going to crush whatever they put out...  So, what do you do? You know they can't take out your two tigers with direct fire, so you keep enough infantry close to protect them, then simply take your chances. One street or the other, and that's what it boils down to, and the sooner you get the bridge, the better. I've never been to the War College, of course, that's for officers, but if you're the commander on the spot, what other options have you? You give your orders, and suddenly your set-piece battle has vanished. "And that's all I have to say about that." P.S. If anyone knows what the SS soldier is saying to Mellish as he knifes him, I'd like to know. Regards.     