 Critical Theory, more or less, is that discipline of the Humanities that interprets the Arts via the ideas of philosophy and psychology.   Paglia's "Sexual Personae" is a work of critical theory focusing on human sexuality. Paglia assumes the mantle of rogue, apostate feminist in declaring that had the development of civilization been left to women, we would all still be living in swamps.  She maintains that aesthetic creation is an intrinsic function of male physiology: basically, men have phalluses and thus they create.  Also, whereas female biology has a centrality rooted in the earth, male biology is psychologically peripheral and thus inevitably driven to attempt to dominate and rule the irrepressible female.  By extension, then, males are driven to "subdue the earth" through the creation of civilization. From this psychosexual premise, Paglia develops her central thesis: that human sexuality is crucially central to High Culture, that human sexuality inevitably involves power relationships, and that this "gigantic fact" leads inevitably to portrayals in the Arts of relationships characterized by dominance and submission.   Her thesis, then, clearly is influenced by the stark human equations championed by de Sade and Sartre.     While the first half of "Sexual Personae" is highly entertaining, the second half of the book labors under (what appears to be) the logical inconsistency of Paglia's "hermaphrodite" concept.  Paglia argues that up to the Renaissance, European sexual roles and sexual personae - male and female psychologies - were vibrant and well-defined.  After that, there commenced a period of diffused "maleness" and "femaleness," resulting in muddled psychosexual conceptions of what had always been, in the good ole days, clear-cut gender roles. In other words, Paglia's central thesis of the centrality of sex in the creation of High Culture starts unintentionally echoing Douglas Adams' hilarious quip in "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy": invoking a pre-Renaissance golden age when, "Men were REAL men, women were REAL women, and small brown furry creatures from Alpha Centauri were REAL small brown furry creatures from Alpha Centauri."  Paglia's logical inconsistency lies in her having, on the one hand, to acknowledge C.G. Jung's axiom that creative males inevitably develop their inner feminine, while on the other hand having to argue that this sort of thing *really* is an undesirable, post-Renaissance muddling of psychosexual identity. And so it goes: page after page of Paglia reaffirming ad infinitum how the works of all post-Renaissance male artists clearly portray their vast consuming dread of the "vagina dentata" -- the "devouring vagina."  (No, I'm not making this up.)  This dread presumably being an inevitable consequence of these artists' collective, psychological hermaphroditism... That said, Paglia's finale - an analysis of Emily Dickinson, whom Paglia refers to as "the American de Sade" - is one of the most compelling and thought-provoking textual analyses in this or any other work of critical theory.   By book's end, after all the intellectual pyrotechnics have faded, Paglia has presented a worldview similar to that of Giambattista Vico: not only do we live in Vico's post-mythological world, we apparently also are occupying Paglia's World of Confused Gender Roles tragically inhabited by masculinized women and feminized men.  "Sexual Personae" is quirky, brilliant, engaging and encyclopedic: a tour de force of erudition.   Recommended to anyone interested in a highly unorthodox appraisal of sexuality in Western Art.     