 Or, if you're a Pythagorean, the monad gives birth to the dyad. The cover illustration on the video shows what J.C. refers to as "the MASK of God". A pair of opposites springs forth from the central image.   This is a visual depiction of the movement from the sphere of unity  (Eden) to the sphere of polarities and opposites (the daily New York  Times). This discussion with Moyers take place in  New York's  Metropolitan Museum of Art, unlike the other five. Campbell discusses the  difference between the gods east and west of Suez: there, the primal forces  ARE considered to be God, or rather the masks of God; in other words, the  immanence of God in all things, and the metaphorical nature of the  depictions of divinity, are taken for granted east of Suez. Also touched  upon is the notion of "the sublime" in art. Here as always, J.C.  makes his point by invoking Schopenhauer, Joyce, and the experiences of men  and women who have been exposed to "tremendous space or tremendous  power". Moyers elegantly returns this volley by relating an interview  he once had with a veteran of the Battle of the Bulge: being told of the  tremendous power and might of the seemingly unstoppable German advance,  Moyers had asked him -What was it like? - It was sublime. The  conversation begins to take on elements of Wlliam Blake as Campbell points  out that there must be pain and suffering for there to be a world at all,  and hence there must be "devils" and "angels", creators  and sustainers. And, as always, God is impersonal and no respecter of  personalities. Very fascinating is the discussion of "trickster  gods" who, while nevertheless "God", are not sombre  presences which intimidate, but rather laughable characters which allow our  emotional machinery the freedom to perceive BEYOND THE MASK to the  transcendent reality, "God", being referred to. It is a central  tenet of Campbell's that religions are metaphorical, and to "get stuck  to your metaphor", to interpret the DEnotation rather than the  CONnotation of such traditions, as our entire Christian world has done for  two millenia, invites the chaos we see in the Middle East, where the three  great western religions, Christianity, Judaism and Islam, because they have  three different names for the same God, cannot get along with each other...     