 My significant past acquaintance with Asimov has been his outstanding "History of Physics". This well-paced, infectious fictional work definitely keeps the interest; I read several hundred pages over the space of two days while otherwise busily occupied at work. The chapters are nicely brief, and the style is very clear to a degree.  The plot device is to present an innocent man propelled into being a fugitive through his cooking up a mathematical theory which may be no more than a cockamamey pot of hooey. Also, one is awaiting, page by page, the crucial insight which will provide the pretext for his successful delivery of his mathematical miracle [prediction by computer software rather than Tarot - does Microsoft already have it?]. There ARE things that don't suit me about it...  For one, the notion of a galaxy where the only sentient life forms are human beings FROM EARTH - a little disappointing. (This is explained in "Foundation's Edge".)  For another, Asimov does not have a good ear for dialogue. I tired pretty quickly of constantly reading dialogues which seemed written more for the benefit of the reader than the characters' development. Also, the protagonist Hari Seldon, as a person, is neither very likeable nor interesting EXCEPT for his theory. I mean - LOOK AT THIS GUY! He comes up with all sorts of puerile, dopey notions; for example, he actually imagines that somehow he can ferret out information regarding an ancient arcane religious tradition from a Mycogenian woman adherent, (Raindrop 43). To compound this naivete, he actually insults her sensibilities, imagining this will REALLY work the trick and get her to open up to him [?!]. I really just had to shake my head at this, (as did his friend Dors Venabili).  After a while, he starts insisting on even dopier notions because he imagines that somehow or other that this sort of irresponsible recklessness will provide him the missing key to his theory of "psychohistory". Similarly his arrival at the city of Mycogen on planet Trantor; he starts demanding that the local culture bow to his wishes and not treat his female companion Dors in their traditional patriarchal manner. Anybody who has ever been in a traditional culture knows that this sort of rudeness is the height of incivility and barbarity. You just don't do that. Period. (I don't know about you, but if my life was in danger, and a group with rather eccentric social mores offered me protection, I would be VERY sure to be civil and observe the local customs!) Then he starts raving because he can't get a bite to eat...  You have to hand it to Asimov that he makes this story work, and work really well, with such a disappointing hero. I suspect he made the character intentionally pretentious and not too likeable; let's face it, that's how mathematicians are [just kidding!]. Finally, I just don't think Asimov is as good a writer as, say, Zelazny. I don't like putting Zelazny down; one needs a break from Asimov - O.K., maybe just 10 seconds between chapters, but his style is just not as good. One also misses the restrained prurience of Zelazny - but that's just my personal taste... Nevertheless, the remaining Foundation books are all excellent, and I highly recommend 'Prelude' to anybody that wants to get away from it all by reading a book.     