 Okay. I watched the film, and it is clearly superior, for obvious reasons,  to the book. Keneally is a good writer- but I was a bit bemused by the back  jacket photograph of him wearing a big grin and a cowboy hat, given the  nature of the book. You learn a few things about Oskar Schindler here,  which help you appreciate the film.  First, he had been a race car driver  as a young man... 2. Schindler was a member of Admiral Canaris' Abwehr,  the German Secret Service: the Nazi counterpart to the CIA. So, his  "powerful friends" weren't just shmoozed SS officers; the German  Secret Service also was looking out for him. Unlike the thugs of the  Gestapo and the atheistic racists of the SS, the Abwehr was typically  composed of level-headed, educated, well-connected gentlemen. And it was no  friend of either the Gestapo or the SS. So Schindler's protection was  doubly redundant. (And there was his friend General Schindler- no relative  - but imagine the namedropping!) 3. He apparently decided early on to  assist his workers, making trips secretly to Hungary and Turkey to make  foreign powers aware. 4. He was arrested by the Gestapo three times, and  each time it was more of a close call. The film shows the 2nd arrest, but  the book indicates the incarcerated soldier sharing Schindler's cell was an  SS man. In the film I believe he's wearing an Army uniform. And the  off-color joke was real, (as was the little girl in the red jacket). 5.  After the war, Oskar lived in South America, but eventually abandoned his  wife there, (living off the charity of the former Schindler Jews, who took  great pains to care for him). I wondered why the film's conclusion made the  rather hard pronouncement that he "failed" at his marriage.  Abandonment would certainly qualify. 6. Schindler suffered ostracism in  Germany after the war once his heroism became known, but eventually was  recognized and awarded civil commendations. And...he was always haunted by  the feeling that he "could have done more".  I would hope he  can rest in peace...     