 WOW! I avoided this for years because of its dramatic content.  I just watched it... Somehow, Spielberg manages to present all the misery and horror in a viewable manner. The black-and-white filming no doubt mutes the  goriness. And there is even humor: Schindler's selection of his  secretaries, the repetitive threat which "extra paperwork" for  the SS poses to the lives of his employees, the naivete of the Jews whom  Stern (Kingsley) is busy saving by misrepresenting their trades to the SS,  Schindler's timely rescue of the Jewish children at Auschwitz by claiming  that their tiny hands are used to polish the insides of 45mm shell  casings,...  The one splash of color in the entire film is the muted red  jacket of a young girl, 4 or 5 years old. Schindler sees her wandering  through Cracow during the SS pogrom...and later again as her little  red-jacketed corpse is exhumed for cremation from an unmarked mass grave.   Essentially an Ebenezer Scrooge morality play, we have the pleasure of  watching Schindler as he gradually resolves to act upon his ever-widening  better impulses. Liam Neeson does a beautiful job here. The rapport with  Ben Kingsley is magic. The pair move from chilly professional respect to  devoted friendship. Especially striking, and perhaps even touching, is  Schindler's relationship with Amon Goeth, the SS officer in charge of the  labor camp where part of Schindler's firm is relocated. Goeth is played  beautifully by Ralph Fiennes. Even THIS figure is tragic; Goeth has become  a cold-hearted brutalizer of the defenseless due to his SS indoctrination,  Schindler points out to Stern. While Schindler's influence on Goeth  ameliorates his sadism, he remains hopelessly enslaved to his Nazi  worldview of the Jews as "not strictly human in the fullest sense of  that term". Goeth's heart and mind, his very Soul, are enslaved. The  SS uniforms are immaculately correct, as is Spielberg's portrayal of the  moral tide of anti-Semitism throughout the war: initially rabid, later  cold-blooded, finally disinterestedly matter-of-fact. I watched it three  times, to my surprise. The third time, Schindler's farewell address was  very moving.  This is an excellent film. It is a film from the German  point of view. And I'm glad this story was told, and grateful to the real  Mr. Oskar Schindler who made it historical fact. His life was a beautiful  testament to the beauty of the human spirit, framed by all the horrors of  man's inhumanity to man.     