 Crudely put, the major thrust of Joseph Campbell's and Jung's work was the unity of the human psyche throughout the world - that the ancient religions and traditions are psychologically relevant. Neither man, however, was an  adept of these systems, by which term I mean, neither pursued these systems  to their obviously implied conclusions, instead contenting themselves with  the (what is now) non-controversial conclusion of psychological relevance.  Jung was obviously at a loss to understand alchemical terms coherently,  contenting himself with interpreting alchemy in  Freudian and his own  terms. Campbell maintained that God no longer speaks to mankind because He  never DID speak to mankind... Thomas Taylor, on the other hand, "the  Great English Pagan", was thoroughly versed in the Platonic and  Neoplatonic traditions, and although he lacked the benefits of 20th century  scholarship, not only approached the essentially same conclusions as  Campbell and Jung, but FURTHER concluded that there DID exist at one time,  a religion of INVOCATION. There are numerous examples from both reliable,  trustworthy witnesses (Plato, Plutarch, Iamblichus, Proclus), and old  sources -the Bible included (e.g., the Witch of Endor summoning the spirit  of Samuel for King Saul), which argue for this conclusion. Modern  Rosicrucians and Golden Dawn adepts concur, arguing for a dramatic  reappraisal of what we understand by the term  "RELIGION". Taylor concurs with Campbell that the Christian  religion has inadvertently charted strange and unknown seas by its  insistence on the historicity of its symbolism. Unlike Campbell, he is  virulently anti-Christian, not only in the Nietzschean sense that  Christianity has undermined  true Spirituality by its insistence on the  fallen nature of the physical world, but also because he considers it a  selfishly-motivated and bizarre perversion of the Old Religions. This  translation is to be highly commended as it is Taylor's. Secondly, as  usual, Taylor provides voluminous footnotes which are very helpful in  acquiring a basic understanding of the Mysteries of Eleusis, with its  central sacrament of wheat, analogous to the Eucharist of the Catholic mass  and symbolic of the spiritually dead rising from the tomb of the body..   A very good and engaging Taylor volume, but like all his works, it tends  to raise more questions than it answers. If you enjoy this, you will also  want to read Taylor's "Iamblichus on the Mysteries".     