 Some books have a "moral." In Turgenev's "Fathers & Sons," the moral (for me) is there being an invisible --- yet wide --- chasm separating the generations of a family, which love may try bridging but never entirely spans; in Dostoevsky's "Crime and Punishment," the moral seems to be that there is a line which a man of conscience dares not cross. Perhaps, the central lesson of "Anna" is we cannot divorce ourselves from that deep inner need to exist in a society where we are able to meaningfully participate and genuinely contribute. Basically, "Anna" is of that genre which the Japanese call "giri-ninjo conflict": "humanity vs. duty," or, in Joseph Campbell's terms, "libido versus credo." In such literature, a respectable family man, say, finds himself in passionate love with a geisha. Unable to resolve the psychological tension between duty and passion, the star-crossed pair may resolve to commit suicide together. (As Garrison Keillor puts it: "The great martyrs went to their martyrdom alone; they didn't take their wives with them.") Contemporary examples of this "horns of a dilemma" genre are "The Bridges of Madison County" and "The English Patient." "Anna" well expresses the profound spirituality and technical mastery of Tolstoy, and could arguably be considered his representative work. The story and characters are so real. E.g., Anna on a train before, and after, her "fall":  "At first she could not get interested in her reading. The fuss and stir were disturbing; then, when the train had started, she could not help listening to the noises; then the snow beating on the left window and sticking to the pane, and the sight of the muffled guard passing by, covered with snow on one side, and the conversations about the terrible blizzard raging outside, distracted her attention. And after that everything was the same and the same: the same jouncing and rattling, the same snow lashing the window, the same rapid transitions from steaming heat to cold, and back again to heat, the same flitting of the same faces in the half-murk, and the same voices..."  [Part 2, chapter 29]  "'Yes, I'm very much worried, and that's why reason was given me, to escape; so then, one must escape: why not put out the light when there's nothing more to look at, when it's sickening to look at it all? But how? Why did the conductor run along the footboard, why are they shrieking, those young men in that train? Why are they talking, why are they laughing? It's all falsehood, all lying, all humbug, all cruelty!'"  [Part 7, chapter 31]  "Anna," then, presents the downside of Joseph Campbell's "Hero Cycle": having moved out of the circle of one's knowledges, one necessarily enters the field of the unconscious. In this case, the protagonist proves "unworthy." Devoured by powerful unconscious energies, Anna degenerates into suspicion, sloth, and jealousy --- all exacerbated by drug use.  "Anna" is pure tragedy; a beautiful woman crushed against the wandering rocks of social duty evokes "pity" and "terror" within us. Consequently, we feel ourselves "lifted up" and more appreciative of the precious frailty of our own lives: "catharsis."  The Constance Garnett translation is best; she knew Tolstoy and he personally approved of her translation. Take time to savor each chapter. You won't soon forget it.     