 "Controlling People" is essentially a New Age Bible for personal irresponsibility and victim blaming.  Don't be surprised when Evans eventually goes public announcing this entire book to be a farcical lampoon of the dregs of self-help literature.   Meantime, what's sadly comic is some gullible people actually are taking this book's satirical message to heart. *** Another amazon reviewer already voiced similar reservations about "Controlling People": 1. "While she [Evans] does lack detailed explanation of HOW to respond to controllers, I think that her very identification of what behaviors ARE controlling alone is immensely valuable." Actually, Evans *does* explain HOW to respond to "controllers" - two pages worth.  Evans' response?  Just say, "You trying to control me?," or "What?," or "What did you say?"   As for Evans "identification" of controlling behavior - it boils down to anything you don't like. 2. "Even a controller will recognize that they [sic] can't tell another what is being experienced, and once this is pointed out they will gain a better perspective of BOTH themselves and one they have attempted to define." Evans categorically states some people do NOT experience their reality properly - arguing against this "better perspective":  	"We sense that something is wrong just under the surface.  Our ship has gone off course.  Our world is not as safe as and as sane as we would like.  Our intention and the course we have come to expect does not hold....  Some of us become aware of it and so we make the necessary adjustments.  In a sense we reset our rudder. But others, not realizing that they are off course, have compounded their error by holding firm, reaffirming their intention, only to get where they don't want to go more quickly....  No matter how firmly they've relied upon the rudder of good intentions, their good intentions are not manifested, because something else, quite unknown to them, has come into play, and because it is a deep, strong, and hidden current, it is a very compelling force" (24). There you have it: Evans' description of a "controlling person" - some nebulous mythic something (like the Loch Ness Monster) leaving him off course, disconnected from self and others, and consequently controlling you.  *** Now the fun begins... Go put Evans' ideas into action. Urbanely point out to somebody his unconnected inner self. Describe to him his controlling behavior. Watch the reaction you get.   Evans describes a Cloud Cuckoo Land where people gratefully embrace your denial of their truths, where your erudite repetitions of "What?" magically heal their nebulous mythic traumas, where they will NEVER come back and accuse you of trying to "control" them, and where, with their thankful repentance under your belt, and God by your side, you ride off into the sunset on Rocinante waging your crusade to rid the world of all controllers.  (Sound familiar?) This Keystone Cop material is the backbone of Evan's thesis. So, who really *is* the "controller"?  Well, certainly not *you*, explains Evans.  Cuz it's that person way over there sayin' what you don't wanna hear.   "Bad!  Bad controller!" ***   Q: What is "Controlling People" really about then? A: CP is a slick and hysterical repackaging of "I am rubber, you are glue" taken to its ultimate hilarious conclusion. Q: Trenchant examples in "Controlling People" of COUPLES Evans' approach has helped? A: "Go fish."   Q: Why? A: Because Evans' approach OBVIOUSLY worsens any bad situation by injecting a lethal dose of smoke and mirrors, ignoring personal responsibility.   *** And now, for those of you who think "Controlling People" is not a spoof: Evans' anecdote of working at home on her PC when the electricity was cut off by a repairing electrician.   Rather than seeing this fellow as possibly preoccupied with rectifying Evans' electrical problem safely and quickly, Evans declares his misstep a clear-cut attempt to "control" Patricia Evans - and so of course she responded by telling him so straight to his face.  That is exactly what Evans describes as the "backward approach" used by all controlling people on their hapless victims: telling them what they are "really" doing.  There you have it: Patricia Evans offering her own controlling behavior as an example of her famous controlling people defense method in action. Evans: 1 ; Hapless Stranger: 0.  This is the wisdom Evans barks between the covers of this arch-useless and loony book. Should you seek a meaningful appraisal of controlling and abusive behavior, peruse Lundy Bancroft's excellent "Why Does He Do That."     