 C.S. Lewis remarked that a negative review is a tricky business; there is always someone for whom the panned item really does work.  This film doesn't work for me, but I recognize many people are tres fond of it; I intend no disrespect to their enthusiasm.  Peter O'Toole is impeccable and inspiring as a shunned individualist emerging from shadows to show his peers, and the world, his hidden greatness. The supporting cast are magnificent: Alec Guinness, Anthony Quinn, Omar Sharif. And, the film is a compelling vignette of the life of T.E. Lawrence set amid spectacular  scenery. ACTING/CINEMATOGRAPHY: 5 stars. But there are several monotonous scenes --  e.g., the desert crossings -- which should have been edited because the opportunity cost was (much-needed) character development of the film's brilliant actors.  The lack of both imaginative dialogue and engaging storyline compounds this difficulty; there is neither one memorable spoken line nor any humor. I find it hard to believe the conversations of the stellar T.E. Lawrence were so pedestrian -- Chaim Weizmann described Lawrence thus:  "His personality was complex and difficult. He was profoundly shy; his manner was whimsical, and it was difficult to get him to talk seriously. He was much given to the Oxford type of sardonic humour. But when one did manage to get him into a serious vein he was frank and friendly, and his opinions, especially regarding the affairs of the Near East, were really worth having." EDITING/SCRIPT/DIALOGUE: 1 star Just as the movie's filming ran far overtime (from five months to two years), the film itself feels protracted at over two and a half hours. One yearns to see this wonderful group of actors actually engage in memorable thespian pyrotechnics -- which never are delivered. The film's tepid, jive ending also just doesn't jibe for me: the political power players bid a peremptory farewell to Lawrence of Arabia.  The reality was more sinister and film-worthy: Lawrence's enlightened efforts to free Arabia from predatory European colonialism methodically were back-stabbed by the British Empire at the Versailles Conference and the League of Nations. The consequent British drawing-up of national borders with little geopolitical or ethnic relevance has been exacerbating Mideast turmoil ever since.  Just as T.E. Lawrence's great idea of freeing the Arabs from European colonialism failed, this film fails to liberate its powerful cast and fascinating subject from a banal storyline. Perhaps my difficulty with this film is that, achieving so much, I cannot help feeling it could have done more. I strongly commend this film with the reservations noted.     