 Harold Bloom observes in his book, "The Western Canon," that for literary heavyweights, Dante tends to be the role model. (Joseph Campbell observes as much regarding James Joyce: "The model for Joyce's life was Dante.")  Dante felt strongly that educated people have a duty to assist practically in the betterment of humanity. Being a mere aesthete, for Dante, was burying one's talents at best, and moral cowardice at worst.  Pound's Cantos is modeled clearly on Dante's "Divine Comedy," and Pound felt a responsibility to "shout from the rooftops" what he felt was threatening the family as an institution, world culture, the environment, and American democracy. The Cantos thus are very much a personal record of Pound's own odyssey through the tumult of the early 20th century.  The Cantos commence with the Ulysses quest of Canto I, then time-travel through European culture by presenting the paratactic history of heroic individuals who resisted vice and championed virtue. In this sense, the Cantos are a modern-day "Plutarch's Lives" - history interpreted by a poet.  Pound's first personal crisis was after the First World War, (in which many of his own friends died). "I sought to discover what causes war," Pound stated. His conclusion, after years of historical research, was that wars are fomented by elite power groups: royalty, militarists, industrialists. It was at this time that both the Cantos' character, and Pound's character, changed (somewhere around Canto 45, the famous-infamous "Usury Canto"). Pound found in his historical researches that rates of interest are an accurate gauge to the civilized state of a culture: high levels of interest, "usury," correspond to levels of philistine barbarism in which the weak are devoured by the powerful. Pound's equation, then, was that social Darwinism, political economy, rampant capitalism, debasement of currency, are destroyers of people's families, personal lives, and therefore, of culture.  It was natural, given this view, for Pound to be attracted to Confucianism, with its accent on the family as the hub from which all things virtuous radiate. A large part of the Cantos is taken up with Pound's presentation of Chinese wisdom and virtue.  In the thirties, Pound crafted the American cantos, or "Adams Cantos," as they usually are called. Clear from this section of the Cantos is Pound's immense respect for American democracy. Pound foresaw the coming of the Second World War and engaged in a vigorous letter-writing campaign with several US senators, urging avoidance of foreign entanglements.  During the war, Pound, having failed to leave Italy before his visa expired, and thus finding himself trapped in fascist Italy, engaged in a series of polemical and rather idiosyncratic radio broadcasts, depicting the war as the latest historical example of the economically powerful preying upon the politically weak. While Pound wrote only two cantos during this time, the "Italian Cantos," the sense of the broadcasts is already clear in those cantos preceding the war.  This was Pound's second crisis.  Once the war ended, the sixty year-old Pound found himself incarcerated in a gorilla cage, lying on cold concrete, left to the open air, with a nighttime spotlight shining on him as he tried to sleep. Pound had made powerful political enemies, and his incarcerators were not sadistic fascists but the victorious US Army in Pisa, Italy.  It was here, while incarcerated in Pisa, that Pound wrote the "Pisan Cantos," that section of the Cantos which would earn him the first Bollingen Prize of 1948. By then, however, Pound was become a political prisoner in St. Elizabeth's in Washington, D.C.  Based on subsequent assertions of Pound's attorney, Pound was in no danger of the government's treason charge. Nevertheless, Pound's wife opted to have Ezra committed rather than face a possible capital charge of treason for his wartime radio broadcasts.  It was during his twelve-year stay in St. Elizabeth's that Pound would write the "Rock-Drill" and "Thrones" sections of the Cantos, and St. Elizabeth's became a site of pilgrimage for poets and authors the world over.  Asked to say what is most central to the Cantos, I think Pound would say with considerable self-respect, were he here, that he foresaw the very problems American democracy is reeling under now: endless wars and fiscal mismanagement impoverishing the lives of millions of Americans.  It is topical to think of Pound as a lone voice crying in the wilderness. Yet Eisenhower's farewell address, the observations of USMC general Smedley Butler on the robber baron nature of US gunboat diplomacy, F.D.R.'s now-proven foreknowledge of the Pearl Harbor attack, the six million deaths caused by the US paramilitary since 1947, the daylight assassination of the only American president to oppose and attempt to abolish the Federal Reserve Bank, the faked Gulf of Tonkin Incident used to justify the Vietnam War, the Saturday Night Massacre, the "Wag the Dog" spectacle of modern US politics, the infiltration of the US media in Operation Cointelpro, the proposed fake terror of Operation Northwoods, the current "war for peace": these are the very things Pound would understand, and which he presciently railed against.  Pound is an unpleasant reminder for many literary types, that, at least by Dante's standard, they are mere aesthetes lacking political and economic acumen. This perturbs the literati, and thus they find Pound infuriating or irrelevant. The Cantos - which I have indeed read - are beautiful and diaphanous. Even the boring sections are impeccably crafted. What really moves me in reading Pound is how he seemed to mean every word he wrote. You cannot help but sense Pound's profound sincerity in his views. As such, the Cantos, like Pound's life, are a document of personal courage.  That said, the Cantos aren't for everybody.  You simply *must* familiarize yourself with Eustace Mullin's "Secrets of the Federal Reserve" to grasp how far Ezra Pound's understanding of economics outstrips his modern-day nay-sayers.  I once described Pound's economic ideas to a neighbor, an economist, and his immediate reply was, "That's right. He's exactly right."  Good luck on your odyssey.     