 Well, nothing but 10s so far from this book's reviewers, leaving it to me to give Dr. Schnarch's PASSIONATE MARRIAGE a 9, (reserving the "perfect 10" for his next book).     Away from work recently with a wicked case of pharyngitis, I stopped by the local bookshop on the homeward-bound trip to recuperate. Decided to look in the Romance & Matrimony section. Pulling up and collapsing in a chair, and then spending an hour perusing all the various manuals and how-to's within arm's reach, I decided on this book as the hands down favorite and superior read and investment of my hard-earned dollars..     Dr. Schnarch has several techniques which, (as pointed out by the previous reviewers), are designed to cure the disease and not the symptoms of marital unhappiness. Very exciting to read, and very human in the best meaning of that term. The key element appears to be his synthesis of sex and marriage therapies.      I'm not sure if it has helped my marriage; however it has helped me to function better within my marriage, with more realistic expectations.     Perhaps my favorite passage is where the author points out to a couple that their having marital problems is not a failure, but in fact an inevitability of being married. Clearly, modern mass society - many radio & TV "personalities" (?), the breakdown of morality (from whatever cause), political correctness, etc. have ignorantly and unintentionally furthered a pepsi generation/drive-through-window culture which is long on desires but a little bit wanting in the character and resilience department. And so, this book attempts to fill this terrible vacuum which day-to-day living's legacy has bestowed on each of us,- provide a blueprint on how to achieve an intimate and meaningful human relationship of quality and depth in our all-too-often plastic and shallow age.      A tour de force, and well worth the cash, too, for anyone serious about making the most of their investment and time remaining in their "significant other" relationship. Well done, Dr. Schnarch!!!     