 I'm generally fond of Brooks' work... But his characterizations here leave a small, yet large, amount to be desired. 1. For example, the notion that Obi-wan Kenobi would begin to feel personal anger against his  mentor Q.G. Jinn because of the latter's slam-dunking Anakin past the  objections of the Jedi Council; I find this really hard to believe.* In  this, Brooks displays an unpardonable lack of insight into the bond formed  between an older man and his younger protege, (and of humanoid relations,  generally).  Not only had Obi-wan been raised by his mentor, he also had  been initiated into the arcane practices and disciplines of a highly moral,  SPIRITUAL order, taught martial self-defense, and quite likely his life had  been saved on several occasions by the older man.  Father, guide, and  companion to the younger man,  who can seriously entertain the sort of  reaction Brooks describes from a man with "the deepest commitment, the  most serious mind"? The strong mythological element in SW clearly  casts the Jedi into the role of Spiritual warriors, a la the Knights  Templar and certain Alchemists, (e.g., Paracelsus).  That is,  "becoming a Jedi is not an easy challenge" precisely because it  involves a life of substantial INNER PURITY. Brooks completely misses the  point on this one, unwittingly derogating and belittling the powers of the  order to something akin to Spiderman.  2. Brooks also appears to be  confused on the notion of a laser - lasers are coherent light photons, NOT  electrons, as Brooks seems to suggest (final Jedi battle). 3. In  fairness, the difficulty no doubt is having to apply his excellent talents  to characters not of his own creation, and so by default any description  becomes a second-hand portrait, with "something not-quite-right around  the mouth".  Overall, the book's OK for an alternate, if not  compelling, angle on what goes on in the film. *Obi-Wan was obviously  zealously concerned for his Master's reputation with the Council, and  unable to understand his insistence on the boy's training. But PERSONAL  rancor? Not in THAT galaxy!     