 W.H. Auden's "Funeral Blues" is arguably one of the most powerful poems of loss ever written -- vide the last stanza: "The stars are not wanted now: put out every one; Pack up the moon and dismantle the sun; Pour away the ocean and sweep up the wood, For nothing now can ever come to any good." One would expect Auden on Shakespeare to be a marvel. Instead, this book reads like a distasteful joke, a collection of essays written by an industrious but hopelessly lost undergraduate.  Like Aristotle's works, this is a compilation of students' lecture notes, so we're not entirely sure what we've got is accurate.  (I'm giving Auden the benefit of the doubt, here.) Auden's take on "Hamlet," for example. 1. "I would question whether anyone has succeeded in playing Hamlet without appearing ridiculous. . . . Hamlet, the one inactive character, is not well integrated into the play and not adequately motivated, though the active characters are excellent" (159, 162).   If you've seen the Kenneth Branagh version of "Hamlet," you have a feel for how silly that first remark is.  And, if Hamlet, who refuses to "cast to earth" his mourning clothes in defiance of everybody; pursues and speaks with his father's ghost against his friends' pleading then furiously resolves to avenge his murdered father; conceives of the mousetrap play "to catch the conscience of the king"; vitriolically berates his mother (in Act three Scene four) immediately after slaying Polonius; foils the deadly scheme of Rosencrantz and Guildenstern while successfully engineering their deaths; out-fences Laertes and at last succeeds in slaying the "adulterate and incestuous" Claudius -- if Hamlet is not an "active" character in this play, then please tell me, who is? 2. "The soliloquies of Hamlet as well as other plays of this period are *detachable* both from the character and the plays. . . .  Hamlet's disgust and revulsion towards his mother, for example, seem out of all proportion to her actual behavior" (162). Do the math, Mr. Auden.  It is unclear from the ghost's remarks if Hamlet's mother had an extramarital affair with the fratricide.  If she *did*, that implicates her in the death of Hamlet's father, and the subsequent moral poisoning of the entire country.  Further, her marriage to her brother-in-law, within the context of the play, clearly is scandalous: "incestuous."  Also, her decision to marry while still in mourning led to Hamlet's not becoming King.  That strikes me as "in all proportion." (For brevity, I won't bother refuting Auden's remarks about the soliloquies of Hamlet.) 3. "Ophelia is a silly, repressed girl and is obscene and embarrassing when she loses her mind over her father's death.  But though her madness is very shocking and horrible, it is not well motivated" (163). You really have to wonder at this point whether Auden was sober when he delivered these lectures.  Or had he merely forgotten what this play was about since reading it as an Oxford undergraduate? (Presumably, Auden would have considered anyone profoundly moved by his own "Funeral Blues" as similarly "obscene," "repressed" and "silly.") Let's see here.  Ophelia is totally in love with Hamlet: the sort of transporting passion for which women have been known to give up empires and even their lives.  Her father and brother both repeatedly do all they can to impress upon her that this man with whom she is so desperately in love is just flirting her to bed her, and that she certainly isn't good enough for him; she discovers Hamlet has apparently gone mad, presumably because of love for her -- love thwarted by her father's cynicism; she is compelled -- again, by her father -- to allow her intimate love letter from Hamlet to be read before the King and Queen; she is impressed -- again, by her father -- into an attempt to entrap Hamlet, thus provoking his wounded rage; finally, she learns Hamlet has slain her father.  Wouldn't you surmise that this "silly, repressed girl" is distinctly under the impression that her soul mate (Hamlet) has murdered her father out of frustrated love -- the love her father repeatedly frustrated and profaned -- leading to madness, and that somehow she is to blame? Furthermore, isn't it clear that Ophelia can never marry Hamlet, the slayer of her father, now?  And isn't her "following" Hamlet in madness an awful testimony of the power of cynicism and lies to destroy a woman's heart? Clearly you don't think this way if you are W.H. Auden. Auden's gummy reasoning is not confined solely to his assessment of "Hamlet."  "The Taming of the Shrew" Auden calls "the only play of Shakespeare's that is a complete failure" (63). Auden's remarks on "Othello" are plain obtuse, e.g., "It's easy for us to see that Othello and Desdemona should not have married, but he [Othello] never does" (205). I would never buy this book.  It's all well and good to be a sardonic Oxonian, but this is just plain travesty.     