 I. I read Anna 17 years ago, as a young man barely out of high school. It was perhaps the first book I attempted to sit down and read seriously, and with full attention, after my disastrous introduction to literature by my well-intentioned high school English teachers. I was immediately fascinated, and fell in love with her as a type with whom I was already even then familiar... II. Whenever I read a book, I always try to remember at least one main idea: what the book signified to me, personally. For example, in Turgenev's Fathers & Sons, (more correctly Fathers & Children as a Russian acquaintance informs me), the moral for me is that there is a chasm between the generations which love can attempt to bridge, but never can quite successfully span. (One remarks this in one's own family as the years pass, by the way...) In Dostoevsky's Crime and Punishment, the moral for me has been that there is a line which a man dare not cross,- that we attempt to override our inner emotional (and moral) framework, by means of  intellectual theories, at our own peril. Tolstoy's  works have always been so memorable for me, or at least parts of them, that my mind refuses to approach them in this sort of bookkeeping manner. III. What, then, IS important about this story, and what should we say for those who might consider reading it? This story is certainly a mighty example of what in Japan is referred to as the giri-ninjo conflict: the conflict of personal feeling with duty. In traditional Japanese literature, for example, the respectable family man finds himself in passionate love with a geisha; unable to resolve the psychological tension in a society which provided no outlet for this sort of disruptive manifestation of raw id power, they commit suicide together. As Garrison Keillor once put it, "the great martyrs went to their martyrdom alone; they didn't take their wives [or husbands] with them." The novel certainly reflects the spiritual power of Tolstoy's character, and could certainly be taken as his representative work. For me, perhaps the central lesson of Anna was, and still is, that we cannot divorce ourselves from our inner need to exist in a society wherein we are able to participate and contribute in a genuine and meaningful way. Why is this? The terror of such a work is that we all of us underestimate the counter-reaction provoked by our attempts to move counter to the trend of our culture and our own lifetime of habits: the heroine finds herself alone, without the requisite strength and self-knowledge  to protect herself from the destructive elements set loose within her own psyche. (In this regard, one is reminded of Gretschen's guilt-torment in Goethe's Faust after surrendering herself romantically to Faust's lust for her. Also, Anna illustrates Joseph Campbell's idea of the hero cycle: having moved out of the circle of one's knowledges, one enters the field of the unconscious: in this case, the hero proves unworthy, and is devoured by her own powerful unconscious energies: she degenerates into suspicion, sloth and jealousy exacerbated by drug use. A schizophrenic crack-up?) Anna is tragedy; a beautiful young mother and woman crushed against the wandering rocks of social duty evokes such pity and terror within us, that we feel ourselves lifted up and more appreciative of the precious frailty of life. IV. But, my question now, 17 years later, is: aren't we better off that such stories CANNOT now be written, as one amazon reviewer was remarking? Personally, the whole notion that a woman MUST be married to a man for whom she feels no genuine love to be able to function with a clear conscience in society is abhorrent. "The good ol' days", as Bruno Bettelheim once observed, "were not so good anyway". If much has been lost in the mass culture of the 20th century, much too has been gained. The Annas of today divorce their unaffectionate husbands, get custody of their children, marry their Vronskys, and become aerobics instructors or medical transcriptionists. It isn't tragedy, but it is human... V. If you do decide to read Anna, do yourself the favor of finding a good translation, (my favorite is by Constance Garnett), and taking the time to savor each chapter. The effort will reward you as time goes by... VI. "Vengeance is mine; I will repay". I hope that the book is not simple morality play, i.e. the naughty Anna has been rightly chastised for her adultery. My impression was that Anna was a woman, very much alive, who sought true love, and had the courage to try to live meaningfully. She "followed her bliss", as Joseph Campbell puts it, and society pulverized her for it...It is perhaps no coincidence, (and prophetic of Tolstoy), that the society which brought her down was itself destroyed two generations later in the Russian Revoution     