 This book is the all-time, no-question-about-it mother of all calculus texts. Period. If you have despaired of learning not just the tricks, but also the trade, of calculus, this book will amaze you; you know alot more  than you thought, and are alot better at both differential and integral  calculus than you may even have hoped. I learned calculus to MY OWN  satisfaction using this book. It is immaculately clear in presentation, and  not only holds interest but also reader confidence, (very much in an a la  Feynman sort of way). I have neither seen nor can even imagine a better  primer. Points: 1. The book omits all the rubbish about  "proofs"; it obviously works, why bother? Only (sadistic?)  mathematicians value such hieroglyphics. Strugglers DO NOT want to even SEE  it; 2. Numerous well-worked examples abound throughout, and all exercises  have answers in the back of the book. There are few things in this world  more irritating than a (sadistic?) mathematician who puts problems without  solutions in a calculus primer; 3. This book demystifies the terminolgy  and techniques of what, at least in the rudimentary stages, is really not  so difficult a topic. The presentation starts at ground zero, (slopes and  limits in plain talk), and concludes with a very clear chapter on multiple  integrals.  You will acquire alot of familiarity with calculus, and lose  alot of pent-up dread. You will also be able to derive, from first  principles at a moment's notice, the formula for the volume of a sphere -  much to the amazement of friends and family. In a former lifetime as a  science postgraduate student, I couldn't help noticing how leery many of my  peers would become when even the word "calculus" was mentioned.  To these, calculus was a dreaded schoolmaster, ready to slap their palms  with a pandybat. To me, it was an old and much appreciated friend - alot  more clever and eccentric than (even) me, but generally understandable, if  you take the time to bear with him... If you need or want to understand  basic calculus, the buck stops here. "Do yourself a favor".     