 Campbell's reputation gives every indication of gathering momentum, now that he's passed away, "Everybody loves you,   when you're six feet in the ground."  and some of us who were reading Campbell over 10  years ago have ambivalent feelings about the March violets which are  springing up, uncritically singing his praises. It's positive, but would  Campbell have approved of this sort of adulation? (He described himself as  "a maverick", not a hero.) 1. "The Hero with a Thousand  Faces" is the starting point for Bill Moyers' six videotaped  conversations with Campbell: "The Power of Myth", (videocassette  no.1 - THE HERO'S ADVENTURE). My personal recommendation is to buy the  videos first to come down with a good case of the author's infectious  enthusiasm about his subject. 2. This book is not a bad starting point  for a first reading of Campbell. It was my first Campbell book.  A  drawdown is the less-than-typically-engaging style, making it not the most  enjoyable read of his extensive opus. (Campbell's first major tome -if  memory serves- perhaps it was written with an eye toward critical peer  reviews?)  On the other hand, the book is well-crafted, satisfying, and  does not drag; you're carried along by the interest of discovery, (much  like a detective novel), unveiling skeins of meaning in apparently  unrelated, seemingly indecipherable, symbols and traditions. It clearly  persuades of unifying themes in diverse traditions while outlining certain  basic rites of passage in every hero adventure: real, fantastic, or  mythological. 3. So, what do heroes do? A hero is one who gives himself  to something bigger than himself, or other than himself. Campbell points  out that heroes evolve as cultures evolve, describing heroes who perform   war/physical acts, a la Beowulf and Gilgamesh, then progressing to other  feats of altruistic endurance: Spiritual, emotional, or  intellectual. Jesus, the Buddha, Mahomet, Moses - all participate in the  standard format of Spiritual heroic achievement, (the first two with close  parallels). Briefly, the hero leaves for adventure, willingly or  unwillingly, summoned or unsummoned. (Or the adventure may occur  serendipitously on the way to somewhere else.) There is often a messenger  to arouse the hero to action: the old milkwoman in Joyce's  "Ulysses";  Gandalf in "The Lord of the Rings";  Athene  in Homer's "Odyssey";  Phillipe in Disney's "Beauty and the  Beast";  the White Rabbit in Alice's adventures, Obi-Wan in Lucas'  "Star Wars", etc... There is usually a barrier, peopled by  guardians, between the everyday world whose knowledges and perceptions the  hero has assimilated, and the foreign world of unknown and waiting  adventures. Successful passage of this obstacle gives entree to the mythic  realm of "the Soul's high adventure". Another common thread in  hero tales is "the descent into the dark". This can be viewed not  only as the trip into the unknown (sketched above), but also as an  especially nasty sub-variant of it, which occurs along the way. At this  point, one of two things happens: either the hero is cut to pieces (to be  later resurrected), or escapes, renewed. I always recall the Steadfast Tin  Soldier of Hans Andersen, who sails a paper boat through the sewer only to  then be swallowed by a fish. (Subsequently rescued, subsequently destroyed,  subsequently subliminally resurrected.) Having successfully completed his  mission, the hero ultimately returns from his travels, or his return is  forecasted (King Arthur, Jesus, etc..), to guide and help others. 4. The  hero's journey may be represented as a trek into a labyrinth, and at the  center of every labyrinth there waits a minotaur. The purpose of the  journey, the catalyst, being the hero's own Soul, which seeks out those  adventures it requires for further growth:  "The adventure he's  ready for is the adventure he gets". This is not one of the great  books of the age, if for no other reason because Campbell wrote so many  more, but it IS a definite must-read for someone interested in acquiring  the rudiments of a perception of the heroic themes and motifs in his own  and others lives. 5. The book's signal strength is that it serves to blur  the mind's eye to the distinction between mythology, religion, and  philosophy. And this is a major thrust of Campbell's work: to create an  even ground for all the spiritual traditions of mankind (with  circumspection). This crucial psychological insight is Ariadne's thread -  we escape the chthonic, claustrophobic labyrinth of dead men's thoughts and  fossilized traditions, emerging exultant to breathe clean, cold mountain  air: the meaning and message of these tales, bequeathed to us from those  who have already lived what we are living; having returned from the foreign  shores of the Soul's circumference, these men and women's charts are still  as modern as tomorrow afternoon, and we do well to consult them.   Campbell's work is to give us a feel for our commonality with all men  and women of all times and climes: this book succeeds, making us better  citizens of the world.     