 If you enjoy suspense centered around the paranormal, this film is likely one you'll enjoy. First - 3 notions helpful for considering this film's premise: 1. Joseph Campbell ("Power of Myth," vol. vi) speaks of forces "too powerful for the forms of time and space," which therefore "come through as monsters." Campbell remarks elsewhere - quoting Buddhist scripture - that, "When the Angel of Death approaches you it is terror; when it reaches you - it is Bliss."  2. Jung speaks of a "collective unconscious" connecting us all on some primal level, and how "repressed" contents of the psyche may come to be perceived externally and "demonically" when they inevitably "spill out."  3. Electricity, electro-magnetism - what have you - is a "force" physicists understand to have a certain "infinity" about it: electromagnetic waves "go on forever."    Now... I enjoyed this film a lot. I did not find it "creepy," but rather scintillating, tightly edited, well scripted, well acted, enjoyable and illuminated with unique visual effects. I want to speak first of the visuals, then the story (in a way that won't spoil it for you if you do decide to watch the film), then close with a brief assessment.   THE VISUALS  The film is heavily visual, opening surreally with what appear to be foreshortened - therefore "V-shaped" - hall lights folding back upon themselves, juxtaposed with an aerial view (the first of many) of the city where Gere works, then followed by a view of a commercial Christmas angel in a department store. As the tale proceeds, we suddenly are introduced to a chilling image of a V-shaped "Moth" obviously resonant of the images just mentioned. From here on out the film starts pouring it on, continuously expanding the range of emotional valences of this ubiquitous V shape until almost *everything* you look at in this film starts looking like a moth.  This relentless technique of imposing a strongly centered but outbranching non-verbal imagery - the wings of a moth - upon the verbal action of the film, coupled with camera angles which start cropping up and creeping in from all sides, causes the film to take on a "decentered three dimensionality." A similar technique is employed with sounds - particularly creakings and respiration.  Not quite "imagery" in the standard sense, what you start to experience is a psychological assault from all sides as the cascading "unfoldings" of the V shape become connected with other shapes such as arches and circles and spheres. By the film's climax - again - just about every shape or sound has become immediately evocative of the seemingly ubiquitous and eldritch Mothman.  Now, the story itself...  THE STORY  A distinct advantage of a contemporary setting is a sense of immediacy is obtained, vital to "pull you in." Were it otherwise, the film would have a dud-docudrama feeling about it. Here, everything feels familiar...  Similarly, another strength of the film lies in its refusal to draw conclusions for the viewer about what is happening. No one in the story knows and therefore neither do you. The film *suggests.* It is a specious critique that the film leaves unanswered questions because much fiction does: Shakespeare's plays - the tragedies, particularly - being a prime example. The film suggests the Mothman phenomenon might be a manifestation of the unconscious - the "Deep Deep Unconscious" - as it appears in several different persona (and purportedly throughout the world). Events begin taking on a surreal character as even time and space are warped about the happenings of Pleasant Point.  However, the moth-like figure appeared to Gere's wife far away from Pleasant Point, which apparently argues circumstantially against the ET hypothesis.  But is the Mothman benign? She saw the figure before her death, but did it *cause* her death? Apparently not - we are reassured by the neuropathologist - her MRI scan revealing a rare glioblastoma clearly [?] predating the traumatic epiphany of Mothman.  Perhaps the Mothman suggests nothing so much as an "Angel of Death," which figure also is ubiquitous throughout world literature and culture? The parapsychologist Dr. Leek remarks Mothman appears differently to different people, foreshadowing catastrophe. It is suggestive, then, is it not, that to the man who had lost everything, Gordon, the Mothman was perceived as human and benign; but to Gere's wife - who had everything to live for - Mothman appeared horrific: much as death would appear to us all under similar circumstances?  However, the burns and bleeding several people suffered, the telephonic recording of the entity's inhumanly high-frequency voice, the light and pyrotechnics associated with its appearance - these suggest an affinity of the creature with electricity; (there are frequent intentional camera effects which regenerate the V imagery around electrical lights and fixtures).  Lastly, the entity's self-professed name ("kINDRED oLD") reinforces Dr. Leek's notion of such beings having always existed here on Earth. Is the Mothman our "oppressed" psyche, or "oLD" creatures "oppressed" by our mere presence and inevitable sufferings, or are we merely "oppressed" by them?  PARTING THOUGHT  I felt throughout watching that a great deal of salutary aesthetic discipline was exercised by director Mark Pellington in not allowing this film to descend to the level of "shlock shock." I do not, however, recommend watching this film with an impressionable child. If your child is going to see this film eventually, though, my recommendation is watching it together with long and frequent breaks!  Overall, this movie requires no blinking and time to watch before the sun goes down. It's mildly electrifying - even "haunting," perhaps - and stays with you. (Oddly enough, my stereo receiver started acting up as soon as the videotape ended... Go figure.)     