 I started watching these videos in Japan, around 10 years ago. I had run headlong not only into culture shock, but also the fact that, for a non-Christian country, the Japanese seemed to be embodying Christian ideals  far better than the West. My previous study of ancient religions from  Thomas Taylor's translations of the Neoplatonists, and Manly P. Hall's  extensive writings, had convinced me that the Petrine notion of Heaven as  an exclusively Christian enclave was erroneous in the extreme. In walked  Campbell... Amazing... I have watched these videos over the years literally  hundreds of times, and have always enjoyed them. Campbell's story-telling  is elegant and always a balm for the day-tired soul seeking solace in the  living room, reclined before a television. I really cannot commend the  tapes highly enough. They are preferable to the other videotapes in which  Campbell flies solo, usually before a crowd which is either mildly hostile  or hasn't done its homework. The cordial and informed interaction with Bill  Moyers in George Lucas' elegant private library, and the frequent segues to  cinema, artwork, and beautiful clips of foreign locales, make the programs  a delight again and again. The 1st program deals with the hero's  adventure, and is liberally laced with Star Wars' scenes. The 2nd discusses  the significance of denotation versus connotation in Christian thinking,  and includes one SW scene. The remaining episodes range all over the world,  and hammer home Campbell's (and Moyers') thesis that all religions are true  in this sense: they are metaphorical of the inner spiritual potentialities  of men and women. Particularly fascinating is the footage of a  cannibalistic "horror society" re-enacting THE myth and  Campbell's interpretation of it: the death and eating of the god. The  male-female pair to be consumed engage in a public, ritual sexual  intercourse, are slain in flagrante dilicto, and are immediately cooked and  eaten. "That's the sacrifice of the Mass" Campbell points out.   "There [in Roman Catholic ritual] you are taught that this IS the  body and blood of the Saviour...".     