 Ulysses is certainly one of the least approachable books of our century. (It took me 2 years to finish reading it in a thoughtful manner.) Joyce spent 7 years in its composition, (1914-1921).      Ulysses expands the technique used in Joyce's earlier work, The Portrait, of dramatic presentation of action via psychological inflection and superlative linguistic mastery. The not inconsiderable word-play of course presages the last and most formidable work: Finnegans Wake.     As do the Portrait and the Wake, Ulysses challenges the reader to reassess not only himself but also what he expects from a book, and what he understands by "reading" a book.      An atmosphere is created which is very intimate and precise-to-detail. There is a great deal of juxtaposed humour and pathos, and one senses deep and numerous levels of interconnection between people and events that one just cannot seem to put one's finger on: an expanding horizon of meaning that vanishes in the distance of one's ability to comprehend it, or perhaps "an intelligible sphere whose center is everywhere and whose circumference is nowhere".     While Mark Twain's observation that a great book is a book everyone wants to have read and no one wants to read may certainly seem at first glance to apply to Ulysses, the impeccable crafting of the story, and the layers upon layers of symbolism which support it, make Ulysses a book to be enjoyed "over and over again", as Joseph Campbell rightly observes.     One final note: if, like me, you have found other authors, say, Tolstoy, to be incredibly true-to-life in their literary characterizations, (e.g. Anna Karenina, or Pierre in War and Peace), prepare for a shock..just wait until you breathe in the realistic "holodeck" atmosphere of Dublin on Bloomsday, 16 June, 1904!     Certainly however, there is something not realistic about the incredibly profound and intellectually pregnant reveries of the young lion Stephen Dedalus as he walks along Sandymount Shore, and also in the extensive inner musings of himself and Leopold Bloom elsewhere in the book. Yet it is often unclear, (at least to me!), to what degree these thoughts and thought pictures are actually distinctly voiced within the characters, or simply lapping on the shores of self-awareness within their consciousness...     Not for the faint of heart, nor for those who are unwilling to follow the thread Joyce gives us to find our way to the centre of the labyrinth of our own psychology and culture, Ulysses is a grand book.     