 Well, Obi-wan, the circle is now complete; when I left you I was but the pupil,- now I am the master!     For me, Moby Dick has always been a symbol of my unhappy childhood, (it wasn't that bad, in retrospect, it just seemed alot like Moby Dick at the time). It reminds me of it.      It was always a book (literate) grown-ups seemed to know about; it came on TV; it always appeared in the childrens' classics section of the understocked bookstores of the sixties, and was too boring and too abstruse for a child to seriously contemplate, much like life.     As I grew and experienced the awkwardness of youth, it still was a daunting and formidable idea to contemplate reading MD: one of those activities like joining the Marines, or getting a career and settling down, or having one's tonsils out, which must perhaps be done eventually, but one resists because it only serves to highlight and accent one's own frail mortality.     It is the classic American novel in terms of style, it seems to me, because the prose is classic American prose of the 19th century: highly seasoned with Biblical turns of phrase and psychology, but accessible in the main.     It IS interesting to me in the way it presents the problem of man's mortality. Beethoven-like, Ahab defies all the "thou-shalts" of a moral universe. Perhaps this is what is so maddening to mankind: we seem to live in a moral universe, and yet for some men, punishment seems more ruthlessly exacting and swift when WE are the transgressor, -not when we are the transgressed.     Perhaps this is a truly human response: to defy the powers that seem to mock us in our weakness: compel us to strive and inevitably fail.      Nietzsche observes in the Prologue to "Thus Spake Zarathustra" that the 3 transformations of the Spirit lead to a state of being where one has thrown off the "thou shalt" system, but as Joseph Campbell observes, the person who has thrown off the "thou shalt" system, (the civilizing system of obedience to authority, tradition, etc.), IS in fact a civilized human being; he has internalized the "thou shalt" system, and thrown it off as a "thou shalt". Ahab appears to fall into that category of men, like Dostoevsky's Raskolkin, who at great torture and strain to themselves, attempt to overcome the moral order of the universe, without having been civilized by this "thou shalt" system.      Older and wiser now than my childhood days, I look now at Moby Dick and feel not so awed by it anymore. I have  myself lived through some of what Ahab appears to perceive, and feel, and carry out. There is a dark side to us all, but one finally becomes the master: I have read Moby Dick, and have felt as does Ahab, and am no longer intimidated by the work, or life's questions, or what MD represented to me as a child. (I have been civilized by the "thou shalt" system, perhaps?)      The question of morality vs. integrity is not confined to MD; it is much larger than MD, and knit into the fabric of our experience as human beings.     I can now look at Ahab not intellectually, but with empathy: no word passes between us, but I know his struggle, and Melville's moral.      A central question of the book: is the business of being a man morality, or facing life with the strength of our own convictions, no matter how life may try to turn us against them?     I no longer am sure, but I am sure that neither was Melville.     