 As did Kubrick in "Clockwork Orange," Oliver Stone is dealing with violence in a blackly-humorous way, reminiscent of Shakespeare's "Titus Andronicus."  The difficulty with "understanding" Stone's NBK is our modern tendency -- as Joseph Campbell remarked -- of interpreting art sociologically.  Oliver Stone is a big fan of Campbell, and well aware of the death of our mythologies.   NBK luridly confronts what happens to a culture and its people when their mythology has perished. The film clearly isn't just commentary on violent America, then.  NBK depicts, with considerable black humor, how people living in a cultural vacuum of dead myths violently struggle to create their own mythologies. The killers, Mickey and Mallory, are psychotic, schizophrenic -- who knows? But schizophrenia is, at root, an inability to derive meaning from the symbols around one.  The pair, adrift in a culture devoid of meaningful symbols, try to fill this awful psychological void with a smorgasbord of comic heroes, game shows, sit-coms, and personal childhood and courtship rituals. Invoking Campbell once more, what's happening to the protagonists is identical to what occurs to primitive societies exposed to "white man's culture": they collapse, succumb to vice, and "dis-integrate." The killers have internalized the cultural models "appropriate" to their time, and (naturally) rebel against everything around them.  Meantime, they are struggling to establish a meaningful personal mythology of their own throughout the film: the marriage vows on the bridge, the "communion with angels" scene, their superstitious reverence for a small kindness done them, as though it were an epiphany from Heaven itself -- (the Indian's death greatly distresses them: "You've killed Life!"), the ritual act of mercy at each of their mass murders, so on. The film raises a few hairs on the neck, at least for me, because Stone confrontationally asks what have we become and where are we going, and what NBK seems to be saying, at least to me, is that beneath the complacent order of commercialism, career, suburbia, television, and all we've come to accept as "the way we were," there is a very real and disturbing primal chaos: not the chaos of being human, but the chaos of being human in a dehumanized world.     