 FIRST: Having read the previous reviews of this work to date (here at Amazon.com), and finding myself in sympathy with the sympathizers, - (I too think the Wake to be one of the best books ever written), - I shall side, as it were, with the unpopular Shem against Shaun's worldly wisdom that if Joyce had had something really worthwhile to write he would have spelled it out in garden variety prose.   SECOND: Why? It is simply not realistic to me to seriously suggest that Joyce, who twice won an all-Ireland English composition prize as a young lad in school, and went on to produce the Portrait and Ulysses, would spend 17 of his most creative years on a "prank"... Joyce had a flair for foreign languages. Joyce regarded Catholicism as "a beautiful lie". Joyce had at his disposal the collected wisdom of the Orient and Occident due to the scholarship of the late 19th century, and was extremely well read. Joyce clearly delighted in wordplay and puzzles. Joyce was exceptionally gifted in music. And, Joyce was notoriously autobiographical in his literary efforts. All these elements find expression in Finnegans Wake. My personal suspicion is that those who have little patience for Joyce's presentation are unwilling to reassess what a book should convey, (see my review of Ulysses), lack the necessarily broad intellectual interests to make the book appealing, or just don't have a strong enough desire to play detective with the book on its own terms. Permit me to illustrate... The late Maestro Leonard Bernstein gave a series of lectures at Harvard in the early 70's entitled "The Unanswered Question" in which he touched upon the similarities and differences between music and speech, and even pondered the existence of a universal musical grammar. For example, it is not gramatically possible in English to start a sentence with the last word of the prior sentence (he points out). Yet this is exactly what music does do, and this is exactly what the modulated "English" of Finnegans Wake enables Joyce to do, too. And more, much more. In fact, the Wake's fluctuating prose seems to foreshadow this idea of Bernstein's.  THIRD: What is the book about? This is the demand of those who think it rubbish. Here it is: the book is about humanity, - our archetypal experiences, written on the level of dream consciousness. That's it. For example, brother against brother conflict; the inevitable haunting guilt which seems to attach itself to all of us - "this municipal sin business"; the love of a woman which enables life to go on, and on, riverlike,  and the recurrence of life's themes throughout the day, week, and age; the problems of incestuous love which always brew within "the fury and the mire of human veins"; the letter which would explain all, dug up from a manure pile by a hen named Belinda, but which has holes or tea stains in all those places where we could learn for certain "who did it"; the problem of inevitable death; the chrysalis-like psychological state of dependence on temporal and ecclesiastical authority...These are the problems and events of day-to-day living, and this is what the Wake deals with. (To those of you who understand the Wake better than myself, my apologies for having been so bold as to try and elaborate it so crudely!) It is written in as impossibly eclectic a style as may be possible, and intentionally riddled with puzzles, the detractors claim. Fine, granted. But here as perhaps elsewhere, Joyce seems to realize the limitations of a work of art, and strives to transcend them; there is a subtle and inescapable logic to life, and as far as possible, the business of the artist is to seize this quality. Joyce's effort gives the book a zest and freshness not to be found elsewhere. My very humble opinion is that the Wake is without peer in the English language. (Besides, who needed another cowboy or detective novel, for Heaven's sake?) Each of us is the poor harried protagonist, Humphrey Chimpden Earwicker. Each of us carries around a burden of guilt, Richard the Third-like. Each of us is subjected to the ridicule of the Four Customers and the Twelve Jurymen, whether in going into the neighborhood grocer to buy a loaf of bread, in chatting with our neighbor, in the nearby laughter of aloof strangers, or in having to live with the endless moralistic preachings of our "superego", built on the bygone days of our childhood's sometimes-confused faith, and the collective experiences of humanity's infancy in ages long gone, and yet to be re-repeated. This wild yet sustained totality of expression, and characteristically Joycean juxtaposition of seemingly incongruous and inharmonious elements, make the book the funniest, and most truly delightful, I have ever read.   FOURTH: In defence of those who dislike it, knowledge of at least one foreign language probably helps, as does a general knowledge of comparative religion and mythology. Vico's idea of historical cycles, Nietzsche's idea of eternal recurrence, alchemy, Biblical tales, childrens' games: these are all part of the Wake. There are several exegetical works which aid in digestion of the Wake, but beware of trying to decipher individual lines, or even pages, of the Wake, in isolation! People who attempt this exercise are frequently disappointed. (Try isolating a four note theme from a piece of music and explaining logically what these four notes, by themselves in isolation from the rest of the piece, mean - the Wake is just as organic as a piece of music.)  The Wake often reminds me of Wagner's Ring Cycle: the Demiurge tried his best to create a perfect world, but was unable to do so. It is the business of the hero, through his rise, struggle, and inevitable fall to bring about the perfection of creation. The Wake retells this story on the level of dream consciousness, "where everyone is someone else". Perhaps the greatest obstacle to approaching the Wake is that many readers come in bad faith, unwilling to believe that an order is there, hidden in the labyrinth of metamorphosing words. Try peeking at the James Joyce Quarterly if you need encouragement that the order IS there. And, since we are all celebrating Adam's, and Finnegan's, (and each other's), Fall in writing and reading this column, ("O foenix culprit!"), I wish you all a good time at Finnegan's Wake!     