 "Prelude to Foundation" describes the young mathematician Hari Seldon, and his flight from the powers that be; much like the Christ child, the  wicked Old King wishes to find him in order to destroy him, and what he represents: a perceived ineluctable threat to the established order. No surprise - the mathematician DOES escape and, we learn at the outset of "Foundation", lives to successfully develop his theory of statistically-predictable underlying rhythms in the actions of humanity, (modelled on the similarly weighty equations of statistical mechanics): "psychohistory". Asimov opens "Foundation" with Hari Seldon, an old yet intellectually vital man, sensing his impending demise. Master of powerful political intrigues, (swirling around both himself and his planned establishment of an Alexandrian Library to act as a repository of knowledge against the impending collapse of civilization), by virtue of his psychohistorical equations' predictions, he successfully establishes "Foundation" outposts in two remote sectors of the galaxy with government backing, ostensibly to create "dictionaries".  This book chronicles the early political, military, and economic development of Terminus, the home planet of First Foundation. (Players of games such as "Civilization" will not be surprised at the predictable flow of events...)  Asimov's ear for dialogue is not as great as his mind; in fact, the book's hold on the reader's imagination seems to come as much from the spirit of the author as from the interest we continually experience in the plot's continual protean plot twists; for example, we discover that "Second Foundation", Seldon's second outpost, is cloaked in secrecy and "not on any of the star charts", which becomes significant in later volumes. Asimov's style takes a little getting used to, but once you ARE used to it, it's very hard to put these books down. Make no mistake; these books are just outstanding, and probably a very good introduction to science fiction. Highly recommended.     