 I encountered these ideas, and this book, 20 years ago. The usual first reaction is shock. Mine was. "The Work" is a powerful set of  psychological tools designed ultimately to bestow "clear vision",  i.e., "objective consciousness". Each chapter reads about an  hour. Uspenskii displays brilliance and complete mastery as he fields  questions from 4th Way students. There is no doubt that an acquaintance  with these ideas is salutary. On the other hand, the Work has its dark  side... 1. Almost any remarkable individual of any era is implicitly  assumed to have been a devotee of this particular system: Beethoven,  Mozart, Shakespeare, Marcus Aurelius, Epictetus, Jesus, Plato, the  Buddha... (Maybe they were; how do I know?) 2. It is problematic if the  Work actually develops moral character to any appreciable degree. The crude  notion that we are all "machines" (old news... read Pavlov!) does  not foster any sort of compassion for our fellow man. The crude notion that  it is OK to lie as long as we call it "intentional  insincerity"...[! ] 3. Uspenskii's assertions to the contrary  notwithstanding, it IS a depressing system: "man has no soul" - a  radical departure from all religious and mystical traditions. You have just  one lifetime to build it, and if you fail, what's left of your spirit  becomes "food for the Moon". And! -- ONLY "The Work"  can save you from such a fate; in this, it participates of the worst of  creedbound religious orthodoxy. 4. Even the notion of non-identification  with negative emotional states, a wonderful insight and tool, to my  thinking does not guarantee personal growth: one learns a few right  attitudes to ameliorate their severity, then performs mental gymnastics to  wipe out the residue. I think it likely that one has simply sidestepped the  whole issue of what it means to be morally and emotionally strong in such a  procedure. But then it IS "the way of the 'sly' man". And where  YOU really are after all this inner manipulation...     