 Okay... I remember a previous reviewer saying something about global dumbing because of Charlotte Church... I think this comment is quite true buy it is a bit too mean... I've read most of the reviews for this album and my conclusion is: yes, there is global dumbing. People are liking opera just because they listen to a "opera" singer who is simply not singing opera. And they can say "I love opera! Because Charlotte Church sang it"...  no, we couldn't blame Charlotte Church for all this global dumbing. She's still young and she has not been trained properly. Want to blame people? Blame her vocal teacher, Blame her mum, Blame her publicist! Most of the songs in this album is not chosen properly! And they will ruin her beautiful voice! "O Mio Babbino Caro", "The Jewel Song" and "Summertime" are some examples of songs that she should not sing! These songs are for more mature singer and for singer with more feelings in their voice! Charlotte have a beautiful voice but not a beautiful voice with feelings. "O Mio Babbino Caro" is a beautiful song, I've heard other singer sang it and they have sang a thousand times better--- With so much feelings and correct amount of vibrato.  To become a better singer, Charlotte has to improve her vibrato and FEELINGS. Different songs require different feelings. She sangs the songs in this album with all equal feelings... Therefore, they're not music! And they turn out similar and boring! The most horrible thing she sang is in "Summertime"... I remember the last note...It is clear but the note seems to be stuck in her throat... Not willing to come out of it and the vibrato is uneven.  Next time give her a more simple song! If she does well in a simple song, she will definately improve somehow. If you feed her a difficult song not to her level yet, she might get choke... Her voice will be ruin as well as her great talent and potential! However, there is a few songs worth listening to in this album. Songs like "Just Wave Hello" and "The Last Rose Of Summer"... They're more simple for her age and potential for now... Maybe she should wait for a few more years before coming out with another album... Maybe this time it will be real operatic stuffs!     