 For the longest time, I was reluctant to read Joseph Ellis's "Founding Brothers," about the Revolutionary generation of Americans who established the United States and fought for her independence. As many people know, Ellis lied to the public by claiming to have had an exemplary military record during the Vietnam War--when in fact he never left the United States. Some of his work was infused by partisan politics as well. Ellis claims for example that there is indisputable evidence that Thomas Jefferson impregnated Sally Hemmings, when in fact, the evidence only indicates that one member of the Jefferson family impregnated Hemmings, and does not specifically identify Jefferson as that man. It was additionally troublesome that Ellis appeared to release this finding after initially arguing that there was scant evidence of Jefferson's impregnation of Hemmings, and that his newfound conviction that Jefferson was indeed the father of Hemmings's children appeared to be conveniently released to help Bill Clinton refute his detractors during the Lewinsky scandal by essentially saying that "every President was a cad." Given all of this, I approached "Founding Brothers" with more than a little trepidation--fearing that the book might suffer from the liberties with the truth its author has taken in the past. Well, let me report my pleasant surprise and delight that the book turned out to be quite good. Indeed, it was a very enjoyable read, one that ended too quickly (the book is only 248 pages long). I say this despite the fact that Ellis repeated his certain conviction that Jefferson fathered Hemmings's children (which received a slight mention in the book).  I liked the format of "Founding Brothers"--which is organized as a collection of separate stories about important events in American revolutionary history. Ellis starts out by discussing the famous duel between Aaron Burr and Alexander Hamilton, and the various sociopolitical issues behind the duel. Ellis also places Washington's famous Farewell Address in historical perspective, and gives a fascinating insight into it shaping and creation. We are treated to a tale of political horsetrading and skulduggery when Ellis discusses how Hamilton's financial plan was able to win acceptance--in exchange for a movement of the nation's capital from Philadelphia to what is now Washington, DC. The debate over slavery is discussed at length, as are the political battles between the John Adams-led Federalist, and the Jefferson-led Republicans. Along with David McCullough (who treats the topic with more depth in his book), Ellis ends by discussing the rapprochement that ultimately occurs between Adams and Jefferson, who started out as friends, turned into bitter foes, and then ultimately reconciled--even dying within hours of each other on July 4, 1826--the fiftieth anniversary of the Declaration of Independence and the founding of the American republic.  The primary debate coloring the book--especially at the end--is whether the creation and growth of the American republic was predestined and providential (Jefferson's view), or whether--in the words of the Duke of Wellington after the Battle of Waterloo--it was "a close run thing" (Adams's view). Adams argued until the end of his life that a strong central government was needed to steer the American ship of state, and ensure that it would safely reach its various political shores and harbors. Jefferson, on the other hand, took a more mythic view of America's creation and its ultimate expansion; a view which I am convinced help influence the Louisiana Purchase--Jefferson's grandest policy achievement. Ellis makes clear the (correct) belief that Jefferson's view of American history won out--which Adams himself appeared to recognize, noting that Jefferson's ability to construct a tale and a story behind the creation and expansion of the American republic would ensure that his view was the dominant one, and likely ensure as well that Jefferson would be more acclaimed by history than Adams.  Another debate was between the side expressing Burkean horror at the excesses of the French Revolution, and Jefferson's near blind embrace of the Revolution (an embrace that he later appeared to regret). Much of these historical and political debates were hashed out in the famous exchange of letters between Adams and Jefferson as they sought to reconcile and "explain themselves to one another" before they died. Indeed, the letter exchange is so fascinating, with the unique and often hilarious use of language by both correspondents, that it could have made up a separate book. In the end, I found Ellis's "Founding Brothers" to be superb--if too short. If the pleasure I gained from this book is any guide whatsoever, I will likely enjoy Ellis's biography of Jefferson as well.     