 Benny Andersson is best known as the keyboardist and songwriter (with Bjrn Ulvaeus) of ABBA. In that guise, Benny demonstrated a mastery of his craft that few can rival, and created a body of work which ranks with that of such songwriting luminaries as Kern, Berlin, Rodgers, Brian Wilson, Elvis Costello, and Vince Clarke.  Songs like "S.O.S.," "The Winner Takes It All," "One of Us," and "Dancing Queen" (among many others) were melodically and harmonically brilliant, and Benny's talents as an arranger and keyboardist were unbeatable.  The quality and consistency of Andersson's work with ABBA is indicated by the increasing number of musicological studies on the subject. After ABBA's demise in 1982, Benny concentrated on composing for the theatre.  Two significant works resulted: 1984's "Chess," written with Ulvaeus and lyricist Tim Rice; and 1996's "Kristina Fran Duvemala," which is little known in the States but was a cultural phenomenon in Sweden.  Both works offered ample evidence that Andersson's musical talents and stylistic catholicism were well suited for the stage.  By the time "Kristina" had conquered Stockholm, Benny was being acknowledged in his homeland as the most important composer to emerge from Sweden in the 20th century.   Which brings us to "November 1989," Benny's second solo collection.  Released just as "Chess" was closing on Broadway, this album gave Benny an opportunity to express himself in less ambitious terms than the colossal stage projects to which he'd committed himself in the mid- to late-80s.  Rather than turn back to pop songs, however, here we have Benny the miniaturist and salon composer, the creator of well-crafted and beautiful small-scale works on his Synclavier synthesizer and piano.   From the lovely "Stockholm by Night" for strings to the gorgeous and mournful "Novell #1" for solo piano, Benny's melodic sensibility and tasteful arrangements are characteristically immaculate.  The compositions range from Swedish folk music to accordian waltzes.  This is minor work, to be sure, but lots of composers, from Mozart to Glass, have produced minor work.  Surely the man who gave us an opera as perfect as "Chess" is allowed to indulge himself every once in a while--and I, for one, am glad he did. This collection has something to offer everyone, from ABBA fans to classical music buffs.  Highly recommended.     