 Vince Clarke, the Francis Poulenc of modern pop music, has been writing melodic, hook-laden songs since his late teens in Depeche Mode. For years, after leaving DM to form Yazoo with Alison Moyet, The Assembly with Feargall Sharkey (for whom he wrote the Top 5 hit "Never Never"), and then Erasure with Andy Bell, he seemed to have the midas touch as a songwriter: virtually every single he released found its way onto the charts. From 1987 to 1994, Erasure took the place once held by ABBA as the most consistent feature in the British top 20. Clarke's taste, melodic sensibility and talent for intricate arrangements made him among the most individual and brilliant writers in popular music.  With Andy Bell, Clarke found his ideal frontman. More than that, however, Bell is a superb singer and, at his best, a great lyricist. Erasure's popularity began slipping after the release of 1995's eponymously titled album (despite the fact that, in terms of sustained creativity and ambition, it remains their greatest accomplishment), even at home, where they had long been pop's most bankable item. Since then, they've released the superb "Cowboy" in 1997, then made fans wait over three years before releasing "Loveboat," which peaked at #45 on the LP charts in Britain and spawned only one top 30 hit, "Freedom." But don't let their fading popularity make you think they've lost their touch: "Loveboat" is an excellent follow up to "Cowboy" and ranks among their finest work. Perhaps the lack of success can be attributed to a production and mixing that is less immediate than their previous efforts. On "Loveboat," Clarke's acoustic guitar plays a more prominent role than ever before, and while the material itself is thoroughly well-crafted, the arrangements are less accessible than the veteran Erasure fan might have come to expect. Like "Erasure," this is an album that requires repeated listenings in order to fully appreciate what it has to offer. It is worth the effort, however. One might quibble about the odd lyric or the bass-heavy mix, but "Loveboat" is a engaging, intelligent, mature effort that sustains Erasure's now remarkable level of consistency.  Hopefully, the lack of chart success will not keep Clarke and Bell from making a follow-up to "Loveboat."     