 "Medazzaland" found Duran Duran in one of their numerous transitional periods. John Taylor, who hadn't been a force in the band since '92 (according to Nick Rhodes), left just before its release; Simon LeBon's lack of interest was reflected in the fact that half the lyrics were by Rhodes. This left the album largely in the hands of TV Mania, the name Rhodes and guitarist Warren Cuccurullo had adopted for their writing and producing projects. Interestingly enough, the tumult surrounding the making of the album did not affect its quality; on the contrary, this is the most consistently brilliant album of Duran Duran's career. Just as the "Wedding Album" was the product of Cuccurullo's increased musical influence after the disaster of "Liberty," so was "Medazzaland" the product of a new dynamic within the band after the failure of "Thank You" and the problems with Taylor and LeBon. Rhodes' interest in modern keyboard sounds and dance music is reflected throughout the album, and his songwriting with Cuccurullo is unprecedented in its sophistication and maturity. This album ranges from dance-pop to hard rock, from balladry to industrial; an obviously rejuvenated band. The departure of Taylor in late '96 led Rhodes and Cuccurullo to jettison half of the songs slated for "Medazzaland," and the duo wrote the second half with a keen sense of the quality of their work. It shows. From the opening notes of the title track to the slamming door at the end of "Undergoing Treatment," this is an extraordinarily accomplished album on every level, from lyrics and production to composition and arrangments. After the enticingly keyboard-driven "Medazzaland," "Big Bang Generation" features a brilliant performance by Cuccurullo, whose guitar playing, always breathtaking in its virtuosity, is characteristically brilliant here. The only downside is LeBon's mannered and affected singing, in obvious imitation of Liam Gallagher's whine (there's irony for you). This quality is unfortunately present on a few other tracks as well, but then again, no one has ever considered Simon LeBon one of the world's great vocal stylists. "Electric Barbarella," with only four chords in the entire song, is a magnificent track, brilliantly arranged and performed, with a witty lyric. "Out of My Mind" is a fairly good, rather pedestrian ballad. "Who Do You Think You Are?", on the other hand, is fantastic, despite LeBon's horrible singing. Featuring an understated but powerful performance by Cuccurullo, who throws in a guitar solo which is no less electrifying for its simplicity, this is a superb addition to the Duran Duran catalog. "Silva Halo" is obvious filler, but its mercifully short duration gives way to "Be My Icon," another song which is excellent on every level, and particularly in Cuccurullo's crushing guitar.  "Buried in the Sand" is a beautiful song, with a lyric directed from Nick Rhodes to the departed John Taylor. "Michael, You've Got a Lot to Answer For" is a good ballad, brilliantly arranged, but marred by a truly embarrassing vocal performance from LeBon, who barely manages to stay in tune. "Midnight Sun," another ballad, is arguably the finest song on the album. With a sublime and evocative arrangement, this song is reminiscent of "Save a Prayer," despite LeBon's insertion of an incredibly stupid line ("cartoon coyote eternity") which undermines the beauty of his lyric. "So Long Suicide" is a fine guitar-rock track, with a well-written chord progression and a great performance from LeBon. "Undergoing Treatment" is an uncharacteristically humorous track from a band not always known for its comedic sense; minor, to be sure, but a good way to end the album.  Not since "Rio" has Duran Duran released an album as consistent and worthwhile as "Medazzaland," which predictably flopped and sank from view. The dynamism and creativity of the Rhodes-Cuccurullo collaboration is undeniable, and it is unfortunate that Simon and Nick unceremoniously threw Warren out of the band after 15 years. If the reunion produces a good album, it might justify their decision, but it is highly unlikely that Duran Duran will again equal the heights of "Medazzaland."     