 Duran Duran have never gotten the respect they occasionally deserve from critics or "serious" rock fans, but anyway you look at it, "Rio" is a fantastic pop/rock record and certainly the band's most ambitious, intelligent, creative and consistent effort.  This is what spawned Durandemonium across the world (though they were already a sensation in the UK), as the band used engaging (or ridiculous, depending on who you are) and flashy videos and their photogenic looks to sell records and sell out stadiums.  But, beyond all the hype, what makes "Rio" so good? The answer is in the songs themselves.  Even with no pictures or videos to accompany "Rio," the nine songs range from good to excellent, with intricate arrangements, strong melodic sensibility and enough compelling rock energy to make you overlook Simon LeBon's sometimes laughable lyrics.  "Rio" is no "Sgt. Pepper" or "Blonde on Blonde," but it shows that this wasn't just another early '80s boy band--these guys could play and write very well and "Rio" contains some of their very best material.  Its predecessor, their eponymous debut album, is also excellent, but the follow up to "Rio," 1983's dismal "Seven and the Ragged Tiger," showed that Duran Duran couldn't keep up their gruelling schedule of photo shoots, dating supermodels, applying eyeliner, etc., and also write good material indefinitely.  They never again came close to anything as good as "Rio" (which is kind of depressing, as they keep on trying 20 years later). The best-known tracks here are "Hungry Like the Wolf," "Save a Prayer" and the title song, but my personal favorites are "Last Chance on the Stairway" and "The Chauffeur."  I must say, though, that I like every song on "Rio" and that this is mostly courtesy of guitarist Andy Taylor (the best musician in the band) and one-fingered keyboardist Nick Rhodes' atmospheric arrangements.  Nicely done throughout.  To say nothing of Simon LeBon's voice--sure, he's no Smokey Robinson, but his enthusiasm is infectious. In sum, "Rio" is devoid of deep thought or innovation, but it IS one of the best and most entertaining albums of the 1980s.  Highly recommended.     