 Golding's "The Inheritors" was originally published in 1955, and was his first book after "Lord of the Flies" made his name. Unfortunately, while his first novel was intriguing, well-written and suspenseful, "The Inheritors" is one of the most bizarre and confused novels of its time. There's no real story here. Neanderthal man encounters cro-magnon, and is killed off. While it sounds like an exciting premise, this book actually consists of little more than endless, repetitious, vague landscapes, repeated over and over and over again. These landscapes, which describe each and every leaf, rock, patch of dirt or sparkle of light on the water of a flowing river, take up literally sixty percent of this brief but agonizingly slow moving novel's pages. Along with the landscapes, we are told in painfully tedious detail of each character's physical movements as he or she walks among the minutely described leaves, rocks and patches of dirt, while looking at the sparkle of the light on the river. These details take up most of the rest of the book. There is very little here that actually constitutes narrative; instead, there is only description and accumulation of sentences. The two main characters, Fa and Lok, are quite different. While Fa is a smart and resourceful Neanderthal, Lok, who stands at the center of the descriptions, is extraordinarily dense and slow-witted, even for a caveman. Within a few pages, this reader found Lok annoying and exasperating. Why Golding chose to make him the center of the book is a mystery.  One last point. This novel seems to have been edited severely (and not particularly carefully) from a longer manuscript, since many pages and the entire second-to-last chapter don't flow together in a coherent fashion. This only adds to the book's inertia and mystification. It's amazing that this was ever published in any form.  I really wanted to like "The Inheritors." Unfortunately, I had to force myself to finish it and ended up loathing it as much as any book I've ever read.     