 Walter Gieseking (1895-1956) was one of the most gifted and unusual pianists of his time (or any time, for that matter). He was playing the piano at 4, made his debut a few years later and, at 15, played a six-concert series of the complete Beethoven sonatas. Blessed with absolute pitch, natural skills at the keyboard and one of the most frightening sight-reading gifts of the century (shaming even Horowitz, Richter or Saint-Saens), he was recognized early on as a remarkable musician. He studied under Karl Leimer, who passed on his visualization technique to Gieseking. This technique, which involved memorization by reading the score and imagining the physical aspects of playing before actually executing the music at the piano, helped Gieseking (who already had perhaps the most formidable memory in 20th century pianism) to practice relatively little. Gieseking was a supreme colorist, whose unparalleled pedal technique was ideally suited to Debussy and Ravel, the composers with whom he is most often associated. He was also, until the advent of Artur Schnabel, widely acknowledged as the finest Mozart pianist of the era. Gieseking's final years were clouded by his pandering to the Nazis, and his wife was killed in a bus accident (in which he was also grievously injured) shortly before his death in London. Whenever Gieseking is mentioned, you always hear that he lost his magic after the war, and this is, unfortunately, true. While his playing retained its finish and technical mastery, the incandescence and sparkle that was Gieseking at his finest were gone forever, and he seemed to be merely going through the pianistic motions. Fortunately, he made many fine recordings before the war, and these are included here. Even today, Gieseking is the mark by which all other Debussy players measure themselves. The reasons for this are evident in his 1939 recording of the "Preludes." With a dynamic control and mesmerizing sonority that is beyond description, Gieseking lures the listener into Debussy's world. His recording of Ravel's "Gaspard de la Nuit" is equally dazzling, perhaps unrivalled with the exception of Michelangeli's rendition. The Mozart is elegant in execution and shows a player with unique insight and identification with the music. My one reservation, however, is the inclusion of the two Beethoven sonatas. Gieseking was never a particularly distinguished Beethovenist, and these are eccentric interpretations to say the least (the "Appasionata" is played at such a breakneck tempo it seems as if the pianist had to pee). Perhaps more Mozart should have been included instead of the Beethoven; either way, I have to give this set only four stars because of this misstep.     