 Senator Wayne Morse of Oregon (1900-1974) was a man whose name is largely unfamiliar today, but whose importance during his long tenure (1945-1969) in the US Senate cannot be overstated.  Born and raised in Wisconsin, Morse was influenced by the progressive Republican governor and senator Robert LaFollette, and by the time he came to the University of Oregon as the nation's youngest law school dean at age 29, his independent streak was already pronounced. Elected to the US Senate as a liberal Republican in 1944, Morse left the GOP in 1953, disgusted with both McCarthyism and Eisenhower's choice of the right-wing Richard Nixon as his running mate.  After spending two years as the Senate's only Independent, Morse joined the Democratic Party in 1955, finding its progressive stance more congenial to his views.  He remained resolutely his own man, however, proving as much a thorn in the side of the Democrats as he was to the Republicans; indeed, Morse remains one of the great mavericks in US political history, a man whose devotion was to the public interest and "clean government" (his term) rather than to popularity and politics-as-usual. Morse's most enduring legacy was his consistent and highly visible opposition to the Vietnam war.  With Alaska's Senator Ernest Gruening (an equally fascinating figure), Morse was one of only two votes against the Gulf of Tonkin resolution in 1964.  As a former law professor, Morse based his arguments on both the US constitution's rules for military involvement and on his own respect for international law.  While history has vindicated his view on the war, it proved to be a politically unpopular stance, and Morse lost his re-election campaign in 1968 to young Republican upstart Bob Packwood (not coincidentally, Gruening lost his re-election bid the same year).   The force and integrity of Morse's personality is vividly captured in this film.  A man who could not be bought and who could not be swayed from what he felt was right, Morse was variously described as both the "conscience of the senate" and the "tiger of the senate."  He was both of these things, and in our time of unchecked executive power and bogus, disastrous overseas ventures in the name of "security," Morse's legacy has never been more admirable or relevant.  A true hero.     