 Elliott Carter (b. 1908) is a composer whose music seems to inspire either love or hatred, with little in between.  Carter started out studying with Nadia Boulanger in the 1930s, then wrote several years' worth of neo-Copland music before finally finding his own voice in the mid-1940s.  Beginning with his Piano Sonata, Carter began writing in an exclusively atonal idiom, constructing works that are breathtaking in their complexity and integrity.   This is not music for the dilettantes who like to play Schubert like muzak when they are cleaning their house or chatting with friends.  This is uncompromising, "serious" (often playfully so) music intended for listeners who approach it with the respect it deserves and with the willingness to spend the time required (however long that may be) to appreciate it.  If you're looking for instant comprehension, look into [stuff] like "The World's Most Soothing Classical Album" and other corporate delights. This is a truly invaluable collection, with important works culled from 45 years of Carter's creative development.  The earliest work here was written when the composer was 40 and the latest when he was 85, but evident throughout is his daring, originality, extraordinary technique and adherence to his own creative vision.  This is beautiful music by virtually any measure.  The performances, mostly by the Group for Contemporary Music, are superb.  This collection speaks for itself. Milton Babbitt once asked, "Who cares if you listen?"  The point of that notorious essay was that there is now more to music than Tchaikovsky, and that composers have an obligation to themselves and their art and not to close-minded, musically unlettered philistines.  Though he wrote that essay in 1958, Babbitt's thesis is unfortunately still valid, as evidenced by the negative, dismissive reviews of Carter's music featured here.  If you don't like it, don't listen to it; but don't attack the composer for being a fraud if you won't take the time to familiarize yourself with his music beyond a cursory listen.     