 "A White House Cantata" is a vitally important piece of work.  It is the only document we have of one of Broadway's most legendary flops (rivalled only by Irving Berlin's "Mr. President"), "1600 Pennsylvania Avenue."  Bernstein and Lerner spent four years ('72-'76) working on the score and book, then obtained nearly a million dollars from Coca Cola to stage the show.  The result?  An unmitigated disaster for all involved.  The reason?  Lerner's characteristically convoluted, muddled book.  The score and lyrics were almost universally praised. Bernstein forbid a cast recording after "1600" closed following only seven performances on Broadway.  Until now, only "Take Care of This House" obtained a life of its own; the rest of the score, though parts were later recycled by Bernstein in other pieces, languished unheard.  Finally, someone has been interested enough to take approximately half of Bernstein's massive score and make an absolutely superb recording of it.  "1600 Pennsylvania Avenue" is, at last, available (albeit in a drastically abridged form) for those who might have been wondering what exactly the show was about. The score is a masterpiece and this recording is first-rate.  Though many reviewers have complained about the "operatic" performances on the disc, Bernstein set Lerner's lyrics in an operatic fashion.  Lerner, a superb interpreter of his own songs, said numerous times that the songs in "1600" were the only ones he wasn't able to sing.  The performances are magnificent, exactly as Bernstein intended for them to be sung.  This wasn't written to be standard Broadway fare.  Patricia Routledge, who played the First Ladies during the brief Broadway run, said she felt one of the show's flaws was that Lerner was trying to write another musical while Bernstein was writing a grand opera.  She had a point.   The orchestrations (by Bernstein and two others) are superb, coloring the music to perfection.  The conducting and vocals are fantastic, and if there is any doubt that "1600 Pennsylvania Avenue," despite its confusing plot, was a major achievement (musically and lyrically), this recording should dispel that idea.  Lerner's lyrics are witty, literate, by turns hilarious and poignant: a tremendous display of lyrical virtuosity.  Bernstein's score contains some of the most vital, diverse and accomplished music of his career.  No wonder the musical's failure was such a crushing blow to him; he had to have known how good the score was, and to have it lost after only seven performances was a shame.  "A White House Cantata" is a unique experience, and worth every penny of its price.     