 Alfred Brendel is a pianist who has made a career out of what many consider a narrow repertory.  His specialties are Haydn, Mozart, Beethoven, Schubert, and Liszt.  Indeed, with the exception of the Schoenberg Piano Concerto a few other scattered pieces, these composers are pretty much the extent of his repertory.  Yet within these parameters, which are not, after all, narrow, he has carved a position of pre-eminence that is virtually without rival in modern pianism. This live album, recorded at the Salzburg Festival between 1981 and 1985, shows this pianist at the very height of his powers.  The many sides of Brendel--playful and austere, expressive and reserved--are well represented here, as he plays works so close to his heart that he has made them his own.  Indeed, the pianist himself chose these recordings, which says something about his own estimation of the performances. Haydn's Variations in F-minor and Sonata in C are played with elegance and wit, and after hearing them, one is reminded of how rarely pianists play Haydn and what a pity that is.  Brendel has championed Haydn for decades, and nowhere will you find more assured or definitive performances of these pieces than here. Schubert's Sonata in A-minor and the unfinished Sonata in C demonstrate Brendel's deep affinity for the works of my favorite composer.  Schubert's melancholy melodic sensibility is evident throughout both these works, and Brendel plays them with the understated passion they deserve, giving the lie to those who call him a cerebral, cold interpreter. Finally, the Liszt transcription of the "Liebestod" from "Tristan" completes this album with a performance of overwhelming power and artistry.  Brendel was playing Liszt at a time (the 1960s) when his music was considered the last word in shallow, showy superficiality, and this performance is an amazing display of both Liszt's talents as a transcriber and of Brendel's talents as a Liszt player.  This is a piece that must be heard to be believed. It is probably evident by now that I am a big Alfred Brendel fan, as well as lover of Haydn, Schubert, and (to a lesser extent) Liszt.  But this magnificent recording speaks for itself, and I recommend it to everyone.     