 When "Jazz From Hell" appeared in 1986, Frank Zappa was in the process of jettisoning human performers from his musical world. He had acquired a Synclavier synthesizer in 1982, and his compulsive workaholism increased as he pursued the machine's virtually limitless (or so it seemed then) capacity for accuracy. Prior to "JFH," he had worked with the Synclavier on such albums as "The Perfect Stranger" (which contrasted Zappa's music as performed by the synthesizer and Pierre Boulez's ensemble) and "Francesco Zappa" (which featured Synclavier recordings of string trios by that obscure composer). "JFH" was the first album of almost nothing but Synclavier recordings, and it is one of the best albums of FZ's career. From the opening composition, "Night School" (probably the most accessible work on the disc, with the possible exception of "G-Spot Tornado"), we are in the world of Zappa The Avant-Garde Modern Composer. This is not easy listening, folks. Most of the album is thorny, dissonant, often completely atonal music, programmed on a computer. For people who are interested in such work, this is a superb album. Zappa was a genius and one of the truly visionary and significant late-20th century American composers (somewhat akin to the Charles Ives of his time). "JFH" amply reinforces that assessment. (For futher evidence, try "The Yellow Shark," which is the best of FZ's "serious" music performed by the superb Ensemble Modern.) I have a couple of reservations about "Jazz From Hell," however. It only features six new original compositions, since "While You Were Art II" is a transcription of an improvised FZ guitar solo and "St. Etienne" is a live recording of FZ soloing with his band. Since we now know he had many hours of Synclavier recordings in his vaults by the time he released "JFH," is seems he could have included some of this work on the album, rather than the two guitar pieces. Disappointing. That said, "JFH," though not to everyone's taste, is an often astounding work from this great composer.     