 Jean Sibelius (1865-1957) enjoyed during his lifetime a level of adulation few composers have ever known. From roughly 1920 until the mid-40s, Sibelius, at least in Scandinavia, England and America, was revered as the world's greatest living musical genius, and his symphonies were acclaimed as the equal of Brahms' and second only to Beethoven's. His birthday is a national holiday in Finland and his 70th birthday gala was attended by the presidents of each Scandinavian country (including Denmark). His music was among the most frequently performed anywhere in the world. Winston Churchill sent him cigars. Ormandy and the Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra made a trip in the dead of the Finnish winter to visit the 90 year old Sibelius at his isolated home, Ainola, which is now a national monument. It was with the arrival of Virgil Thomson at the New York Herald Tribune in 1941, however, that the surprisingly rapid descent of Sibelius' reputation began, and it has never again come close to the heights it achieved in the first half of the 20th century. Since the 1960s, Mahler's music has claimed the place once occupied by Sibelius'. Given, Sibelius' symphonies weren't typically greeted with the near-religious awe Mahlerians feel for their Master's, but only Mahler achieved in the post-war era what Sibelius had during the pre-war. It is interesting to compare their music. Personally, Mahler and Sibelius are two of my favorite symphonists, though their approach to symphonic form and their orchestral philosophies couldn't have been more disparate. A famous conversation took place between the two in 1907 in which Mahler said the symphony should be like the entire universe, vast and all-encompassing, while Sibelius stated that he was always striving for perfection in form and flawless symphonic architecture (these aren't verbatim quotes). Their differing philosophies are reflected in their lives: while Mahler died at 50, his Tenth symphony incomplete and his life in tatters, Sibelius made peace with both the world and himself, and spent the last thirty years of his life in musical silence, while the world awaited an Eighth symphony that never materialized. Clearly, after the revolutionary Seventh symphony, Sibelius had said all he had to say.  Which brings us to Lorin Maazel's cycle of Sibelius symphonies. Many love Colin Davis' justifiably praised cycle with the BSO, but for me, Maazel's is the finest Sibelius cycle. Maazel was young when he recorded these (in his early- to mid-30s), but his interpretations are mature, penetrating and often deeply moving. These recordings range from good to superb, with Maazel's First, Second, Fourth, Sixth and Seventh standing out as absolutely first-rate. The recordings of the Third and Fifth are good, but (for me) don't reach the rarified heights of the others. All in all, this is an excellent Sibelius cycle and the price is amazing. Whether you already love Sibelius' symphonies or have never heard any of them, you won't regret owning this set. Highly recommended.     