 "Chess," which debuted in London's West End in 1986, was perhaps the most anticipated musical of the '80s.  With music by ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus and lyrics courtesy of Tim Rice ("Jesus  Christ Superstar," "Evita"), an all star cast and big money  backing, the show ran for three years in London, then flopped on Broadway,  where it debuted in 1988.  The show's disastrous New York run was thanks to  a heavily re-worked plot, Trevor Nunn's incoherent staging and an  absolutely scathing New York Times review from Frank "Butcher of  Broadway" Rich.   So--aside from all the publicity--is  "Chess" any good?  The answer is yes, it is very, very  good--better than good, in fact.  The music is lush, diverse, by turns  dramatic and delicate, searing and fragile, yet always possessed by one of  the most acute melodic sensibilities ever to compose for the theatre: Benny  Andersson.  Andersson always referred to Tchaikovsky as his favorite  composer, and his score reflects the Russian master's profound  understanding of melody.  Not since Frederick Loewe composed  "Camelot" has such an incandescent, profligately tuneful score  appeared on stage.  And Anders Eljas' orchestrations color Andersson's  music to absolute perfection.   Tim Rice supplies perhaps his finest set of  lyrics, dispelling the rumor that he is (according to a famous quote)  "the world's worst lyricist."  From the virtuosic wordplay of  "Merano" to the brutal, deft rhymes of "Pity the  Child," Rice's libretto is masterful.  Perhaps the fact that  "Chess" had been his obsession for many years (he had proposed  the project to Lloyd Webber in the last '70s, but the composer was more  interested in "Cats") contributed to Rice's performance here.   Whatever the reason, "Chess" is his finest hour. The performances  are, without exception, magnificent.  Elaine Paige, Barbara Dickson, Murray  Head, Tommy Korberg--all deliver emotive, fully realized renditions on each  track.   Produced by Andersson and Ulvaeus (who co-produced all of ABBA's  songs) and Rice, the original concept recording of "Chess" is  much superior to the later Broadway cast recording.  This album is worth  every penny of the price.     