 Malcolm Arnold (b. 1921) is one of Britain's most popular and distinguished composers.  Best known in the US for his "Bridge on the River Kwai" soundtrack, he has written distinguished works in virtually every serious genre except opera.  Unfortunately, Arnold's personal life has often proved calamitous, and in 1981, he entered a prolonged depression that lasted five years.  His Ninth Symphony, written in 1986 as the composer emerged from the darkest period of his tumultuous life, is a testament to his experience and the fitting summation to his work as a symphonic composer.  The Ninth is an extraordinary accomplishment on every level.  It is melodically rich, harmonically adventurous, brilliant in its conception, and superb in its scoring.  Nowhere else does Arnold's talent as an orchestrator shine through with more assurance.  To me, this is one of the most accomplished symphonies of the 20th century. From its deceptively bright opening through the anguished groaning basses of the amazing, massive lento last movement, this is the rare symphony that is able to maintain the listener's rapt attention from the first note to the last.  Though he covers many moods in the course of four movements, Arnold's overriding impression is one of despair.  This is more than understandable, given the circumstances in which it was written.  The finale's last measures, in which an ascending melody lifts the music from dirge-like agony to a sudden and radiant D major, constitute a deeply satisfying conclusion.  Like its creator, the symphony expresses pain, but ends with optimism.  In this, it is much like life. I cannot recommend Arnold's Ninth Symphony enough, particularly in this excellent recording, which was made in the presence of the composer.  The final track is an illuminating ten-minute interview with Arnold himself, in which he discusses his work on the symphony and its personal meaning.  Though he is now retired from composition, we can all be thankful for the many wonderful works he gave us--the greatest of which is this Ninth Symphony.     