 "Liberty" is an album so notoriously bad (pun intended) that it has attained the rank of "Duran Duran's Most Widely Derided Album." There were many elements which went into making "Liberty" the album it is, including the addition of two new members (Warren Cuccurullo on guitar and Sterling Campbell on drums), the band's declining success, and a general lack of interest on the part of bassist John Taylor. But perhaps the overall impression one takes from "Liberty" is that of a band painfully lacking in identity, trying a variety of styles in the vain hope that this would lead to a resurgence of success. Alas, this was not to be, despite the album's peak at #8 on the British charts. That said, "Liberty" is not nearly as bad as many would have you believe. In fact, I find the first six songs to range in quality from fairly good to outstanding. "Violence of Summer (Love's Taking Over)" is a well-arranged song with good lyrics and brilliant vocal melodies on the verse and bridge, but only a mediocre chorus. The first single off the album, it failed miserably. The album's second song is the title track, which is, hands down, the finest song on the album and one of the best songs Duran Duran have ever produced. With a magnificent keyboard-driven arrangement courtesy of Nick Rhodes and a scintillating guitar solo from Cuccurullo, "Liberty" should have been a single, but wasn't. A fantastic song.  The third song, "Hothead," is again well-arranged, with a very catchy melody but meaningless lyrics. "Serious" follows and is another great track, with one of Simon Lebon's finest lyrics and a nice arrangement, despite the repetitious chord progression. Sterling Campbell's drumming in particular is assured and nuanced on this song, as it is throughout most of the album. A fine musician and a worthy replacement for the great Roger Taylor. "All Along the Water" is next, and, like "Hothead," is a musical tour-de-force with a pedestrian, double entendre-laden lyric. This song is largely a showpiece for Warren Cuccurullo's guitar virtuosity, and he acquits himself brilliantly here. An amazing performance.  The last worthwhile song on the album is "My Antarctica," a minor-key ballad arranged around Rhodes' piano. Understated, beautifully written and performed, this song ranks with the best work of their career. Unfortunately, it's all downhill from here. "First Impression" sounds like Kenny Loggins--no, worse, BAD Kenny Loggins, and the rest of the songs ("Read My Lips," "Can You Deal With It," "Venice Drowning," and "Downtown") combine truly embarrassing lyrics with half-hearted composition and arrangements. Indeed, the last five songs on "Liberty" are SO bad that they almost--almost--erase the accomplishments of the first six. It's a wonder that five talented musicians couldn't come up with at least some passable items for the last half of their album, but that's the case here. "Liberty" bombed, and perhaps deservedly so. Sterling Campbell left the band the next year, and when they returned in 1993 with the highly successful "Wedding Album," the change in their fortunes was largely due to the talents of Warren Cuccurullo, who wrote "Come Undone" and "Ordinary World," and took his place as the driving musical force behind the band. His forced departure in 2001 at the hands of Simon and Nick is a shame, but hopefully the reunited Duran will produce a great album.     