 This is the most polarizing album Van Halen ever released.  It's also the worst.  By far.  They released bad albums in the past ("1984" and "F.U.C.K."), but never anything like this.  This album is absolutely indefensible.  Fatally tuneless, pretentious, unfocused, arrogant, obnoxious, poorly written--the only thing this album has going for it is the band's typically dazzling musicianship.   First off, the lyrics are unbelievably stupid.  "From Afar"?  "How Many Say I"?  This is laugh-out-loud stuff.  Eddie, in interviews around the time of this album's release, kept criticizing Roth and Hagar's lyrics.  That was dishonest of him.  There was more to Van Halen than partying--both Roth and Hagar were capable of writing intelligent, thoughtful lyrics (though neither ever gave Oscar Hammerstein II a run for his money).  These lyrics are like the (bad) poetry of a college sophomore.  To say nothing of Cherone's delivery of them; my god, this man must be the most limited, annoying singer ever to open his mouth.  He has one sound--forced shriek--throughout this album, which makes it virtually unlistenable.   Edward's songwriting on this album is not all bad, but when you have Gary Cherone singing mindbogglingly stupid lyrics in his witless wail, you cannot win, no matter how proficient your instrumental skills.  The fact that the lyrics came before the music for the first time in Van Halen's history definitely played a major part in this album's musical failure.  There are only two or three discernable melodies to be found anywhere on this album. Finally, where were Alex and Michael when this was being recorded?  They are obviously both Eddie's lackeys, willing to go along, unthinkingly and unquestioningly, with whatever whim (professional, musical, personal or otherwise) that Eddie feels.  Surely either Alex or Michael (probably both) listened to this album and thought, "Jesus, this is some terrible stuff."  Unfortunately for the band, neither spoke up.   Luckily, the Cherone era is long gone, and rumor has it VH is back in the studio, finishing their long awaited full reunion with David Lee Roth.  Hopefully Eddie's colossal narcissism has lessened and the band has returned to what it does better than anyone else: write and record some of the best (and yes, most intelligent) hard rock to be found anywhere.  Amen.     