 Harry Lonsdale is little known outside Oregon, but he shook up the state's political world in the 1990s.  A millionaire scientist/businessman from central Oregon, Lonsdale's environmental concerns spurred him to run against Oregon political titan Mark Hatfield in the latter's 1990 run for a fifth term in the US Senate.   Hatfield was the aging golden boy of Oregon politics.  Elected to the Oregon House and Senate, as Oregon Secretary of State, two terms as governor, and then five terms in the US Senate, Hatfield owed much of his success to his reputation as a moderate, dovish Republican, who opposed defense buildups and used the power of the Senate Appropriations Committee (of which he was chair) to funnel billions of dollars into his home state.  Hatfield's persona as a gentleman politician was a false one, however, as Lonsdale demonstrates throughout his account of their 1990 battle.  Hatfield abused his power to control the Oregon media, instigate investigations into Lonsdale's past (which proved fruitless), and to raise millions of dollars in PAC and special interest money, which he used to fund a series of negative TV ads--ads which eventually won him the election.  If anything, this book is valuable as an insight into the real Mark Hatfield, a dishonest, career politician whose only interest was staying in office and maintaining his own power.   Lonsdale, on the other hand, initially had little going for him beside his own millions, which he poured into his campaign.  They came in handy.  By using his fortune, Lonsdale won the Democratic nomination and was able to get his message--against clearcutting of Oregon's forests, pro-choice, pro-campaign finance reform--out to the public.  By September 1990, Lonsdale was leading in the polls, and Hatfield rushed back from Washington, desperate to retain his position.  The race remained virtually neck-and-neck until election day, when Hatfield finally won 53%-46%--a result unprecedented in its slim margin of victory for the "invulnerable" incumbent. Two years later, Lonsdale ran again, facing Congressman Les AuCoin in the Democratic primary.  Again, money made the difference, and with the Oregon press leaning characteristically towards well-known politicians, AuCoin's special interest cash and the media's anti-Lonsdale editorials eventually led to AuCoin's triumph--by only 300 votes out of over 300,000 cast!  AuCoin went on to defeat against the notorious Bob Packwood.  Lonsdale's final race in 1996, again in the Democratic primary, was less successful than the first two, as he was swamped early and decisively by a millionaire whose financial clout proved overwhelming.   "Running," then, is more than just a fascinating and gripping political memoir.  It is also a revealing and somewhat depressing examination of the state of American electoral politics, with the incessant fundraising, special interests, and a politically controlled media proving more decisive, in the end, than the will (let alone the best interests) of the people.  It gives readers a behind-the-scenes view of how modern campaigns are run, financed, and ultimately won.  It shows how truly out of touch we are when it comes to dictating who we want to represent us, and it shows us how both of the two big parties work to maintain their own hold on power rather than work for the voters.   I highly recommend "Running" to all political junkies and concerned citizens.  It should be a wake-up call--and a call to arms.  We all need to work to preserve what little control we have over how our country is run.  And we should all thank Harry Lonsdale--a decent, honest citizen who wanted to make a difference--both for running, and for writing this book.     