 Wilhelm Backhaus, who lived from 1884 to 1969, was one of the finest pianists of the 20th century. Backhaus first gained international fame in 1905, when he defeated some of the most phenomenal pianistic talents of his day at the Rubinstein Competition (second place went to Bela Bartok, who spoke disparagingly of Backhaus ever after). Backhaus was one of the colossal Beethoven players who ever lived, but his repetoire also included Brahms (another one of his specialties), Schubert, Schumann, Haydn, Rachmaninoff, Mozart, Handel, Debussy and Chopin. In interpreting Chopin, Backhaus showed that he wasn't "the performing metronome" (to quote the ever-vengeful Bartok), but an artist of unusual grace and sensitivity. These CDs feature mostly Beethoven (of course), and also small amounts of Schumann, Lizst, Schubert and Chopin. Backhaus' playing was one of restraint, superb control and technique and supreme elegance. Gyorgy Sandor called his style "understated, tremendous pianism," and these recordings prove that statement true.  On a purely technical level, Backhaus was transcendental. Indeed, there have been only a handful of players (Rachmaninoff, Hofmann, Michelangeli, Horowitz, Bolet, Lhevinne and perhaps Wild and Katchen) in the 20th century who rivalled him in terms of sheer physical command of his instrument. There are few surprises in Backhaus' playing; this is a pianist for whom there is no danger of wrong notes or smudged passages. Like Rachmaninoff, Backhaus presents the music in the most straighforward, direct manner possible. There is a monumental solidity to his playing that was unique. Backhaus was't given to affectation, sentimentality or mannerism: this is virtuosity played with keen intellect, and while he has often been described as cold, I find an undercurrent of emotion to almost every note Backhaus plays. Backhaus was relatively unknown the US compared to the likes of Horowitz or Rubinstein, but he was every bit their equal as a pianist and I highly recommend these fine performances to anyone who cares about great music.     