 After decades of lies, attacks, charges of "treason," and millions of taxpayers' dollars spent to investigate nothing, the Republicans' extremism and penchant for divisive politics are catching up with them.  Clinton's victories in '92 and '96 showed that their grasp of the electorate was slipping, and Gore's victory in 2000 clinched it.  With the rise in immigration, women's education, and a movement to the left in social views, America is moving closer to an inevitable Democratic resurgence.  Moderate and liberal Republicans might survive (though the GOP is eating them alive--see Arlen Specter and Lincoln Chafee), but the hard-right ideologues who run and dominate the party right now are headed towards disaster, no matter how many elections they steal and voters they disenfranchise. The Gingrichites have designed their own undoing.  Dubya has proven--yet again--that rigid Reagan/Hoover economics leads to disaster for the middle and lower classes (not that he cares).  Republicans quite simply cannot handle an economy to save their lives, and with their current destruction of our military at the hands of Ph.D.s and CEOs like Wolfowitz and Rumsfeld, their chest-beating militarism is backfiring as well.  They are not the party of "fiscal responsibility" and they are not the party for a strong "defense."  Their duplicity is coming back to haunt them. While it's good to acknowledge the emerging Democratic majority, it's still important to be vigilant and serious about bringing it about.  The 2000 Florida theft and the rigging of elections in Georgia last year (which cost patriot and war hero Max Cleland his rightful senate seat to a draft-dodging millionaire lawyer) show that the GOP is willing to do ANYTHING--even undermine the democratic process--to retain power.  Democrats need to fight them every step of the way to make sure honesty and integrity prevail.   This is a fantastic book which makes the case for our imminent majority clear, while supporting its claims with evidence on every page.  All progressives should read it and take comfort.  And remember--only 14 months to go before Bush gets the boot.     