 Duran Duran is a band that has rarely summoned the energy or self-respect to make a completely worthwhile, high quality record. Though they've been making albums since 1981, only three of them ("Duran Duran I," "Rio," and "Medazzaland") have been excellent from start to finish.  Their laziness is on display here. "Notorious" was released in 1986, after the departure of guitarist Andy Taylor and drummer Roger Taylor, and can be seen as a product of the opposing creative visions of bassist John Taylor and keyboardist Nick Rhodes. During 1985, Duran had been split into two camps, with John and Andy making a dismal attempt at white funk with the abominable Power Station, while Nick, Simon, and Roger made the elegant and beautifully arranged "So Red the Rose" under the name Arcadia. When Duran reformed, this time as a trio, the collaboration produced "Notorious," which works when Nick tempers John's funk pretensions with his arranging and keyboard skills; when John's ideas are at the fore, this album sinks miserably.  The title track is a brilliant funk exercise, with a sparse hook courtesy of Nile Rodgers' guitar and Nick's keyboards. Simon LeBon contributes both a fine vocal and a witty lyric. The second song, "American Science," is an absolute tour-de-force, with Nick's understated synths finding a passionate complement in Warren Cuccurullo's searing, virtuousic guitar work (Rodgers and Cuccurullo share guitar duties on the album with Andy Taylor). "Skin Trade" is a sublime mixture of John's funk with Nick's lush musicality, and features fantastic singing from LeBon. Notable here, as on every track on "Notorious," is Steve Ferrone's drumming, which is superb in its timing and precision; then again, it needed to be, considering the fact that he was standing in for Roger Taylor, one of rock's finest drummers. "A Matter of Feeling" is a fine ballad, with an interesting keyboard arrangement from Nick and an excellent lyric and performance from Simon. From here on, however, the album is a decidedly mixed bag. "Hold Me" is reasonably good filler, but its arrangement has dated it. "Vertigo (Do the Demolition)" is a good track, despite its dumb lyric, but is followed by a truly embarrassing slice of poseur soul, "So Misled," which has "skip me" written all over it.  Unfortunately, worse is still to come. "'Meet el Presidente'" is painfully bad, with a surplus of horns that fail to compensate for its compositional shortcomings and unbelievably stupid lyric. For some odd reason, they released this as a single, and it bombed in the US and barely scraped the Top 30 in the UK. "Winter Marches On" goes a long way toward redeeming this album, however, and evokes the best moments of Arcadia; this song bears the fingerprints of Nick, who amply displays his songwriting and arranging gifts here. Finally, "Proposition" ends the album on another weak note; though better than "So Misled" and "'Meet el Presidente,'" this still sounds like half-assed, pedestrian '80s pop/rock filler to me. All in all, "Notorious" is a not-altogether successful merging of two pop sensibilities. Making it only to #12 on the US album charts, it officially marked the end of Duranmania. Warren Cuccurullo would continue to do session work and tour with the band before officially joining for 1990's disastrous "Liberty," an album which is roughly equivalent in quality to this one. Their best work, however, was still ahead of them: 1997's extraordinary "Medazzaland." Check that one out.     