 Ever since William Shakespeare wrote Hamlet the Danes have had a reputation for being melancholy.   "Den Sidste Spion" (The Last Spy) by Leif Davidsen continues the tradition. Published in 1991, the story takes place in 1988 and 1989 during which time the Russian occupation of Afghanistan was ending and the Berlin Wall fell.   The hero of "The Last Spy" is Tom Gubrowski, who, despite his Polish name, is a Danish policeman and intelligence officer. He gets involved in the hunt to find a highly placed spy in the Danish administration, a spy run by the Russians and East Germans during the 1980's. This spy may still be active, despite the breakdown of the Soviet Union and the coming reunification of Germany.  One thing that struck me is that Tom and his childhood friends from the hippie 1960's are a very melancholy lot. Instead of being happy about the fall of the Berlin Wall they are almost nostalgic about the "good old days" when they flirted with left-wing ideals in their youth and believed the stories about the worker's paradise in the east block countries.   Leif Davidsen is very good at describing situations and people and places and moods. Tom the melancholy spy-chaser comes across as a very real person, and his travels in Denmark and down through Germany to Prague paint a very poignant picture of the mood of Europe at that time.  Unfortunately, the middle part of the book is rather slow and almost boring, and the last part becomes too contrived. Still, it continues to paint a very interesting and revealing description of places and situations, especially of life in the area around Chernobyl and the rise of crime in Russia under Gorbachev.  This book, which unfortunately has not been translated to English as far as I know, is the second book in what became known as Leif Davidsen's "Russian Trilogy". It may well be weakest of the three, but is still a good read, mostly because of the descriptions of how Russian and European society was coping with the breakdown of the Soviet Union and communism.  Rennie Petersen     