 I'm sorry, I just couldn't like this movie, even though I wanted to. As a long-time fan of the Modesty Blaise books and comic strips I was really hoping that they had finally gotten it right, but my conclusion is that once again they've blown it.  What worries me especially is that poor sales of this movie may result in Miramax deciding to drop the idea of making big-budget Modesty movies based on the books. And by the time Miramax's license expires ("My Name is Modesty" was primarily made to allow Miramax to hold on to the license) it may be too late. We die-hard Modesty fans are getting up in years and movie studios don't make movies for an intended audience who lives in old folks homes.  What was wrong with "My Name is Modesty"? Primarily two things: the leading character was poorly cast and the script was embarrassingly bad.  Alexandra Staden was unable to project the personality or presence necessary to be Modesty. An actress was needed who could make you feel that here was a person who had incredible self-assurance and self-control, and Alexandra Staden just didn't cut it.   On top of that, Alexandra Staden didn't have the physique to be Modesty. Nor, in my opinion (but this is very subjective), the attractive good looks.   The story was also very poor. They decided that they wanted some kind of prequel movie where Modesty would be introduced. What they came up with was a film with a very contrived here-and-now story that provided a vehicle for a large number of flashbacks to Modesty's past. But neither the story of Modesty's background nor the here-and-now story work very well.   In the background story the most important person is Lob, an old man who Modesty befriends and who becomes her tutor, teaching her everything most children learn in school and much more. Lob was a professor who spoke seven languages and had extensive knowledge of many things. So far so good - this is consistent with the books about Modesty.   But in the movie Lob is also a martial arts guru who has killed two prison guards! And yet 12-year-old Modesty has to save him from a couple of rag-tag boys who try to steal from him! Sorry, but it just doesn't work, both because it's inconsistent and because the idea of Lob being both the intellectual mentor and the martial arts teacher is too far out. (In the books Lob was totally helpless without Modesty, and Modesty first learned unarmed combat at a later time in her life.)  As for the current story, Modesty is apparently the casino owner's right-hand man, but without any indication of how or why she got this position. Miklos (the bad guy) shows up with a gang of heavily armed nasties, kills a couple of people just to prove that he is indeed the bad guy, and then sits around all night listening to Modesty tell tales of her childhood! How unrealistic and contrived can you get?  With the above problems going against it the film just doesn't make the grade.   The film was shot in only 18 days in Hungary and is very obviously a low-budget film. This I don't hold against it - if the casting of Modesty had been better and the script wasn't so dumb I would have accepted the low-budget aspect as an unfortunate fact of life and lauded the film within it's limitations.  Strangely enough, the thing I liked best about "My Name is Modesty" was the casting of Miklos, the bad guy. Nikolaj Coster-Waldau had an impossible role to play because of the poor script but he did a good job, better than Alexandra Staden's portrayal of Modesty. In fact, Nikolaj Coster-Waldau could have been a fairly good Willie Garvin. (Willie Garvin is Modesty's trusted sidekick, who enters her life a couple of years after the events shown in this movie).   The DVD includes a 50-minute interview with Peter O'Donnell, the now-retired creator of the Modesty Blaise character and author of the books and comic strips. He tells again the very moving story about his meeting with the real-life little girl who later inspired him to create Modesty Blaise. (His telling of the story is much more moving than the re-enactment that we see at the beginning of this movie.)   The DVD also includes a 40-minute interview with Quentin Tarantino, a long-time Modesty fan who is the driving force behind Miramax getting the movie rights to the character. There is also an extensive index to all of the Modesty comic strips.  Despite me giving only three stars I'm recommending this movie if you're a Modesty fan. If not, then it's best to avoid it.  Rennie Petersen     