 Sorry about the title of this review, but I just couldn't resist. I was engrossed in reading Ice Station and remarked to my wife, "Do you think that killer whales would eat U.S. Marines?" My wife, with a perfectly straight face, replied, "Oh, no, killer whales prefer SEALS!"  Ice Station is the third Matthew Reilly book that I've read, and I must admit that I didn't like it as much as the other two. I think that a certain "Matthew fatigue" has set in: Mr. Reilly's super-charged action style was fascinating at first, but after a while it gets a bit tedious.  In addition, I think that Ice Station is even more unrealistic than either Temple or Area 7, which is saying quite a lot considering how unrealistic all of Matthew Reilly's books are. Especially the diving sequences are totally crazy: diving to 3000 feet, diving bells that are open to the sea at the bottom and yet implode when a window is damaged, pills that prevent the blood from absorbing nitrogen, etc., etc.  Matthew Reilly wrote Ice Station when he was 23 years old and going to university, and I think that it shows in that this book is not as well researched and the tone is a bit immature. Both Temple and Area 7 had a more polished feel to them.  Despite my negative comments I must say that I liked the plot and think that Matthew Reilly is very good at creating and developing an imaginative story line. In fact, I wish that he'd tone down the non-stop action and instead concentrate more on the story, with treachery and surprising twists and turns, and many competing forces, each with their own agenda.  This book introduces Lieutenant Shane "Scarecrow" Schofield of the U.S. Marines, and tells the story of his background. Scarecrow returns in Area 7 and Scarecrow, and if you intend to read any of these books it would be an advantage to read them in the correct order.  In conclusion, lots and lots of non-stop (totally unrealistic) action. The three stars are mostly for the clever story line, which unfortunately is somewhat buried in the never-ending action sequences.  Rennie Petersen     