 "The Marketmaker" is a thriller by British author Michael Ridpath and set in the financial world of investment bankers and bond traders. The basic idea appeals to me because I'm curious about the financal business world and the people who work in these high-paid jobs, while at the same time I like being excited by stories of murder and mayhem.  The story in "The Marketmaker" is about Nick Elliot who joins a London bond brokerage company that specializes in Latin American bonds. Soon after he starts Nick discovers that a former employee was killed in Caracas and that there are suspicions of the laundering of drug money via secret bank accounts controlled by the company. Then, during a visit to Rio de Janeiro, Nick is attacked and almost killed himself!  Nick falls in love with Isabel, a fellow employee. Together they try to determine what is going on. Is the boss aware of the money laundering? How about the boss's nasty brother, who works as the company's "enforcer"? Then, on another trip to Rio, Isabel is kidnapped!  There is no doubt that "The Marketmaker" is exciting, a good thing for a thriller. In addition, I liked the descriptions of how bond traders and investment bankers work and live. And I loved the descriptions of Brazil in general and Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo in particular, especially the contrasts between the beautiful neighborhoods where the rich live and the terrible shantytowns where the poor live.  Unfortunately, there were quite a few aspects of the story that I found very unrealistic, and I dislike books where I can't believe in the story. I could go into detail but that might spoil the story for potential readers so I'll refrain.  Another problem for me was that I found the writing rather irritating at times. Nick Elliot tells the story in the first person, and I got very tired of his stream-of-thought recitals of how he could justify to himself some of the things he did. His hypocritical justification for getting revenge in a way that misused the trust of his two best friends and jeopardized their well-being was especially trying.  Still, "The Marketmaker" is a fairly good read, and I do like reading exciting thrillers set in the world of business and high finance. It's just too bad that it was so unrealistic and irritating.  Rennie Petersen     