 In 1988 Michael Palin starred in the amazing "Around the World in 80 Days" BBC TV program. This program was hugely popular, so a sequel had to be done, of course.  That's why Michael Palin and a film crew traveled from the North Pole to the South Pole in 1991, making a mini-series of TV programs along the way. As with the first trip, Michael Palin made extensive notes during the trip and Basil Pao took many beautiful photographs, and together they created a great book to chronicle the trip. In fact, I generally like the book versions of Michael Palin's trips better than the video/DVD versions.  The basic idea of the trip was to follow the 30 degree East line of longitude as closely as possible, which runs through Scandinavia, Central Europe and Africa. Public transportation was to be used as much as possible, and aircraft were only to be used when there was no alternative.   This trip could alternatively have been called "Extreme to Extreme". From the icy cold of the Poles (-50 C wind chill factor at the South Pole) to the blistering heat of Africa (+128 F / +54 C in Sudan). From stable democracies in Norway and Finland to Communist USSR in disarray to repressive African dictatorships. From the crowded and bustling streets of Cairo to the empty deserts in northern Africa to the Arctic wastelands. From the abject poverty of Sudan to the elegant and luxurious Blue Train in South Africa. From the shaft of a gold mine two miles below the Earth's surface to the South Pole, 10,000 feet above sea level.  As well as the usual interesting people and places and the insightful commentary that are the hallmarks of Michael Palin's trips, this trip has special historical and political aspects. Michael Palin left the USSR only a few days before the Army generals staged a coup to dislodge Gorbachev. A few days later Gorbachev was back in power and the USSR was completely unraveling.  Throughout the trip Michael Palin describes everything with charm and wit and a total lack of pretentiousness. It is this special "Palin style" that makes his travelogues and books so wonderful.  One final note: The audio version of this book is abridged! I hate abridged books, so I only give three stars to the audio version, even though Michael Palin himself reads it and he does a great job.  Rennie Petersen     