 In 2003 the National Book Foundation in the USA awarded Stephen King a "Medal for Distinguished Contribution to American Letters". This audio CD contains an introductory speech by author Walter Mosley followed by Stephen King's acceptance speech.   The total time for the CD is approx. 30 minutes, including approx. 3 minutes of applause. Incidentally, the complete text of Walter Mosley's introduction and Stephen King's acceptance speech is available on the National Book Foundation's web site.  Walter Mosley's introduction, which is about five minutes, is very good. He talks about the relevance of "horror stories" to modern people living in a safe and civilized society. Because despite modern society being relatively safe and civilized there are still many risks - just watch the news on TV. Furthermore being a human being is inherently lonely and fraught with risks of many kinds.  This inherent riskiness of human life has the effect on some of us to seek out books that let us read about ordinary people confronted with horrifying experiences arising from ordinary situations. We find it comforting that even though horror may strike us, we will hopefully, like a person in a Stephen King book, find the strength to stand up to the horror and survive it.  Stephen King's acceptance speech is approximately 20 minutes. He starts by talking for 10 minutes about how he got started as an author, largely thanks to his wife Tabitha. This story is well-known to those of us who have read Stephen King's book "On Writing".  He then spends five minutes talking about how important it is for an author to be honest, to write what he/she really means and feels. Mr. King makes the claim that he never wrote for the money, and that he finds accusations that popular writers write for the money to be insulting.  Stephen King concludes his speech by talking about how popular authors are looked down on by the literary community. He says that it is important to "build bridges" between the authorship of popular fiction writers and literary writers. He mentions Elmore Leonard, Peter Straub, Nora Lofts, Jack Ketchum, Jodi Picoult, Greg Iles, John Grisham, Dennis Lehane, Michael Connelly and Pete Hamill. I'm assuming Stephen King is recommending these authors, although he doesn't actually say this.  The bottom line is that if you're hooked on Stephen King's books then listening to this CD is entertaining and provides some interesting insights.  Rennie Petersen     