 I've read quite a few of Tom Clancy's books and liked most of them. But this one really bothered me.  The book is about an anti-terrorist group called Rainbow, and describes their training and abilities. We follow them on several of their missions where they demonstrate their talent at putting three bullets into the head of each terrorist in the wink of an eye. You see Rainbow is based on military principles, not police concepts or laws against murder, so there are no silly rules about "hands up, drop your weapon!" Just get close enough to shoot and then shoot to kill.  All well and good, and I'm sure that if I was ever taken hostage by terrorists that I'd welcome the arrival of a group of highly-skilled cold-blooded killers who would take care of my problem.  The thing that bothers me is that Tom Clancy wants us to believe that these same guys who make their living killing other human beings are loving, caring husbands and fathers, and they experience no conflict between their occupation and their family life. This is apparently very important to Clancy because he goes on and on about what wonderful family fathers all of these guys are. They're all married and all have children and all of them have the wife and kids stationed on the outskirts of the army camp where Rainbow is based.   Clancy describes, for example, how the members of Rainbow feel no regret when they come home from a hard day of slaughter. When wifey, watching the TV coverage, asks, "did you actually kill any of them?" they brush it off with, "you don't really want to know, and anyway, I'm on the side of the angels, remember?"  I don't think this is very realistic, to put it mildly. Most of what I've read about Special Forces personnel, and especially the ones who have actually been in combat and killed in the line of duty, is that they make lousy husbands and fathers. Which is OK - a civilized society needs some uncivilized nasties to keep the other nasties at bay. I just don't see why Clancy feels the need to claim that you shouldn't mind having your daughter marry one of these killers.  Clancy also wants us to believe that these guys are intellectuals. For example, Ding, the leader of one of the two Rainbow teams, has a Masters degree, and his wife is a medical doctor! And what sort of daily problems does Ding have which needs great intelligence and a Masters degree? Well, he does spend some time thinking over whether he should do more target practicing with his automatic rifle or his handgun. The art of killing terrorists is obviously something that not just any old idiot can do right!  Another aspect of the book's lack of realism has to do with the fact that being a terrorist killer is not without its risks. At one point two of the Rainbow team members get killed, and we're presumably supposed to believe that their wives and children take the loss of their loving, caring, intellectual husbands and fathers in stride. They died serving a greater cause so their loss is to be accepted. Uh-huh? And why were these loving, caring, intelligent men so dumb that they got into a line of work where there was a high chance of them turning their loving, caring, intellectual wives into widows and leaving their children fatherless?  I realize that I've focused on just one particular aspect of this book, but it's an aspect that Clancy apparently considered very important, and which I found very unrealistic and thus very irritating.  To make things worse, Clancy managed to irritate me in another way in this book. The bad guys in the book are a bunch of environmentalists who have gone off the deep end in their desire to get back to Nature. That's OK, but what I didn't like is that Clancy obviously has no use for environmentalists in general. The good guys consistently refer to all environmentalists as "tree-huggers" and imply that anybody who worries about the ozone layer or the future of our planet is stupid. A very dangerous and shortsighted attitude.  No more Tom Clancy for me for a while.  Rennie Petersen     