 Reading "Understanding Digital Photography" by Bryon Peterson is a bit like being at a family get-together, and being given a lot of good advice by friendly uncle Phil over a couple of beers. Then you later discover that friendly uncle Phil didn't know what he was talking about! It does mar what was otherwise a good experience.  What makes me think of a family get-together is the folksy, jocular tone and the amusing comparisons between technical subjects and familiar things. Here are a few of Bryan Peterson's more colorful attempts at making digital photography understandable:  - The pixels on the sensor work together like a family, like socialism, and it's too bad Stalin and Mao Tse-tung couldn't see this (pg 16).  - JPEGs are like amnesia or like AM radio or like prepared meat loaf (pg 18, 20).  - TIFFs are like elephants (pg 19).  - ISO is like caffeine, and high ISO is like bloodshot eyes (pg 22).  - Long exposure times cause the pixel family to fall apart and have a nervous breakdown (pg 78).  - Checking the background is important, although typically not done regarding the person you're going to marry (pg 96).  - Over-sharpening a picture makes it glow, which could be used to guide Santa Claus and Rudolph (pg 129).  This style of writing may appeal to some people, but it's definitely not my cup of tea.  The book is richly illustrated with a lot of photographs taken by Bryan Peterson. These pictures do a good job of presenting the various techniques being discussed, and they are all good pictures from a purely technical point of view.   However, my aesthetic opinion of most of the pictures is fairly low, i.e., they are not the kind of pictures that I'd like to be able to make someday.  Bryan Peterson favors very colorful photos, and he admits that he pushes the color saturation up on most of his pictures. The composition and subjects of many of his pictures leave a kind of artificial taste, as if the pictures were being made just for the sake of making pictures that will impress.   Of course, taste is something that is very individual, and Bryan Peterson is a successful professional photographer so there are obviously many people who like his pictures.  The most serious problem with this book is the large number of technical errors concerning digital photography. Here are some of the more serious examples:  - "... the more pixels the merrier" (pg 16). Only true up to a point.  - "Every time you open and close a JPEG file on your computer, the file degrades due to data being lost..." (pg 18). Not true, and Bryan Peterson's warnings against using JPEGs are mostly incorrect.  - White balance should always be set to "Cloudy+3" (pg 26). Poor advice, especially when photographing people because of the need to get skin colors correct.  - Landscapes should be shot at f/22 (pg 34) and macros at f/32 (pg 118). This doesn't take the light diffraction problem into account.  - Depth of field properties of a lens are independent of sensor size (pg 39 and 119). Not true.  - Noise reduction should be done last in post processing (pg 57). No, it should be done first.  - Clean the sensor with compressed air (pg 127). No, this can damage the camera.  - Take pictures under-exposed by 3 stops in order to stack 8 of them in Photoshop (pg 148). Crazy advice, you should change the opacity of the layers instead.  - "The output size of that file ... will be around 2048 x 3000 ppi (pixels per inch) ..." (pg 156). Meaningless statement.  Bryan Peterson tells us that he shot film for many years and only recently switched to digital. This book was obviously written before he had learned enough about digital photography to explain it properly.  So, I don't like the tone of the writing and I don't particularly like the pictures and I don't think Bryan Peterson's knowledge of digital photography was up to the task. What did I like about this book?  Actually, the basic concepts regarding photography that Bryan Peterson describes are good. The importance of getting the picture right when shooting it (as opposed to Photoshopping it later), the way in which aperture and shutter speed affect the picture, the importance of how a picture is illuminated and composed, the value of using a tripod; all of this material represents the core concepts of photography that need to be learned in order to be able to consistently take good pictures.  Another thing I appreciated was that Bryan Peterson says that understanding the technology isn't the most important aspect of being a good photographer. "... 99% of all successful photographic images have relied on ... setting a creatively correct exposure and ... creating a well-balanced and compelling composition" (pg 10). This book is inadvertent proof that a lack of technical knowledge does not prevent a person with the proper basic knowledge of photography from taking good pictures.  Still, for a book that is targeted at those who want to learn about digital photography, the many errors disqualify it.  Rennie Petersen     