 James McQuade, the hero of "The Land God Made in Anger", is a pretty strange character. On one hand he's a hard-drinking, lecherous guy who becomes totally overwhelmed with greed when he convinces himself (in the absence of any real evidence) that a sunken German submarine from WW II contains a large amount of loot. He's so convinced that he's about to become a millionaire that he even arranges for the disposal of the loot without any knowledge at all of what the loot consists of or how much there is, if any! Then a pretty woman shows up and McQuade goes on a five-day jaunt with her, staying drunk as much as possible and getting laid as often as possible and dreaming about the LOOT whenever he's not getting laid.   Furthermore, McQuade has no scruples about trying to recover and dispose of the loot in secret in order to avoid legal salvage problems, and no compunction about keeping a Nazi war criminal away from Mossad (who wants to send him to trial in Israel) until he (McQuade) has made use of the war criminal in his quest for the loot.  On the other hand, James McQuade is portrayed as being reasonably intelligent and compassionate and concerned about the political future of Namibia and South Africa. He is hard-working and conscientious and perseveres in the face of terrifying conditions. When the woman he has fallen in love with betrays him his anger is mixed with great amounts of sorrow. And unbelievably, when the loot turns out to be something that can be traced back to its original owner, James McQuade decides to return the loot instead of selling it on the black market and becoming rich!  So one problem with this book is that it is hard to identify with the hero, or to believe in someone who has such a mixture of good and bad characteristics. Another problem is that the book is too long, making it less enjoyable to read.  On the plus side the book tells a very exciting and interesting story, with a lot of factual information about the colonization of South Africa, Germany during WW II, the Holocaust, and modern conditions surrounding Namibia and South Africa. (One reviewer has decried the large amount of factual information, but I think that makes a book a lot more interesting.) The characters are very interesting (even if some of them are somewhat unbelievable) and include a large array of people from all walks of life in Southern Africa, plus a few from Europe and the USA.   A thriller is supposed to be exciting, and many of the sequences, especially in the sunken submarine, are indeed written in a very exciting prose. And, as suitable for a book of this kind, the good guy gets the girl in the end and the bad guy dies a horrible and well-deserved death.   I'd have given this book four stars except for the fact that the hero, James McQuade, comes across too much like a juvenile and a loser for a large part of the book. Still, it's a good read, especially if you're interested in Southern Africa or the idea of Nazi war criminals escaping Germany at the end of WW II, taking treasures with them.  Rennie Petersen     