 "Shadows of War" is the fourth book in Robert Gandt's great military action series featuring Sam "Brick" Maxwell, U.S. Navy pilot and squadron commander, flying an F/A-18 Super Hornet off the USS Ronald Reagan.  Here's a quick summary of the four books.   2001: "With Hostile Intent", dogfights over Iraq, spying in Iraq, bad eggs in the U.S. Navy.   2002: "Acts of Vengeance", dogfights over Yemen, ground battle in Yemen, submarine attack in the Gulf of Aden.   2003: "Black Star", dogfights over China and Taiwan, commando raid in China, naval battles around Taiwan.   2004: "Shadows of War", dogfights and dodging missiles over Iran, POW exchange and ground operations in the Iran/Iraq border area.   All four of these books are very exciting, and if you're a fan of military action stories then I'm sure you'll like them.   "Shadows of War" is set in the aftermath of the 2003 war in Iraq that toppled Saddam Hussein. There is no mention of Brick having participated in that war, so I guess he missed it because of his tour of duty in the China area. :-)   (It must be difficult to be the author of military action books. The audience wants stories based in real-life situations, but reality sometimes changes too fast to allow the fictitious hero to keep up.)   I liked the first half of this book a lot, and found myself reading page after page with great interest and anticipation. There are several interwoven story lines, including not just conflicts between the "good guys" and the "bad guys", but also serious internal feuding among both the good guys and the bad guys.   Unfortunately, in the last half of the book the plot becomes too contrived. A POW exchange is set up in a situation where the more logical solution would be to send in the special operations guys to rescue the American POW. Even more contrived is the way the POW exchange works out, and the consequences (or lack of consequences) for Brick Maxwell.   A major plus point in Robert Gandt's books is the level of detail and authenticity with which the flying scenes and combat operations are described. Mr. Gandt makes you feel that he really knows what he's talking about, and that makes his books very satisfying.   So here we have the unfortunate contradiction: Great realism in the action descriptions and not-so-great realism in the general story.   Another detraction (and contrived aspect) is the way the husband of Brick's girlfriend had a major role in the story, and especially the way he kept turning up every time Brick and the girlfriend had a date. The entire romance story is unnecessary in my opinion (this is a military action book - who needs romance?), and trying to add excitement to the romance story by having the husband pop up repeatedly struck me as silly.   Still, the pluses outweigh the minuses, and that's why I'm giving four stars to "Shadows of War", along with my recommendation.   Rennie Petersen     