 "Acts of Vengeance" is the second book in Robert Gandt's "Brick Maxwell" series of novels, and the best one of the three that I've read so far. There's lots of really great combat action, lots of excitement, and a plot that provides quite a bit of suspense.  The action takes place in and around Yemen in the Middle East, where Brick Maxwell is commanding a squadron of F/A-18 Hornets flying off the aircraft carrier USS Ronald Reagan. In addition to the usual conflicts between the American forces and some local "bad guys" there are also some serious conflicts between various American interests. In other words, some of the "good guys" are causing just as many problems as the "bad guys".  Combat scenes are taking place in the air, on the ground, and at sea. There are some great dogfights between the American F/A-18 Hornets and F-14 Tomcats on one side and some Russian-built MiG-29 Fulcrums on the other side. Meanwhile, a Marine Expeditionary Unit has been ambushed on the ground and is fighting for its life against a much larger number of attackers. And last but not least, out in the Gulf of Aden a Russian-built Kilo class submarine is silently stalking the USS Ronald Reagan, getting ready to fire four torpedoes at point-blank range!  The description of how the submarine slowly closes in on the unsuspecting USS Ronald Reagan provides some of the best suspense I've experienced in a military combat novel in a long time. And Robert Gandt's descriptions of all of the various kinds of combat ring true, making it all the more exciting.  On the other hand, the plot is pretty unrealistic for several reasons, and this detracts from the enjoyment of the story. To start with, the idea of Americans who are willing to cozy up to an Arab revolutionary leader who is responsible for the death of two US Navy Admirals and an American ambassador is pretty crazy.   Another plot element that wasn't explained (or else I missed it) is the question of who was financing this Arab revolutionary. Operating a private army isn't cheap, especially when they have six MiG-29's and loads of high-tech weapons and communications gear, etc. So where did the money come from?  Also on the negative side is the fact that the characters are rather stereotyped. This is par for the course for military action thrillers, but Stephen Coonts has demonstrated that it's actually possible to write techno-thrillers populated with real people.  The bottom line is that the positives far outweigh the negatives. So if you like military action books with lots of excitement and suspense then I can recommend Robert Gandt's "Acts of Vengeance".  Rennie Petersen     