 I really loved "The Da Vinci Code" when I first read it a month ago. I devoured 20 pages every evening, and every evening I looked forward to my next fix. Dan Brown has created a really exciting thriller, and what makes it especially appealing is that it is based on a lot of historical information that I found very interesting. Although "The Da Vinci Code" is fiction, Dan Brown writes in a prolog the following: "FACT: ... All descriptions of artwork, architecture, documents and secret rituals in this novel are accurate." This added to my liking of the book, convincing me that Dan Brown really was providing a thriller built around a factual framework. Last week I was in Paris, and decided to bring "The Da Vinci Code" with me and to relive some of the exciting Paris scenes "on site", so to speak.  My first stop was the church of Saint-Sulpice. Sure enough, the "rose line" described by Dan Brown was there, strange as it sounded from the description in the book. Sitting in the huge old church and listening to the beautiful organ music while rereading the relevant chapters of "The Da Vinci Code" was quite an experience! On to the Louvre, with the expectation of an even greater feeling of being right there where the (fictitious) action had occurred. But there I encountered the sad truth: Dan Brown's descriptions of various aspects of the Louvre are simply false. The most blatant and problematic discrepancy concerns "La Pyramide Inverse", which plays an important role in the book. According to "The Da Vinci Code" this inverted pyramid is situated within the Louvre, such that one passes it after entering the main pyramid and going from there to the Denon Wing of the Louvre. Also, the tip of this inverted pyramid is described as being six feet from the floor below it, and the tiny pyramid below the inverted pyramid is described as looking like it protrudes up from down below the floor. Reality is quite different. "La Pyramide Inverse" is actually outside of the Louvre building proper. It is in the middle of an underground shopping mall between the two wings of the Louvre, between a Virgin Megastore (CD's, DVD's, etc.) and an Esprit shop (fashion clothes). Furthermore, it actually comes down to about three feet from the floor, and the tiny pyramid under it looks like it just sits on top of the floor. The other major discrepancy concerns the way Dan Brown describes how Robert Langdon and Sophie Neveu meet in a public lavatory in the Louvre. The book says, "Here at the westernmost tip of the Denon Wing, the north-south thoroughfare of Place du Carrousel ran almost flush with the building with only a narrow sidewalk separating it from the Louvre's outer wall." Wrong again. There are no public lavatories at the western tip of the Denon Wing. The north-south street that goes around Place du Carrousel does not go past the western tip of the Louvre, it cuts through the Louvre in the middle of the two wings. But there aren't any public lavatories there either so the action that is described as taking place there is not possible. Nit-picking? Perhaps. But if Dan Brown is cutting corners with "facts" that he proclaimed to be correct, what about the rest of the historical facts that made the book so interesting? Did he make up or modify these facts too? The assumption that this is probably the case has become unavoidable for me, and this reduces my liking of the book significantly.  There are a lot of other details in "The Da Vinci Code" that I found incorrect or very unlikely when I first read the book, but none of them fell into the category of something that Dan Brown had claimed to be authentic. However, the architecture of the Louvre is specified as being correct, and it isn't, and that's where credibility is damaged, and the appeal of the book as being a great thriller based on a framework of reality is also damaged.     