 "Avenger" is the kind of book where the author worked very hard to create a story where the hero and the bad guys play out a long and complicated confrontation. When the author finally typed "THE END" he/she sat back and thought, "The readers will love this! They'll laud the hero for being so ingenious and forceful, and they'll laud me for having written this masterpiece!"  In reality, after reading "THE END" most readers will put down the book and think, "Too contrived! The plot is too contrived and the confrontation too unlikely. The chances of everything happening the way the author describes it are nil!"  Examples of the contrivedness (is there such a word?) of the story in "Avenger":  - The bad guy is in 2001 a high-powered international arms dealer who flies around in his own private business jet, yet in 1995 he was the militia leader of a ragtag group of 10 drunken thugs.  - The bad guy has a supposedly high-security fortress-like hideout, except that he prefers to have 1500 "residents", most of whom are forced laborers who do farming, including food processing and running a butchery, implying to me a security nightmare.  - This high-security fortress-like hideout is protected in various ways, but something as simple as motion detectors or IR sensors are not used.  - The good guy is a 51-year-old Vietnam veteran who just happens to have previously befriended two people who have the very special talents he now needs to help him in his confrontation with the bad guy.  As well as being too contrived the story is too slow. The entire first half of the book is mainly just background information for the story.  On the other hand, I think that some of the background information is the most interesting part of the book. I was especially fascinated by the descriptions of the "Tunnel Rats" in the U.S. Army during the Vietnam War and by the explanations of the breakdown of ex-Yugoslavia and the various wars there.  One rather interesting twist in the story is the date on which the story ends: Sept. 10, 2001. It's not really significant to the story, but it does make you think about the stakes involved.  In conclusion I'll just echo what many of the other reviewers have said: Not one of Frederick Forsyth's best, but still fairly readable.  Rennie Petersen     