 I like Dan Brown's thrillers because they're fast moving and have interesting plots with surprising twists and with puzzles that have to be solved. Also, the main protagonists are intelligent and educated people, and the stories, at least in part, take place in an environment where educated people interact.  Another attraction with Dan Brown's books is that the stories delve into fields of learning that are interesting. In "Digital Fortress" it's cryptography and computing, in "Deception Point" it's politics and the physics of materials, and in "Angels and Demons" and "The Da Vinci Code" it's the history (and present state) of the Roman Catholic Church.  "Digital Fortress" really appealed to me because of the interesting twists in the plot. It's not too difficult to guess who the bad guy is, but he and the other characters all spend most of the book working against each other under false pretenses! A pretty neat trick!  But even though I liked "Digital Fortress" a lot I'm withholding the fifth star. There are several reasons...  Firstly, the bad guy died rather prematurely in chapter 105. The story then continues for an additional 23 chapters to a climax, but a climax where the good guys are locked in combat with a computer virus inexorably counting down to doing some digital nastiness. This just isn't as captivating as a man-vs.-man climax.  Secondly, I was turned off by Dan Brown's introduction of the main protagonist, Susan Fletcher: "Susan stared in amazement." (pg 44) "Susan's jaw dropped." "Susan was flabbergasted." (pg 45) "Susan almost fell out of her chair. 'What?'" (pg 47) "Susan gaped." "'What?' Susan collapsed back in her chair." (pg 48) Is this really how Dan Brown thinks a 38-year-old woman with an IQ of 170 and holding a top-level job at NSA (National Security Agency) acts? Good grief!  Thirdly, if you, like me, know a lot about computers then you'll find it very annoying that Dan Brown got so many technology things wrong. There are simply tons of computer-related errors in the plot details.   The most blatant mistake is the idea that an encryption program that only exists as a file encrypted by itself (the non-encrypted encryption program had been willfully erased!) could be retrieved if you knew the pass-key! This corresponds to having a safe and locking one of the two keys inside the safe and then destroying the second key - the safe can never be opened even though one key still exists!  Still, "Digital Fortress" is an exciting thriller and I became quite engrossed in it, despite the various problems I had with the plot and the characters.  Rennie Petersen     