 Goliath tells a very exciting story that keeps you reading despite all the faults, and I see Steve Alten as a fairly good writer who does provoke you and who presents many interesting ideas.  But what kind of book is Goliath? Is Goliath a techno-thriller with many battle scenes involving high-tech weaponry? In particular, are there several submarine vs. submarine battles reminiscent of "The Hunt for Red October"? Or is Goliath a science fiction book set in the near future (2009) and containing many futuristic devices and an artificial intelligence computer somewhat like HAL in "2001: A Space Odyssey"? Or is Goliath an action novel starring an ex- U.S. Army Rangers officer who survives many fights due to his training and strength and knowledge of weapons and explosives? Or is Goliath a horror story with blood-dripping scenes involving humans getting limbs ripped off, being chained down and having the top of their scull surgically removed, and having electrodes attached to their exposed brain? Is there a scene where a person gets electrocuted, with a graphic description of what happens to his body that would make Stephen King proud? Or is Goliath a sociological treatise with long discussions between the characters as to the causes of war and violence, and many debates about what can be done to make humans better people and to reduce human suffering? The answer, unfortunately, is that Goliath is ALL of the above. And to me it is a problem when an author tries to mix five different styles into one book. Even if you do happen to like books that combine the many different styles mentioned above I don't think you'll find Goliath all that great a book. The story seems too contrived and there are too many aspects of the plot that are just too incredible and illogical. A few examples: Pacifists who propose using violence and death to eradicate violence, a man who says "you were like a son to me" to the man he used to send on high-risk missions, and a computer scientist who doesn't get worried for his own safety when he discovers that the computer has killed one of the other crew members. There is also a bit too much of a self-righteous tone to the whole book. And then there are the many annoying detail errors that a good editor should have caught and corrected. I'll just mention a few, but there are more: Pg. 33: Rocky expelling air from her lungs - not possible. Pg. 288: Depleted uranium very radioactive - no. Pg. 293: "most of Afghanistan had been wiped off the map" - no. Pg. 323: "I found the Chaw" - no he hadn't - and the name is spelled wrong. In conclusion, my advice to Steve Alten would be to focus on only one or two book styles instead of spreading himself over five styles in one book. And I think he should find a better editor. Rennie Petersen     