 Joseph Stiglitz, the author of "Globalization and Its Discontents", is a renowned professor of economics. From 1993 to 1996 he served on President Bill Clinton's Council of Economic Advisors, and from 1997 to 1999 he was Chief Economist and Senior Vice President at the World Bank. Then in 2001 he won the Nobel Prize for Economics.  So Mr. Stiglitz' credentials are certainly in order.  Unfortunately, Mr. Stiglitz' book does not do a very good job of conveying his opinions to the general public, which is presumably why he wrote the book.  "Globalization and Its Discontents" tries to be accessible to the average person but it fails in several ways. It is too academic to be easily readable, and at the same time not sufficiently documented, leaving the skeptical reader feeling unconvinced. And on top of it all the book is very boring and there is way too much repetition.  In other words, I'm not disagreeing with Joseph Stiglitz' message (it sounds reasonable to me, although I don't feel qualified to judge complex economic questions), but I find the message very poorly presented. Which is a shame, as the message is a very important one that deserves the attention of all of us, and our attention should hopefully influence the policies of international finance.  Too academic? The book is not a research article, but it still includes an index, footnotes and notes at the back. Which is OK for me, but my guess is that this will make the book intimidating for much of the intended audience.  Too poorly documented? A large portion of this book consists of descriptions of various economic problems in various places in the world during the 1990's, and how poorly these situations were handled by the IMF (International Monetary Fund). But it is all presented in very general terms, and there are no hard facts or precise details or tables of comparative numbers. So you feel that you have to take Mr. Stiglitz' descriptions on trust to a larger extent than should be necessary.  Too boring? This is perhaps the worst failing of "Globalization and Its Discontents". My estimate is that the ratio of people who start reading this book vs. the number who actually read it to the end is probably at least 4 to 1. Which is unfortunate, as the last chapter, in which Mr. Stiglitz presents his recommendations for how the conditions for international economy should be changed, is the most important part of the book.  What Mr. Stiglitz should have done was to tell a certain number of very specific stories that illustrate the message that he is trying to get across. Stories about real people and real companies, with exact dates and details and numbers. This would provide the excitement and interest to make people keep reading, while increasing the credibility of the message.  For example, tell the story of the Russians who took over the natural gas production and how they became billionaires. Tell the story of a certain Indonesian family whose small business was destroyed by the IMF's policies and the consequences for them. Tell the story of a real-estate magnate in Thailand and how he went from rags to riches and back to rags again. People want to read about people, not vague talk about how the GDP in Indonesia went down by 10%.  As mentioned above, Joseph Stiglitz is very critical of the IMF. In fact, he is very, very, very critical of the IMF, with page after page placing the blame for serious economic problems on the IMF's policies.   The copy of this book that I read included an "Afterword to the Penguin Edition". In it Mr. Stiglitz describes the launch of the hardcover edition of the book at the World Bank on June 28, 2002: "... representatives of the [IMF] decided to engage in an ad hominem attack, to the embarrassment not only of the economists at the World Bank who had come to see real engagement, but also to the IMF staffers who attended. The IMF attack gave those who were there a chance to see firsthand the IMF's arrogance and disdain for people who disagree with its perspectives."  Too bad there isn't a Nobel Prize for mudslinging. If there was then Joseph Stiglitz and the IMF could probably share it at the next presentation ceremony.  Rennie Petersen     