 The problem with this book is that the author isn't trying to tell a story. Instead, he has a MESSAGE that he wants to get across to the reader: American airlines aren't treating their passengers the way they should, and this is going to backfire on them sooner or later.  In order to push this message the author had to concoct a story that would bear out the message. And this he did, but the story is too unrealistic to be believed, and it even contains several inconsistencies that highlight how unbelievable and poorly constructed the plot is.  Inconsistency no. 1: The plane lands in Katsina in Nigeria in the middle of a battle between rebels led by Jean Onitsa and the Nigerian government troops. Onitsa stages a mock hostage taking of the passengers and demands ransom money from the USA and the Nigerian government. But this mock hostage taking will only work if the pilot of the airplane either backs up Onitsa's claims or at least does not dispute Onitsa's claims that he has taken the passengers as hostages. Onitsa had no way of expecting this to be the case, so the whole idea of the mock hostage taking is crazy. (In fact the airplane happens to have a radio failure so the pilot is unable to dispute Onitsa's claims and Onitsa succeeds in getting a $10 million ransom from the Nigerian government! But Onitsa had no way of knowing there would be a radio failure, so Onitsa's "clever" stunt makes no sense.)  Inconsistency no. 2: James Haverston, an airline employee at Heathrow airport, is worried about one of the passengers, Brian Logan, and checks him out on the airline's computer database. The next day he gets a frantic call from Washington. Does Haverston recall anything special about a passenger named Logan? If there was a problem with passenger Logan it is VERY important that Haverston confirms it. But by then Haverston has forgotten the name of the passenger he was worried about the day before, and therefore refuses to confirm that he had a run-in with a passenger named Logan, even though he would otherwise like to help the man in Washington. In reality all Haverston needs to do is to check the flight's passenger list to get Logan's first name and then to check the database again, at which point he would recognize Brian Logan's history and could confirm his encounter with Brian Logan.  A more general inconsistency or unbelievable twist in the plot has to do with the relationship between Brian Logan and the pilot. Logan, with much justification, becomes more and more antagonistic towards the pilot, and inspires an uprising among the passengers against the pilot. At one point they even try to break into the cockpit by force. The pilot is equally antagonistic towards Logan and the passengers. But then suddenly and without much justification they settle their differences and start cooperating! One gets the feeling that the author felt that he had gone too far and wanted to steer towards a Hollywood happy ending, and that's what he wrote, with Logan and the pilot becoming friends at the end! But considering the pent-up situation and the degree of enmity between Logan and the pilot their sudden reconciliation rings very false.  I've just talked about some of the negative aspects of the book so far. To conclude this review I'll just say that if you can ignore these problems with the plot and the author's promoting of his message then the book is fairly good and keeps you reading. So it's definitely not a total failure.  Rennie Petersen     