 I must admit that reviewing Temple isn't easy for me.  My usual reviewing style is to pan a book for minor inconsistencies in the plot or for unrealistic characters or for a lack of accuracy in information presented as being historically correct. By these standards Temple deserves one star (at most).  But here I am giving Temple four stars despite it being the most blatantly unrealistic and totally improbable book I've ever read!  The operative words here are BLATANTLY unrealistic. And FUN.  Reading a book by Matthew Reilly is like going to a liars convention, where the person who tells the most outlandish, unbelievable, crazy, entertaining story is the winner.  William Race, the hero of Temple, spends approximately 750 pages in constant action, fighting for his life, running for his life, dodging bullets and surviving one disaster after another, always at the very last "nanosecond" (one of Mr. Reilly's favorite words). William Race does things that are not just improbable but totally impossible. He cheats death every 10th page and spends the next nine pages getting into a situation that has only one possible outcome: certain death!  Several other reviewers have characterized Matthew Reilly's books as "comic books in words". Exactly! They can also be compared to the old Batman TV shows, where the screen explodes with a "POW" when one of the characters punches another character.   Here's an example of Matthew Reilly's prose (page 434 in the paperback edition I read):  "Race hit him again, and again, and again - yelling with each punch as the Nazi staggered backwards. 'Get -' Punch. '- off -' Punch. '- my -' Punch. '- boat!'"  In conclusion, totally unrealistic, totally improbable and 100% entertaining!  At the end of the paperback edition I read there's an 11-page interview with Matthew Reilly that I found quite interesting. Mr. Reilly is very up-front about writing books that attempt to pack as much action as possible between the covers, and he also describes how he became an author:  "What led you to self-publish Contest (Matthew Reilly's first book)?"  "Simple. I offered it to every major publisher in Sydney and they all rejected it!"  Sounds like something so improbable that it could be straight out of a Matthew Reilly book. :-)  Rennie Petersen     