 Much has been written and seen about the Beatles landing in America.  After winning many fans over worldwide prior to February of 1964, the Beatles were ready to conquer the U.S. although they were not quite prepared for the overwhelming response they received once they arrived.  Originally intended for a UK audience, the Maysles brothers' documentary follows the Beatles from the very moment they landed at JFK airport until they departed for home some two weeks later. Included are highlights from the Beatles' performances on the Ed Sullivan Show as well as portions of their first American concert at the Washington Coliseum. Behind the scenes footage from the hotel rooms, the Peppermint Lounge (for a night on the town), press photo shoots, and on the train to (and from) Washington, D.C. give an idea of how amazingly close the Maysles brothers were to the center of it all. Their landmark style of creating documentaries provides an amazing "fly on the wall" perspective.  There is no narration and there are no formal interviews.  The film lets the event speak for itself as it captures the action quite naturally and spontaneously.  Nothing is staged and the film provides a most intimate look at the Beatles' interaction with each other as well as with the excitement of Beatlemania.  For those of us born too late to witness and experience the mania, this is our link to the past and a glimpse at the beginning of a very important revolution in pop music and culture. The re-release of this noteworthy documentary provides a noticeable improvement over the original version.  There is now an audio commentary by Albert Maysles.  Furthermore, there is a 51-minute interview with him which includes his presentation of a handful of outtakes from the original film.  One notable highlight of the personal interview includes Maysles' discussion of how his camera was accidentally turned on at the Washington Coliseum concert.  Without a second thought, he propped it up on his shoulder (without security seeing him).  His brief footage provides a very rare view of how a Beatle fan saw and "heard" the Beatles play.  It's very clear from the footage that fans interested in listening to the show simply could not do so.  Other intriguing highlights include recorded comments from teenagers and adults on the street and at JFK airport. The drawbacks to be noted about this DVD are the result of other previous DVD releases including the Ed Sullivan Presents the Beatles DVD set and The Beatles Anthology.  The Sullivan set contains ALL of the shows in their entirety while this release only includes portions of shows.  The Anthology set contains a good segment of the Coliseum concert taken from an absolutely pristine film print and not the more common well-worn copy.  This release still contains the worn footage.  It would have been nice to see a bonus feature containing the complete Coliseum concert from the master print.  However, this DVD is the original documentary and the integrity is maintained throughout.  It's important to note that the Maysles brothers did not have permission to film in either the CBS studios for the Sullivan shows or in the Washington Coliseum. (One other highlight on the extra footage is Paul McCartney trying to come to the brothers' aid when security blocked them from the CBS studio for the first show.)  A color booklet is included with a handful of photos and quotes from each of the Beatles; however, perhaps Apple could have designed a better booklet to include reprints of news articles and reviews from 1964, transcripts of Beatle interviews, and, perhaps, a reprint of the diary of events from Mark Lewishon's Beatles Chronicle. This is definitely a treat for Beatle fans and a great example of how to produce a quality documentary.  I also recommend the Maysles brothers' production, Gimme Shelter, where they capture the exciting and controversial events surrounding the Rolling Stones 1969 tour, including the tragedy at Altamont.     