 Once again, Warner Brothers has not failed to please many Looney Tunes fans.  This is, arguably, the best of the three collections.  This set is loaded.  The gems here are once again restored, uncut and uncensored (and introduced wonderfully by Whoopi Goldberg).  The majority of the cartoons deserve mention, but here are some of the gems on Volume 3:  "Birds Anonymous" - A local chapter of "Birds Anonymous" attempts to help Sylvester get over his insatiable appetite for Tweety.  ("From now on, my motto is birds is strictly for the birds.")  "Bowery Bugs" - A rarely seen classic shows Bugs trying to sell the Brooklyn Bridge by telling the story of the unlucky Steve Brodie who drove himself insane trying to find a rabbit's foot...naturally, one belonging to Bugs.  "Bye, Bye, Bluebeard" -  A hysterical cartoon where Porky fears for his safety after learning that the infamous villain, Bluebeard (6 feet, 11 inches), is on the loose.  A pesky house mouse is dead-set on taking advantage of the situation.  "Claws for Alarm" - A traveling Porky and a petrified Sylvester spend the night in room 13 in an abandoned hotel.  The house mice have definite plans to scare Sylvester silly.  ("Tell me, Sylvester.  Is there any insanity in your family?")  "Draftee Daffy" - A wartime favorite featuring a scared Daffy Duck desperately trying to avoid the little man from the draft board. ("Well, now, I wouldn't say THAT!")  "Duck! Rabbit, Duck!" -  Another classic "Rabbit season! Duck season!" cartoon with Bugs, Daffy, and Elmer.  Bugs convinces Elmer it's Goat Season, Dirty Skunk Season, Pigeon Season, and Mongoose Season...of course, all at Daffy's expense.  Finally, even though it's the dead of winter, Elmer is somehow convinced...it's baseball season.  "Easter Yeggs" - Bugs takes over delivering Easter eggs for an apathetic and lazy Easter rabbit only to discover a few confrontations along the way including a temperamental child and a hungry Elmer Fudd.  Loaded with classic lines. ("You'll give the Easter rabbit a bad name."  "I already HAVE a bad name for the Easter rabbit.")  "Egg Scramble" - Our favorite old chicken, Prissy, thinking she has laid her first egg (thanks to a gag by needling hens), tries to rescue it after farmer Porky sends it to market.  Porky then finds himself trying to rescue Prissy.  "Falling Hare" - A wonderful wartime era cartoon featuring Bugs doing battle with an airplane gremlin, a creature of World War II lore.  ("Sorry, folks.  We ran out of gas." "Eh, you know how it is with these A cards.")  "A Gruesome Twosome" - Two neighborhood cats (including one that resembles Jimmy Durante) fight it out to win the hand of a flattered female feline...by catching Tweety for her. ("Aw! The poor puddy tats! They fall down. Go BOOOM!")  "Hare Do" - Elmer is yet again after Bugs, who eventually leads Elmer into a very crowded movie theatre where the hunt intensifies. The results are hysterical, especially when Bugs plays with the "INTERMISSION" switch.  "A Hare Grows in Manhattan" - Bugs, the star, tells of his rise to fame to a magazine reporter.  The story features his bout with a local gang of neighborhood dogs. ("Dog pile on the rabbit!!")  "Hare Tonic" - A timeless classic where Elmer, bringing home Bugs from the market, wants to prepare a rabbit stew.  Of course, Bugs has other ideas, and he heckles Elmer endlessly convincing him that he is contaminated with Rabbititus. ("Mammy's widdle baby woves wabbits, wabbits.  Mammy's widdle baby woves wabbit stew.")   "Hillbilly Hare" - Two hillbilly brothers (of the Martin family) are out to shoot Bugs while they're in the middle of a feud with the McCoys.  This classic ends with the most hilarious square dance ever. ("Now don't you cuss and don't you swear; just come right out and form a square.")  "Homeless Hare" - An obnoxious construction worker tries to oust Bugs from his hole in the ground to make way for a new high-rise.  Bugs' perfect placement of a red hot rivet finally ends the battle. ("Well, Toodles!  Do I get my home back or do I hafta get tough?")  "The Mouse That Jack Built" - A classic spoof of the "The Jack Benny Program" featuring the characters as mice.  Jack Benny's star voice and appearance in this cartoon make it an all time classic.  "Odor-able Kitty" - Our favorite love-starved character, Pep le Pew, chases an abused cat who has disguised himself as a skunk to live a more content life.  The cat decides that it's better to live with the abuse.  "Porky and Teabiscut" - This classic 1939 short has Porky getting his hands on an old racehorse that he intends to enter in the Steeplechase to win a whopping $11...with, of course, hilarious results.  "Porky's Birthday Party" - A wonderful 1938 cartoon where Porky receives a highly productive silk worm from his uncle for his birthday; unfortunately, the silk worm proves to be too much of a handful (and mouthful) at Porky's birthday celebration.  "Porky Pigs Feat" - A classic, hilarious cartoon, where Porky and Daffy (who squandered his money playing dice) try to sneak out of the Broken Arms Hotel without paying the bill.  Not even Bugs Bunny can come to the rescue.  "Porky's Road Race" - Porky, the hero, is determined to win the grand prize in a road race going against some prolific personalities including Laurel and Hardy, Charlie Chaplin, W.C. Fields, Greta Garbo, and the villain, Frankenstein (driving car number 13).  "Porky's Romance" - A great 1937 cartoon featuring an infatuated Porky trying to woo and propose to an undeserving Petunia Pig.  His "vision" of the future, however, doesn't prove to be pleasant, and he thinks twice.  "Rabbit Punch" - Bugs dukes it out with The Crusher in a hilarious boxing match. ("Me and my big mouth.")  "Robin Hood Daffy" - Not much needs to be said about this timeless classic featuring Daffy as Robin Hood and Porky as Friar Tuck.  Daffy's attempts to prove himself are futile...and funny. ("Yikes and away!!!)  "Super-Rabbit" - A classic wartime cartoon that has a noted scientist turning Bugs into Super Rabbit, determined to beat his nemesis Cottontail Smith who's out to destroy all rabbits ("Firecracker, firecracker, sis boom bah!!  Bugs Bunny! Bugs Bunny! Rah, rah, rah!!)  "Swooner Crooner" - In this wartime classic, Porky has to figure out a way to get his hens to start laying eggs again at the Flockheed Eggcraft Factory after all of them are "swooned" from their jobs by a rooster who croons exactly like Frank Sinatra.  The answer...a rooster who croons exactly like Bing Crosby.  "Wackiki Wabbit" -  A Chuck Jones classic featuring two starving castaways (caricatures of two writers who worked at Warner Brothers) and their attempts to cook Bugs, the only "food" on the island.  In the end, Bugs escapes the island, leaving the two desperate enough to try and eat each other.   "Walky Tawky Hawky" - The chicken hawk is after a chicken but doesn't know whether it's Foghorn Leghorn, a farm dog...or a horse.  ("One of these things...I say one of these things has got to be a chicken!")  "The Windblown Hare" - Bugs find himself swindled by the Three Little Pigs who sell him both their straw and wood houses.  He's soon in an hysterical confrontation with the Big Bad Wolf.  But, Bugs and the Wolf have the last laugh.  The remaining cartoons are icing on the cake.  They include a handful from the classic eras of the thirties and forties, and they are splendidly restored.  Some feature early incarnations of Daffy Duck, Egghead (who later evolved into Elmer Fudd), Porky, Beans the Cat, and Oliver Owl. There are also other wonderful shorts that caricaturize movie stars and spoof classic radio programs of the day.  They are simply too numerous to mention.  There are other priceless features:  *	"Sinkin' In the Bathtub" (originally intended for the second volume, this is the first theatrical Warner Brothers cartoon) *	"It's Got Me Again" (one of the earliest "cat chases mouse" cartoons) *	Philbert (a television show pilot that included Friz Freleng animation as a vital component; unfortunately, neither the pilot nor the series aired) *	Three rare World War II shorts featuring Private Snafu: "Spies", "Rumors", and "Snafuperman" *	Rare World War II reels (e.g. one that discusses rationing) using Warner Brothers animation *	"What's up, Doc? A Salute to Bugs Bunny" - a nice documentary *	"Chuck Amuck" - a nice documentary on Chuck Jones  Wonderful commentaries and other features such as Behind the Tunes, bridging sequences, and other audio sequences yet again enhance the set.  Please keep them coming and let's hope that Volume 4 is just as packed.     