 This is a long-awaited release for long-time and hardcore fans and is bound to be a pleasure for first-time fans.  "Let It Be...Naked" is everything that the original Phil Spector produced version claimed to be...but was not.  While the original "Let It Be" liner notes proclaim, "In comes the warmth and freshness of a live recording," it simply fails to provide that experience for many Beatle fans.  This version certainly does in a most phenomenal way. Producers Paul Hicks, Guy Massey, and Allan Rouse were given a free hand when compiling this version, creating yet a third mix of this album, the first (never officialy released) by Glyn Johns, the second by Spector.  Like the two previous producers, they worked with the original source tapes from EMI, but the use of modern technology was at their disposal.  You hear the tracks stripped down to their essential components -- instruments and vocals.  Tape hiss has been removed from the Savile Row studio tracks (which includes a shortened version of "Get Back" used for the original "Let It Be" album).  "Wind noise" (along with tape hiss and other extraneous noise) has been removed from the four tracks compiled from the legendary rooftop concert tapes: "Dig A Pony", "I've Got A Feeling", "One After 909", and "Don't Let Me Down,"  which has been added to the running order for the first time.  None of Spector's touches are evident here including the insertion of dialogue between some tracks.  Most obvious is the absence of strings and choirs Definite highlights on this disc are "The Long and Winding Road" appearing in quality here that even surpasses the Anthology 3 version.  "For You Blue" is outstanding and presented in a way that would have undoubtedly pleased George Harrison who even considered stripping down his own album "All Things Must Pass", co-produced by Phil Spector.  The sound quality on this album is such that you are hearing a live performance, that you are actually there watching and listening to the Beatles play. The second disc with studio chatter and dialogue is probably dispensable but was probably inevitable for this release given the hundreds and hundreds of bootlegs that are flooding the market.  The color booklet is a joy since it includes excerpts (pictures and transcripts) from Ethan Russell's book which accompanied the original release of "Let It Be" in England, yet never released in the U.S.  I believe this release would have been as signifcant and impressive with just the single disc. Purists will argue that the original version is the true version.  The surrounding historical perspectives, arguably, support that claim.  But the "truth" is that, from another historical perspective, in the absence of business pressures, the original version is something that the Beatles probably would have thought twice about releasing.  This new version of "Let It Be" provides a view of the Beatles diluted, if not obstructed, by the first version (as well as by the accompanying film) -- working well together and being creative.  It's only fair that with Harrison's (and Lennon's) passing that "the other side of the coin" be shown.     