 Charles Schulz.  In one word...genius.  It may be safe to say that I learned much about life from Peanuts.  At the very least, I was able to see the humor in it.  It's definitely safe to say that Charles Schulz is my all-time hero for one reason: an ordinary man through a simple medium was able to affect so many people by making them aware of what it means to live and what it means to be human.  This is the obvious reason why Schulz's work transcends what we perceive to be unbreakable boundaries -- race, class, and language.  Reaching 355 million readers worldwide is a breathtaking, if not, unbelievable accomplishment. This book (the expanded edition in paperback) is well worth the buy.  I bought the original hardcover copy, but the expanded edition includes a few more gems from the Schulz family vaults and the asking price is, of course, more incentive to lay your money down.  While this is not a collection of comic strips proper, that is, strictly page after page of strips for the collector, it provides a most fascinating glimpse to the early days of the strip and the development of characters with whom we identify and whom we adore.  Granted, there was a lot to put in this book. so many of the early strips are reduced in size and "horded" onto a single page, but it's worth the sacrifice to "squint" and take a peek at them.  Many of these have not been reproduced and have not been seen in years. The book is a unique glimpse into the work of a man who simply wanted to be remembered for creating great cartoons and pleasing people.  It's nice to know that whenever life "get rough", we can retreat to Peanuts and laugh at ourselves.  If you love Peanuts or want to pass on Schulz's legacy to others who are interested, buy this book, even though it's not a comprehensive collection or laid out the way a normal collection of strips would be.  Consider this book a enjoyable "warm-up" for a major event -- the release of the ENTIRE Peanuts collection, complete and in chronological order starting April, 2004,  from Fantagraphics Books.  Pay them a visit on the web or search Amazon for The Complete Peanuts for more information.  This is Peanuts lover's dream come true.     