 Given the vast number of vintage cartoons in the Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies vault, there has yet to be a fairly comprehensive collection of sets or one well-constructed video library that would satisfy Looney Tunes fans (including completists).  However, this set is a good start and hopefully the beginning of further major releases of classic Warner Brothers cartoons. The most immediately noticeable characteristic of this set is the absolutely amazing restoration process used on these UNCUT gems. Each has beautiful color, clarity, and sound.  Definite highlights are: "Bugs Bunny Gets the Boid" (Bugs has fun with a less-than-enthusiastic and slow vulture named Killer.) "Bully for Bugs" (Bugs should have made that left turn at Albuquerque.  Instead, he's forced to outsmart a stubborn bull in a hysterical cartoon.) "Bunker Hill Bunny" (Bugs slugs it out with Yosemite Sam to defend his fort at all cost. "I got ya outnumbered one to one.") "Canned Feud" (An absent-minded couple forget to put out Sylvester before going on vacation.  Thus, he is at the mercy of a house mouse to try and get something to eat. "Quick! Gimme the can opener!!") "Dough for the Do-Do" (One of the wackiest cartoons featuring Porky Pig and a color remake of an earlier black-and-white `Porky in Wackyland.') "Drip Along Daffy" (Self-appointed Sheriff Daffy along with Deputy Porky Pig encounters Nasty Canasta...and Porky wins the fight.) "Duck Amuck" (Bugs the animator has fun with a frustrated Daffy.) "Duck Dodgers in the 24 1/2th Century" (Daffy and Porky in a classic meeting with Marvin the Martian.) "Hair Raising Hare" (Bugs' encounter with our favorite orange-haired monster...with sneakers.) "Haredevil Hare" (First appearance of Marvin the Martian and his green dog ... with sneakers.) "Long-Haired Hare" (Bugs gets revenge on an uptight and mean Giovanni Jones at his Hollywood Bowl concert.) "Putty Tat Trouble" (Sylvester and a rival kitty duke it out with Tweety as the grand prize.) "Rabbit Fire" (The classic "Duck season! Rabbit season! Duck season! ... Elmer season?) "Rabbit of Seville" (A true masterpiece.  Elmer gets a nice close shave...and a whole lot more.) "Tortoise Wins By A Hare" (The classic racing re-match between Bugs and Cecil. "What? Again?!!") "Wabbit Twouble" (A classic cartoon featuring a portly Elmer Fudd trying to get "West and wewaxation."  Bugs thinks otherwise.) "Water, Water Every Hare" (Another meeting with our favorite orange monster.  "Never send a monster to do the work of an evil scientist.") "What's Up, Doc?" (Bugs' Hollywood story...as told by Bugs.  Of course, he can't seem to get out of the chorus. "I was a rabbit in a human woild.") The remaining cartoons as well as interviews, trailers, and "Behind The Tunes" mini-features make for a nicely packaged collection.  However, there's even more included. Feature highlights include: 1) A 1975 documentary on Termite Terrace where all the hard work was done. 2) Audio commentary on many of the cartoons. 3) Music only tracks on a number of cartoon gems to honor the work of Carl Stalling and Milt Franklyn. 4) Stills galleries with rough sketches of characters and advertisements that are fascinating to view. 5) Bridging sequences from "The Bugs Bunny Show" that have not been seen in decades. 6) "Bosko, The Talking Kid" - the first major Looney Tunes character and the start of it all. The list of omitted, classic cartoons is simply impossible to provide in one review and it would be just as impossible to include them all in a single box set.  Fans like me can only hope that this box set is just the first of many Golden Collections that ultimately will provide a fairly complete and fairly comprehensive library of classic cartoons spanning all decades.  My only major disappointment with this set is that it fails to include "What's Opera, Doc?" (Kill the rabbit! Kill the rabbit! Kill the rabbit!) and "Robin Hood Daffy" ("Actually, it's a buck-and-a-quarter quarter staff.  But I'm not telling him that.")  Should this be a single release by Warner Brothers, then omitting these classics is unforgivable. For possible future Golden Collections, it would be nice to see vintage Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies from the beginnings of Schlesinger studios as well as wartime-era and post-war era cartoons. In a nutshell, this is still the best collection of Looney Tunes cartoons available despite its shortcomings. (The corresponding 2-disc release is not as good an investment as this package.)  Here's hoping that future releases will be based on thoughtful research and the same restoration process.     