 Most sequels to brilliant, or otherwise inspired, predecessors are disappointing at best, leaving their audiences unfulfilled, disillusioned, and feeling cheated. Sadly, THE LAKE HOUSE is no exception to this general premise, as its only kinship with its ancestor WHEN THE WIND BLOWS lies in the main characters: Frannie, Kit, Max, Oz, Ic, Matt, Wendy, and Peter. Even then, the characterization does not compare to the earlier novel. Had we not become acquainted before with these amazing people, their fates would have been only tangentially meaningful to us. A reader who had not had the pleasure of experiencing the first book would be at an even greater disadvantage, because Patterson breathed no life into the characters comprising his second flight into the realm of the bird children. Having read every previous novel written by James Patterson, I was astounded by this latest product. While reading WHEN THE WIND BLOWS, I remember thinking: "This is one of the best books that I have ever read". I thought almost exactly the opposite while reading THE LAKE HOUSE. In fact, I could not believe that I had just finished a James Patterson novel. Patterson usually spins exciting yarns, complete with well-developed plots, larger-than-life characters, fast-paced narration, and intelligent prose. In this novel, however, he is lacking on all points. The plot is so thin as to be almost nonexistent. The characters, both good and evil, are either one-dimensional, shallow, or just passing glimpses into a fictional world having little substance. The ending was anti-climactic and particularly unsatisfying. Questions, which had been posed throughout the novel, remained unanswered. A beloved character was "dismissed" with neither fanfare nor a true sense of loss, while a nefarious scheme essentially went unchecked, if not unchallenged. In short, THE LAKE HOUSE, although still containing some of the same remarkable ingredients that made WHEN THE WIND BLOWS such a luscious treat, required a LOT more baking in Patterson's fictional oven. Most readers who enjoyed the earlier work will come away from the sequel with a bitter taste in their mouths and will be less enthusiastic about sampling future wares from this author sight unseen. Although Patterson may not have completely turned away his more die-hard fans because of this anomaly, he certainly needs to re-inspire our trust in the continued viability of his skill and imagination. As such, if there is to be another edition to the life and times of Max, et al, then Patterson must correct the mistake of THE LAKE HOUSE and prove to his loyal fans that he is still on top of his game. To do less, not only would be an insult to his readership, but also a breach of his own acknowledged talent. Let's put this aberration behind us and move on to the promises of tomorrow.     