 Walter Mosley spins a tale so deftly that the reader soon becomes completely absorbed in the action and the characters surrounding it, and quickly forgets that the printed text is merely a portal linked to the fictional world created by the author's imagination.  This eerie effect is experienced even more profoundly in Mosley's Easy Rawlins mysteries, and LITTLE SCARLET is his best addition yet to this remarkable series.  Although the reader is deprived of ever meeting the woman known as Little Scarlet, her presence looms throughout the novel as Easy is enlisted by the racist and corrupt police department to assist in solving her seemingly senseless murder.  During his quest, Easy encounters familiar characters from Mosley's previous works, such as the ever charming and murderous Mouse, the brilliant, but cowardly Jackson Blue, beautiful and loyal Bonnie, and Easy's "adopted" children, Feather and Jesus.  A serial killer, carried over from Mosley's last short story collection (which also re-introduced the previously "deceased" Mouse), rears his monstrous head again, although the reader learns a little more about what motivates his conduct and can even empathize with him near the novel's conclusion.  Also present in LITTLE SCARLET are Mosley's trademark wit and inimitable writing style.  From his realistic use of street vernacular to his clever turn of a simple phrase, Walter Mosley, easily, is one of the most thought-provoking literary craftsmen of all time.  Utilizing Easy's character to seamlessly comment on society's illnesses and illusions while he goes about solving the crime du jour, Mosley's slick and subtle commentary are exemplified by such statements as (in describing a homeless man): "His jeans had been starched by street living and his shirt was a color that no manufacturer could duplicate", and (in characterizing Jackson Blue): "He was a liar by nature and a thief from the first day he could close his hands around some other baby's rattle."  As the novel progresses from the aftermath of the 1965 Watts riots, to the discovery of a deadly presence in the African-American community that the police, ironically, would choose to cover up by sacrificing a possibly innocent white man, many truths are slowly revealed.  These revelations occur partly through Easy's tenacious search for justice, aided by his intuitive knowledge of human frailty and the devastating price of self-hatred, and partly due to an unexpected ally who joins the ranks of Easy's usual cohorts.  In addition, Easy's ever-burgeoning credentials receive an extra boost by the novel's end, so that the reader can exhale on a note of assurance that there will be many more Rawlins adventures to come.     