 I have been a fan of Eric Jerome Dickey since reading his debut novel SISTER, SISTER; however, I cannot count his latest book DRIVE ME CRAZY among my favorites.  Set alternately between the seamier side of Los Angeles environs and its more luxurious counterpart, the novel focuses on a three-day chapter in the life of a convicted, but actually innocent, felon (known as "Driver" throughout most of the novel), who is maintaining his post-prison days as a chauffeur for a limousine company owned by a man whose life he had been contracted to end by the man's own wife.  Coincidentally, the errant wife, Lisa, also is a former LAPD officer, as well as Driver's previous lover.  When Driver experiences a crisis of conscience and reneges on the contract hit after accepting a sizeable down payment for his "services", Lisa exacts her revenge with her own brand of terrorism.  Meanwhile, in a marginally-related sub-plot, an arrogant, but popular and controversial, writer is being stalked by con artists who want to steal and then ransom the author's latest work--with Driver's assistance and cooperation.  While Driver weighs the odds against prevailing in the confidence scheme in order to repay Lisa, he has to fend off the increasingly destructive tactics of Lisa's minions, known as the lion and the jackal.  Rounding off the animal theme, Lisa's last name is Wolf and Driver's new "squeeze" bears the provocative pseudonym of Panther--a familiar character who made an earlier entrance in EJD's NAUGHTY OR NICE.  Notwithstanding the plot's minimal credibility and the novel's forgettable characters and predictable ending, DRIVE ME CRAZY has enough sparkle to make it an enjoyable diversion, and it is not a complete departure from EJD's usually captivating style.  A welcome relief from the author's annoying habit of declining to give a name to his main character, however, is the disclosure of Driver's real name at the novel's conclusion, and, as icing on the cake, even Panther's true moniker is revealed.  That aspect alone increased the novel's rating from two stars to three and will keep EJD on my list of favorite authors.     