 I recently purchased the 300 GB external drive. While I was waiting for my order, I decided to read the reviews (better late than never, right?). I have always been a big fan of Seagate drives as my experience with dozens of servers and workstations with Maxtor and Western Digital drives have been poor. I use Seagate drives exclusevely in 10 different machines and not one of them has ever had a problem. I also own the 160 GB external drive, and that has performed well in the 6 months I have owned it.  I have to admit I was nervous to recieve the new drive after reading the reviews. While it is possible they released the drive too early, I must admit that I have not had the difficulties mentioned here. When the drive arrived, I decided to re-format in NTFS. I left the drive on over-night to see if any issues would arrise. None did. The drive was a bit warm to the touch, but I live in a very pleasant location with an ambient temp of about 65 degrees. In addition to re-formatting, I did large file transfers over the next few days in addition to multiple degragmentation procedures to give the drive a good workout.  So far so good.  My drive looks like it was assembled in April 2005 so it is new. My guess is the issue with an overheated chip may have been resolved though I do not have any evidence that this was the problem. One thing I did notice right away about the drive is the lights - they are blue versus the amber color of the older drives. I like blue, its a soothing color.  I will be using this drive for occasional backups which means the drive will be off most of the time. My guess is my experience with this drive will continue to be a positive one because of this. I have to admit that the temperature of the drive when left on overnight is a concern as the 160GB drive does not get nearly as warm. This may be a source of problems.  The bottom line is, Seagate (in my opinion) makes some of the better drives than what is currently available. There are bound to be issues with a bad batch, which is why warantees exist. Hard drives have moving parts and are therefore prone to failure. If you want a drive that is almost guaranteed to keep your data safe, get a SCSI (expensive drives usually found in servers) drive - that is what they are designed for. These external drives (and the more common (cheaper)) hard drives inside computers are either SATA (Serial ATA) or EIDE. While these types of drives are much better than their counterparts a decade ago, they are not designed for high throughput and data protection - although the future SATA standards are promising this (yet to be seen).  Do I recommend this drive? I say yes for those who will perform occasional backups. As a drive that is always on and use for intensive work - like video or sound editing - I have to say I am concerned over the heat issue so it may be best to get a few 160GB externals and stack them.  UPDATE: October 4, 2005  The drive still serves me well. Large file transfers for backup purposes on a weekly basis without a hitch. One file is 100GB in size and another is 50GB. The remaining files are small, but number well over 10,000. Fast and reliable.     