 I have never met a product that actually exceded the marketing hype. This vacuum is everything the maker claims. My Hoover bagless bit the dust after a hair clog burned out the motor. I seen the ads on the Dyson and read the reviews and decided to give it a try. After only 3 days in between vacuums (I ordered my Dyson second day delivery after my Hoover dies) and the Dyson picked up dirt left behind. I already been through two fill ups, and can confirm that even when the container is full there is no lost suction.  I bought the Animal version (Purple color) which comes with a low, wide attachment for under the bed stuff, and a suction powered brush attachment for stairs, couches and beds. It also came with a box of Zorb carpet cleaner and application tool.  Aside from its amazing cleaning power, this vacuum is not absolutly perfect. Although hardly worth mentioning, there are some not so good things.  1. The instructions are not entirely clear. To operate the hand tool, I thought the handle needed to be removed and reversed but that is not the case. There is a cap that flips up on the top of the handle that the tools fit.  2. The handle must be fully extended regardless of what is cleaned as the hose will crimp loosing suction.  3. The handle must be removed when using the vacuum powered brush attachment. It will not fit on the handle.  4. The vacuum powered brush handle does not stay securely on the hose.  5. More of a gripe than a complaint, for a 600 dollar vacuum I expected the seals around the vacuum head to be a bit more tight - but no suction is lost so no problems.  6. The Zorb power doesn't work well at all. Smells nice though.  There is plenty of good about the vacuum that makes it highly recommended:  1. Nothing else to buy, ever. No filters, no bags, no belts  2. The brush has a great feature, if something is caught the brush stops turning (making a scary ratchet sound) so no damage to the brush occurs. Remove the object and continue  3. Emptying the container is way too cool - just pull a lever and the bottom opens up. No dust or dirt to touch. The bottom lid is spring loaded so it opens faster than the dirt drops out so no dust on the outside.  4. As mentioned before, this has phenomenal suction. I vacuumed near our kitchen where carpet meets tile and it sucked up a carpet tack!  All in all, this is a fantastic vacuum, probably the last one I will ever buy. Couple the fact that not belts, bags or filters are required, this is sure to be an overall best buy. Don't let the no filters thing fool you - it is HEPA certified. The filters are washable which is why no filters are required.     