 In "Timeline"  Michael Crichton takes an idea, "Quantem physics" and develops recent discoveries to their logical, although unlikely, results.  In particular, Mr. Crichton talks about, in detail, how recent discoveries in "quantem mechanics" would allow a type of time time traval.  First one charactor, unknown to the others, goes back into time to the site of a modern dig.  When he appears to send a message through time to them, a rescue mission is sent back.  Of course this mission has all kinds of troubles, which is the basis of the story.  Sort of. The problem with this story is at least twofold.  At least a third of the story is focused on quantem mechanics and how time travel may be possible.  It is almost if Mr. Crichton wanted to write a time travel story, but was embarrassed to do it unless he could justify it scientifically.  His basis for time travel is no more valid, in my eyes, then any of the other theories for time travel put forward in standard pulp fiction.  But, as opposed to writers who know they are writing ficton, Mr. Crichton takes too much time to explain how this could be possible. Secondly, why did he make this a time travel book anyway?  If people from our time, or the future, went back into the past, you can expect certain conflicts.  Modern ethics v. Medieval Ethics or Modern Technology v. Medieval Technologies.  Often times you can see the same problems as when a person travels to a foreign culture or place.  People, without fault, will make embarassing errors or mistakes.  None of those themes are found in this book. The only reason why, it seems, we have time travellers, is so the author can explain in more details the times and customs of France in the past.  As such, the action and conflict in the story takes too long to develop.  Once it appears, there is alot of action and fighting, chases and conflicts and general adventure.  But even these scenes are weakened by some of the wide swings in the charactors whose attitudes and actions change dramatically as the story continues.  The book may have mass appeal based on the number of reviews, but it had little to offer me.  It wasn't a total loss, but it was close.  I have just come to expect more from this author.     