 I don't like Keegan's writing style.  I won't not have even bought this book, except it was on sale and I wanted a book about this era.  So, my expectations were low.  With that said, the book was good.  Good, not great. Keegan give a fair desciption of the times, the events, and the battles.  He takes us from the Battle of the Frontiers, the invasion of France by German and of Germany by France, during the first six weeks of the war - to "unrestricted" submarine warfare, American entry's into the war, and Germany's eventual capitulation.   If you have a solid military background, you will be in a better position to appreciate this work.  For those of us, including me, whose military background or knowledge is more sparse, this work is a little dry.  I think Keegan's work makes assumptions about your background knowledge which I don't have.  In other words, since I don't understand some of his references or allusions, I don't understand the point he is making.   In this manner, I think a comparision to Barbara Tuchman's work, The Guns of August, may be useful.  Ms. Tuchman work refers to the Roman War with Carthage, the Germany-Roman battles, Russian military failures in Japan and many, many, other points in history.  I knew some, but not all.  However, when Ms. Tuchman introduces a topic, she explains it better. I understand, after her explanation, the connection to the topic and why it is referenced.   Keegan, on the other hand, may reference something, usually military, which I don't understand.  Since he will build on this point, everything that comes afterwards is a blur.   For Keegan, however, he keeps these reference here to a minimum, so I could understand and enjoy most of this book.  There isn't much new or insightful in this work, but it is a good primer if you want a book to give you a solid, but plain, accounting of the war.  Of course, if you have a strong military background, you probably will enjoy it more.  I don't, so I didn't, maybe you will.  For most people, however, I don't think that this book will be well received, but I don't think it will be rejected.  It is a fair book, that is all.     