 Galileo lived in a different time, really in a different world.   And to understand what Galileo did, and didn't do, Sobel transports us back into this reality so we can appreciate the magnificence of his accomplishments and his failures. Italy was a country in name only.  The plague was a natural and common occurrence, not a historical footnote.  The Roman Catholic Church still banned books, held inquisitions, and occupied significant political power.  And people, lived, and died, on the whim of a disgruntled Doge, a proud Prince, or a remote Emperor.  As a practical matter, this meant that hundreds of people, during outbreaks of the plague, died randomly in the streets.  Bodies were burnt, if the authorities got to them before family or friends tried to provide a proper Christian burial.  If the authorities were too late to stop the first burial, they usually were able to burn the family member who would die of plague later, with no one left to bury them.  In the grim alternative that they caught the families burying the dead, those caught could be tortured as an example to others.   "Out of necessity" professors would will "their own mortal remains to the university, to save the anatomist the bother of pillaging the hospitals or begging the bodies for criminals condemned to hang."  (p173)   Even so, dissections and autopsies were illegal, as the human body was sacred and cutting it up would be cutting up a work of God. Legal travel between different regions in Italy could only occur, if one had proper papers and permission to do so. New ideas, especially in books,  had to be "screened" by the inquisition to make sure that they did not contradict Church doctrine, even as International and religious rivalry made new ideas from other countries highly suspect.  Combined with the high mortality rates of this time, as a practical matter this meant years of waiting before new discoveries could officially be promulgated.  Enter Galileo.  A devout Catholic and a faithful follower of the Church. Galileo was inspired by  another Catholic, Copernicus, who published his own works on his deathbed.   Galileo, in the Medieval world of 17th Century Italy, would lay the foundations for the modern world which we live today. Given the strange world and horrible handicaps (political and religious) that he endured, and Galileo's accomplishments become even more dramatic.   Sobel explains all of the above, and more.  We also learn about Galileo's relationship with his son and his daughters.  His daughters, in particular, are often mentioned as we learn in detail about convent life (they were both nuns) of this time and age. We also learn about his financial problems, and successes, his relationships with the Pope and bishops, and somewhat about the history of his father's successes and failures as well.   At the same time, Sobel explains the state of science, before and after Galileo, while explaining some of his concepts and discoveries (including his errors).   My only criticisms, if any, of this book are the details at this point in the story.  Starting off as a social history of the man and his times, the book becomes a little bogged down with the science and its explanations.  Given the scope of its content, however, this is a minor criticism - at best.  This book saught to explain Galileo and his times, and it suceeded.  Well written, with a poetic flair, Galileo's Daughter, should be enjoyable to any historical intellectual.     