 The Worthing Saga is a collection of short stories set in the far future. While it has some interesting twists and inventions, "The Worthing Saga" really is not a science fiction book, it is a morality tale. The writer, Orson Scott Card, uses this book to discuss what is, and what is not, important in life and how some of society's most sophisticated advances can set society back and harm people as a species.  For example, in this future, people can live forever - sort of. People in this tale can use a drug, Some, to sleep for centuries at a time. Developed to allow travelers to sleep during long voyages in space, somec because a symbol of the rich, the powerful, and the important. Those with more power sleep longer so that they may experience more of the future. But when you sleep for centuries, your friends die and you become less attached to those around you - they probably won't be here when you next wake up. Your morality changes as the idea of consequences becomes less meaningful if those whom you harmed are dead for seven hundreds years the next time you wake up.  Into this future is placed a revolutionary with the ability to read minds. He plans for the destruction of a society he can't stand. What will replace it, however, is initially unclear. One of his confidants becomes a pilot, explorer and founder of a new and primitive world, upon which a better future is hoped. But whether men are in an advanced future or on a primitive world, they are still men. Good, bad, creative, dull, even evil - All one's hopes for a better future only seem to result in a different society, not a better or a worse one.  Written in a dark and sometimes depressing manner, The Worthing Saga seems to combine some of the best elements of Card's other books like Ender's Game with the more "serious" writing style of its sequel. Enjoyable to any Orson Scott Card fan, "The Worthing Saga" will probably have mixed reviews by people unfamiliar with his work. Overall though, I would and do recommend it. Enjoy.     