 Who would have thought the story of Longitude could be so interesting?  To be accurate, this is the story of the invention of a tool to measure longitude accurately - oftentimes, literally, a life or death proposition in the early 18th Century.   Life or death because ships, unsure of their position, would crash into reefs.  Other ships would literally have sailors on board dying of disease or dehydration, because the captains did not know where they were, and where, more importantly, local islands or land masses could be found. After a particular gruesome tragedy off the Coast of England, which could have been avoided if the Captain could have measured Longitude correctly, a reward was issued by Parliament for anyone who could develop a tool to perform this task   A special committee was set up to review ideas and suggestions about how this task could be completed.  And while there were many attempts, few of them had merit.    Most scholars had concluded that only a map of the stars could solve this problem, if one could be accurately drawn.  On land, these maps could be drawn. On the oceans, accurate maps were hard to draw, were inaccurate, and, for the most part, of little value.  Most scholars thus concluded that the secrets of Longitude, on the oceans, could not be solved.  Perhaps that is why a "common" working man, albeit a  skilled laborer, had to solve this problem.  His name was John Harrison. John Harrison, a clock maker, was able to do something that no one else in the world could do. He applied for the grant, and was awarded a partial prize.  But this was not the end of the story.  Instead of adopting his proven technology, petty rivalry, jealously, and (most likely) class snobbery delayed the adoption of his clocks for sixty years.  Ironically, the King himself, got involved in the struggle, on the side of John Harrison. Longitude is a story of science and history.  It is also part detective story.  It is filled with passion and amazing details about the time and the people surrounding this story.  Written with an elegant and poetic flair, it is a beautiful trip to another time and place.  Dava Sobel has done a wonderful job.   The only problem I had, which was small, is as this book switches from a novel about finding a solution to Longitude to a novel about the struggle to have Harrison find recognized, the story dragged on a little bit too long and the focus definitely changed.  I enjoyed  the science sections better.  A small criticism, but a fair warning.   Overall, however, Longitude is a quick read and I highly recommend it.   Enjoy.     