 Ugg! Mr. Diamond writes well and has great examples and experiences, but he spoils much of it by excessive political commentary.  I love politics on  TV.  But when I read a book about science, that is what I want, SCIENCE.   Instead the first chapter, and most of the final ones, are drenched in  partison politics which detracts from the real science in the book.  If you  avoid these chapters, or skim them briefly, this book has much to  offer. The general approach of the book is to look for "human  characteristics" in animals, thus making them "inhuman" or  animalistic, in the final analysis.  Thus, Mr. Diamond shows how basic  human failings as adultry, genocide and slavery or our strengths as a  species, from creativity to art to farming, can all be found in different  animal species. In this part of his mission, the book is great fun, an  easy read, and, at the same time, a good learning experience.  Is Man the  only species that fights wars?  No.  Ants and Apes, apparently do.  Do we  have a monopoly on speech?  No.   Mr. Diamond believes some forms of  animals have simple speech.   Well, is there anything at special about us  at all? Maybe sex.  Apparently we are one of the few, maybe only, species  that mates for fun.  At the very least, we don't know when a women is ready  to get pregnant.  So we have to try and try and try again.   Its good to be  the King (of the beasts that is.) If the book stayed on subject, it would  have been great.  I notice that most of the reviewers here, indeed, think  it is a great book.  It is not.  It is not a great book because  Mr.  Diamond's observations are clouded by his own experiences, passions and  biases. For example, his work with tribes in Indonesia may be typical of  tribes elsewhere.  It is also possible that people in different areas can  be very different.  Over and over, he went to his base, his experience in  Indonesia.  Fine, if this is a book about those experiences.   It is not.     This book, as referenced by its title, is a book about the third  chimpanze, man.  It has a broad scope beginning with the death of the big  brained Neanderthal Man (I learned that they had a bigger brain as well as  bigger bicepts then man) and speculating at the end about the final  destruction of a genocidal human race.  In such a book, his personal  experiences were still interesting, but they took away from part of the  book.   Still, the book is worth reading.  I just wish, at least, the  politics could have been edited out.  Since Mr. Diamnd is a bestseller, for  science, I presume that his other books will have more, not less, of his  political commentaries.  Is it to much to hope, at least, to have less  references to his twin boys?  Probably so, but his future books will no  doubt still be interesting, just not as well written as they could be.     