 A problem with books of this type is how to write them well, without being a parisan.  If not, Republicans will rank high (or low?) on any book written by a Democrat.   Democrats will be ranked high on any book written by a Republican.    For the most part, Mr. Miller does his best to be even handed.  I like the details about scandals like "teapot dome" which I had heard about, but not understood well.  But, I didn't like his format and organization.  What is a success?  What is a failure?  He tries, but he doesn't define these items well.  Without a clear definition, the book seems to wander. My biggest complaint, however, was how predictable parts of this book was.  Surprise, Mr. Miller thinks Nixon was our worst president.  I didn't like Nixon, but there were many presidents who did more harm to our country.    Nixon, by the way, was a liberal Republican, and an anti-communist.  He surrounded the USSR, with his reapproachment with China.  He withdrew the USA from a war that had become unpopular.  He saved Isreal from Soviet inspired invasion. The USSR has disolved, Vietnam today, is embracing the free market, and China, while a potential enemy, is no longer, strictly speaking, a communist one.  At home, Nixon enacted alot of liberal, yes liberal, reforms. He expanded federal give aways to Indians and increased the minimum wage. Against these "accomplishments", I have a mixed view on them, but they were all succesful parts of the Nixon agenda, we have to view his failures.  Especially in light of the Clinton scandals, we have learned that Nixon's involvement in Watergate was different from modern presidents only in degree and means.   Nixon illegally used the CIA to interfere with the work of the FBI.  Clinton, apparently, hired private detectives to do the same work.  Nixon, reportedly, tried to destroy his enemies.  Clintons "foes" have had repeated IRS audits, FBI files with personal information have been stolen and never returned and, even today, Clinton workers threaten State Officers with publicity that will make their attacks on Ken Star look like a picnic.    Mind me, Nixon was not a saint.  But, just this quick review of Clinton's record tells me that Nixon wasn't as bad as many would like to believe.  Should Nixon be on this list?  Maybe.  But he wasn't our worst president, just a recent unpopular one.   Mr. Miller took the easy way out, instead of an in depth study of each man.  As such, this book was interesting, but predictable and a little bit of a disappointment.     