 Ms. Tuchman wrote "The Guns of August" which I believe is the best book ever written about WWI.  Unfortunately, she also wrote the book, "The Proud Tower" about the times just before WWI.  The Proud Tower was a bore.  As such, I wasn't sure what to think before I bought this one.   I was hopeful that it might be good and, I was right.  The Zimmerman Telegraph is a very good book which, if you like history and mystery, you should enjoy.   The Zimmerman Telegraph was especially interesting to me because, while I was in school, I had a professor who taught his belief that the Zimmerman Telegraph was a fraud.  It was not.  The Zimmerman telegaph was very real and with it the British may have changed the tides of history.  . But first, what is the Zimmerman telegraph?  Mr. Zimmerman was a German ambassador during WWI.  As the war progressed, both sides looked for allies which would tip the scales in the war in Europe.  Mr. Zimmerman, and his cohorts, were instructed to induce Mexico into fighting on the German side, if American declared for the allies.   Because General Pershing, who was to lead the Amercian troops in Europe, had invaded Mexico during this time (to attack a bandit revolutionary Pancho Villa); Because America had taken about 1/3 of Mexico eighty years earlier; And because America's army was one of the smallest in the world -  Mexico's entry into the war seem possible to German leaders 5000 miles away.    Mr. Zimmerman, in secret code, wired back and forth to Germany to learn what he should do, and what he should offer.  Worse, at times, the Germanys borrowed American supplies, while negotiating about declaring war on America.  The British learned about these messages and wanted to share them with the Americans.  But how could they do it, without arrising their suspicions and those of later American professors? The truth is an exciting mystery story filled with real people whom we love and hate, because Ms. Tuchman makes them so real.  She has a talent, when applied, which makes the past - present.  I could picture these events as they happened, understand the people, and even sympathize with the ones I didn't like before I read this book.   The other thing Ms. Tuchman does so well is to explain motivations.  In Europe, for example, there was disputed land between Germany and France.  This land was take in 1870.  In 1914, the shame of this action still was present throughout France.  Indeed, in many units, it was a battlecry.  Surely some Mexicans felt the same about California?   Ms. Tuchman shows us why some people felt that a Germany-Mexican alliance was a good thing.  And a thing which the Mexicans would want. There is much more that this book discusses.  But, as referenced above, this book is mainly about how the British broke the German codes and how they "leaked" this information to the Americans.  War is never fought for one reason.  But the main  reason America fought in WWI may have been this telegram - and the Germany-Mexican alliance it proposed.  A masterful job by Ms. Tuchman.     