 I liked the idea behind this book and the first chapter seemed promising but somewhere along the way it faded as its emphasis faded from a book for the general population to one that can only be enjoyed, or understood, by professionals.  For some reason  many professionals, historians, palaeontologists, and the like,  seem to believe that, before writing, that almost nothing of consequence was invented.  Instead, these parties feel that there was an "explosion" of knowledge about 5000 years ago.  This explosion is sometimes hard to explain.   Enter the UFO freaks.  There is a cottage industry of parties, like Erich Van Daniken, that try to explain these matters by stating that this explosion occurred because knowledge was given to man from "supermen" of Atlantis or aliens from outer space.   By showing how much of man's  knowledge was developed thousands of years ago, the need for aliens dies, because there was no knowledge explosion.  Van Daniken is dead.  Well, sort of. I personally have read through some of Van Daniken's  work.  (It can be a tough go.)  To say that his work is focused solely on a "knowledge explosion" is unfair.    But, without getting to side tracked, if this book was solely a refutation of Van Daniken's work; it probably would be more interesting, especially is the style and tone of the first chapters flowed throughout the book. Instead the author goes into explaining, then discrediting, one theory after another for prehistoric skills and events.  Every theory is introduced by discussing its author and a little of the research they have done.  In this vein, the book is well referenced so a reader looking for sources can find them easily. For me, it was annoying.  I don't want to know why everyone else is wrong, I wanted to know what evidence you have for believing or stating what you think is right.   Mr. Rudgley, however, is apparently stating things which must be very controversial because he is very slow to state his case. Step by step by step he goes.    While walking so slowing, he often also changes his terms, in a way I found confusing.  B.C., for example, means "Before Christ" which was about 2001 years ago. (give to take six years for you purists.)   I think most people understand this.  What does B.C.E.  mean?  I think it means "Before the Common Era" which began about 2001 years ago.  I think.  As such, B.C.E. was always D- U-M-B to me.  You don't have to believe in Christ to understand that the calender was based on the year we believe he was born.  Yet scientists want to avoid association with religion.  Finally, there is B.P., "Before Present."  This one really confused me for a while.  To understand this term, you would have to know when the author wrote the book.  Since, however, the dates go back 50,000 years or so, I guess being of by five or 10 years doesn't matter that much.   It doesn't really matter to me which system of dating time the author used, if he was consistent.  This author, however, switches back and forth, even in the same sentences!  If you are shaky on the different sytems, it can be distracting.  And, the dating system is only one example of how the author would jump around, when explaining things.  Combined with other inconsistencies, it was a little lunny. In this vein he talks about the origins of writing (which he believes may have come from an accounting system developed in thousands of years before Egypt or Babylonia), ancient religions (and the worship of a "goddess"), early surgery, early language and the early use of fire.    There are 19 total chapters  in this book.  Each chapter is about 20 pages long.   So, there are about 14 other topics I have not mentioned. I personally got tired of this book at Chapter 10 and skimmed through the rest of it.  I`m saving this book though, for a time when I may want to read those chapters, perhaps when I`m better versed on these topics.  If, like me, you only had a course in Archeology 15 years ago, don't try to renew your interest here.   I guess, for the experts out there, who want a book that may be controversial, have a good time.     