 Was the 19'th Century a bore?  Barbara Tuchman, whose masterpiece The Guns of August was the best history of WWI ever written, has failed to meet her potention with this regrettable yawn.   The Proud Tower fails, in almost every way her earlier books succeeded.  It is disjointed, meandering, uninteresting.  In other words, a bore.  Why is this so?  Based on her skill at writing, I would almost have to conclude that the times were uninteresting.  But, great fan of Tuchman that I am, I have to conclude that she just did a bad job on this particular book. Ms. Tuchman goes from country to country and details some of the "major events" of that time.   Since these events didn't seem to be well connected, the book becomes a little disjointed. More importantly, what she sees as a "major event" often times is her own personal choice.  I disagreed with her conclusions on which events were major, so I was not very interested in reading about them.  More importantly, Ms. Tuchman tries to make connections with some of these events, connections which really aren't there. For example, do you know who Thomas Reed was?  I didn't know before this book.  Thomas Reed was the Speaker of the American House of Representatives.  During his tenure, he changed a 120 year old House rule about voting requirements.   Before he came, the House rules stated that you needed a certain amout of the Congressmen present, in order to vote.  Oftentimes, if the minority party disliked a proposed law when roll call was taken before the vote, they would not answer "Here."  As a consequences, laws which has a support of the majority couldn't pass because Congressmen would pretend not to be there.   Mr. Reed, changed this rule.  Big deal?  Based on the amount of her book dedicated to this "struggle" Ms. Tuchman thinks it was. I don't.  I found it boring. Ms. Tuchman also spent alot of time on the "Dreyfus Affair"  I had heard about the Dreyfus Affair many times, but I never knew what actually happened.  After you read "The Proud Tower", you will know ever detail, including many that were uninteresting.  Sometimes a more concise story is more gripping. This is really the problem with this book.  It has too much details about too many events which aren't connected.  Ms. Tuchman could have wrote 2 or 3 seperate good books from this material.  Instead she choose to write one bad one.  Read her other, shorter, books.  She can write well.  She just did not do so this time.     