 This book is very disappointing.   It starts off with some fantastic details about the Battle of Lepanto, especially the appalling living conditions on the galleys until you feel as if you were there, and paradoxically, happy that you were not.  Then the author tries to develop his thesis, that the West and East (Christians and Muslims) have great misconceptions about each other, by examining the history of different flashpoints in the 1500 years of struggle between these cultures.   In general, the author finds that both sides seem to have almost identical viewpoints about each other.  Islam finds Christians to be a group of dirty, promiscuous oath breakers who follow a false religion.   Christians believe the same about Islam.   Both sides can point to examples, which support their view.  Some are true; some are distortions based on hatred and bigotry.   The author, however, focuses much of his story on how bad Christians are and then gives a few throwaway lines saying that Islam did the same thing too, but not as bad.   By doing this, the general weight of the book falls against Christian Countries.   At first I thought this was by design, later I was convinced of it.    Wheatcroft is an apologist for Islamic fanaticism and one of the reasons why it still goes on.  The easiest way to make the point is to see how each side reacts to (1) horrors that its own forces commit and (2) horrors coming from the other side.     Pope Urban II, it is reported, wept when he heard about the massacres during the first Crusade.   He even excommunicated some of the members.   He never supported the wholesale slaughter of innocents.    Where is the equivalent Muslim reaction to the many, many tragedies reported in this book?      The Crusades, by the way, were started to take back land which Islamic took during its initial expansion period.  If Islam had not taken the land, there would be no on going struggle, which continues to this day.  Even going back to Rome or Alexander, the dessert area where Islam blossomed was never really directly touched.  It was the expansion of Islam, which created the conflict.  Still, after 1500 years of struggle, Christians have done plenty wrong.  I just don't believe the scales are equal.  Worse, some of the worst massacres, for example the millions of innocent Christian killed in Armenia, are of recent age.    That is, if someone from your culture did something a 1000 years ago it would concern me less then the same act committed last year.  One is history; the other is a current belief, which is more likely to affect you and to affect me?   How many Islamic leaders condemned 911?  The silence is deafening.  Recently there were riots in Afghanistan because American soldiers were accused of flushing a Koran.  Mind you, having a Bible with you in Saudi Arabia is illegal.  Preaching Christianity in Afghanistan was a 10-year criminal offense.   Wearing a cross in Iran can be a flogging.   Is the Christian West and the Islamic East really the same?  Too bad Wheatcroft decided to ignore how unbalanced the views and attitudes of the two cultures currently are.  If he did, and then traced it back through time, the book would have been more interesting and more accurate.  Surely, for example, the Crusaders in 1096 were probably more fanatical then the forces of Islam.    Islam, during the same period, was arguably a force for culture and enlightenment.  Later, for example, in 1453 Islam was again a force for fanaticism.   A trend we have witnessed in modern times, probably since 1979.  Instead, in his last chapter, he takes time to berate Bush about the Iraq war, including the fact that 3 years later Iraq is still in revolt.  Wheatcroft should have read his own book.   Spain, after the Moors were expelled, was in revolt more then 30 years later.    The Balkans, after Islam invaded, was in revolt for even longer.   Why is it such a shock to Wheatcroft that Iraq isn't yet pacified, that there are still areas in revolt?     If you want to support another Bush attack book, by all means you can buy this book.    But if you want a good history on Islam and its relationship to the West, buy something else.      