 After I read the last book in this series I told myself, this is it!  I was really disappointed.  But, it has been so long and I enjoyed the other books so much, I wanted to give Mr. Jordan one morc chance.   I missed Rand, I missed Matt, I missed Elayne.   But reading this book is a bore.  Again, nothing much happens here.  The ending is what I expected and it takes much too long to get there.  Along the way, nothing much new happens and the old and annoying descriptions keep popping up. For example, how many time now have women thrown up, after something happens which they don't like.  This series has more vomiting, pound per pound, then any books outside the Exocist.  Perhaps if these people had more Pepto Bismo they would be able to fight more effectively.   I am also tired, tired, tired, of all the hen fights.  All these characters who all think their way is better then everyone elses.  Or, how often each character, usually the "evil ones" who refer to everyone else a "children" or a "child".  "How do these children do that?"  Well, they aren't children, Mr. Choosen, or Mr. Forsaken, they are using the power differently then you, not more weakly.   Or, for that matter, how many times can Mr. Jordan describes a new Aes Sedai as the "most powerful in a generation" or "more powerful then anyone since..."  How many "most powerful" can there be.  If you notice, he does the same thing when he describes the swordplay.  First Lan, then Rand, maybe Matt with his sticks, Galad, Gwan, everyone is the best ever.  How is that possible? At this point I would normally tell you a little bit about the story, but there was none.  Oh.. wait, Rand, with help, tries to remove the "taint" from the one power.  The suspension, "the suspension" lasts until almost the last page.  What do you think, will he succeed?  Hmmm.  I knew what would happen after twenty pages.  Maybe if you are especially stupid, you will be surprised or shocked by the ending.  But, for anyone smarter then a lab rat, the ending was clear from the beginning.   The only thing unclear is how much longer the author will try and drag out this series.  I am betting on 15 books, but I am optimistic, after all, the writer said he will continue to write until he is dead.  At first read, I was optimistic that he would be writing new and exciting stories for some time to come.  Now I think he was referring to how long this series will go on.  He got me, to my shame, one more time, but I will never buy a book in this series again.     