 This book has 14 chapters of examples and insight into public speeching. The author, who taught public speaking at seminars for 40 years, has learned alot and communicates his ideals well in written form.  I really envy those who had a chance to listen to his public speeches. That is the weakest part of this book, which the author admits.  It doesn't matter how much you read about speaking, you have to go out and do it, or you can't get better.   With that noted, this book does a great job at describing the speaking process.  It starts by reviewing "the basics" and then divides his book into the special potential needs of its readers.  At its core, this book tries to address the fears of its readers.  It appear that public speaking strikes fear into more people, then anything else.  If you are scared, you can't think well or express yourself clearly.  Thus, if you can conquer your fear, you are on your way to giving a great speech. "Quick" discusses three things to do.  First, be prepared.  You can't talk intelligently about any topic, if you don't understand it.  Second, try to speak to your interests.  The more you care about something, the more interesting will be your speech.  Third, remember your audience.  Even if you love __________  (fill in the blank), you need to understand that your audience may not.  Since, no speech is effective if you lose your  audience, you have to remember their needs. The other thing "Quick" does is give you good tips.  Don't try to use them all at once.  My advise, pick the one, or two you like the best and work on them.  Once you perfect them, or decide you don't like them, try something else.  For example, I like "Quick's" suggestions of using names when you tell a story.  "Imagine a hero with no name" who would remember him?  Well, if you want to use an example with people, give them names, it makes it easier for your audience to relate to them. This is this book's strongest foundation, the colorful examples and the author ability to relate to his readers through them.  He quotes famous people like Lincoln and Julius Ceaser repeatedly.  He also cites more ordinary people to show how real people have good insights into life.   Overall, the examples and the organization are interesting and add to its strength.  "Quick" is a good book, a good "primer" for new speakers.  I don't think more experienced speakers will enjoy it as much, but there is enough here to please most people who want to improve their speaking skill, novice or expert.     