 The Civil War is probably the best book I have ever read and read and read.  I originally bought this book over 10 years ago.  I have recently re-read it again for the fourth or fifth time and the writing is still fresh, the story still gripping, and the photographs found and used, still riveting.  It is simply one of the best if not best American History book produced. Why is it so good?  I wish I knew, because then I would be writting books, instead of these reviews.   I can tell you what I liked.  First, the story telling was beautiful.  By "story telling", I could say editing.  Anytime a writer writes, fiction or fact, he or she must choice what they put in, and what they do not.  To often, especially with history stories, authors try to overwhelm us with details.  Here the authors have choosen the best details, and deleted the rest.   Second, how the authors write, is superb.  They have a great sense of irony.  Describing Gettysberg, they describe the worst battle in American History as a battle begun over shoes. Better still, they go on to show it.  Now must historians probably wouldn't know or care that this battle may have started over shoes, but these authors know that (1) it is interesting and (2) it also shows that the southern soliders, who needed the shoes, were short on supplies.   The authors could have just said that at the time of Gettysberg that the South were short on supplies, but the way they wrote about it here, it was much more interesting. Finally, this book has a great caste, if you will. In this book the authors have five historians who contribute to the story telling.  Each historian brings in their perspective and each perspective is different.   The combination, however, is stronger then the individual parts.  I don't know why the authors chose these historians over others, but it was a good choice. In short, a great book.  The only history book I know, which compares in readability, is "The Guns of August."  Since that book is better known, many people may skip over this one.  Don't.  This book should be bought, read, enjoyed, saved, and the re-read again, and re-enjoyed again at future dates.  Bravo.     