 "The Death of Outrage" is an attack on Bill Clinton.  But, really it is much more.  This book uses the Clinton scandal as an example of the moral decline in America.  It is an attack on Bill Clinton, but even Clinton supportors can learn alot from this book. First, this book is about the Mr. Clinton's affair with an intern only a few years older then his daughter.   Mr. Bennett talks about the consequences of the arguments of Mr. Clinton's defenders, if they were carried to their logical conclusion in every day society.  One by one, he deconstructs their arguments and shows how harmful they would be, how harmful they are, to our society. Over and over, Mr. Bennett also compares the Clinton scandals to those of President Nixon.  Both men thought they were above the law.  Nixon learned that he was not.  Clinton has yet to learn that lession. This morning, in fact, I listened to a Republican Senator, (Orrin Hatch) tell America that President Bush should, in essence, pardon Mr. Clinton for his crimes. He should read this book.  Our laws do matter.  And, if they do, they need to apply to everyone.  Mr. Bennett asks the reader if a president can commit perjury or obstruct justice because the offense is about sex - on what other grounds would you excuse future presidents? Is the president the only one who gets a free pass?  Yes, the economy was good.  Let's assume he gets all the credit for our economic miracle.  Would you allow the principal of your child's school to stay on board after he had affairs and fondled substitute teachers?  After he committed perjury or obstructed justice?  If your answer is "no", did you apply the same standard to  Mr Clinton?  If no, why not?  Because he is the president?  Should presidents be judged lower then principals of high schools? It is telling how his own people view him.  Dee Dee Myers, his press secretary told Larry King that she couldn't deny that Clinton may have raped Ms. Brodrick. George Stepanopolous , a Clinton fanatic, at one time, said if he knew what type of man Clinton was, he would not work for him again.  Yet Clinton continues to inspire people.  He has legions of defenders.  His wife was just elected Senator.  What is wrong with our country? Yes!  His wife knew he lied about the scandal. She help him lie.  If you believe something else, you are mistaken.  Doesn't rape disqualify a man to be president?  Shouldn't it?  No?  Why not?  Would you want a rapist as your boss?  In charge of your school?  The most disappointing feature of this scandal has been our response, as a people.  Democratic senators, including Moynihan, the one "Hillary" replaced, say that Clinton is a perjurer.  Yet, Moynihan voted to keep him in office?  Why?  Were democrats that afraid of Al Gore?  Did they put party before country? I keep thinking about a quote from Churchill about the "appeasers" before WWII.  I will paraphrase.  They could have had peace with honor.  They chose dishonor, and they will soon have war.  I don't know what the consequences of Mr. Clinton's Legacy will be.  I don't believe they will be good.  He has been the worst president of the last fifty years.  Not because he did something wrong, but it appears that he will be allowed to "get away with it."  What does the future hold?  Many cudos to Mr. Bennett.  I was lukewarm about Mr. Clinton and his "legacay" as his term ends and everyone is praising his achievements.  Shame, shame on me.  And shame on you too, if you believe it after reading this book.  Clinton is a disgrace.  We deserve better.  We will get the same, or worse, however, unless you - we, the people, stand up and complain.     