 I enjoyed the beginning of this book where Weatherford describes a young Mongol who is, in order - a wandering child, a slave, a runaway slave hunted by competing tribes, a carrion eating rats in the dark to survive and, eventually, a world conquerer.   What an amazing life.     How did Khan get to be a world conquerer?  The jacket of this book promises new insights on Khan's origins, philosphy and life. It is a difficult challenge based on the way much of Khan's was deliberately obscured and hidden.  For example, when he died, Khan was taken away to be secretly buried.   The people who buried him were all killed so they could not reveal his gravesight.  Then, the people who killed them were also killed.   The Mongols were cautious.  Up to the challenge, Weatherford successfully writes about the positive influence of the Mongols. He describes how they were, to a point, democratic; everyone could advance in the army.   Because they respected all religions; their rule often entailed more freedom then those who came before them.  He also tells how some of their worse excesses were (1) part of the culture of war of the time (2) lies attributed to them by their enemies or (3) abuses which occurred after Genghis Khan was dead.  Point 3 is the most important one to make.  It is unfair to attack Genghis Khan for horrors which happened years after his death.  Still, smoke usually does mean fire.  Khan was no school girl.  He was a brutal conquerer, which means he was a horrible killer.  Weatherford, at some point, sees the trees but misses the forest.  While it is interesting to learn about the Mongols' positive influence on history, I think Weatherford tends to minimize, too much, some of their evils.   Worse, at times, he excuses it.  This detracted from an otherwise excellent book which seems to be both well written and researched.   I can easily recommend both buying and reading it, but the attempt to justify some of history's horrors does distract from an otherwise outstanding book.                 