 The book starts in the North with Ned Stark and his family.  Twenty years or so in the past, Ned Stark helped overthrow the old King.  The new King, Robert, has come for a visit.  When he comes, we learn that all in not well in his Kingdom.  His assistant, called "the Hand" has died.  Maybe he was killed.  His wife is hostile to him.  The Kingdom itself is on the verge of Bankruptcy.  Will Ned Stark help him?  Against his wishes, Ned Stark agrees.  Before he can leave, however, a tragedy strikes his family.  He delays his departure but eventually leaves his home.  His wife stays at their castle.   Then the story changes point of view.  The story goes from the Starks to the Lannister family.  This is the strength of this story.  There are no heroes or villians, it is almost compeletely dependant on your point of view.  When we here the Lannister family talking, usually it is a clever dwarf,  we root or at least sympathize, with them.  When we see the story through Ned's eyes, or his wife's eyes our perspective changes with those of the charactors.  And, there are other families.  In particular, the daughter and son of the old King are in the South and then overseas looking for supporters.  We go from family to family and person to person within the family.  Since the story never stays long with one person, we rarely stay with one view. "A Game of Throne"'s approach should be compared to other stories.  Usually, when a story goes from person to person, it is either repeating details or adding new facts into the story, from the same point of view.  In A Game of Throne's, the details are not repetitive.  We go from Chapter 1 to Chapter 2 smoothly. But, what happens here is that as the story builds on itself we gain the new perspective of the other parties.  The approach works wonders because we never know who will live and who will die.  Who is the hero?  And, will the hero survive?  You just don't know and because you don't know you have to read it.  (Compare this to any other fantasy book you know.  If you think about it, from page one, you know who is going to win, don't you?)  A Game of Thrones is a "must read."  This book and this series, if Martin can maintain the pace, will be one of the best in all of fantasy.     