 When you write a classic series, leave it alone.   The first three books in this series are the best science fiction books I have read.  As opposed to most science fiction books, for example, Asimov talked about advances in psychology, as well as physics.  The connection between science and story, moreover, were essential parts of this story, compelling so.  Finally, Asimov was willing to take great chances and even attack his invention, pschyo-history.  Enter "Foundation's Edge."  This story was centered on people, more then science.  Each person, in their own way, was just like the others.  That is, each of them had the same basic characteristics, pride, arrogance, and impatience.  All of them were hard to love. Worse, the "resolutions" for all of the original stories were believable.  That was one of the things that made that books so interesting.  Could there be a psycho-history?  How would it work?  Each story has a mystery around it which, when solved, seemed to be solved in a believable, almost obvious way which always rang true. Here there is a mystery.  There is a planet and a system that even the Mule avoided.  Why?  Probably because the Mule was written by a younger Asimov that wouldn't want to go anywhere near this story.  Anyway, all three characters here, for different reasons, end up going to this mysterious system. The way the conflict is resolved is also very disappointing.  In the end, the original foundation series was about control and choice.   Seldon was trying to push the Galaxy toward a certain result.  Individual people's choices weren't supposed to make a great difference.  With the mule, and others, that was shown to be a lie.  Individuals can make a difference, even in a galaxy of billions and billions. Here, free choice doesn't seem to matter. This galaxy here, to me, was a worse place and I was unhappy with it as I was unhappy with this book.  It is very disappointing and a slap at all the great writing in the original series.   Measured on its own, Foundation's Edge would have, maybe, been an okay book.  Since it is the younger brother to greatness, it seemed much weaker.  Read it if you must, but I warned you.     