 Star Trek II is often heralded as the best of the Star Trek films.  Not true.  It seemed so good because Star Trek I seemed so bad.  With time and future movies, Star Trek II has looked increasingly bad. First, the good points.  Star Trek II is a high paced action adventure sequel to one of the original episodes which I think was called "Space Seed."  In that episode Khan, a genetically altered man from the past is awoken from a deep sleep by the crew of Enterprise.   In the past Khan was a tyrant who had taken over Russia/Asia and who had attempted to take over the world.  He lost and fled into space with some of his most loyal, and also genetically altered, followers.  Once revived, Khan immediately took over the ship, tortured the crew, and made plans to conquer the Universe.  He loses again, betrayed by his new love, a member of the Enterprise. Kirk drops all charges against Khan and proceeds to leave him and his followers on a primative world where they never will threaten others again. In Star Trek II, Khan gets off the planet, captures another ship, and again plans to take over the Universe.  This time with the help of a new superweapon created by the Federation.  Kirk, with a trainee crew, answers a distress signal and encounters Khan again.  This time Khan has personal reasons, as well as his own ambition, for attacking Kirk.  The duel is on. Well paced, with great acting by Richardo Montalban, everyone here does a good job.  The special effects were/are superb.  In addition, the ending has some surprises and shocks which I won't spoil.  Why then, do I say the movie looks increasing bad with time? First, in Star Trek II, we met Kirk's bastard son.  Kirk has always been a lady's man, but he has also always been loyal, honest and brave.   Persoanlly, it bothered me then and now that the writers of Star Trek II had him get a women pregnant and then his son for 20 years.  When Kirk finally mets his son, he has to ask his mother if "that's David?"  after his son attacks his father.  David, by the way, initially thinks Kirk may be involved with Khan.  This is after David's friends were tortured to death.  What kind of father was Kirk? Well, whataver type of father he was, Kirk has always been a loyal friend.  So we were all touched when a close crew member dies in this film.  At least until the writers cheapend that death by bringing that crew member back to life two years later in Star Trek III.  Star Trek never had alot of hard science, but it was never so stupid or dishonest to its fans.  Now, if anyone ever dies or is hurt in this series, why should anyone believe it?  Not a fault of Star Trek II, really.  Yet because Star Trek II set up this dumb trick, the drama of the moment is really lost. The genesis project itself, the superweapon itself, is also deeply flawed.  This project was to recombine cells and DNA so that atoms would be changed/redesigned to whatever the federation desired.  Okay... to a point.  Without spoiling the ending, a fish out of water will eventually die as a man in the water will drown.  What about a planet without a sun? Well, anyway, it is best not to think to deeply about science fiction or you will lose the fun.  My problem was that the writers did so many things which were so off that I couldn't help thinking about them, especially when they were central to the story.  Again, Star Trek II was a fun movie, it just had a little too much fluff which distracted from the overall effect.     