 Gladiator is a good, but not a great, movie.  I think, perhaps, because this summer the movies out, generally, were so bad, it may have seemed better this it was.  Wait five years, and it wouldn't seem so great, as the reviews here seem to imply.  This is not to say that it is bad movie, its good, just keep it in perspective. In Gladiator, we learn the story of a solider, gladiator - king.  Based on a true story, the movie takes some liberties with the facts to create a better show.  The overall result is an interesting tale but it has a few gaps. First of all, Gladiator begins in the lands where Germany eventually arises.  The Romans are fighting German hordes. Parts of the war scenes are intense, maybe some of the best such scenes shot since "Spartcus".  In particular, they have some scenes where the General Maximus rides into war with his dog/wolf by his side fighting, slashing, and killing all in his path.  I would have loved these scenes but.... most of them are shot with a "strobe light effect".  The speed of the film seems to be speed up and slowed down.  Some found this "artsy", I found it annoying. After the battle Maximus is met by the aging Emperor and his son, Commodus.  In Rome, the Emperor would chosse his heir. Commodus, presumes he is the one to be choosen.  He is not.  The Emperor secretly chooses Maximus to succeed him and to clean up the empire. Both he and Maximus, however, underestimate Commodus who plots to kill them both and become Emperor.     Maximus, surprised, becomes a slave and a gladiator.  Here the movie really heats up.  The gladiator fights are intense, original, and varied.  I think some of them, however, were shot with computer graphics.  If you saw "Jumanji," you know what I mean. The animals don't seem quite real.  This distracted from the movie.  Thown into the fights is an improbable love story and a secret plot to make Maximus the Emperor.  Both, in my view, took away from the movie since the gladiator fighs on their own were so intense.   Overall, though, these two sub-plots were a minor distraction.  This film is about honor and fighting: it delivers.  There is a tragic element to this film, but I don't want to speak about it and spoil the show.  I will say that, this film was overall honest and some of the tragedy fit in well with the story.  Be warned as well, "Gladiator" has very graphic violence.  It is not for children or the screemish.  But, if you are not young or delicate, this is a great action film worth watching.     