 To my knowledge this is the last work of Roger Zelanzny probably best  known for his  "Amber" series.    To the end he was a great writer and I am sure that anyone who has read his work will regret the fact that no new masterpieces will be coming.   I am glad, however, that he finished as he started - working on a fun book which any fantasy readers should enjoy. "Forever After," is a fantasy story which is reportedly about what happens after the villain is defeated.  What happens after the hero and heroine live "happily ever after?"  Here some of the closest friends and companions of the hero Rango, soon to be King, are sent on four separate quests to hide the magic tools needed to win the war, but which now, by being so close together, disrupt reality and threaten the kingdom itself.  Each quest is written was by a different author.  They include Michael Stackpole, David Drake, Robert Lynn Aspirin and Jane Lindskold.  The prefaces, interlude and postlude are written by Roger Zelazny.  Remarkably, the quality of most of the stories is very high.  I especially enjoyed reading Robert Aspin, one of the funniest fantasy writers around,  (Remember Skeeve?)   telling  the story of a noble knight and a dragon, from the dragon's perspective.    Stackpole's story, about a gloomy assassin  heart sick over a woman general who has rejected him, burdened by a fat, but well meaning servant, and searching for his father's killer, his former master, was outstanding. In the end, my discovery of Mr. Stackpole, probably was the best thing about reading this book.  He is a superb writer and I look forward to reading his other work in the future. It is fitting  that "Forever After's" theme, that life continues even after the story is over, was Zelanzy's last work.  Life does go on.  But, if it does, does that mean we can't stop and say thank you to someone who entertained so much and so well over the years?  Thanks and good bye  Mr. Zelazny.  I hope the afterlife appreciates you as much as your fans down here do.     