 This book was originally the third of three in a series.  The series has now been expanded to include at least four more novels.  Since the additions were added much later in time, I think they lost the flavor of this series.  If you want to read an Assimov book, read this book, and its two predecessors.  The first two are great, in my view, classics.  Second Foundation is very good, but not as good as the first two.   In Second Foundation, we learn more details about the second foundation.  Does it exist?  Where is it?  What does it do?  Second Foundation is actually a clever answer to the critics of Hari Seldon.  There are flaws in psychohistory.  This book explains what some of those flaws are, and how Mr. Seldon prepared to deal with them. In Second Foundation, the book starts with the "Mule" and his search for the Second Foundation.   The Mule has already conquered the first Foundation.  He has the most powerful Empire in the Universe.  His troops are undefeated.  Yet, in the midst of his actions and continual successes, he halts he troops.   The Mule, who is a "mutant" able to control emotions, has discovered that someone or something else, has this same talent.  His key personal have been attacked.  Their intiative, their creativity have been altered to make them ineffective and incompetent as their assigned tasks.  Since his Empire was based on his mutant power, anyone or anything that has the same power, is an overwhelming threat to him.   Could these "second power" be the Second Foundation?  The Mule learns the answer, but his people do not. The second story in this book is the story of a group of scientists seeking out the Second Foundation.  They are convinced it exists.  Based on their new science, they are able to detect the influence of people whom them believe to be part of the Second Foundation.   These scientists search for the Second Foundation.  But sometimes success can be more dangerous then failure. I didn't like this second story so much.  The first story in this book is a good as the first two books.  In the second story, a daughter of one of the Scientist, Arkady, is one of the key figures in the book.  I was annoyed by her charactor and some of the things which happened here were not logical to me. By my annoyance should not distract you.  This is, overall, a good book, well written, and worth reading.     