 The True State of the Planet, according to this book, is good.  In fact,  it is much better then we have been lead to believe.  Sometimes, perhaps,  we focus so much on the negative, that we forget how many positive things  are occurring.  This book reminds of the this truth. For example, we  often hear the expression, the "population explosion."  Implicit  in this expression is the underlying belief that more is less.  The more  people we have, the less food, less resources, the less land, the less  everything for everyone.  It makes commonsense, but it is not  true. People today have more food then every before.  We are healthier  and living longer lifes.  The cost of almost everything is going down.  How  is this possible?  The articles within this book describes how this is  possilbe and gives us demonstrative proof of how good people really  are. A few examples.  More peoople, means more ingenuity.  The more  people you have working on any problem, the more likely it is to be solved.   Thus we can not get more oil, because we have created new tools, created  by these people, to get it.  Moreover, most resources are not fixed, they  change.  Food is an easy example.  We may have more people who need to eat,  but we have more and more productive farmers to feed them. The truth is  the term "shortages" is a misleading word.  There is only a  shortage when people want someone.  Before there was that desire, there was  no shortage.  So, 300 years ago, there was no shortages of oil because we  rode horses and used coal.  Now that so many people are using cars, it may  appear that there eventually will be a gas shortage. Maybe, but if it  occurs, we will find substitutes.  We already have substitute fuels, they  just are not very cost effective. I also loved the article on fishes.  It  never occurred to me that we could be running out of fish.  Apparently, we  are.  But this "shortage" is an artificial one.  The writer  explain how, when anything is free, everyone wants it.  Most people can  fish and eat their catch without limit on public lands.  Why?  We don't  hunt at Yosemite.  With more private fisheries, and less governmental  intrusion, the fish population will boom. I also found the global warming  article very interesing.  Is the globe warming and if so, is it a crisis?   I always found these scares amusing.  When I was in grade school they  talked, with fear, about the impending ice age.  Remember those cold  Neanderthals?  I would rather be a little more warm, then too cold.  Isn't  most of Canada and Russian uninhabited?  How many people live in Antartica.   Well, apparently the data is mixed.  We may be warming by .03 degrees a  year, but we may not be.  Don't buy any Canadian Condos yet. It is funny  and strange that this book has been attacked in the reviews.  I guess if a  news anchor on local t.v. told us that the local bridge had 20 million  crossing without a fatality, it may seem boring news.  The one fatalty  makes the headlines.  Like that lone poor driver on that bridge, a few  enviromental problems make better news.  Just remember that, like that very  good and safe bridge, the Planet is in very good shape, despite a few  problems.     