 "The Age of Alexander" was not the original title of this book.  Instead the editors have taken liberty with the title for marketing purposes.  "The Age of Alexander" is actually a biography of 9 famous kings and generals from Agesilaus to Pyrrhus with Alexander as one of the nine.  This isn't an attack on the title or this or this work, but it is a more honest description. In addition to the people I have already mentioned, this book also talks about the lives of Pelopidas, Dion, Demosthenes, Phocion, and Demetrius.  I had heard many of these names for years, but I had no idea of what they had done.  Others I never knew.  It is interesting how history classes often have such narrow focuses.  Why do we study the Peloponnesian War, but not its outcome? Here, students of history will have the chance to examine parts and people of the past, rarely discussed in other places.  The writing style is a little tough.  Remember, this is an English translation of a Roman work examining Greek citizen who lived three hundred or more years before it was written.  However, if you can get past the writing, you can learn alot. The rough history of who killed who and which state thrived while others died were not very interesting to me.  It is hard to get excited about a civilation that was wiped out 3000 years ago.  What I enjoyed more were the personal stories and the glimpse into Greek life.  I will give three examples. Pelopidas had a mortal enemy, Alexander.  He was considered a tyrant and a murderer.  Alexander had his enemies stripped naked and forced them to rare animal skins.  He then would release hunting dogs on them as a form of fun/execution. In Persia, citizens would make a gesture of respect to their King.  In Greece, they would only make this gesture to the Gods. Thus Alexander the Great, if he wanted to be considered the "legitimate" ruler of the Persian would have to have them do something, this gesture, which made him look like he believed he was a God, to the Greeks.   "On noble subjects all men speak well."  A quote found in this book.  It was ascribed to Euripides but was quoted by Alexander when talking to Callisthenes, an advisor who eventually was put to death. If you like insights and stories like this, "The Age of Alexander" is a great source.  The editors do a very good job of discribing the customs and morals of the time.  For me, actually, part of this was not necessary.  I enjoyed this book, in part, because I could see how humans, in many ways have not changed.   Perhaps, in part, that is why a book popular 2000 thousand years ago, can still be enjoyed today.  Not a page turner, it is interesting if you have to time to study it.     