 I liked this book.  I liked the story and the idea, but I didn't like the  "tone" of the writer.  It is an interesting puzzle to me.  The  closest comparision to the writer, Mr. Halperin, I can come up with is  Robert Silverberg.  Mr. Silverberg wrote some great fantasy books, but they  tended to be sad or fatalistic.  Even when the hero wins, I never was very  happy about it.   Mr. Halperin's style is just like that.  Since Silverberg  has won many awards, I guess Halperin is in good company.  I, however, like  to read science fiction or fantasy with a lighter tone.   Mr. Halperin is  "deadly" serious and, in fact, in my book he has several pages of  places where you can go, if you want to be frozen for the future.  But  first, the story. The First Immortal takes us through the life and times  of a man who is born in the early 20'th century and by story's end is, in  his view, essentially immortal.  (I will explain below) Along the way, the  point of view in the story changes two or three times.  Towards the end,  this gets a little confusing, but the story is clear enough.  Alot of the  story is focused on the conflict between this man, Ben, and his son Gary.   This conflict seems artificial to me.  It was put into this story to tie  the ends together, but it wasn't believable to me. Anyway, this is a  distraction.  The First Immortal is really not a story of science fiction,  but rather an advocacy piece discussing possible science facts.  Halperin  focuses on Immortality and the disease of aging, but he also talks about  computer consiousness, medicine in the future world and different types of  bionic technology.  In these areas, the book is at its best. One  discussion, for example, describes (or debates) what is a person?  A person  is still a person, if they have a false eye or a fake arm.  What about if a  person has implanted memories?  Or if part of their brain function is  mechanic?  Is a person still a person if 90% of their brain is organic  while 10% is not?   Is yes, are they still a person if 50% of their brain  is a computer?  Where do you draw the line?   Since I disagree with how  this book answers this question, I disagree with the conclusion of its  author.  The fun, however, is having that fight about these issues with the  author. I liked these discussions, because I discuss similiar things with  friends.  And, if you like discussions like this, you will like this book.   If you don't, don't buy it.  For those of you who do buy it, and read this  review, email me afterwards.  I would be curious to see you responses to  some of the issues covered by The First Immortal.     