 When asked how many troops the French would need from the English in the  event of a general war Foch, a French General, stated only one.  One?   Well, He also said that "we will make sure he is killed too."   Shocking?  Perhaps, but understandable from a general who was to lead  France in its bloodest war up to that point in history. Foch's attitude  also reflected a realistic appraisal of his English allies.  Upto the point  of dead soliders, English's attitude had reflected an extreme reluctance to  enter on any side during a European War.  It is the sad fact of history  that, more then any other war, WWI could have been avoided if a few more  leaders were willing to be a little bit more clear about their priorities,  goals and intentions.  Even so, the length and time of this war, could have  been limited greatly, except for some of the most unsually and costly  mistakes in history. For example, Turkey, later a German ally, was  initially on the fence.  They had, in fact, ordered two boats from England  before the war started.  Churchill, when war was close, held up these  boats, which had already been paid for Turkey.  Germany then was able to  convice the Turks to join their side, after Germany delivered two boats.   Boats that the English could have sunk. The Germans, on the other hand,  had a strong strategy which almost won the war.  Last minute nerves from a  worried Kaiser, overconfidence in one smug general, and the redeployment of  troops to a "royal" one; may have cost them the war.  But for all  of these things happening, Europe today could have been a German  Empire. Tuchman's genius is showing how history really works.  Most  history books are written with an air of predestination or fatalism.  I  have seen histories that say WWII was lost the same day it began or that  WWI was inevitable and it was also inevitable that German would lose.   Phooey!  Must of the time history is not like that.  A little thing can  make a great difference.  The Guns of August shows us alot of these  "little things."  As such, after reading it, you can appreciate  how close that war was, and how different it could have worked out.  In  addition, Tuchman's eye towards drama, her skill at writing, and placement  of interesting quotes from world leaders make the Guns of August the most  compelling historical story I have ever read.  I literally put all else on  hold until I could finish this book.  Indeed, I routinely looked at her  sources and have since examined other records to see if Ms. Tuchman's book  was accurate.  It is.   It is just that she is a skilled writer and this is  her best work.  Read it.     