 This story picks up where the last book left off, unfortunately.  Unfortunate, because the last book was very disappointing.  In a way, I guess it was to be expected because Shadow of the Hegemon was an instant classic.   It was probably too much to hope that the next books in the series could be as good.  Shadow Puppets certainly is not. Shadow Puppets continues the tale of Bean's war with Achilles, discusses a blooming relationship between Bean and Petra, and, by the way, does talk about Peter Wiggins, on occasion.    My first disappointment with this story is that I didn't believe it.  Why or how would one homeless crippled boy with no contacts (Achilles) suddenly become the most dangerous person on earth when all of those battle school graduates, while still savvy, seem to have no real political connections.  Everyone from Bean to Peter to the Commander of the Space Station seems terrified of this one boy.  Why?  Achilles was a drop out from flight school where he was outsmarted by Bean.   Why would he become so much more dangerous now? More disappointing is the lack of Peter Wiggins.  In the first book in this series Peter's brother, Ender, saves the world from the Buggers.   We are told that Peter, eventually, became the leader of  a new earth government.   With the title to the first book in this new series, I had hoped that we were going to see a similar story about a young Wiggins defeating impossible odds to become the leader of earth.  Along the way I have hoped we would learn how such an evil person would or could transform into something good.  Instead, we have an almost complete wimp, and a whiner besides,  who only survives because of Bean and his efforts.   This was the monster who terrified Ender?  Please Finally, I was really annoyed by the "love story" found in the book.  While the motivations of the involved parties are clear, the insertion of this plot line turns a political or military story into a tired cliche as Bean discovers love, but maybe too late.  Instead of discussing Peter's conquest of the world, it is clear that, if there is an eight book in this series, it will degenerate into an unusual egg hunt as Bean attempts to find his lost children, in embryo form.   How sad.   By the book if you must, but don't expect anything near the level of Ender's Game or Shadow.     