 I can't think of a book which made me laugh more.  The only book that may have made me laugh as much was Joesph Heller's "Catch 22."   This book, however, is not a comedy.  It is a honest and open reflection on Mr. O'Reilly's life, his philosophy, and his views on 20 selected topics.  The laughter comes because  Mr. O'Reilly writes with great wit and intelligence.  Unlike most teachers, Mr. O'Reilly knows that if no one is listening, it doesn't matter what you say.   And, boy, O'Reilly has alot to say.  He reflects on his life in working class Levittown.  He discusses his background; his family, his father, his religion. O'Reilly uses these personal bits to connect to his reader and discuss larger and more important issues.  The essential message of this book, a very positive one, is that honest and hard work pay.  It doesn't matter how much you have or how famous you are, as long as you have and maintain respect.  The rest will come. Again, he does this in a very funny and witty way.  For example, when he discusses goverment corruption and stupidity, he doesn't just say that, he demonstrates it.  Did you know that the U.S. government spend $230,000 dollars in 1998 to study the sex habits of flies or $27,000 dollars to discover why inmates try to escape jail?   In Mr. O'Reilly's words "because (he) is a concerned American, (he) will give the government the following information -"houseflies mate when no one is looking; prisoners don't like prison.  I've just save the nation $257,000 dollars.  Where is my medal Mr. Clinton?" I think lines like those are funny.  Mr. O'Reilly is at this best, though, when he talks about his family life.  First, he  describes the need for a strong father.  In particular he tells a story about and his own fear as he could hear his father walking up the steps towards his room whenever he did something wrong - his father had a "no knock" policy. He also remembers his mother with great love and affection. She was aware that he was, in his words "a thug", but she loved him very much and always showed him care and compassion.  One time he told her that the red marks on his neck, after a date, were a "rash".  She sent him out of the room, even though she probably knew the truth.  How much did each of our parents let each of us get away with over the years anyway? I almost regretted finishing this book, because I enjoyed it so much.  I certainly recommend it, will definitely re-read it, and I now look forward, I hope to his next writing effort.  Thank you Mr. O'Reilly on an excellent book filled with things many people should read.     