 In, On the Origins of War, Donald Kagan both (1) makes a case study of the causes of Ancient Conficts, and more modern ones, and (2) gives his suggestions on how they could have been avoided.  These Wars include the Punic Wars and WWII, the Peloponisian War and WWI, and the Cuban Missile Crisis.    After the first war between Rome and Carthage, the Carthigians were given a free hand in Spain upto the Ebro River.  When Rome noticed that Carthage was building a mighty army there, Rome gave advance notice that it would probably break its treaty with them, sent a group of ambassadors that insulted Hannibal, but failed to send troops to awe or suppress them.   Hannibal reacted by laying siege to an allied city.  Rome, who could have reacted and attacked Hannibal in Spain, did nothing.   For almost nine months, Hannibal lay siege to this city.  Once his siege was successful, Hannibal turned his eyes, and his elephants, towards Rome.  The second Punic Wars had begun. After the first World War, the allies forced Germany to sign a treaty which blamed the entire war on them.  The Germans were also forced to pay hugely disproportionate reparations, dismember their country, essentially disband their own army, and watch their ally Austria-Hungry be sliced into several new nations. Then, after doing almost everything possible to embitter the Germans, the allies disarmed. Slowly at first, but almost continually until WWII broke out, the Germans rearmed themselves.   Hitler accelerated this pace, but he essentially continued the policies of his predecessors.  Like Hannibal before him, Hitler then began to attack allies or potential allies of his rival.  Hitler attack on Poland, which started WWII, was only attacked after Austria has been "rejoined" with Germany and Czechoslovakia had been conquered. Thus both the Romans and the Allies had been given advance notice that an enemy may be preparing to fight.   Rome was given nine months, the Allies were given, at least, six years.  Neither, however, seemed to recognize the threat which was coming.  In Rome's case, part of this ignorance may have been due to overconfidence after winning the prior conflict.  For the Allies, much of their ignorance was based on their horror over the results of the last war combined with an underappreciation for the anger which was swelling in Germany. Now, could either of these wars have been avoided?  Kagan seems to think so.  He describes the different times and ways both wars could have be prevented.  I tend to disagree, in part.  My disagreement stems from the unexpected.  Kagan, in part, states that if you insult a rival or opponent, you should be prepared for a reaction.  However, people plan for things in the future, based on what happened in the past.  This is why we study history.   Hannibal acted and fought in ways that were almost unheard of during that time.  How could the Romans expect Hannibal to cross the Alps with his elephants, when nothing quite like that had occurred in the past.  Hitler, as well, acted much more quickly then anyone at that time thought was possible.  His own generals were ready to begin a coup starting from the "Sudenland" crisis to the invasion of Austria.   Still, agree or not, this book is interesting and insightful.  The other sections, dealing with WWI, are also very well done.   Personally, I didn't like the Cuban Missile Crisis section, but it was only a small part of the book.  Overall, this book is very, very good.  For those who question why we should study history, please read this book.  For those of you who already enjoy history, "Origins of War" is a good addition to your library.     