 This is one of those books which seems very interesting, if it is true.  In, "Cracking the Bible Code", the author claims that there are secret messages inplanted within the Bible, which modern science can decipher with our new computers.  These messages are predictions of possible futures given to Moses, and others, by God. The author, to his credit, takes along time to explain the statistics behind his arguments and describes interesting analogies which make his case stronger.  For example, if you found a coin in the middle of the street, you would probably assume it fell out of someone's pocket.  If you found five coins stacked, one on top of each other in the same location, you would probably assume someone did it deliberately. The author gives you the odds of each events above, and then relates it to the messages he states are found in the code.  The author also puts the Hebrew text in his book so, if you read Hebrew, you will be able to see what he is talking about.  As such, it seems to be an honest and straight foward attempt to explain interesting patterns found within the Bible. I loved it.  I hoped that it is true.  But, sometimes, we can be mislead by our hopes.  It certainly is not the author's job but I wondered why God would hide those things, instead of saying them straight out.  Also, because I don't speak Hebrew, I didn't understand the Hebrew text, so I ended up having to take alot of the book on faith, even with the statistics.   I wanted to know if these "codes" were found in other parts of the bible, not just the five first books limited which were discussed here.   Finally, I was disappointed by the manipulation of some of the text.  I can't explain it well here, but basically the "codebreakers" would change the length of the text to find messsages.  That is, they would make the text 85 letters long in one example, and 120 letters long in another.  The author explains why they did this, but it still seems to take away from the book.  Perhaps, he ddin't do this section well?   Whatever the case, this book made me think.  Probably the highest compliment and I give anything, or anybody.  If you are interested in thinking too, you will enjoy this book.     