 Mr. Diamond spent at least 20 years in New Guinea studying. While there a politician named Yali asked him why Europeans had more "cargo", modern trade, then the natives of New Guinea.  "Guns, Germs, and Steel" is set up as an answer to this question.  It is filled with interesting theories, insightful observations, and a great overview of the last 20,000 years of human history.  Yet Mr. Diamond's final answer after over 400 page of text, dumb luck, is very unsatisfying.   Dumb luck?  Yes, dumb luck.  Europeans came to New Guinea because they had a larger population which allowed them to develop "civilization" first.  But why the larger population?   Geography.  Mr. Diamond believes geography is destiny.  He argues that people everywhere will  exploit their environment.  The more resources a group of people have, the easier, and quicker, they will grow.   On the other hand, the more barren a land, the slower the growth of any people found living there.  Europeans and Asians developed civilization earlier because their ancestors were lucky enough to be living in a place where there were more crops to grow. In the "Fertile Belt", a land region roughly occupying modern Turkey, Mr. Diamond states that there were, naturally occurring, (1) more types of edible plants (2) these plants had more nutritional value and (3) because Europe and Asia is on a more horizontal axis then Africa or the Americas, these plants could be planted over a larger period of land then crops in America, Africa, or Australia. Now, were the people in the "Fertile Valley" really just lucky?  Within his own book are arguments to undercut his theory.  Strawberries were, to my surprise, not domesticated until the Middle Ages.  This occurred after many years of experimentations by Monks.  (who also eventually came up with Champagne)  The point being that these Monks were actively attempting to develop them.  Did the people in the "Fertile Valley" have their own "Monks" who developed these earlier crops?  Did they have explorers searching the world for edible foods?   There are so many great examples of how the political structure of a society will predetermine its success, regardless of the environment, that Mr. Diamonds failure to adequately address this point detracted from his book.  For example, Chinese explorers came to East Africa, and maybe America,  hundreds of years before the Europeans.  The Chinese stopped exploring based on a political decision.  The land of paper, gunpowder and so much else began to stagnate.    Copernicus, Galileo, Darwin.   These men's research was published after they died, or they recanted their observations, or they delayed publishing for many years; for fear of the Catholic Church.  Today South Korea is a one of the four economic "young tigers."  North Koreans are starving.  The same people, the same land, yet much different results.  Politics can make a greater difference in the development of a country's life then environmental factors. And that is the biggest problem with this book.  It reeks of politics.  Mr. Diamond detracts from the science of this book because he  goes so far out of his way to be politically correct.  There are many examples.  Another reviewer here talks about the major race problems in this book.  I agree. In addition, let's examine Mr. Diamond's view on the mass extinctions which followed the colonization of America.  These extinctions occurred from the period of 17,000 years to 12,000 years ago. (p.46)  These extinctions occurred over five thousand years.  Mr. Diamond reject a germ theory of extinction and states that hunters in America killed off most large animals during this time.  This lack of large animals later dramatically retarded later civilizations in America, and their ability to grow.  In his words, "why did most of them pick the 23'rd (ice age) to expire in concert, in the presence of all those harmless humans?"   Why does it matter?  His central point, lack of animals hurting development, can be made under either theory.  The important fact was there were no large animals when farming became more common.   It only matters if you want to make a different point.   Over and over and over and over, Mr. Diamond constantly discuss how the destruction of animals and the environment has adverse effects on society.  Okay!  I get it.  I even agree, to a point.  But when you keep talking about issues not directly connected to your thesis, it distracts from the book.   It also makes a 200 pages book, twice as long. It is unfortunate. "Guns, Germs, and Steel" should have been a great book.  Instead, in the final analysis, it is interesting but too long and too political.  I still enjoyed, very much, many parts of it, but the sum total and the final answer to human  hstory "dumb luck" is too contrived to strongly recommend.     