 I saw this book when I was shopping at a local bookstore.  The title and the topic were so shocking that I thought this book was a sick joke but, alas, it is not. This book is an attack on the HIV theory of AIDs.  My second response was it must be written by some right wing loon, an anti-Gay fanatic.  Again, I was wrong.  The author is a professor at U.C. Berkeley, a locale not known for its conservative agenda.   I looked inside. On the first pages is an introduction by a person who won the Nobel prize.  The introduction explained that there is something we call HIV, we think.  More accurately, in some people, there are HIV antibodies.  Antibodies are produced by our body to attack disease.   Thus if you have HIV antibodies, you must have HIV in your body.  As we all know, too many HIV antibodies in your blood means you have AIDs. The problem, this book states, is that there have been no studies, zero, which show that HIV causes AIDS.  Unlike the mumps, chickenpox, or syphilis, scientists have not been able to correlate HIV with AIDs.  Indeed, there are people who develop AIDs symptoms without any HIV antibodies present and there are other people with HIV that never seem to develop AIDs.  In  Los Angles recently, in fact, there were stories of how some babies born with HIV, later test negative.  (Showing that they don't have it.)  Since we are told that there is no cure for AIDs, or HIV, how is that possible? Dr. Duesberg says it's possible because AIDs doesn't exist.  The thousands of people who have died of AIDs, he says, have died of other diseases or, in some cases, as a side effect of the deadly drugs used to "control" the virus.   Can this be possible?  I have study politics most of my life.  I know that just because people believe something to be true doesn't make it so.  For example, flying was once considered impossible, then flying faster then sound; then flying in space; all of these things have now been accomplished. This, however, is different then medical science.  But even in the medical sciences there have been great mistakes.  Do you remember leeches?  It was once thought that these creatures sucking your blood would cure almost anything, include the plague.  Now we look at those "doctors" as insane.  (Leeches do help in rare cases some people today.)   The Black Plague was carried by fleas, living on rats.  We didn't know that until the 20th century.  During those times people killed cats, who could have saved millions of lives.    Or what about the simple fact that the heart pumps blood?  Until Harvey came along in the 17th Century, no reputable scientist thought that the heart was a pump at all.  And cancer?  I saw a special just last week on how a possible new cure for cancer, focusing on stopping blood flow to cancer cells, was attacked by almost every doctor because they thought cancer cells didn't need blood.  So, it is easy to see, even doctors can make mistakes on the biggest issues of their time.   Could they make this big of a mistake, with modern science?  Dr. Duesberg says yes.  AIDs, he says, is many things, most of which can kill.  If we don't face the real cause of AIDs many innocent people will die preventable deaths.   In America, he believes, the greatest contribution to AIDs deaths is drug overuse.   Just like alcohol can get you drunk, sick or, with time, destroy your liver; Dr. Duesberg says drug use can get you sick and, eventually, destroy your immune system.   This man, a notable scientist, makes a strong argument that almost everything you think you know about AIDs is a lie.  His book demands a response from responsible scientists. Could this really be possible?  I end this review close to where I began, but more puzzled.  I have been told so many times that HIV leads to AIDs that I still believe it.   But I can't help but think - will people in the future compare me to those leech using doctors of the past?  My hopes may be blinding me to the truth but I pray that there is, or someday will be, no such things as AIDs.     