 Keagan spends 400 pages to attack that old dictum - War is a continuation  of politics by other means - and fails.  During this attack, he manages to  expresses his amazement at simple facts which are an uncomfortable part of  life.  A History of Warfare is a bore, badly written, and best avoided,  except for some of the rare tidbits of history that can be found in few  other places. Keagan fans will protest.  Let them.  This is a bad book.   I never have understood Keegan's great reputation, but I know it exists.   Well, judge the book by its total failure to understand what politics are,  and thus Keegan's failure to understand Clauswitz dictum from the past.   First, what is politics?  Well, I would define politics as the struggle  between competing ideas.  There are other definitions.  However, based on  almost any definition, it is easy for me to see how Yugoslavia or the Gulf  War fit within the framework written about by Clauswitz.  Keegan, however,  states that he does not see the connection. Well Mr. Keegan, Yugoslavia  was a war based on hatred and bigotry.  The lack of success by either side  doesn't deny the causes of the war.  The war was and is a struggle between  competing ideas.  Localism vs. Internationalism or Racism v. Religous  Identity.  We may not like or identify with the causes of this war, but to  ignore them is to ignore history.   Mr. Keegan is a little bit confused by  International involvement in this process.  Why?  Presidents and Prime  Ministers often fight foreign wars to maintain domestic power.  Isn't this  the real reason for American involvement?  And British? But, again, my  problem with this book is not its flawed reasoning, it is it boring  presentation.  Even a bad theory can be interesting, if presented well.   Conversely, Keegan attack on Clausewitz is boring because he writing style  is so stiff.  If you want a good book on military theory, read something  else.   This book will satisfy Keegan fans, but no one else.  Better luck  next time.     