 I love some of Barbara Tuchman's work.   In particular, The Gun's of August and the Zimmerman Telegram are "must reading."  This book is not.   The First Salute was actually the first Tuchman book I had read, and almost the last. To begin with, it is boring.  In her other books, she writes an interesting history about the people and their times.  She was especially good at comparing different events and showing the common themes that run through time.  I especially liked how, in The Guns of August, see details how a French army marching to defend their country from Germany invasion, march past a memorial to Roman troops defending Gaul (Roughly France and Belgium) against another German invasion more then 2000 years past.  Events seem to repeat themselves, but the charactors do change. Here Ms. Tuchman's efforts seem designed more to impress us about the knowledge of the author and her mastery of the details of the American Revolution, then to convey an understanding of the events.  In particular, this book is actually not a book about the American Revolution.  It is more a book about the effect of the American Revolution on other parts of the world, notably Holland. Holland, as a small power, was a close ally with England in the 1580s.  After the defeat of the Spanish Armada, the alliance between the English and the Dutch developed into a rivarly and then transformed into open hostility and war.  Ms. Tuchman details parts of three wars between these two powers.  She then trys to put the American Revolution into that broader context.  Instead of being a fight for freedom, in Tuchman's eyes, the American Revolution was part of the continual competition between the Dutch and English empires. This book, of course, does discuss other parts of the American Revolution.   But, over and over, Ms. Tuchman goes back to the Dutch.  It was their help, supplying guns and supplies, which Ms. Tuchman believes helped sustain the young Americans during the first part of their Revolutionary War.  Indeed, the Dutch, on a tiny Island, gave an American Warship, its "First Salute", recognizing them as a equal power in the families of nations.   Overall, this was an interesting point of view.  But, as I said above, it was not written in an interesting way. Since, I think Ms. Tuchman also, in some ways, overstated her thesis, it took away from parts of this book.  As such, I can't recommend this book; but I would steer you towards the other books, referred above, that Ms. Tuchman has written.     