 I saw a book, Fermat's Enigma, many times at the store. Many times I saw it, and walked right by it - not interested.   The best thing I can say about "The Code Book" (by the same author) is that before I even finished it I went back to that store and bought Fermat's Engima, not wanting to risk it being sold out. The Code Book was that good of a read.  Why? It is because it took a subject I knew almost nothing about, and by time I was done made me feel like an expert.  In the process I got a precious insight into many historical events I had read about my whole life but, in some part, I had only a superficial understanding.  For example, in College we studied the execution of Mary Queen of Scotts.   Our professor told us that the conspiracy was suspect at best and probably was just the result of a vindictive Elizabeth trying to secure her throne.   Really?  Mr. Singh explains how the Queen's servants broke a code being sent to the Mary and how she authorized an assassination of Elizabeth.  By authorizing the assassination, she justified her own execution.  An execution which sounds much more rational then "vindictive."  At the end, Mr. Singh describes the great dignity Mary displayed at her death and a particularly pathetic scene as her little dog was searching through Mary's effects for Mary, not realizing that she was dead.   I can somehow still hear that little dog barking.  This is but one of many stories in this book from Ancient Greece to Modern Washington where Mr. Singh shows (1) the importance of ciphering (2)and its great effect on world history.  I almost felt like the FreeMasons were right, there is history and "history."   By reading this book, you get a first hand tour of "history" while, at the same time, learning about the incredible changes in the science of spys.  I only had one criticism, which is quite small.  Towards the final chapters the author seems more negative as he discusses the tragic ends to many great minds connected to ciphering.  I guess there are few nice ways to say bad things but the tone of the book does change.   Still, all in all, this is an excellent book which you should read.     