 I like this series, I really do.  Normally, I don't even buy hardbacks,  but I bought this book the first day it came out and here I am writing  about it six days later.   And, I intend to read it again.  But, with that  said, this will be a mixed review. Still, if you have enjoyed this series,  you should enjoy this book too.    Faith of the Fallen, begins, more or  less, where the last book in this series ended. Richard Rahl has taken  Kahlen back to his home so that she may recover from her injuries.  When he  returns, however, he learns that the people there are scared of him and,  after a brief encounters, he flees to the Northern Mountains to avoid  bloodshed.  After Kahlan has almost recovered a Sister of the Dark, Nicci,  attacks her and forces Richard to abandon everything to protect Kahlan from  injury.  Richard goes to the "Old World"  with Nicci while  Kahlan, without Richard's knowledge and against his wishes, returns to the  Midlands to fight against the Order. The battle scenes are inventive and  intense.  Mr. Goodkind decribes these events as if he was there.  We can  hear the screams of the fallen and smell the blood and carnage, as we  shiver in the cold winters he has described.  But, I wish the story had  been a little different.  I had trouble with some of the actions of the  heroes and heroines.   Richard, in the very beginning of the book, says he  will not fight or lead others in the fight anymore-until they will fight  for themselves.  And he does not.  I understand his reasons, but I disagree  with many of them.   So does most of the other charactors in this book.   Kahlan fights and fights hard and then fights again, until she quits.    During the fight she shows no mercy to anyone, uses torture, and kills  children.  (who are wizards.)  We saw this cruel side of her earlier, but  it is exposed in more detail now.  According to her, trained by her father,  these are sound tactics and are based on logic, reason, and her hatred of  the enemy.   Without being to preachy, I disagree.  During the end of  WWII, German surrendered more quickly to the Americans, because the  American and allies showed mercy.  The war on the eastern front was vicious  and almost never ending.  Kahlan actions, in a normal world, would lengthen  this war and would alienate many potential supporters.  Richard Rahl's  actions are worse.  The chosen leader of many nations, he leaves all his  people to save his wife's life.  Sure it is romantic, but is it  plausible? The fact is, this is the third time that Richard Rahl has been  "kidnapped"   The other times this occurred, when he was taken   by the Mord-Sith and by the Sister of the Light, it fit well within the  context of the story.  Here, it did not.   Worse, due to the nature of the  attack, Richard cannot use magic without Kahlan being killed.  Magic isn't  the only interesting thing about these stories, but it does make them more  fun.  The lack of magic from Richard, from this point on, takes some of the  charm away. Furthermore, it is at this point in the story that this book  takes an unusual turn.  Mr. Goodkind talks, in depth, about the horrors of  communism, without naming it as such.  Indeed, since  the political system  of the Order is never given a specific name, the book can also be seen as  an attack on the medieval church.  But, whatever he is attacking, he does  it at length for large parts of the book.   I enjoyed it! I just wish it  took up less of the book and the story.  If Mr. Goodkind wants to write a  philosphy book, I will buy it! If he wants to write a different fantasy  book, I will buy that too.  But if he wants to write another word of Truth  novel, as opposed to one on philosophy, could I request more story please?   And, a little more magic too.     