 I bought this book because I liked its cover.  The art caught my eye, the  reviews on the back were positive, and the first few pages were  interesting.  Don't make this mistake.  This is a boring book, the hero is  a clod, and the only interesting thing about it is its attempt to write an  interesting plot. This plot centers on Prince Richius, the Jackal.   Prince Richius is leading his men in a distance land against a strange  enemy called the "Drols."  He is moody, depressed, and full of  anquish and self doubts.  He is also disloyal, dishonest, and, for a  fantasy book, an amazingly bad fighter.   While on leave in a small town,  he falls in love with a prostitute who, in reality, is the wife of  "Tharn" a religious fanatic and magician.  Paying for her  services by trading in a knife borrowed from a friend who wanted to be with  her first, Prince Richius develops an obsession for her, almost to the  exclusion of his friendships, family and country.  This is our hero?  A man  who would risk everything on a one night stand? The "villian"  he is supposed to be fighing is "Tharn" a magician.  Good, the  interesting part of the story, right?  Wrong.  Tharn cannot use his magic  to fight without paying a dreadful price.   Thus we have a fantasy book,  where when the magic used, is used sparingly, and is always connected with  religious conotations.  Why did they make this a fantasy book anyway? The  real villian is the Emperor of Prince Richius.  This Emperor is an aging,  evil man who will make his subject pay any price, so that he can live a  little longer. Since he controls the land around Prince Richius, Prince  Richius must cooperate, or his land and family could die.  As such, he soon  finds himself in a dilema.  Does he help this evil man and hurt himself and  his country in the longrun?  Or does he rebel and subject himself and his  country to a terrible ruin? I couldn't care.   A good plot doesn't make a  good story.  We have to love the hero, hate the villian.   We want to see  strange new creatures, fantastic magic, valor against impossible odds.  All  we have here is the whining of the prince and the moody writing of the  author.  I am told that the book was originally written in German.  Maybe I  just had a bad translation, but let me words here be clear.  Read another  book.     