 What would have happened if the Mongols under Genghis Khan faced Alexander the Great, both at their peak strength?  Or, what would have happened to the English if they invaded Turkey at the height of the Ottoman Empire?  If you play this game, you will learn and learn and learn again.  History isn't fixed.  The same armies can win or loss, depending on their commander. Age of Empire II is a real time game which continues and improves on the original. Thirteen societies with different strengths and weaknesses compete for dominance of the world.  Victory can be achieved in three of the four ways found in the older version  - genocide, construction and holding of a "wonder of the world" or capturing all the world's religious artifacts.    The key to any victory will be to exploit your enemies' weaknesses while capitalizing on your strengths. The English archers can fire further and faster, the Turks have gunpowder which is devastating at close range.  The Vikings have stronger ships and the "Bezerkers" who heal on their own.  This is one game where you really should read the instruction book.  The pluses to this game, and there are many, include, (1) new army formations (which I rarely use) (2) new buildings including the "castle" where you can make a special unit unique to your society (3) and an adjustment to the "hit points" of the earlier units.  Gone are the days when you can send one calvary to a new society and wipe it out.  Now they will flee to the town center and shoot you down from relative safety. There are, of course, some negative things.  My pet peeve is that as the game progresses you citizens seem to get dumber.  They will stand next to your men who are being killed and do nothing, waiting for their turn to be slaughtered.  A better program would allow them to fight or flee automatically at the sign of enemies.  I also despise the diplomacy (read bribery) options.  Pay or die is how this game works.  You need to pay off your enemies, or they will destroy you.  I think this could be better designed. As it is all the computer armies attack me right away without mercy.  I kill them of course.  But it would be nice if they didn't focus on me first, every game. Still, all in all, this game is fun!  I have played for many hours and, except for Civilization, this has been my most used computer program.  Fun, fun to play and, right now, its price has been reduced, so there isn't much to pay.  Enjoy it and have fun.     