 Mr. Goodwin, in "Lords of the Horizons" writes in an elegant and enviable style.  I loved his descpitions of the times and places.  It was a modern poem about Ottoman History.  At the same time, his knowledge, research, and schoolarship were superb.  For a history book, this is about as good as it gets.  My only complaint, a minor one, is that the author assumes the reader has some foundation in this subject.  I did not.  As such, the way he organized this book, and how it skips back and forth in time, was a little difficult for me to follow.  Keep with it, however, and you will be rewarded with a very enjoyable read. In particular, "Lords of the Horizons" does two things.  First it details the political history of the Ottoman Empire.  He talks about the first great ruler, Oshman and his descendant.  At first the Ottomans were warrior kings. (warrior sultans) With success and time, they became almost slave kings, doing the bidding of the military and the most recent political cabal.  In this area, the book was good.  However, the author bounces around from time to time and ruler to ruler.  Mr. Goodwin has tried to develop trends in time and history and then apply them to this empire.  His style generally works well, but it was a little confusing.   Where Mr. Goodwin really excells is in his cultural history of the times.  Lords of the Horizons informs the reader of tiny tidbits of histories, very interesting, yet rarely discussed.  For example, the last chapter of this book talks about dogs.  Dogs?  Yes, Mr. Goodwin describes the dogs of the time and how they were almost living sanitation units of the time.   He also has drawing of them, which I enjoyed.  Mr. Goodwin also talks about the food, the dress, the customs of the Ottoman Empire.  The Sultans loved clocks.  The symbol of authority was the tail of a horse.  More tails meant more authority. What type of clothes did the Greek Merchants use?  How did the Ottomans view Christians in Europe vs. Muslims in Iran?  It is all in this book and much more.  The book is a delight and strongly recommended.     