 This movie is bad, boring, and confusing.  There is one scene, near the end, where the plot is explained to us by a surprise guest.   After explaining the plot the "hero" says, words to the effect, "you have to be kidding me!"  I agree.   What happened here?   With some good stars and interesting effects, I am going to have to blame the director 1'st and the story second.  For those of you not discouraged, read on. The basic plot of the movie involves a car thief who gets out of prison after a two years stint.  His good friend, who is to be released the same day as him, gets stabbed in jail.  So, instead of them both being released on the same day, he goes home and his friend, presumably, goes to the morgue.  One problem, his friend's girlfriend, doesn't know about his death.  She is waiting outside the prison for him after writing letters to him for 2 years.   She has never seen him, she has only written letters to him after having gotten his name from some type of jail house support group.    So the "hero" of this film, pretends to be his friend, hooks up with the girl and takes advantage of her.   Sorta of.   There are a few twists and turns here which are suppose to keep you interested, but they don't. Ben Afflect, who plays the "hero" is not very believable as a despicable con.   He is acting and it shows.   If you believed in his character, you almost wished something bad would happen to him.  Well, something bad does so I guess the movie does give the audience a little bit of what it wants, but not much.    The only interesting thing is the acting of Gary Sinse.  I think he did a great job, as normal.   I first saw him in "The Stand" portraying a hero and leader of a small community fighting an evil demon.   Here he is the evil demon, only he is a human being who is psychotic.   In either role, we believe in the person who he creates even if we don't believe in the universe that we find him.  Unfortunately no matter how good he does in this movie, the movie is not good enough to recommend.   Save your money, and time, and skip to a different film.     