 "Ender's Shadow" was a rare book on many levels.  First, Ender's Game, a classic, was followed up by "Speaker for the Dead", a loser.  I was so discouraged by it, I didn't even continue the series.  It just was a different type of book which didn't interest me.  Apparently, I was not alone.  Mr. Card, in his introduction to "Ender's Shadow" writes "I never found it surprising that... the sequels never appealed as strongly to younger readers. "   Well I am 33, but maybe I am young at heart because I just didn't like those sequels.  However, I was so encouraged by his introduction to Ender's Shadow, that I took a chance.  I am very glad I did.  This book is great!  It is one of the rare sequels which is as good as the original.  In some ways, I could even say it was written better but, since I like Ender more then Bean, I liked the first book more, but only by a very slight amount.  Anyway, if you liked Ender's Shadow, at all, buy this book!  "Speaker for the Dead" should not taint you or scare you from this series.  This is the sequel which should have been written years ago. All this, and nothing new really happens.  This book is a story of the Earth\Bugger war told from the perspective of Bean.  Bean was one of Ender's classmates.  He is more then he seemed. Living on the streets of Rotterdam since he was two, Bean learned how to survive and florish where others who were bigger and stronger then him died.  "Battleschool" was almost a vacation for him. Bean, however, is even more then he seems.  What exactly he is, however, is one of the mysteries in this book.  What he clearly is, throughout the book is one of Ender's secret helpers. Without him, the bugger war may have been lost.  But then again, much of the book is written from his perspective. In "Ender's Shadow" we are also treated to a strange yet familiar future.  The uses of technology are shocking, because they could be real.  The "battleroom" featured prominetly in the first book is back.  But other future technologies, less pleasant, also make their debut. The best thing about "Ender's Shadow" is the writing. Mr. Card writes dialogue better then any other writer I know.  The conversations he writes, flow smoothly.  The story reads quickly.  You will almost feel cheated when you are done, because you will think it went by so quickly.  Look again, this book has over 450 pages in it.  It just goes by so quickly, because you won't want it to end.  Thankfully, there is now another sequel.  I hope it follows the same path.  Writing like this needs to continue.     