 Stephen Donaldson is one of the more talented writers in the field today.  However, maybe because he is so talented, his books often taken on different styles or tones.  Unlike most authors, Mr. Donaldson can write two books, on the same topic, and you would think that two different people wrote it.  For example, his most recent success has been the "Gap" Series.  I didn't like them.  (I only read two)  I loved "A Mirror of Her Dreams" and its sequel and the first portion of the Thomas Covenant series.  So for me, his writing is hit or miss.  Here, "Reave the Just" was a miss.  In "Reave the Just" we have a collection of short stories with no connection, except the author.  These stories range from a Djinn (Genie) who haunts a vain man, to a holy vampire, and an immature King who loves to dream.  There are others.  "Reave the Just" is the first story of this collection.  "Reave the Just" is about a person who pretends to know a famous knight, in order to impress a pretty girl.  He learns that famous knights oftentimes have infamous enemies.  Enemies who may strike at those knights through their friends or allies.  He also learns that when you speak the name of the devil, he may appear.  But mostly, he and his "love" learn that sometimes heroes are just famous people and sometimes even little people can be heroic - sorta.   The problem for me, with this story, and the ones that followed, was their tone.  They were all very depressing.  Mr. Donaldson writes in the beginning that one of these stories was written when he was going through a divorce.   I can believe it.  Even the "heroic" stories were very sad.  The stories also take a little bit to long to develop.  While some of the ideas were interesting, none of them seemed to pan out, for me.  To be truthful, I only read 5 of 8 stories. I kept hoping that something would happen, that the "other" Donaldson would appear.  He does not.  (in the first 5)  If you like the Gap novels, for example, maybe you will like this book.  Otherwise, I would steer you to his other books mentioned above.  They are much, much better.     