 Dodge died over 100 years ago, yet this book is still found for sale in many book stores and, of course, on Amazon.com.  That simple truth tells you more about this book then my review could hope too.  Great books survive, bad ones are forgetten. Of course, since I only gave this book four stars, I don't necessarily think it is great.  It is a good book, easy to read and clear on the details.  Since it was written long ago, the clearness of its script, thus, seems even more remarkable.   In Hannibal, Dodge details Hannibal's war with Rome, often referred to as the Second Punic War.  (The first fought by his father, the second came some time (30 years?) afterwards.)  Most historians have heard of Hannibal and the general outline of this war.  Dodge gives great detail based on (1) his own war experience during America's Civil War (2) his own travels of the countries involved in this war and (3) his readings of the older texts.   Each chapter begins with a one page summary, followed by the details of each event listed.   Skip the summaries, and you might enjoy the book more, otherwise, its seems repetitive, because it just was.   Dodge also talks alot about "glory" and honor.  It is strange to hear such comments from a American Civil War veteran.  Not that that war didn't have its share of both, but that the American Civil War is often thought of one of the first "modern wars" where bravery was important but machines made more difference. The truth is different.  Brave men have always, and will always be the key difference between success or failure in any venture. The keen interest of Hannibal's times is that, in part, with so fewer machines or men, it was easier for a great man to make even more of an impact.  Hannibal was that man.  A man who almost changed the direction of the world from a Roman Empire to a Carthigian one.  Dodge's insights and honesty, worth reading 100 years after his death, will have relevence for most historians for at least 100 years to come.     