 Battle Cry of Freedom was a song sung by both side during the American War.  Of course, they both used different words.  But the music was popular, even if the lyrics were different.  It seems that, even in the midst of this war, Americans had much in common.  But not enough, to avoid this war. In "Battle Cry of Freedom", the author does an excellent job portraying the views of all sides and tracing the American Civil War back to General Scott's victory over Mexcio 25 years earlier.  While slavery was always an issue in America, after the Revolution many felt it would eventually wither on the vine.  The constitution prohibited the slave trade after a few years, many northern states outlawed slavery within their borders, and with the coming industrial revolution, slavery was seen as inefficient and costly. With Scott's victory, however, the land available for slavery increased dramatically.  When this land increased, the fighting  between regions in Congress increased as well.   Here is where this book is so different from most books on this topic.  "Battle Cry of Freedom" goes into detail about many possible routes history could have taken. The author discusses southern attempts to invade Cuba, a former doctor/lawyer who recruited men to take over Nicaragua and individual invasions of Baja California.  The South felt that these expansions would create more land where slaves could be held and would have the added bonus of preventing war within our borders while we fought nations outside of them.  Indeed, but for a corrupt offical who wanted a bribe before he would consider selling Cuba, we might have purchased Cuba from Spain 160 years ago. "Battle Cry of Freedom" also discussed many other facts, not found in most Civil War books.  I particularly liked the discussion of foreign policy of the Union and the Confederacy. Both "countries" focused their attention on England and France.  I never knew how close England or France came to recognizing the Confederacy.  Lincoln did.  He actually changed battle plans at least once to prevent France from recognizing the Confederacy. The author also does a good job discussing how, as the war progressed, the aims of both sides changed.  The south armed freed slaves and trained them as soliders.  If this war was about preserving slavery, how could they do that?  The North, on the other hand, fought to preserve the Union.  Soliders quit, in droves, when Lincoln proposed freeing the slaves in rebelling states.  Soldiers were also aloud to quit at the end of their enlistments, which ran for three years.  I never knew that soliders could quit in the middle of the war, on the eve of victory. Over and over this book surprised me with little facts which I never knew.  This is this book's great strength, and part of its weakeness.  In a way, there is almost too much here.  If you read any particular chapter I think you will find that it is well written and interesting.  Together, however, not all the chapters flowed smoothly.  The author will talk about the campaigns on the front in one chapter, and the talk about the peace movement in the next.  By necessity, he would jump back and forward in time as he discussed these different issues.  This can be confusing.   As such, I had a mixed view on this book.  As a historical reference, it is superb.  As I said, each chapter, on its own, is excellent, "five stars."  But, because the organization of the book did detract somewhat from its overall message, I gave it "four stars."  Compared to most books out there, "Battle Cry" is very good.  I just don't think it is excellent, but it was worth the read and worth buying.     