 As of this writing, this DVD has over 2000 reviews.  This, more then anything, tells you how popular it is, even with Keanu Reeves, one of my least favorite actors.  I assume you are probably already familiar with the story so I will only discuss the story, briefly.  I will spend more time, however, talking about the DVD features. The story itself is about a group of people hooked up to a super virtual reality machine.  These people, from birth, are hooked into this machine, called the "Matrix", where they live out their lives, never knowing that they are only part of a very sophisticated computer program.  This program, designed by sentient, self aware, machines is used to enslave these people.   These people stuck in a fantasy world, have their bodies hooked up to machines where they are used as living batteries. From time to time, however, a few of them learn the truth.  These people, who learn the truth, are trying to free the rest of humanity from their current condition. With super special effects, great judo/karate stunts, a fast movie story and memorable and interesting characters; this movie moves fast and is a great time. On a deeper level, it does have some contridictions like (1) why would machines who have a "form of fusion" need these living batteries or (2) how does the Oracle, a character who can see the future, see the future.  Things like this, and other facts, make this more of a science fantasy, not science fiction movie.   This is a small complaint, really just a warning to Science Fiction pursists. I enjoyed it and have seen it many times. Now, for the DVD, critique.  Boo.  They have special features like a "white rabbit" on my version.  Every once in a while, this rabbit shows up on the screen and you can, if you like, push on it and see how that portion of the film was made.  I don't want to be shown how this great movie, is just a movie, in the middle of the event. It take the escapism quality away for me.  Besides this, the DVD had the standard features most of them have, but which I never use.  My advise, buy the DVD, but the one without the Rabbit.     