 Star Wars is back!  The movie looks and feels great.  The special effects are amazing and should really be seen in a movie theater.  In particular, the sound effects were incredible.  Laser beams are shot behind us and to our sides, as spaceships fly by in space.   Again, it all looks great, but what about a good story?  The story found here failed to live up to expectations.  Worse, the story failed on its own, even without the Star Wars reputation to uphold.   Indeed, if this wasn't part of the Star Wars series, or it really was the first movie made in this series, I doubt there would be a second or third movie made.   This film may be enjoyable for kids under 10 [....] But, for everyone else, don't bother.   Go see the Matrix or Starship Troopers instead. What?  How can you say this about a Star Wars film?  Let me explain.   First, a small child, seven or eight, saves everyone twice.  In one instance there is a battle scene where skilled veterans are being destroyed yet this little kid can fly a space craft there and, eventually, save the day.  Doesn't say much for the other pilots does it?  Yes, that child is young Darth Vader but, so what.  He still is only a boy. Or is he? His mother made some statements suggesting that young Vader may be something more.  The mother is also a  virgin?  Barring a religious expectation, how is that possible?  If he was made in a laboratory.  Indeed, the Jedi in this book take some of his blood  to determine his potential as a Jedi.  Boo.  Is this the real magic of the force, genetic engineering? From here, it only gets worse.  The main new character, Jar-Jar, is designed for five year olds.   He doesn't look real, more like a bad plastic toy and he is really annoying.  The Queen, is bland, boring, but, of course, "democratically elected."   The battle scenes are, for the most part, robot v. robot.  So, who really cares who wins or loses?  There were some good parts to this story.  I liked the fights between the Jedi Knights.  They looked nice and were well choreographed.  The special effects were good.  And the potential for the next film is there.  Personally, I have to reluctantly recommend against viewing this film.  If you have a five year old, okay, let them watch it.  Otherwise, this movie wasn't fun.  It just wasn't worth watching.     