 The full title of this book is The Professor and the Madman, A Tale of  Murder, Insanity and the Making of the Oxford English Dictionary.   Curiously, this is only one of at least two books on this topic.  Stranger  still, the first few pages has many, many, reviews - all postive, from  people who have never agreed on anything, until they read this book.   Intriqued, I purchased it.  The title, of course, gives you a general  outline about this book.  But the author, Mr. Winchester, has written about  much more then the long title suggests.  This books is also about personal  relationships, history, and, indirectly, the death penalty today.   First  though, it is a book about the dictionary.  Specifically the Oxford English  Dictionary or the OED.  I love learning the history of words so, in a way,  the history of the book of words, the dictionary, was a nature step.    Mr. Winchester talks about the history of the dictionary from Samuel  Johnson to the reference books relied upon by William Shakesphere.  In the  process he also talks about how other nations from France to Italy defined  themselves, in part, but how they created books to define their words.   France, for example, is still guarding its language from the encroachment  of foreign langages - usually American English or Japanese. But this book  is about much more then that.  The author has done alot of research, and it  shows.  His command of the facts and the times is amazing.  I learned new  things, for examples, about the American Civil War, even though I was a  history major who has studied this period, intermitedly, for the past 10  years. More impressive is his desciption of the charactors.  Each person  here is a real in this book as they were in real life.  Well, I never met  them so I can't say for sure, but the entire book has the feeling of a  letter from an old friend.  The letter may say something important, or not,  but the way it is written and the references that an old friend can make,  which makes the letter come alive.   After reading this book I was  actually a little sad that I would not be visiting with these people again,  my new/old friends.  I was hoping for a sequel which, based on the subject  material, is impossible.  I will just have to satify myself with  Mr.  Winchester's next efforts, which, I hope will be soon.     