 By the rank,subject, and age of this book, I doubt many, if anyone, will  read this review.  Thus, if you are reading these words, you are probably  one of the few who already enjoys reading about ancient history and are  just trying to decide which book in this area you will read next.   If this  is you, read this book. Personally I knew some things, but not much about  this war.  Kagan discusses, in detail, the views of three of four  historians on the causes and origins of the war, how the war  could of been  avoided, and how it was fought. What is maddening is that he often repeats  what two or three people say, and then tells you why they are are wrong.    If you are not familiar with the war, this approach can be confusing.   However, if you have time or already familiar with the "Archidamian  War", this book is very satisfying.  After reading this book, you will  have a clearer understanding about the war and the people who fought it.    Personally, I am a political junkie. I found myself so fascinated with  the stunning details about the passions and politics of these people that  they seemed as clear and as relevent to me as any story in the news today.    This is Kagan's gift.  With marvelous use of analogies plucked from  every time and corner of history, he shows how Thuclyides was right, events  repeat themselves.  The form is always a little different, but often almost  the same as some past drama. This 2500 years old war is relevent today, not  just for drama or historians, but for both moderen politicians and military  stratigists. If we choose to listen. My only concern for this book is  that, with the gaps in the records, much of Kagan work is as much fiction  as history.  He tells us what he believes to be the most probable reasons  why this event occured or why something else happened.  But, in the end,  those are only educated deductions from the record, not what actually  happened.  Kagan, in particular, sees man as more rational creature then,  in my view, he actually is.  Men and women often do things for no reasons  or, for very bad ones.      Kagan assumes city-states were more rational  then men, when a city-state is just a collection of men.  Men who are very  irrational at times.   Still, this is a small criticism.  The book is  great.  Read it and remember, it is easier to learn from other's mistakes  then to make them yourself.  Thank you Mr. Kagan.     