 This story is a fictional version of Gettysburg based on the writer's imagination of what critical characters would have thought and done during this battle.   As the work is based on the writings and reports of the battle by its participants, it is easy to forget that large parts of the "Killer Angels" are untrue.  Instead, as you read this story, you will be transported back to the fields of Gettysburg where, when you are done, you will remember the battle as if you were there yourself. "The Killer Angels" is especially good at showing the chaos of war and the impact and effect of individual solders on a battle fought by over 200,000 men.   While both sides had its heros and villains, a few in particular stick out after reading this story.    Burford, an unknown commander, seized the high ground on the first day of this battle.  His men alone and unsure if aid would arrive, saved the best ground for the Union.   Yet later General Sickles, a Union commander, abandoned a position on top of a hill, Little Roundtop, because for some strange reason he didn't like it.   But for the actions of a little known Colonel named Chamberlain, the Union may have been flanked on the second day of the battle.    Newly appointed General Meade, for that matter, incredibly wanted to abandon this beautiful position after the second day.  Only when all of his commanders disagreed, in writing, would he agree to stay.     Jeb Stuart, a calvary general, was missing during the critical first few days of battle.    As such, the South did not know what forces they were facing, where they were, or where the best terrain was.  Their earlier efforts were gravely hampered by this ignorance.  Incredibly the author, deftly, attacks the legendary General Lee.  Lee was warned, repeatedly, by Longstreet that they South could flank the Union.  Lee refused, however, to alter his battle plans.  Later Lee was warned not to have Pickett's men cross of a mile of land under the barrage of Union cannons and devastating rifle fire.   He made his decision, put it in God's hands, and watched as an army, his army, was destroyed before his eyes. To his credit Lee does later admit his errors. In its 36th printing, this book has been popular since its release in 1968.  If you have any interest in the Civil War or Military History, I think you will enjoy this novel as you witness human courage, loyality and honor under the most extreme circumstance possible, the fires of perhaps the most important battle in the Civil War.     