 This book is a sequel, of sorts, to Ender's Game.  Instead of discussing events after this novel, it discuss the Earth|Bugger war from the perspective of "Bean" one of Ender's generals.  Actually the fifth book in this series, it is the best sequel to date and, in some ways, actually rivals "Ender's Game."  Indeed, in the introduction, the author admits that the original sequels were for a different audience, then Ender's Game.  Why?  If you write a successful book, shouldn't the sequel focus on the fans which made the first book successful?  More insulting, Mr. Card seems to believe that, because more children enjoyed his first book then the sequels that the sequels had a "mature" focus.  No Mr. Card the sequels were focused on a different audience, not a more sophisticated one. Thankfully, in Ender's Shadow the author recognized his mistake and finally writes a sequel to Ender's Game worthy of the original. In Ender's Shadow the book traces the life of "Bean" from the streets to the stars.  A homeless three year old, Bean fought with other children for trash, just to live.  Finding allies in the street, however, he began to thrive - as much as possible in that enviorment.  A warning, some of the scenes here are intense. For example, Bean is beaten up by a bigger child who makes him throw up.  This child then eats some of the vomit. Eventually, Bean is discovered by a Nun who sends him to battle school.  His scores, his talents are even highter then Ender, but Bean came a little too late.  In addition, he may not be human.  Back on Earth, the Nun searches for the truth even as his teachers argue about his suitability for leadearship. Like Ender, Bean has trouble and trials in battleschool.  We learn, as well, that he had some special connections to Ender, that even Ender did not know.   As a sequel, this novel rivals the original. Which story you like better will probably depend on which you read first.  I loved Ender's Game.  Ender's Game has a little bit more humor in its pages, a softer edge.  Ender's Shadow is a bit more harsh.  As such, I prefer Ender's Game. Again, both are excellent.  Ender's Shadow is highly recommended, especially for people disappointed with the original sequels.  I now look for to the next book, which I believe is already out.     