 This book, among other things, is a blistering attack on the  stupid leaders in this war. In one sentence, for example, Mr. Marshall describes a general he respected and reveals his own attitude about most of the other generals in this war.  "He was less loved then mistrusted by others of this rank because he was suspected of harboring brains." (412)    Blunt, is the author's middle name.   Or, for example, on American military procedure, Marshall talks a lot about morale.  He states that, initially, "One of (the A.E.F.s) egregious blunders (was that) line companies were compelled to bury their own battle dead.  They should have been spared this, for human emotions are no less fragile on the battlefield then elsewhere." (p.410)   I would never have thought about what a toll this would take on solders.  Neither, at first, did their generals.   As Marshall says "having to cut dog-tags and shovel dirt in a dead friend's face was the heartbreaker."  (P.410)   Expressed this bluntly, I understood. This is the charm, and sometimes the distraction, of this book.  It is very honest and clear as a former general, who was a mere foot solider during WWI, details the origins and outcomes of the most import war in modern history.   Sometimes his writing can be a little slow, but there is so much knowledge of the events and military doctrine that any serious reader of history, and anyone would wants a good primer of this war, should buy and enjoy this book.   More then anything else, however, I had bought this book to learn about America's participation in this war.   Mr. Marshall delivers.  He describes the bravery, and the naivety, of WWI veterans. From their first losses, to their first major victory, we learn that America's contribution to this war was much more important then is usually acknowledged.     America did not merely tip the balance in favor of the Entente.  American confidence was vital in restoring French and English hopes.  American bravery was decisive in winning crucial battles. (like Amiens)  American solders did not win this war by themselves, but Mr. Marshall makes clear that they were not second string or second level solders.   If anything Marshall's admiration for them seems to be in direct inverse proportion to his loathing of their leaders, especially Wilson.   President Wilson has had a great reputation for a long time with many people.  After reading this book, I have to wonder why. First, after he asked for a declaration of war, which was approved, Congress gave him an ovation. Wilson stated "Think of what it was they were applauding.   My message of today was a message of death for our young men.  How strange to applaud for that."  (p. 281) For me, this was a strange comment.  Wilson speech was designed to stir these people to action.  When it did, he seemed to harbor second thoughts.  Wilson always seemed to think he knew more then most men around him. Thus, later in the war, the Germans sent a letter to him directly, asking for terms based on Wilson's "14 points."  The same president concerned about "our young men" did nothing for days.  He didn't tell his allies about this peace proposal; he didn't tell his generals that they may be able to tone down the fighting.  His actions were to have serious consequences later on. Even at that time, however, the British wrote that Mr. Wilson answer to the Germans was a "complete usurpation of the power of negotiation.  He practically ignores us and the French."  (p.444)   While Mr. Wilson crusaded on a utopian platform, his own general stated that "the damage done by the war forbade leniency toward Germany."  Worse was to come. After an armistice was declared, American troops were suppose to come home quickly, but there weren't enough ships.  Mr. Wilson kept many of them in Europe longer then necessary, because he held up a large ship for his own use.  Against all advice, he came to Europe to negotiate a peace treaty.  Even after losses for his party in the latest elections, Mr. Wilson refused to bring along any influential Republican leaders.  When he arrived in Europe, he refused to visit the lands the Germans destroyed giving the impression that he was avoiding "the ugly sights" because it might "ruin his impartiality as the arbiter of a just peace." (P.461.) His arrogance seemed almost boundless. Returning with a flawed treaty, which he negotiated, Mr. Wilson stated that "it has come about by no plan of our conceiving but by the hand of God who led us this way." (P.479) Mr. Wilson's arrogance now was boundless.  Yet, no matter how close to God he thought he was, other felt differently.  In the end, Lansing, his own secretary of state, his personal adviser, Col. House, and the Senate, two times, rejected this treaty.   Marshall says the end of the war "had been a victory of sorts, but what the victors celebrated chiefly was that mass death, after four years, had taken a holiday.  The illusion was that all of humanity would profit by the great lesson."  (P.455)  As we know now, Europe apparently didn't learn enough as WWII came so soon after.     