 This series is great.  This book is not.  If you read this book, when compared to the other Amber novels, you will understand why this book is a disappointment. First, this book has two stories within it.  I could be wrong, but it seems like the stories found here were parts of a magazine series put together to form one book.  The first story, outside of some of the same characters, has little to do with the second story found here.   As such, I will treat each story seperately and judge them accordingly. If you can, skip the first story.  It was horrible.  It lacked every good quality which made the first book such a classic.  In the first book Corwin, with no memory and recovering from an assassination attempt, still manages to gather forces together which eventually allow him to challenge his brother Eric for the thrown of Amber.  When he loses, his eyes are cut out and his is imprisoned for life.  While he does suffer, he still dreams of revenge and eventually escapes from prison with the hopes of attacking and beating Eric in the future.  In every sense of the word, Corwin is a hero. In this book, Corwin is a coward.  He runs away from Amber to Avalon.  While there, he seems to be afraid of one of his old henchmen, Ganelon, who is the leader of a group of men he finds there.  Eventually revealing himself to Ganelon, they join force to fight a strange foe found in the forest.  This story is a "2" in my eyes. It was predictable.  It was boring.  It added nothing to this series. The second story, however, is much better.  Corwin, trying to return to Amber, mets one of his brothers.  He also plans again for the thrown and mets someone who may be his brother's granddaughter.  He fights and runs, but seems to regain some of the character found in the first book.   I have read book 3, and the second part of this book leads nicely into it.  It is only for this reason that I would recommend reading this book.  Since the whole series, overall, is quite good, I just thought those of you who might get discouraged by the beginning of this book should take note: it does get better.  Zelazany is a good writer, he just was a little off beat in the first story.     