 Hal Davis joins Jay Foonsberg in a very narrow publishing field -giving advice to new attorneys, or old ones trying to go into practice for themselves.  In "Teach Me to Solo" Mr. Davis talks about his experiences in the legal field and about some things other attorneys can do to make the transition a little easier.   The advice isn't in depth, but he does a fair job of covering some of the basic issues new attorneys may face.  "Teach Me to Solo" starts with a  pep talk in the first chapter called "You can do it."  I always liked Henry Ford, in this regard, who said "Whether you think that you can, or that you can't, you are usually right. " In other words, you are your biggest asset, or liability, in your quest for success. Still, a pep talk can't hurt.   Davis then goes on to discuss his advertising experiences, how you can get new clients, and everything else from font types for letters to whether you should buy or lease furniture. The beginning of this book shows some promise, but then Mr. Davis meanders and spends too much time on what I would consider "fluff" issues.    For example, in Chapter 7 he talks about your "Image" as an attorney.  I can condense it.  You need to take pride in your appearance and your work.  If you look like a bum, why should I pay you $200 dollars an hour to work for me?  The same hold true for how your office appears, your letters to others, and your business cards. In my opinion, if you don't already know these things, you are not going to make it as an attorney. The key issues, for young attorneys, are new clients and "covering the nut," a term used to signifying being able to pay your monthly expenses.  In this regard, I would give attorneys here the same advice I give them in person, "read business books."  As an attorney you have the same problems as any other  business person with extra restrictions imposed on you by the bar.  If you read what has worked in other businesses, you can get a better idea what may work for you. I would also advise you to make sure that your practice as least one "cash field."  For example, on criminal cases the smart attorney always gets paid in advance.  Who can pay bills from behind bars?  Other fields, for example, personal injury, are usually done on a contingency basis.  You can take some of these cases, but you won't get paid for six months to two or three years.  Since you need to pay your bills now, you have to have a good mix. Advise like this, more practical in my view, is missing from this book.  To be fair, Mr. Davis does discuss some of these issues.  I just didn't think he went into enough depth.  His chapter on financing is one page and says to use credit cards or stay at your day job until you are making enough money.  Do you really need to buy a book for that? Also, since I mentioned  Mr. Foonsberg, I would have to say that, if you own his book, you don't need this one.  The reverse applies as well.  For the most part both of these books cover the same areas and, remarkably, in a very similiar fashion.  So, if you are short on money, don't buy both of them.  One or the other, however, may prove useful.  Good luck.     