 I originally ordered this book from Amazon, but came across it at a local bookstore and flipped through the pages there before my shipment arrived.  I saw a lot of soy-based recipes and some others with exotic sounding ingredients, and was afraid I had made a mistake and that nothing would suit my family's taste.  Although I am not fully a vegetarian, I am trying to move my cooking in that direction, but dragging a not-so-willing family to the tofu case is not easy.  However, when the book arrived from Amazon, I saw that I had worried for nothing.  While there is a chapter on "Celebrating Soyfoods" here, this is by no means the bulk of the book.  Nor are exotic ingredients the main staples, though there are some called for here and there.  But in a 1000+ page cookbook, there truly is room for something for everyone's taste.  And every recipe I have tried has ranged from "pretty good" to "excellent".  Some recipes are very simple, like the poached oranges, which I made for Thanksgiving.  Simple, but I would never have thought of using bay leaves in the poaching liquid, but I agree that the flavor turned out to be haunting, as described.  Many of the recipes are labor intensive, but you can often cook once for 2 meals, or have leftovers, or freeze some, etc. so it is not as bad as it may seem at first.  There is also a chapter on quick recipes, too, for the midweek time-crunched evenings.  All in all, an excellent cookbook, one I have been cooking almost exclusively from since it arrived.  And, you can add me to the contingent of people who loved the personal commentary sprinkled throughout.  If you are the kind of person who likes to curl up with a good book - even a cookbook - then I am confident you will enjoy this one (though at 1000+ pages, curling up is a bit difficult...) If you are looking for variety in your cooking and are even slightly intrigued by the sounds of this book, I'd say go ahead and buy it.  With so many recipes for the price, you're bound to get your money's worth.     