 I believe that I first heard of MaryJane from the Food Network's "Food Finds" show.  Intrigued, I checked out her website, and ordered a few products, along with an issue of her magazine.  I was pleased with what I received and ordered more of both.  And when I heard that she would be coming out with a book, I put it on my wish list before it was published...but then I sort of forgot about it.  Recently, I was perusing my wish list, looking for an item to fill up an order so that it would qualify for free shipping, and I spied this book.  It was considerably more than I needed to spend, but for some reason, it felt right.  So I ordered it, not knowing exactly what to expect -- would it just be a rehash of the magazine?  How can something be an "Ideabook, Cookbook, Lifebook"?  Having received it, now all I can say is "WOW"!  I am definitely more than pleased with my purchase.  While not an exhaustive report on any one subject, it is overflowing with tidbits about such a variety of topics that I am truly amazed.  And I can see why it was named "Ideabook, Cookbook, Lifebook".  MaryJane touches on everything from her daughter's beautiful farm wedding, to ways to easily sprout seeds, to a how-to on building your own "wall tent", to vintage embroidery patterns for kitchen towels.  There's a primer for most of the basic stitches in sewing.  There are recipes and reminiscences.    Advice on cutting kindling.  Vacation ideas.  Breathtaking photos.  And most importantly, there is inspiration.  If you want to buy a few acres and start your own farm, this book gives you some ideas to explore.  If you want to sell your produce, this book gives you sources for supplies.  If you want the best garden hoe, the best food dehydrator, the purest jam -- this book tells you where to go.  And if you're just a "farmgirl" at heart, this book feels like your best friend.  There are so many tidbits tucked here and there throughout the book that I imagine that most people would find something to pique their interest.  As a matter of fact, when I was flipping through the book, trying to find an item I had seen before and wanted to share with my husband, he stood over my shoulder, repeatedly stopping me when he spotted something that caught his eye.  Trust me, that usually doesn't happen.  Our reading interests don't often overlap.  (But I'm pretty sure I could talk him into building a wall tent now!)  All in all, if you're at all interested in this topic, I really don't think you could go wrong with this book.        