 Even with hundreds of gigabytes of internal hard-drive storage, it became evident that an external drive would provide a single-location redundancy backup of the countless DVD+R and CD-R backup discs, and would also facilitate installation whenever reformatting any of the numerous systems under consideration, by providing a portable source for the files.  Calculating the cost of a ready-made external versus minutes of do-it-yourself work, the choice was obvious. It required only a sale on a 300-GB HDD for under 100 bucks and this casing at regular price. Cost-wise it was the same as a 160-GB ready-made unit after rebates.  An assessment of requirements for the case yielded: * expansive size, this has up to 400-GB capacity * power-off capability without software shut-down [hot-swapping] * USB 2.0 along with 1.1 backwards compatibility * built-in cooling, for possibly extended usage per session * and a properly-made case itself, preferably metal  Of the several cases within grasp's reach, this was the only one with all of the above features prominently listed and advertised on the box itself. Even another case on sale was passed up on, due to the uncertainty of its specifications. This was ultimately the deciding factor, a lesson to manufacturers.  A single Philips' screwdriver was the only additional hardware/equipment requirement. Being the first hard-disk enclosure personally installed, a time of at least 40-minutes was allocated for error-correction. It was too generous, this required nothing more than unplugging the power-light wire, sliding the 'internal' drive carefully into the slot, securing the drive itself within the case with included screws, then reattaching the light-wire and closing and sealing the case itself. Opening the two hardware boxes may have taken longer than the actual installation.  Plugging in the power-cord and USB-2.0 wire, Windows XP immediately recognized it upon switching the drive on, both for a desktop and laptop. The full 300-GB drive was available. The case itself is darker than the cover shows, and the aluminum picks up thumbprints very easily. Perhaps too quickly over 100-GB had been copied in. Turning off the power-switch very tentatively the first time, the drive shut off cleanly, the icon was removed automatically from the system display. Turning it back on a minute later, the icon returned. 50-GB more was copied in. 300-GB external drive for under 150 before tax.  There is a stand included to prop the drive to a vertical position. A week later and with 75-GB more copied in, it remains reliable. Even at retail price this external-drive casing is a highly recommended purchase, and on sale it is even more so.     