 Oscillatory function is at the root of all natural phenomena.  Comprehending this behavior as a mathematically pure process is a basis  through which countless aspects of the sciences and the arts can be  explained, described, and even creatively elaborated upon. The effects of  the physical manifestation of waves, and the inevitable complexities  resulting from their interaction with the environment, are essential  considerations as well. The pages of this work are information-dense,  providing physical, geometric, and mathematical descriptions of vibrations.  Introducing the sine-wave, vectors and complex-exponentials as the  fundamentals of periodic motion, the topics then progress to combining  vibrations, masses and springs, harmonic and torsional oscillation, forced  vibrations, coupled oscillators, Fourier analysis, orthogonal functions,  energy transporting, decay of free vibrations, nuclear and optical  resonance, diffraction and inference patterns to briefly name but a few.  Physical considerations and methods are discussed in detail as well, and  exercises at the end of each chapter indicate what the reader is expected  to have extracted from each section [selected answers are provided]. The  text within each section is written in an extremely clear, systematic and  enthusiastic manner and speaks to an intelligent, inquisitive beginner of  the subject matter. The numerous excellent black-and-white illustrations  diagrams and photographs supplement the written descriptions admirably. The  typefaces and even the feel of the paper of the book are high quality and  elegant. This is an introductory work regarding oscillatory analysis,  however some mathematical knowledge is assumed by implication. Within the  first 15 pages alone are equations which include derivatives, vectors,  polar coordinates, complex numbers, and infinite series. It is probably  best treated as a supplementary work to an on-going effort in mathematics,  the natural sciences, or engineering. Essentially a good foundation in  calculus should be sufficient. Given such background so as to understand  the crucial mathematics, this work provides an incredible array and range  of topics. The preface indicates that this series, by MIT Press, was  established to assist in the educational process specifically, and it was  tested and evaluated with this objective. As such this book is inherently a  supplementary work, and prepares the reader for further research in and  comprehension of an incredible range of subjects. Quantum physics, music,  human movement, engineering disciplines, the natural sciences, astronomy  and more have oscillation as a common thread and basis of understanding.  The mechanics of the vibrational processes underlying all of these are  elaborated upon to an amazing level of detail and precision within this  work. This book gets my highest recommendation for the focused subject  matter it so eloquently and successfully discusses.     