 Textbooks on the mathematical disciplines of combinatorics, probability, and statistics abound. Yet while many of these works make mention of their applicability to games, strategy, and other inherently random activities,  few if any of these books provide any in-depth analysis of these  subjects. This work addresses such topics eloquently and with a  remarkably satisfying level of detail. It is in essence a synthesis of  mathematical rigour and pragmatic realism, striking an excellent balance  between the two. Providing diagrams of gambling tables alongside  mathematical equations and graphs alone makes this an unique contribution  to the field. Beyond this, the prose is exceedingly perinent and  well-written, leading even the uninitiated toward maturity and  understanding of each topic under discussion. Subject matter begins with  one of the most basic probability topics, coin-tossing, and then progresses  rapidly into realms of incredible richness and complexity. Card games,  stock market speculation, games requiring pure skill including board games,  and then other various ones such as horse-racing, discussion of fallacies,  and military strategy, are dealt with in a mature, skillful, rigorous  fashion. Upon completion of each chapter one can expect to have a  fundamental mathematical framework on subjects which previously may have  seemed utterly random and chaotic. Terms such as chance, luck, and fortune  will be inevitably refined and redefined. Mathematical maturity is  requisite to gaining a full understanding of the contents of this book. If  lacking in this arena, one recommendation is to begin by reading merely the  prose, then when personal interest and motivation are sufficiently great,  consult introductory works on the various math disciplines. Schaum's  workbooks are ideal for this, as they provide both an introductory flavor  and hundreds of fully solved problems. Dover publications on mathematics,  logic and science are extremely affordable, and provide a tremendous range  of subject matter. The latter have the decided disadvantages of often  beginning with a higher initial level of sophistication, and typically  leaving exercises unsolved. Related scientific topics of interest to this  work include discrete mathematics, including combinatorics, matrices,  probability, statistics. Certainly the calculus and graph theory should be  included in this list as being fundamental. Further reaching topics include  game theory, information theory, mathematical programming, and then chaos  theory, fractal geometry, and computability and complexity theory.  Pertinence to the natural sciences and philosophy should be obvious as  well. Enjoy the pursuit.     