 Whether your personal focus is upon mathematics, engineering, physics, or even computer science or the arts, this work provides a superb instructional foundation for applied mathematics.  Beginning with  differentiation and integration, the text continues on its mathematical  journey, taking the reader through complex numbers, linear algebra,  differential equations, even LaPlace transforms and Fourier series. It then  ends with overview chapters on such varied topics as graph theory, set  theory, boolean algebra, probability and statistics. In addition there is a  section devoted to using symbolic computing with applications such as  Mathematica, which are essential to anyone interested in learning or using  mathematics today.  The overall look of the book is exquisite. The  typefaces, equations and graphs are a pleasure to the eye (even as they  grow substantially in complexity). The prose discusses the subject matter  with rigor, yet is easy to read and guides gradually and  carefully.  Anyone wishing to review the fundamentals of mathematics or to  further the education started through school will find this book to be a  joy to go through. Solutions to many exercises are provided in an  appendix.  The softcover edition is highly durable. Upon completion of  every chapter the reader will have substantial expertise in or exposure to  major branches and topics of mathematics. For this wealth of information to  have so low a cost is remarkable.  Highest possible recommendation, with  superlative marks in virtually all categories of review.  ** UPDATE FOR THIRD EDITION :  The formatting of the book has been changed subtly but noticeably, maintaining the original elegance. Content has been changed and restructured minimally.  Perhaps the most significant change, is that every one of the hundreds of exercises in the 41 chapters of this book has now been solved, and is available at the publisher's website in Acrobat (.PDF) format. The link is provided in the book itself.   Additionally, there are far more Mathematica projects than earlier editions, several per each chapter in fact, and again, programmatic-solutions for all of these are provided at another site, its link also in the book. These are in .NB (Mathematica NoteBook) format, and can be read by any text-editor including Notepad. They can also be viewed and tested using Mathematica Reader, a free program distributed by Mathematica's author, available for Windows, Mac OS, and Linux.  These significant updates fully address what was arguably the only previous weakness in this fine work.     