 There is an undeniable rapport which every one of us has with the human form. It has been shown that even newborn infants almost immediately recognize and differentiate between faces and expressions. The human face and body remain amongst the most complex physical instruments known, and the scientific and artistic expression of them has remained a priority throughout past and present civilizations. This work is a classic in the field, and for perhaps the first time introduced the general public with a methodology of constructing any human figure, in any posture, purely from imagination, without the need for a posing model. The basis of this system is the concept that any part of the human body can be simplified into a handful of fundamental geometric shapes, which can then be connected in space, and then interact with one another. This approach culminates in the astonishingly realistic construction of the human form in action, of which numerous examples are provided. The emphasis is always upon the spontaneous creation of human characters, projected from three dimensions upon a two dimensional surface. Most disciplines and endeavors, and consequently the practitioners within it, tend to become complacent, increasingly relying upon a fixed set of tools and habits. This system, in contrast, is sufficiently general that any posture of any form, at any angle of view, can be drawn with equal facility. Just as there is a standard for cursive handwriting, yet eventually each individual projects their own unique personality and style into their writing, this system begins with a standard of figures, yet allows and actually encourages justifiable stylistic changes. Furthermore, the actual form itself need not be limited to any particular type. One need merely alter the proportions and distances of the geometric archetypal shapes, and the new character, with its unique and symbolic composition, will be well on its way to creation. The figures in this work were wisely kept in an ideal stage, for it is from that form that any other can be created, as deviations from that standard. In this way differences in height, weight, and age, for example, can be readily projected upon the character, and their own personal story will be indelibly and visually told. Hogarth instructed for years at the world-renown Pasadena Art School, and has also written numerous books supporting this one, including one focusing upon anatomy, as well as detailed books on rendering the hands and feet, not to mention an incredible work on drawing the human face. Remarkably inexpensive when the information provided is considered, the entire collection serves as a foundation for the spontaneous creation of characters whose physical form is symbolic of their capabilities and attitude, always completely independent of the artist having ever viewed a similar living representative. Do not hold the mistaken belief that examples are limited to the pages of this work. Throughout movie storyboarding, comics, fashion design, medical illustrations, Japanese Anime, and commercial art, you will discover this system being put into practice, through some of the most respected artists of their fields. This is a system which ultimately facilitates artistic creativity, and deservedly receives the highest possible ratings for its pedagogic contribution.     