 I bought this book after hearing the author on a talk show. I recalled the case and the author's allusions to masculinity intrigued me enough to purchase and read the book. I even gave the book to others to read. I found it very interesting. It's a riveting account of a rape, really a story about the strong taking advantage of the weak. The perpetrators were a group of athletes. The victim was a retarded girl. However, as time has passed and I reflect upon this book, I share alot of the views of those that have given the book negative reviews. I think alot of what's in the book is just plain unfair, plays on people's stereotypes about athletes and reflects the author's resentments against privilege. For instance, the party that trashed the girl's house didn't even involve the perpetrators. Instead, its suppose to reflect something about the callousness of an affluent suburb. I can't help but think that this author is using this terrible event as an indictment against socio-economic privilege. The perpetrators were from a privileged class: they lived in an affluent area and were part of a popular group, highschool athletes. They did reflect the town's values of materialism and athlete worship. However, it's just unfair to paint a whole town or class for the acts of a few. There are countless examples of less privileged people behaving badly. There are plenty of examples of evil acts by every socio-economic group. These hierarchies in our society reflect material wealth, not moral uprightness or moral turpitude (There may be some individuals who believe that material wealth is a reflection of one's  moral superiority but their beliefs are just as wrong as the author's). Moreover, it seems to me that the author really resents the accolades the high school athletes receive and this resentment informs his narrative. For the author, it's the town of Glen Ridge or society which celebrates athleteism and materialism which appears to be as equally guilty as the perpetrators of a rape. Come on! Not only is that a huge leap in logic, but it's pandering to a resentment some feel against those who are more privileged or more popular. If the author dropped this underlying agenda, he would have had a more accurate account - but maybe not a sensational one.     