 4.95 stars: I usually never give a 5 star rating but this game comes very close.  This game replicates the best simulation of the game of basketball in ANY level : highschool/college/pro ... even amatuer.  I will list the good and bad points of the game below, and help compare the game with others out on the market : Good Points : Gameplay : 1.The game defense AI is incredible.  The cpu actually plays the passing lanes on defense.  There are no cheap passes in the game.  Even inbounding the ball is a challange at times. 2.Gameplay flow is true to life.  For instance, if you have a hot player shooting lights out, go to him, he'll hit most of his shots, just like in real life.  Vice Versa, if the cpu has a hot player, the cpu will also go to him, good AI move by sega.   In addition, the flow of the game reflects team runs more than any other.  If the cpu is scoring on a streat, you MUST call a timeout or find a way to stop them or you will be blown out.  And the same goes with your team as well! 3.Zone Defenses!  Has a variety of zone defesnes that you can choose from that the other products out don't.  This helps alot when you go up against perimieter shooting teams. 4.Challanging AI where you cannot really beat this game after a week.  Whenever I play, and I have 3-4 wins in a row and think I've figured the game out, the CPU makes adjustments and beats me!  Winning one game is a great satisfaction since the game is very difficult. 5.Player ratings count in this game, same as skill sets, just like the real nba. 6.Options are good :Franchise mode is adequte, and NBA STREET COURT mode is fun to play. Cons : 1.Goaltending bugs :  there sometimes are goaltending calls when the ball is clearly below the rim. 2.FreeThrows : Free throws are too easy in this game with the analog sticks.  The problem is that you can make free throws regardless of who's shooting.  They seem to have forgotten to implement the different player ratings in the free throw code(whereas last years NBA2K1 did).  So you can  be Shaq who should be terrible in the free throw department but isnt once you figure out how to make free throws. Compared to the other games on the market, this is the best this year (I have only played the PS2 version). Nbalive2002 doesn't come close is simulating a real nba game as NBA2K2 does.  Nbalive2002 is more a simulation/arcade which would probably be better suited for younger kids.  NBA2K2 has a large learning curve when trying to be successful at the game.     