 ...  I do own both these game and have played them extensively and let me put down what I think I like about both games so that it could help you decide which one to buy.  Personally, I would recommend buying both : First let me start off my saying both are excellent games but both are truly 2 different games.  For those of you who are use to madden, dont think you can jump right in and play nfl2k3, and vice versa, both play completely different. Madden2003: ----------- This game is more for the casual football player.  Madden is very polished and has options galore.  If your into stat tracking, Madden is the game for you then.  This game is very deep in all areas which will appeal to many people.  It is truly the game for the person who just wants to pick up and play and not really have to think football.  It is more of a family game in some aspects because of it's simplicty.   Plus': ----- Graphics : Very good graphics, player models are done uniquely  and stadiums are dead on perfect in this game.  Also nice touches to the field textures and postplay animations.  The game is very polished graphically, it really looks like a masterpiece. Gameplay : very easy to pick up gameplay.  Momentum based physics adds a lot to this game where it keeps the game realistic in terms of how players get hit and how they respond to tackles.  This is truly more of an offensive minded game and that equates to more fun for some.  Stat tracking is the best bar none in madden and the options can't be matched in any other game. Sound : The football sounds and extra sounds are done very well in this game.  Al Micheals and John Madden give the game a professional feel when annoucing althougth sometimes they get reptitive.   Minus' ----- The only drawback in this game would be that the game is more cpu based than user based.  So you can do everything right but if the cpu decides that it wants to complete a pass this down, well , it'll complete a pass that down.  Sometimes the game may feel a bit too scripted. --------------------------------------------------------------- NFL2K3 ------- This game is truly for the football minded technician or football minded coach.  In this game, you have to know how to read the defensive formations, the kind of offensive plays you run, and the kind of players/teams you control.  The best word I can use to describe this game is INTENSITY, because it is truly like you are playing an NFL game.  This game is more of a user based game, so everything is up to the player rather than the computer to succeed.  It's like putting your football mind into each player you control.   Plus': GRAPHICS : Excellent player models and stadiums.  Uses the ESPN license so it's based off of SPORTSCENTER and ESPN telecast, very profesional tv style look to it. Excellent Animations. Excellent player faces. GAMEPLAY : More user based than cpu based.  You must know football to win at this game.  It's more of a head coaches game controlling the players which adds intensity and sense of professionalism to it.  Passing and running the ball must be done correctly or you will eat turf.  Defense is incredibly protrayed in this game where user can control any aspect of the defender.  Gameplay wise this is more of a Defensive minded game. Sounds : Top Notch second to none.  The annoucers in this series have always been excellent and you really like to listen to them.  Football sounds are done well too and crowd variance is teriffic. Minus': Only drawback for some could be that the learning curve for this game is very high.  Don't expect to get this game and figure it out in a few minutes.  You can't just mash buttons together and expect to win.  It is truly for the football fanatic. --------------------------------------------------------------- Well I hope this helps.  Again, I would recommend buying both games since they play so different.  I would compare these to games to say buying either a BMW or a MERCEDES.  Both are great cars but have their own unqiue qualities to them that make them great rides.  Enjoy!     