 I am going to write a review of NFL2K2 but also compare it to MADDEN 2002 for those of you caught on the fence on which to buy.  I'll point out what each game does better over the other: NFL2K2 Does better Over Madden 2002 : 1.Faster Gameplay : Just like the Real NFL.  Make quick and correct decisions or eat the turf.  Truly Realisitc to the Real game in this aspect. 2.Great Defensive Line play : it's like a minigame to sack the qb.  Maddens d-line game is non-existant for the most part. 3.Defensive backs actually play defense and cover people.  Unlike in madden where the CPU cheats(Cpu somehow knows who your passing to right when you start to hit the button).  Bad passes will get intercepted, so you have to be accurate with your throws and routes your run. 4.Great graphics especially player facial renditions and taller player models. 5.Better atmosphere/sounds/commentary than madden.  This part of the game NFL2K2 blows madden's sterile atmosphere away. MADDEN 2002 does better than NFL2K2: 1.Better Depth to the game than nfl2k2: create team/stadium/logo ,  old time teams, 2minute drill minigame, etc... 2.Player based momentum physics make the game more of a simulation.  Sometimes the momentum physics is a bit overdone but it is more true to life as in the NFL. 3.Better running game than NFL2K2 but not by much.  Running the ball through the middle of the line is tough just like real life.  But sometimes sweeps are too easy.  But overall very good. 4.Franchise mode in Madden 2002 is very deep.  Nfl2k2 has a decent franchise mode but Madden's is much much better. 5.GAMEPLAY SILDERS : this is where Madden2002 does better than NFL2K2.  The gameplay sliders give the player freedom to set the difficulty of the game to the players skill level. In conclusion, both games are good.  NFL2K2 is more of a Fun game overall where whereas Madden is more of a simulation but a bit boring due to the lack of atmosphere. Both games feature good gameplay and option features that the other doesn't.     