 This is not yet another book by starry-eyed leftist historian deploring the negative aspects of Zionism and the follies committed in its name in the last hundred years.  Shlomo Ben-Ami is a solid historian and former foreign minister of Israel.  He worked directly in the recent failed attempts under the Clinton Administration's umbrella to achieve a Palestinian-Israeli settlement.  He is no self-hating Israeli and certainly no right-wing fanatic.  The Israeli state was founded, and the Jewish settlements in Palestine in the previous three quarters of a century, by a subtle combination of violence, hard work, idealism and diplomacy.  The Jews of Europe indeed had no choice but to use every and any method available to save a remnant in Palestine.  And they did so.  Their achievement was amazing and it did create a new Jew, the Israeli, free from diapora paranoia and isolation.  Whatever methods they used can be justified -- even the most atrocious -- as the choice between living and dying.  But once established Israel came to rely on military power alone.  It rightly feared and mistrusted the Palestinian Arabs but it never really tried to understand their positions, which were in many cases the mirror images of those of the Zionists.    Both the Palestinians and the Israelis have allowed themselves to be led by leaders who can only resort to war and who will never try anything more than cosmetic to find peace.  Palestinian leaders like Arafat never really tried to reign in terrorism, and Israeli leaders have never really given up the use of settlements to impose their own borders on the Palestinians.    In America we are conditioned to see the Israelis as flexible and the Palestinians and Arabs as rigid, but no Israeli politician showed the flexibility and wisdom of Anwar Sadat who challenged the Israelis with a real peace initiative that the right-wing extemist, Menachem Begin, felt forced to accept.  People like Golda Meir, a heroine for Americans, was a rigid, disastrous leader who abandoned Ben-Gurion's relative flexibility for a diasporic mentality of paranoia and fear.  aShe was folowed by even worse leaders:  Shamir and Netanyahu.  Ben-Ami has no real solutions except that both sides have to make real concessions:  the Palestinians have to control terroristic violence and accept Israel as a permanent neighbor.  Their obsession with the past makes this difficult.  The Israelis have to abandon settlements in the West Bank, but their new-found paranoia makes them less the New Jew than the Old Jew of Europe, suspicious and inward-looking, hostile and aggressive.    This book is difficult to read because of its detail and the unfamiliarity among Americans with the intracacies of Israeli wars, politics, and peace initiatives.  But it contains all that a thoughtful and conscientious reader needs.   At this writing there is little likelihood that Israeli policy will prove to be wise or that the Palestinian surrender to Hamas will be beneficial.  And the Bush Administration's capitulation to the worst elements in Israel, the rightists, and to the worst elements in America, the neo-conservative supporters of Israeli rightists and the Christian evangelicals does not promise any progress.  Nor does, as Ben-Ami shows, the war in Iraq, which provides Israel with a temporary advantage and a long-term threat:  the unification of the Arab world against Israel and the West.  Sadat effectively changed the battle from one of Arabs vs. Jews to one of Palestinians vs. Israelis.  Bush is changing it all back again to Muslims vs. Crusaders and their Zionist puppies.     