 This book asserts that Spinoza represents the logical understanding of what remains of God in a universe understood according to the principles of modern science.  The author dredges up the figure of Leibniz, a very great mathematician and philosopher whose work has rarely been understood, as the great adversary of Spinoza and also his secret disciple.  Structurally the book centers around a meeting in 1676 between Spinoza and Leibniz, with parallel discussions of the careers of both men, particularly of Leibniz who becomes the model of all those who cannot accept Spinoza out of fear.    So far so good.  But the promise of the early pages never is fulfilled.  We have complex discussions of many issues which will not really resonate with the general reader for whom this book is intended.  It is too erudite for them and perhaps too simplistic for students of philosophy.  The author also, although he means well, has a tendency to take his historical facts from doubtful sources.  The Spanish Inquisition was certainly not a pleasant affair but it was not as murderous in the number of its victims as the author claims.  Another example, Louis XIV's withdrawal of toleration from French Protestants, was certainly tyrannical and cruel but it was not, as the author thinks, murderous not was it intended to force them to leave France; it was illegal for them to leave France, they were expected to remain and to convert to the Catholic faith.  Those who emigrated did so clandestinely.  Thus, the author gets carried away a bit, both with his history and his belief that he is really providing the general reader with something he can handle.  In his favor, however, is his understanding that Spinoza was perhaps the greatest philosopher in European history.    Spinoza also understood 350 years ago that the Bible, for all its literary virtues -- and he read Hebrew -- was legend.  Unfortunately the field he started -- biblical scholarship -- has still failed to persuade most Americans that the Bible is no guide to anything.  That is not the fault of scientific scholarship but the fault of American immaturity.  Most Americans believe in a God which Spinoza demonstrated does not exist and in Holy Scriptures which Spnoza demonstrated are not particularly holy.  Leibniz knew these things too but feared to level with his public.     