 But were afraid to ask.  Well, almost everything.  David Cesarani specializes in thoroughly researched biography (see his fulsome, almost too much so, book on Arthur Koestler) and here you find everything about Eichmann's background and career, except a definitive explanation of why he did what he did and was what he was.  Here is a good refutation of Hannah Arendt's Eichmann who was just a dimwitted cog in the genocidal wheel of the Nazis.  The real Eichmann freely made career choices which slowly but surely made him an effective executive participant in the murder of Europe's Jews during the Second World War.  Was he a convinced anti-semite or only a career opportunist?  Hard to say, but certainly the Austrian Protestant milieu in which he grew up contributed to his willingness to become a genocidal expert.  He had none of the Austrian Catholic Schamperei which while negative about the Jews was never efficient enough to do more than create unpleasantness for them.  Eichmann was more disciplined, more determined, and more effective.  Like many other careerists in the Third Reich it was enough to know that enthusiasm and initiative in the war against the Jews would be rewarded by higher officials in tune with Hitler's ultimate desires and urges.  There was nothing "banal" about Eichmann's activities or beliefs but he was not unusual either, one of hundreds of thousands of officials, teachers, clergy, military, and professionals who found the Hitler regime open to their expertise in the solving of problems.  Eichmann was good at transportation problems and their solution, whether the commodity in question was grain, shoes, or living Jews.  He knew how to get them to Riga or Minsk or Auschwitz where they would be shot or gassed in accorance with his instructions from Heydrich and Himmler.  This is a book well worth reading and pondering.  Perhaps not just anyone but certainly a rather large number of Americans could become Eichmanns under the right circumstances.     