 When Father Greeley first turned from his scholarly field of sociology to the writing of salacious fiction I wondered why he had done so.  Now he has returned, if only for a moment, to sociology and I ask why he doesn't rush back to writing novels.  At least his novels have a certain wisdom about human nature, the Catholic milieu, and the dilemmas of human relationship to the unseen, unknowable Divine. In this book he has used the polling techniques pioneered by French religious sociology to discount the many claims that religion in general and Christianity in particular is dead in modern Europe.  His conclusion is that only in Britain, the Netherlands, and France (one Protestant, one mixed, and one Catholic) has the secularization model been found true, that is the theory that with educational, economic, and social advancement men and women will find less need for a religion which was most suitable for peasants, the ignorant, and the poor. Father Greeley finds much religious vitality in Eastern and Western Europe outside of France, Britain, the Netherlands, and East Germany.  I am not persuaded.  He holds to the theory that religion can be many things apart from orthodox doctrine and liturgy, as it indeed can, but he seems to be a special pleader.  Like the historians of the de-Christianization of Europe in the 18th Century he tries to turn everything upside down by claiming that even in the 13th Century Europe was hardly Christian.  This is a way of turning religious decline into progress and I have never been convinced of it.  Nor am I here.  Greeley believes that men and women remain religious in their needs, hopes, and fears.  He is probably right.  But the people who count, exemplified by the modern countries of Britain, France, and the Netherlands, are the pace setters , not the people of Russia, Slovakia, and Ireland whom he celebrates. Also, his analysis concentrates on Catholicism and Russian Orthodoxy, forgetting Protestants in such places as Hungary and Scandinavia.  He also fails at times to understand historical trends accurately.  For example, he is wrong to say that Slovaks mistrust Czechs because the Czechs represented Hapsburg repression of Slovak culture.  Actually the Slovaks until 1918 were ruled by Hungarians, never by Czechs, although probably the more secular culture of the Czechs frightened the backward Slovaks after 1918, leading them to embrace Fascism then and independence more recently. All in all, Greeley ought to stick to writing about the adulteries and other sexual missteps of his fictional characters, which better illustrate his mind than this dry, sociological study whose conclusions are not particularly convincing, at least not to this student of French Catholicism.     