 Jan Gross has made an important, if difficult to read, contribution to the history of eastern Europe and the history of anti-semitism.  For some 600 years large numbers of Jews lived in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth and prospered there because of the decentralized, multi-ethnic nature of that huge state between Moscovy and central Europe.  Poland disappeared from the map because of its weakness and its anachronism, however beneficial its old-fashioned nature was for much of its populations.  The restoration of Polish independence after World War I brought modern nationalism  to the Poles to the detriment of its non-Polish populations, especially Jews, Lithuanians, Belorussians and Ukrainians.  The Soviet partition of Poland in 1939 with Nazi Germany allowed resentment of Polish discrimination and domination on the part especially of Ukrainians to rise up.  Poles suffered under the pro-Ukrainian and pro-Belorussian Soviet occupation.  Jews for a time thought they might be better off but they quickly discovered that the Soviets could be difficult masters.  Some of them even wanted to return to Nazi occupied Poland, oblivious to Nazi intentions towards them.  In the end the Jews who were deported eastward by the Soviets were lucky:  they escaped extermination by the Nazis after they invaded the Soviet Union.  The Ukrainians, ever eager to assert themselves, persecuted Poles and Jews under both Soviet and Nazi auspices.  Their behavior is perhaps the most reprehensible.  It was they who eagerly murdered Jews during WWII and Poles at its end, driving Poles out of Eastern Galicia and Volhynia where they had lived for three or four hundred years.  Polish-Jewish relations, never good, became worse because the Poles were able to pretend, with bad conscience and little evidence, that the Jews had welcomed Communism in Poland.  The Poles did little to help Jews under Nazi occupation and drove those who survived in the late 1940's out of Poland through pogroms, as the Communist regime in 1968 drove the rest out because of their alleged Zionism.   This book, not intended by the author, supports the basic Zionist contention that Europe never accepted the Jews in its midst, and never would.    In my view the real rats of the story are the Ukrainians and the Poles -- even more than the Germans.  True, the Germans were culturally superior and should have known better.  The Poles and Ukrainians can, if they wish, take refuge in their ignorance, backwardness, and inferiority.       