 God bless Kevin Phillips.  His heart is in the right place: against the rule of the oil companies, against rampant globilization, and especially against the radical Christian Right.  But he tries too hard in this book to join together many things which don't really belong together.  The heart of this book is an attack on and analysis of the Christian Right in America which is probably the greatest danger to democracy America has ever faced.  Phillips admirably demonstrates the tactics and goals of the religious Right and the Southern base it depends on.  One can only hope he is right in seeing a tremendous backlash against this use of mindless religion to turn American back hundreds of years.  He is also right in seeing the evil influence of the oil companies on American government and the dangers of excessive indebtedness.    What hold these themes together is only the fact that George Bush is president:  a man controlled by oil, oblivious to financial disaster, and beholden to the evil Christian fundamentalists. The fact that Bush, a man from the elite of New England, could embrace redneck Christianity is appalling enough.  His father also went to Texas and started eating pork rinds.  When you leave the Northeast anything can happen!  But Kevin Phillips tries too hard to connect these to something more than George Bush.  He tries, for instance, to show that the empires of the past -- Rome, Holland, Britain, -- all failed because of religious excess.  Actually they failed because of their competition -- especially the British competition with the Dutch and the German competition with the British.  I would love to believe that religion had a place in the decline of these empires -- since I believe religion to be a serious mental disease -- but Phillips cannot establish this.  George Bush is the only connection between fiscal, energy, and intellectual decline -- bad enough to be sure, but not explicable in Phillips' imagined way.  Nevertheless, if people take this book seriously they will at least become vigilant against the Christian fanatics who seem hell bent on destroying this nation.  Our involvement in Iraq is what they have accomplished and we must guard against it ever happening again.  The first thing to do is to vote Bush and all Republicans out of office totally.  Phillips demonstrates that the Republican Party is the anti-American party and the party of repression and ignorance.     