 Perhaps the author intended this book to be funny.  Perhaps he didn't at all have humor in mind.  In any case, the book is not the least bit funny.  In fact it is a very serious discussion of how the Yiddish language grew from and mirrored the unnatural life of European Jewry, particularly Eastern European Jewry.  The language was the product of the self-imposed and later governmentally imposed segregation of the Jews from the gentile environment.  It developed vocabulary and expressions to keep the outsiders from understanding what the Jews thought of them and to keep the Jews from too much curiosity about the outsiders.  If anything the book justifies the views of the early Zionists from Theodor Herzl on that exile life was not only difficult but unnatural, that it produced a human scene in which life could not confront reality in health.  Zionism aimed to make Jews take back the healthy humanity they had had before 70AD and had lost with the fall of the temple and the development of Talmudic Judaism, a religion designed to make the Law into a new Temple and the people of Israel into a caste apart.  The Yiddish language may seem amusing in some respects but it highlights how unsavory, unhealthy physically and psychologically Talmudic values really were.  No one said it better than Isaac Bashevis Singer who commented that he knew only two or three languages, two of them, Hebrew and Aramaic, dead ones, and Yiddish hardly worthy of being called a language.  He knew practically no Polish even though his people had lived in Poland for at least 450-500 years.  He studied not history or literature or science, but the minutia of temple worship for a temple that had not existed for 1900 years.  Talmudic Judaism in fact made Jews into a caricature of their true lives and Yiddish was the lingustic evidence thereof.  So -- is the book worthwhile?  I don't know.  It tells you a lot about what was wrong with Eastern European Jewry before mass emigration and mass murder eliminated it.  If you are looking just for a few handy Yiddish phrases you will have to wade through an awful lot of stuff to find them.     