 This is a book every Catholic needs to read.  It has nothing really new to say but it says it all in a most compelling way.  For decades Catholics have evaded the conclusions of Goldhagen and like-minded scholars because they were too painful.  Every possible excuse for Pius XII, for Catholic bishops and priests in occupied Europe, for ordinary Catholics in their daily dilemmas was lustily fallen upon as a means of exculpation.  But Goldhagen has finally shown how deceitful the entire defense of the Catholic Church and its role vis-a-vis the Jews during WWII has been.  He documents the sleight-of-hand ways in which almost non-existent pro-Jewish sentiments have been used to overcome the overwhelming and clear expression of anti-Jewish sentiment.  He demonstrates the essentially fraudulent attempt to create a meaninful difference between traditional religious contempt for Jews and a modern racist hatred of them. It emerges clearly that Christian denigration of the Jews, as taught and practised in this instance by the Catholic Church, prepared the way for and cooperated meaningfully with the Nazi plan for their extermination. Goldhagen's solution for the Church to regain its moral stature is more problematic.  Will it ever be able to face the past honestly, when it is now refusing in many ways to face the scandal of priestly sexual abuse of the young and vulnerable?  Will it be able to admit sinfulness (as the biblical book of Malachi urges upon priests) while it pretends that the Church is an infallible institution?  Will it be able to teach that the New Testament in large part is polemic against the then more important Jewish community in the Roman Empire who did not see in Jesus the Christ and to reveal the Bible as not literally true while it competes with Protestant fundamentalists and literalists in the competition for souls?  Will it be able to accept the possibility that it hated the Jews and possibly still does because Jewish unbelief gnaws at its own core of unbelief in the fantastic doctrines of historic Christianity?  This book can help Catholics emancipate themselves from blind belief in an organization that has betrayed them and their children as it has betrayed the Christ. They will emerge knowing that if indeed the Church is divine and has been founded by a Divine Saviour, it has always been run by sinful men, starting with Simon Peter who Cardinal Domenico Tardini remarked was the founder of Vatican Diplomacy in his threefold denial of Christ.  Remember the New Testament says in Pharisaic fashion:  Ye shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free. Poor Goldhagen, I hope he doesn't really believe that his suggestions can or will be taken up by a repentant Church.  He should be ready, as I am sure he is, for vituperation, denunciation, and condemnation.  ...     