 Nietzsche was perhaps the most important thinker in modern times.  He understood that Western Mankind labored under a terrible burden, a burden forged by idealistic philosophy and biblical religion which substituted a world of timeless ideals for the reality in which men and women really exist.  This burden had once been a boon of sorts but with the decline of religious faith and the growth of mass society it became heavier and more inhuman.  Nietzsche's own experiences, his own difficult life, especically his German ethniciity, all these contributed to his unique sensibility and genius.  But Curtis Cate's decision to explain Nietzsche's unsystematic philosophy through his life is a tedious mistake and failure.  In almost 600 pages we suffer every physical, emotional, spiritual, and psychological onslaught faced by Nietzsche, all in the narrow and narrowminded world of German academia and Wagnerian romanticism, yet this exposure does not really do as much for our understanding as fifty pages of clear exposition of his thought would have done. Granted that Nietzsche's thought is necessarily untidy and contradictory, since it is anti-systematic and untraditional, but to expect the reader to understand it by reliving Nietzsche's life puts far too much of a burden on a writer's life.  And Nietzsche's life is not really all that interesting when compared to his thought.  Biography has it place -- but perhaps not so well in the discussion of a provincial professor like Nietzsche.  His brain was far better than his feeble body, and his thought rose far above the petty events and puny individuals with whom he came into contact.  Except for the saintly historian Jakob Burckhardt and the mystigogue of music and culture Richard Wagner, most of the people Nietzsche was condemned to know and deal with were not worth the dust on his sandalstraps.  In this biography one necessarily therefore spends a lot of time with people one could well do without, like Lou Salome for example.  No, biography is not the road to understanding Nietzsche.      