 While reading a Very Public Offering, I was terribly disappointed and planned on coming to Amazon to pan the book. But, when I came here, I was taken aback by the virtiol in some of the comments. So, let me temper the criticism by stating that there is a *VERY* good story here. That said, the presentation is flawed on numerous levels and I'm not sure if blame should be placed on Essex (the co-writer) or Paternot. But since Stephen may be thinking of turning his book into a movie, here's some comments about the book's structure. First off, every character in this book, save for Paternot and his dad, come across as two dimensional. While most minor characters can be drawn this way, Todd, Stephen's mom, and Stephen's girlfriend need character arcs. They need to have their own struggles in this story, which may require a subplot or two. Addressing this problem may fix another problem: creating empathy for the other characters. Obviously, this book is told from Paternot's perspective, but it would be more enjoyable -- and educational -- if the narrator had an omniscient perspective. In other words, other characters should be presented with their motivations. For example, Paternot describes his sales staff as being greedy bastards, rather than understanding (and presenting) their positions. Second, the book starts with the day theglobe.com goes public. Unfortunately, this creates a flawed structure that requires a cheap device to sustain tension, i.e., at the end of every chapter, Stephen reminds us that he's going to lose everything. But, that knowledge is gained from the future, not from the conflict that kicks off this story.  Instead, the story should begin when Stephen meets some guy on a plane (can't remember his name, but he's involved with Hollywood). Then, the conflict is Stephen has lost all his money and what is he going to do about it. That creates an obvious question, how did he get the money? Then THAT kicks off theglobe.com story, the rise and then the eventual fall. And he doesn't have to artificially remind us that he's going to lose the money since the conflict already does that. Finally, and most annoyingly, the writing is trite. Either Paternot or Essex would have done well to read "On Writing Well" before working on this book. Unfortunately, it's hard to pin down exactly why the writing is so annoying and so I'm hard pressed to come with examples. Perhaps what makes the writing trite is Paternot's writing voice, which actually comes through with surprising clarity. Perhaps the structure is just so bad that it amplifies the worst of his voice rather than illuminating the best of it. It's an enjoyable, but slightly frustrating, read. (...)     