 The figure of Napoleon-his life and military conquests and defeats-has cast such a gigantic shadow over his age that little has been written, especially in English, on the his regime from the point of view of the cities and departments of his Empire. Gavin Daly has filled this gap with a new volume, based on his dissertation, on the impact of the fifteen years of Napoleon's rule on Rouen and the Seine-Infrieure.   The department of Seine-Infrieure was one of the most populous and diverse departments of France and Rouen, strategically and economically important, was the fifth largest city in France, with a population of around 85,000 in 1800. Rouen was a commercial and industrial city, an important textile-manufacturing center, with a large working population. But Rouen's cotton industry had been in decline since the 1786 Eden treaty had opened French markets to a flood of English goods. Linked with Le Harve on the coast, Rouen, though well inland on the Seine, was still an important port. In Rouen the Revolution had been controlled largely by the wealthy merchants and manufacturers who welcomed it, but who strove for a moderate, liberal revolution that respected order and property. Rouen had avoided both federalism and Chouannerie. Seine-Infrieure contrasted starkly with much of the rest of Normandy by its moderation and lack of royalist resistance.  Historians have emphasized the continuities of Napoleonic institutions with those of the ancien regime, and a few recent historians have stressed the modern nature of Napoleon's regime. In the past, historians have relied mainly on the view from Paris. But we need regional histories to serve as a laboratory to test whether the Consulate and Empire were looking to the past or to the future, whether Napoleonic France was traditional or innovative. Gavin Daly's in-depth look at Rouen attempts to show that comparisons with the past are largely superficial, that the "Napoleonic prefects consolidated the reforms of the Revolution by adopting a professional, rational and enlightened approach to administering and controlling society." Daly also investigates and negates the commonly held view that the Napoleonic administration of the prefects declined as the Empire progressed. Daly leans toward Stuart Woolf's assessment that the late-Imperial prefects were better trained, more advanced and more effective. Daly also contends that a prefect was not an "Emperor in miniature"-in Jacques Godechot's phrase-and was receptive to and influenced by local needs, or, at least, those of the local elites. There was a give and take between departmental administrations and the central government, that the regime had a large stake in trying to please the notables and that the previously overlooked governing councils of the departments did have a say in the regional government. "Inside Napoleonic France" is arranged by themes: a description of Rouen at the beginning of the Consulate, the administration of government, justice and policing, religion and the Concordat, the elites, commerce and trade, conscription, etc. Key to Daly's study is the prefects who were the administration's men-on-the-scene throughout France. The duties of a Napoleonic prefect were wide-ranging, "encompassing the social, political, economic, religious and cultural life" of a department. Though the prefect had a great deal of local autonomy, the expectation was that they were appointed to carry out the directives of the national government. Prefects were not "little Emperors," they had to respond to the needs and gain the support of local notables. Uniform laws were enacted in Paris, but were modified to meet local conditions. "Far from being a dictator, [the prefect] served more as a mediator between the state and the local needs and although laws emanated from Paris, there was a substantial amount of adaptation before they were applied to local life." It is refreshing read a book on Napoleonic France that presents a mass unfamiliar information and fresh insights. Readers who see the era solely in military terms will not be the audience for this book. But those who wish to understand the inner workings of the regime will find much of value in Gavin Daly's study. Daly sets out to test the assumptions about Napoleon's France against his detailed study of Seine-Infrieure. In some cases the assumptions are basically true, in others a more nuanced understanding may be necessary and in still others these assumptions appear to be fundamentally flawed.  "Inside Napoleonic France" is written in clear, largely jargon-free academic prose. The book includes an analytical index and fourteen charts and tables. Daly's bibliography is extensive and thorough, employing both primary and secondary sources. The book is expensive, as academic books tend to be, but well worth its publication cost for its unique look at Napoleon's France.     