 "Among the differing views of Napoleon exists the "black legend", which sees him merely as usurper, dictator, warmonger and tyrant.  Chateaubriand condemned Napoleon as a foreigner who saw France as only a source of plunder and cannonfodder for his wars of self-aggrandizement.  Mme de Stael viewed Napoleon as a tyrant who wished only to satisfy men's interests at the expense of their virtues, to corrupt opinion by specious argument, and to divert the nation towards war and away from liberty.  Benjamin Constant likened Napoleon to Genghis Khan or Attila, arguing that Napoleon usurped the throne with "slime and blood."  Opposition to Napoleon III's Second Empire brought renewed vigor to the "black legend."  Hippolyte Taine transferred his dislike for the nephew to the uncle.  He compared Napoleon, "the foreigner," to Renaissance tyrants like Sforza and blamed Napoleon's egoism for 4 million deaths.  In the political upheavals of the 1930s the "black legend" found new currency.  Charles Maurras, royalist and Action Francaise supporter, attacked Napoleon as the "son of the Revolution" who had established hated equality and promoted centralization only to satisfy his own ambition.    "Now Alan Schom, building on almost 200 years of the "black legend", culls every questionable allegation, spurious fact and scandalous bit of gossip to blacken Napoleon's name.  Schom even casts doubts on Napoleon's military talents, misinterpreting Owen Connelly.  Schom tops off his book with a simplistic and silly musing on Napoleon's mental health.  But it is obvious that Schom's view of Napoleon as a psychopathic dwarf and Hitlerian mass-murdered appeals to some reviewers.  This says perhaps more about those reviewers than about Napoleon.  Napoleon was a human being, albeit a great one, with all the faults, vices and virtues of that species, not some cardboard cutout standing in for Hitler or Stalin.  Napoleon was a product of his times, writ large, who had many great positive achievements and many great faults.  But most of all Napoleon is a mystery, like many great men, but a mystery which still continues to fascinate people the world over after 200 years.  Read a good book about Napoleon, not this one."     