 Visitors to London's Egyptian Hall in October 1838, like visitors to London's National Army Museum today, had a chance to marvel at a finely detailed model of the battlefield of Waterloo-the field of the Duke of Wellington's famous victory over the Emperor Napoleon.  Capt. William Siborne, the modeler who made the diorama of Britain's greatest battle, found himself in a losing, lop-sided battle of his own with Wellington, the man Siborne wished to honor with his model by freezing Wellington's greatest victory like a fly in amber in the memory of Britons.   Peter Hofschrer, author of previous studies of the Prussian army, Waterloo and Wellington's guarding of his role in that battle, has produced detailed a history of Siborne's battle to create an accurate model of the battlefield of Waterloo.  Beginning with a description of the battle itself, the author moves swiftly to describe the multitude of panoramas and other shows put on in London exploiting the victory for commercial purposes.  But the most lasting commemoration of the battle was to be that constructed by William Siborne.  William Siborne, the son of a British officer, had attended the Royal Military College, graduating in 1814.  As his regiment did not participate in the Waterloo campaign, Siborne missed out on serving in the Napoleonic wars, the defining event of the era. When the idea of a military museum in London and more specifically a model of the battlefield of Waterloo were discussed, Siborne's name was put forward as an officer who had knowledge in both topography and model-making.  An expert who had written a standard textbook on topographical surveying and drawing, Siborne was employed at producing a model of the famous battle for the new United Service Museum.  Siborne, living on the battlefield and using techniques and equipment he had developed, undertook a precise survey of the ground at Waterloo.  Back in Dublin, Siborne began construction of his model, the process of which Hofschrer describes in detail.  Two years were spent in constructing, painting and modeling the terrain.  At the end of this period the first bump in Siborne's road to completing the model occurred-a change in government.  Wellington was out and the opposition was in.  A suddenly tight-fisted Whig War Office began to wonder about spending hundreds of pounds on what was, after all, a model honoring a Tory politician-even if it was the Iron Duke.   Ready to set the figures in place, Siborne now found himself drawn into a controversy over the battle itself, a controversy which would bring Siborne into a clash with Wellington.  By freezing a moment of the battle in time Siborne's model would offer visual evidence in the disputes that were going to continue for years over who did what, when and where in the great battle. To assist him in the task of accurately placing the highly detailed figures, Siborne proposed sending a letter to the officers of the various regiments involved.  Though Siborne got permission to collect his data, and as a by-product producing an indispensable archive of first-hand accounts of the battle. When he sought out the views of Prussian officers, he, in Hofschrer's view, ran afoul of Wellington. Raising the specter of the Prussian contribution to the victory was viewed by Wellington as undermining the reputation of the sole victor of Waterloo--Wellington.    One hundred thousand visitors were reported to have viewed the completed model, with the notable absence of the Great Duke.  Wellington explained privately that he "was unwilling to give any Sanction to the truth of such a representation in the Model."  Wellingtonians criticized both the model and the later book for the forward placement of the Prussians on the battlefield. Later Wellington was to call the model "all farce, fudge!" and the Duke's close advisors opined that Siborne had been "humbugged" by the Prussians.   In his published history of the battle Siborne attempted unsuccessfully to appease the Great Duke somewhat. But Siborne was unwilling to fully sell his soul to the devil, and the Duke was not the sort of chap to alter his prejudices in the face of facts.  Even the disappearance of 40,000 Prussians from the model failed to move the Iron Duke.  Publicly one of Wellington's chief criticisms was that by surveying the participants, including the Prussians, Siborne was "humbugged," each participant would be the "hero of his own tale," while it was obvious to Wellington who the sole hero of all the tales should be.  Hofschrer justifies Wellington's treachery by making it in the national interest. While he mentions that "some" considered the British troops the "scum of the earth," he doesn't mention that that "some" is actually Wellington himself. Nor does he go into what a thoroughly bad piece of work the Iron Duke was (needless to say, Wellington's ferrous nickname had nothing to do with his behavior in battle). No great geopolitical conspiracy theory is needed to explain Wellington's behavior, the fault lies in himself.  Whether the model, the book or even Wellington's own behavior could have damaged the Duke's reputation is debatable.  The issue was technical enough that few in the general public could have "gotten it," and of those in Britain who were in the know and would have "gotten" it, probably wouldn't have criticized the Great Duke in any case.  As Ian Fletcher has pointed out, "Very few writers were willing to come out into the open and [criticize Wellington]...particularly in the post-Waterloo era when Wellington's fame was at its height." And Thomas Morris in his memoirs observed that "...it is considered a sort of treason to speak against the Duke..."    Hofschrer has been tenacious and thorough in his research.  An extensive bibliography of not only archival resources from Britain, Germany, Ireland and the United States, but also many contemporary newspapers and periodicals, as well as numerous books was consulted.  No one can doubt Hofschrer's skill as a digger into archives.  A partially analytical index is also included.  This small book-its small size a visual pun on its topic-has been well designed by the publishers, including both black and white and color illustrations.  The sole criticism of the design is the small copy of one of Siborne's topographical plans which is referred to in the text.  The map is so small that pointing out a specific feature on it only made me smile.  Perhaps having blown up one section of the map would have saved the reader the trouble of squinting.      