 Carley recounts the diplomatic story of 1939, the nadir of a "low, dishonest decade."  Its characters are "Guilty Men" and "Gravediggers," whose "clever hopes" consisted mainly of appeasing Hitler.  He reveals the failed negotiations to forge an alliance that "never was" with Russia which might have prevented war; the fear and short-sightedness that doomed that alliance; the ideological blindness that feared a victory that could lead to the spread of Communism more than a defeat that would spread Nazi terror.  The book is a corrective to those who have blamed Russia and the Ribbentrop-Molotov pact for the outbreak of the war, ignoring the 5 years of efforts by the Soviets to form an effective anti-German alliance. There are few heroes in this story.  France, divided internally, found it easiest to follow the British.  France wouldn't move to save Eastern Europe without Britain, and Britain wouldn't move. What the Russians wanted was an ironclad military alliance, with precise and concrete terms, staff talks and passage rights through Poland so that Russia could come to grips with Germany.  Poland could not hold the eastern front against Germany alone.  Without such an agreement Russia's options were to stay neutral or come to terms with Germany.  One Foreign Office official in May 1939 summed it up, "The Russians have for years past been pressing for staff [talks]...and the French at our instigation have always refused them."  Gen. Gamelin as early as 1936 told the French Staff that the only real help against Germany had to come from Russia and Russia needed passage rights to come to France's aid. If the British and French were suspicious of Russian motives, the Russians were equally suspicious.  They felt that the Allies would be happy to see Germany and Russia destroy each other. Chamberlain wrote that he was so "skeptical of the value of Russian help that [the Allies' position] was [not] greatly worsened if we had to do without them." (France estimated Britain had two divisions to send to its aid, Russia 100 divisions.)  The British wouldn't fight to save the Baltics, but wanted Russia to fight to save Belgium.   Despite their awareness of this fundamental problem, the Allies couldn't see their way to a solution even after five years.  Litvinov, the chief proponent of collective security, was finally replaced by Molotov as Russian frustrations grew and war neared.  The British considered Molotov "totally ignorant," "an ignorant and suspicious peasant" with a peasant's "foolish cunning."  In July 1939 Chamberlain was still arguing that the Allies did not need the offensive might to defeat Germany, only defensive forces to prevent a German victory.  When the Allies made a last ditch effort to string the Russians along it sent a delegation on a slow merchant vessel with instructions so vague as to be "almost useless," lacking written credentials and told to avoid discussions of passage rights.  No wonder the Russians were suspicious.  In the end the Russians signed a non-aggression pact with Germany; Poland, "an aggressor in 1938 and a victim in 1939," was partitioned.  Even then, a month into the war, Chamberlain was still suggesting that Britain might have to unite with Germany "against the common danger." Carley blames chiefly the British and interwar anti-communism for the failure of the Western Powers to form an alliance with Russia that might have prevented WWII. Using extensive research in French and British archives, Carley focuses narrowly on the diplomatic "dance" going on among the British, French and Soviets, other broader issues are only touched upon as they affect this diplomatic activity.  The politics and diplomacy of the smaller Eastern European states is largely ignored as Carley concentrates on the "big picture." The narrative bogs down in the middle as the British and the French repeatedly try to wiggle out of making any firm commitments to Russia.  British and French obstinate un-Realpolitik grows tedious, but demonstrates the growing frustrations of the Russians. A frustration that had already driven the Italians onto the side of Hitler. Exceptionally well-researched, "1939" presents an important interpretation of the events leading to WWII.     