 I was sure I would be disappointed with this radio given all the rave reviews I had read about.  After all, it simply couldn't be that good, could it?  I am quite happy to say that I was wrong, it is every bit as good as everyone says.  I am full of admiration for the engineers who worked on this little marvel. My listening is 95% classical, so my attention is always focused on the sound being natural, detailed, and musical.  The Model One starts out with the best FM tuner on the market (hands down), which pulls in signals cleanly, even weak ones.  My immediate reaction upon first hearing the sound was surprise at the details that were present in the music over an FM signal.  I had always imagined that the reason my radios sounded so poor in the past was that the FM signal simply could not hold enough detail.  The Model One proved this reasoning quite wrong, there is a lot of music in the FM signal.  In fact, I could effortlessly pick out every instrument in the orchestra on this radio. In the beginning, I was not overly impressed with the low frequencies produced by this radio.  But then, I had simply set the radio down on an old desk, and could feel the desk vibrating in sympathy with the low frequencies from the radio.  So I went to Home Depot and got a very heavy piece of ceramic tile to place under the radio to prevent the table from siphoning off all the bass.  The difference was dramatic.  This radio produces a LOT of bass.  Very clear and musical bass.  The elephant from Saint-Saens' Carnival of the Animals placed the string bass right in my room, I could swear.  I found that when I placed the radio about 8 inches from a wall, the bass was even further enhanced.  Other reviewers like to marvel at how much bass there is coming from this tiny radio, but I am much more impressed by how tight and musical the bass actually is.  This is not to take anything away from its very clear and reliable treble range; it is just that one can't help noticing how small the radio really is, and with all that bass, and .... well, you know. This is by far the most value I have ever gotten out of this little money for a piece of audio equipment.  The Model One is very, very, sweet and musical, and this description is true for its entire remarkable frequency range.  I listen to it about 9-10 hours a day, and weeks after the first listen, I still catch myself looking up from what I was doing at that moment to admire its sound.     