 It simply isn't clear to me if the 730 is actually the old Model 88 with a new skin, or if they are completely unrelated.  I don't have a Model 88 to which to listen, and am therefore unable to make a conclusion.  However, considering Henry Kloss' emphasis on a natural musical sound, it seems likely to me that the 730 is NOT a Kloss design.  Let me explain. I own a Kloss-designed Model 1.  It is a sweet and musical radio, quite an engineering marvel.  It is an extremely satisfying radio to own and listen to.  Then I heard that the Kloss out-did himself with the Model 88, mainly with extensions of the lower frequencies below 200 Hz.  I had to get one, but was told that the Model 88 is now the 730, so the 730 is what I got. After 2 months of daily listening, I have been sadly dissatisfied with the 730.  While the tiny Kloss Model 1 was warm and musical (with a rich bass, mind you), the 730 is, simply put, uneven.  Instead of a flat frequency response throughout its range, there is a significant hump somewhere below 200 Hz.  (Too lazy to bring out the sound meter to check the exact frequency).  When the music happens to have a compenent in that particular frequency, the apparent bass is artificially boosted and overwhelms the listener.  Worse yet, it muddies up the frequencies around that hump when the hump is hit, and a lot of musical information is completely lost. When listening to an orchestra, this effect is most pronounced when the timpani comes in.  One particular kettle will set off the radio's artifical bass boost, and any following passages from the timpani is lost for the next 1-2 seconds until the rogue frequency damps away. Perhaps this radio was designed for listening to electronic music, I don't know.  It is too uneven for listening to classical music (or anything that needs to sound natural).  The folks who glow about the 730's bass sound aren't looking for music in the bass, I fear.  They are just looking for a lot of something that sounds like bass.  Psychoacoustics at work again [big sigh]. My hunt for the real Model 88 continues, I guess ....     