 Cambridge makes two comparable table radios, the 730 and the Model 88.  (The 740 is a 730 with a CD, and the 88CD is an 88 with a CD).  I basically purchased the 88CD because I was starting to feel unhappy with the Cambridge 730 that I had used for while (for which I also wrote a review).  I felt that the deliberate distortions designed into the 730's sound were becoming very annoying for my listening, which is mainly classical music.  The distortion, in selected frequency ranges, of the sound of natural instruments, had just become too distracting. Now I have used the Model 88 for a few weeks and can make a pretty firm conclusion that it was designed with total audio accuracy as its goal.  There are definitely no deliberatr distortions anywhere in it's frequency range.  It reproduces treble to higher frequencies than the 730, and bass to lower frequencies as well.  The sound is more even and balanced throughout all frequency ranges.  When comparing the two using a CD source (I had to use the 730's AUX input, unfortunately, which may have introduced artifacts of its own), the Model 88 shows how simply outstanding it is.  The difference was akin to that between an audiophile system vs one for blasting out a movie soundtrack.  The 88 was clean and precise and just delicious, and the 730 was really bloated in the lower ranges and muted in the very high ranges.  At the end of Mahler's Resurrection Symphony, for instance, when all the horns and timpani and cymbals came in together with the rest of the orchestra, everything was beautifully distinct amidst all the power.  On the 730, the sound became more muddied.  There was more perceived power because of the artificial boost that the 730 gave to some of the mid-lower frequencies, but it was simply not clean. Having said all that, I must admit that the 730 sounds more "satisfying" when used for listening to FM.  The 88 is simply too accurate and harshly exposes any flaws in the FM signal.  (The tuner is fantastic, but you simply cannot expect the same sound as you would from the CD source).  The 730 makes the whole sound "fuller" and more soothing somehow. Since the two models cost almost the same, the choice between the two comes down to whether you care for sonic accuracy (88), or just a generic "good sound" that can instantly impress, but does not stand up to scrutiny (730). Having spent all these words on the comparison between these two radios, I ought to say a word about their absolute qualities.  Firstly, the listening public really does owe Henry Kloss, the legendary designer of the 88, a debt of gratitude for building such a fantastic piece of audio equipment.  It truly is startling how much better the 88 sounds than competing brands or models (I shan't mention names; anyway, there aren't that many real competitors in this class).  I can even see it being used as the main audio system in a small room in place of a mid- to hi-end component system, it is that good.  IMHO, the 730 was an attempt by Cambridge to modify the sound of the 88 to be more satisfying to the pop and hip-hop crowd, plus add a little more pizazz to the dials and displays.  That doesn't make the 730 a bad piece of equipment - it still easily outdoes the other brands.     