 I wanted to hate this book.  My petty cattiness wanted to pick this book apart due to the fact that the author is a glamorous, educated woman with the world at her feet.  The green eyed monster aside, I found the book to be readable but not up to the hype that it has been given. Veronica "Nikki" Chase stumbles over the body of a colleague after a blackout.  She then becomes interested in finding out who did it, and why.  Along the way there are ex husbands, implied affairs, scandals, and ex boyfriends.  Did Pamela Thomas Griffin write this book with Writer's Digest 'Beginnings, Middles & Ends' open on her desk?  This book was way too formalistic and predictable. This section is a spoiler, so read only if you don't mind knowing how the book ends.  My complaints:   A) The best friend Jess.  She was so corny, with her 'slang' laced talk.   B) The ex-boyfriend, Dante.  What was up with him?  Was he the equivalent of a black man's blonde eyed trophy?  Was he there so she could have a secondary plot?  And since Nikki was so irresistible to every man she met, why would she let this guy push her buttons so?   He was callous about her feelings, but it seemed that she spent the eight years he was away thinking only of him.  C) The fact that Nikki decided to investigate.  What was this - a bad episode of Charlie's Angels?  There seemed to be no reason for Nikki to stick her nose into the business of Ella's death.  I couldn't get find any motivation behind her search.  The two had only just become friends at the time of her death, so there wasn't even any reason to suspect foul play. And less we not forget the tragic mulatto.  For crying out loud, this is 2001!  This passing issue could play about fifty years ago. Some people seem to have an issue with the fact that Nikki had no close friends of color except Maggie.  Since she was in Boston I found this to be credible. I did enjoy reading about Harvard and the elite.  Since I'll probably never be one of them, it was nice to get a peek at how the other half lives.   Borrow this book from a friend or the library.  It is not one to own.     