 Where to begin, where to begin!   The Emperor of Ocean Park had so much potential.  For non chess players there was just enough information to spark an interest in the game.  For those wanting a peek into the life of middle class blacks it presented a window.  For those who devour Law&Order reruns on TBS it showed some of the law at work.  But for those who wanted to curl up with a good novel and lose themselves in the book, frustration sets in. A brief recap of what the story was supposed to be about: Oliver Garland dies unexpectedly from a heart attack.  His eldest son accepts this death, his surviving daughter decides that foul play was involved and the protagonist, younger child is given a mysterious message about arrangements.  So begins a 600 plus page journey into the world of middle class blacks, chess, and academia, with conspiracy theory thrown in for good measure. What the story wound up being about  was a whiny man trying to decide if he really wanted to know the truth about both his father and himself.   This is a long book.  The whole idea that it was supposed to mirror a chess game would have been nice had those with no knowledge of the game been given more information to better  understand what the heck was going on.  The imagery was nice, I felt like I had actually returned to Martha's Vineyard, but how many times did I have to get another long description of the house.  Perhaps if every sentence did not try to include every variation on double talk the author  would have been aware of what had already been written.  The length of the book is very demanding.  The beginning draws you in, and the reader thinks it will be a juicy read, but it by page 200, you really don't care about the arrangements, more than if Talcott will confront his wife about her infidelities.  The story turns out to be fluff with big words thrown in for good measure.  The characters are not really thought out, more like placed in the book for the chance to add another forty pages or so.  Unlike novelists that don't try to be so pretentious and cerebral, Mr. Carter comes across just that way.  The ending is rushed and although there are some blanks left for the reader to fill in, there is certainly less that could have been said in this book.     