 In "Deliver Us From Evil", Sean Hannity reminds people that evil truly exists, and that invoking the notion of evil is responsible, rather than immature.  He cites several potent examples of evil, from Adolph Hitler and Joseph Stalin, to Osama bin Laden and Saddam Hussein.  These monsters can only be described as evil. President Bush has issued a pledge, through the Bush Doctrine of 2002, to take the War on Terror to the enemy before he targets us - much in the spirit that Ronald Reagan forcefully created the conditions for the dismantlement of the Soviet Union.  Bush's doctrine of pre-emption is right for America, and when the threat posed by a rogue state or a terrorist group fully materializes, it will be too late. Sean Hannity brilliantly displays how the Democrats have disreputably played politics with some of the most vital issues concerning American national security.  On issues crucial to the American people - Republicans and Democrats - the Democratic Party of today has abandoned its virtuous past, when JFK and Harry Truman were in power, and has become hijacked by the extreme left that puts opportunism and power ahead of national security.  Moreover, Hannity explains why all Democratic presidential candidates (from Howard Dean and John Kerry, to Dick Gephardt and Wesley Clark) are unfit to be president (Joe Lieberman is halfway decent though), and contrasts them with the unwavering moral clarity and decisive leadership George W. Bush has offered the American people and the world. Hannity also addresses several present dangers facing America, from the Syrian Ba'ath party and Iran's mullahs, to Kim Jong-Il's North Korea and China. Sean Hannity has written a powerful and convincing book on how appeasement is fruitless and only leads to more violence, and how there are those who engage in such immoral acts that they have to be classified as evil.  With the election in a few months, I believe all Americans should read this book, as it proves, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that George W. Bush is the right man for another four years. P.S. YES THERE ARE CONSERVATIVES IN CANADA!!! LOL BUSH-CHENEY 2004!!!!!     