 In order to understand why the removal of Saddam Hussein from power in Iraq was an integral part of the War on Terror, people should read Stephen Hayes' book.  The Bush Administration made a very compelling case against Hussein which was comprised on three justifications: weapons of mass destruction (which all the world's intelligence agencies presumed were there), human rights violations, and links to terrorist networks. This book discusses the latter in great detail.  Stephen Hayes argues what the establishment media has long denied, namely the links between Saddam Hussein's Iraq, and Osama bin Laden's Al Qaeda. His findings DO NOT contradict the bipartisan 9/11 Commission report which did, in fact, conclude that there was a series of high-level contacts between officials from the Ba'athist regime, and Al Qaeda (including bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri).  Most of the information in Hayes' book comes from credible sources, corroborated by many intelligence agencies and human operatives. The Bush Administration's unwillingness to continue to stress the links between Iraq and Al Qaeda is ill advised, and it does so at its peril. A three-legged stool is more stable than a one-legged one. It would be in the Administration's best interest, with the election fast approaching, to embellish upon the Iraq-Al Qaeda connection.  The Bush Administration NEVER claimed to have irrefutable evidence of Iraqi complicity with the 9/11 attacks. NEVER. However, it presented compelling evidence of Iraqi support for Al Qaeda, and Palestinian terrorism, when it made its case for war against Iraq. Hayes goes even further, discussing not only the links between Iraq and Al Qaeda, but providing the reader with very tantalizing evidence (not incontrovertible evidence, but evidence nonetheless) implicating Saddam Hussein with the September 11th attacks.  Stephen Hayes does the American people a great service by writing about this critical issue in the highly politicized election year. He cogently argues why overthrowing Saddam Hussein was not a diversion from the War on Terror, as Democratic Sen. John Kerry contends (let's see how long THIS position lasts), but an integral component of this struggle. It is required reading for all those interested about Iraq, who have an open mind. After reading this book, the reader will understand, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that President George W. Bush was right to remove the most tyrannical regime in Middle Eastern history.       