 This-perhaps Bellow's finest; certainly his most heart-felt-work is the celebration of a dear friend's life.  In these pages you will find a sketch of a man who was a Jew, a philosopher, a lover of Western culture and ideals, an American, and a homosexual who was dying of AIDS while looking for love; while teaching.  In it you will see a man who explained to his students (hand-chosen for their brains) the importance of Plato in a world where "you can't tell the wars from NBA events" (55). This is a sketch of a Jew who, if given the choice between Athens and Jerusalem would have preferred to live in Athens but who mixed in Jewish jokes and expositions when expounding on Greek philosophers and who, at the end of his life, decided that a Jew "should take deep interest in the history of the Jews-in their principles of justice for example" (179).  That these principles were contained in the Torah, the Talmud and Commentaries which the avowed atheist Ravelstein seems to have recollected literally on his deathbed did not seem to bother him.  He was an atheist because philosophers had to be atheists; he "was following the trail of Jewish ideas or Jewish essences" (178) because he was a Jew and he still joked that "even God took his holidays in Paris" (which he loved).   This is a sketch of a man who protested against the cultural and ethical relativism of today's liberal society because this society keeps us childish; it doesn't force us to do the grown-up thing and make choices.  And "it's up to you to make a choice.  Either you continue to see as a child, or else" (98). But above all, this is a sketch of a man in love with life itself.  A man who was always searching for his "other half" who acquired HIV in his quest and who would not stop looking despite his illness.  A man who loved to gossip but who never betrayed a confidence, never let a friend down.  A man who was, above all, honest with himself and with those around him.  Ravelstein was who and what he was: a Jew, a philosopher, a homosexual, a man questioning all "isms".  Such a man, such a friend is indeed difficult to "give up... to death" (233).   And by writing this deeply moving book, Saul Bellow did not.     