 To those unfamiliar with French literature, this may seem a frustrating (if remarkably well written) book.  For in this book about nuclear conspiracy, terrorism, and fanaticism that span the globe, Bernard-Henri Levy frankly admits his own uncertainties.  It's as though he is constantly saying, "This happened.  Almost certainly it was this that happened."  But then he stops, thinks, and pronounces, "But really, if you look at it from another point of view, taking this detail into account, it was really this that happened.  Almost certainly this."  And the reader, who perhaps expects the certainty and the suspense one finds in Robert Baer's prose (a certainty that Levy condemns) might be tempted to scream, "But finally what is this book about?"  The answers are simple.  It is about a very smart man who was at home with himself and the whole world.  A Jewish American (Danny Pearl) whose passionate interest in men and women led ultimately to his horrific murder.  It is about a "perfect Englishman" who was born in the maternity ward of Whips Cross Hospital in London's eastern suburbs. Like Danny this boy grows up between worlds; like Danny he is a prodigy. But unlike Danny, this boy, can never belong; not even inside his own skin.  And so he (Omar Sheikh) grows up to become not a reporter but one of the human links between al Qaeda and the Pakistani secret services.  He comes to be called Osama bin Laden's favorite son.  He grows up to hijack airlines, murder Indian civilians, help finance 9/11, and (ultimately) trap Danny Pearl.  It is a story about a world where "Islamism is business" and where there are set prices for certain operations.  A world where the family of a prospective suicide bomber and the sponsoring organization negotiate the price of a man's death.  A world in which "suicide attack candidates come to fill out applications almost as naturally as for a loan."  It is a story about nuclear weapons.  About Bin Laden's (officially sanctioned) contacts with the fathers of Pakistan's nuclear bomb.  About the Pakistani Oppenheimer who feels that this bomb belongs to the entire Islamist community.  About a country where the "day of the first nuclear test-28 May-has the unofficial status of a religious holiday."  And it is about how two states (United States and Pakistan) encouraged the growth of Islamism within their own borders.  Pakistan to use against India; US to use against the Soviet Union.  And now, today, there are Islamist kolkhozes throughout America and Canada.  Kolkhozes run by one of Osama bin Laden's most trusted ideologues.  And Pakistan, nuclear Pakistan, is on the brink of collapse.  And finally, this book is about one man (Danny Pearl) who may have stumbled on some (or all or more) of this and who was murdered for knowing too much.  And for being an American and a Jew.         