 Orientalism has undoubtedly provided Middle Eastern Studies with a new paradigm-as Edward Said had intended.  The book begins innocuously, giving little indication of the stridency and moralizing to come.  Said proposed that Orientalism he was about to "sketch" was simply "a style of thought based upon an ontological and epistomilogical distinction between the Orient and the Occident" (p. 2).  He then brought attention to his fears that "distortion and inaccuracy" might thwart his account but consoled himself by the thought of the additional volumes that might be written by "scholars and critics" (p.24).  And indeed this book launched a study of Orientalism Said at first defined as "principal methodological devices for studying authority here are what can be called strategic location, which is a way of describing the author's text in relation to the Oriental material he writes about; and strategic formation, which is a way of analyzing the relationship between texts and the way in which groups of texts... acquire mass, density, and referential power among themselves... I use the notion of strategy simply to identify the problem every writer on the Orient has faced ... Everyone who writes about the Orient must locate himself vis a vis the Orient." (p.20) This then was "Orientalism" and it defines the limits of Middle Eastern studies to the present day.  Yet it is more than a new method for addressing old problems.  It created a whole new set of questions for Middle Eastern Studies and vigorously excluded others.  By strategic formation, Said referred to a way of viewing any text, artifact, or allusion, or even imaginative allusion (see his discussion on Jane Austen for example) to the Orient.  These were a priori objects contaminated by Orientalism.  Said thus has no interest in "proving" Orientalism; he simply assumed it.   But again and again we get back to the question of what exactly is "Orientalism" for Said defined it in two mutually excluding ways.  On the one hand, he describes the object of his inquiries as "an almost unconscious (and certainly untouchable) positivity", a kind of opaque object that gave his study focus.  And for this reason, one couldn't simply reduce the subject to a "western imperialist plot... a structure of lies or of myths which were the truth be told, would simply blow away" (p. 6).  And yet, on the other hand he trivializes the very claims he made by declaring that every European in saying anything about the Orient was "racist, an imperialist and almost totally ethnocentric" (p.204).  This is then a kind of "Just Say `No' to Orientalism" message---and yet, if this is the case why not simply declare the whole field off limits?  Why enunciate such a detailed paradigm for Middle Eastern studies? What is "Orientalism"?  Said never provides us with an answer. Yet it is the new paradigm for Middle Eastern studies in our universities.     