 This was my introduction to Philip Roth and it has made me (virtually overnight for I read the book in 2 nights) a Roth fan.  For this is at once a book about McCarthyism, family, and memory.  But perhaps most of all, it is about the human capacity to remember and to betray each other; a capacity undiminished with time.  As Roth points out "The master story situation in the Bible is betrayal.  Adam-betrayed.  Esau-betrayed.  The Schechemites-betrayed.  Judah-betrayed.  Joseph-betrayed.  Moses-betrayed.  Samson-betrayed.  Samuel-betrayed.  David-betrayed.  Uriah-betrayed.  Job-betrayed.  Job betrayed by whom?  By none other than God himself.  And forget the betrayal of God.  God betrayed by our ancestors at every turn.' (p. 185)  And every character in this book is also betrayed.  Nathan is betrayed.  Nathan's father is betrayed.  Ira is betrayed.  Murray is betrayed.  Eve is betrayed.  Dorris is betrayed.  All of them are betrayed by themselves and by America.  An America they believe in; an America that never ceases to disappoint them for not living up to her potential.  But finally too America is betrayed.  America is betrayed by Richard Nixon, the man who as much as McCarthy was responsible for McCarthyism and who it turns out, was no better than a common crook.  A petty common thief.  And that perhaps is the moral (if there is one) of this story.  For the betrayals, all of them are petty.  They are petty because "people give up too easily and fake their feelings.  They want to have feelings right away, and so `shocked' and `moved' are the easiest.  The stupidest" (p. 219).  People want to be good; they want to be right; they want to be caring.  But being good, and right and caring involves a great deal of emotional and mental energy.  It involves work and it involves overcoming of prejudices.  Most people are not prepared to put in that kind of effort-nor do they want to.  How much easier to unthinkingly mouth the words Nixon and McCarthy put into your mouth?  For McCarthyism was the political correctness of the 1950s and if you simply said you hated the Reds or communists or whatever it was you were supposed to hate, people would say you were good.  And who knows?  Perhaps, like Eva, you might even have believed them.  And then you would have been betrayed.  By McCarthyism, by yourself.  A petty betrayal of your own making.         