 This is a heartbreaking story about a people who tried to shake their pariah status and, although sometimes things got better sometimes worse, ultimately they failed and failed horribly.  Told in a series of sketches against the backdrop of European and German histories, this book combines the best of fiction and non-fiction in a seamless and utterly readable whole. It is refreshing too that there are neither demons nor saints in these pages.  The Jews portrayed here (from Mendelsohn to Arendt) are simply people who try to convince themselves that they too can be German.  And for a while they succeeded not in becoming German (for the Germans never regarded them as anything but pariahs) but in convincing themselves that they had achieved that much-coveted status. And when they had convinced themselves they forgot that "the step-child must always be on his best behavior," forgot even that they were step-children; so heady was the illusory promise of Emancipation, so wondrous was Kaiser's pledge that "he no longer knows any parties, [he knows] only Germans" that the Jews allowed themselves to be deceived.  During WWI, they were "as conformist" as all others, forgetting that in war hatred abounds and that the fastest way to get hold of an ideology is to declare that they hate someone.  And that the easiest group to hate is a minority that had always been persecuted. The reminder (a Jew census to determine how many Jews served on the front lines) was a shock but it was not a big enough shock to make the Jews flee Germany.  A place where they had lived for thousands of years; where they had lived before the Germans arrived.  For, as Amos Elon makes clear, there was noting inevitable about the Holocaust.  Even at the very end of the Weimar Republic, there was a paradox of surging Nazism and increasing assimilation, of growing anti-Semitism and growing Jewish prominence for Jews in every field in Weimar culture."  For the Jews this meant that they could cling to the belief that they could yet become German; for the Nazis this meant that the Jews were increasingly prominent and therefore so much easier to hate. The end we know. But there was so much more to the German Jewry than their horrible and tragic end.  This is their story, beautifully told.  I highly recommend it.     