 This is not a simple book that tells us that all women who wear hijab are miserable; far from it.  Here we have Leila, an American, who chooses the Islamic-Iranian way over the American one because when she was ill and her family was too busy to drop everything for her busy she kept thinking "if I were in Iran the family would drop everything.  As soon as I was cured, I came back here and it really is a good life" (103).  And Geraldine Brooks takes pains to point out that for many women like American-born Queen Noor it is, indeed, a good life.  But she also points out that for other women: the women who suffer honor killings, clitoridectomy, inability to drive, inability to move around without a male relative's permission, inability to have a job that either their husband or the "politeness police" find inappropriate-it is not a good life.  And that these women live not only in some exotic Middle Eastern country; they are also our next-door neighbors.  And even as she finds it very agreeable to take a break from her own male-dominated world of journalism while "squatting on the floor of a Kurdish friend's kitchen, helping the women with the bread-making... surrounded by women [and doing] a task that was ours alone" (235), she is not at all pleased that a little boy is able to come in and break off tiny morsels of the bread while his sister is already "part of our bread-making assembly line.  Why should he learn so young that her role was to toil for his pleasure?" (235) Indeed, why should he learn that at all? For in such a world; a world where women are behind a curtain; where they must do things for their husbands' or brothers' pleasure, there is not one world but two.  In a book that looks at the lives Muslim women lead all over the world from Iran to Britain, Geraldine Brooks points out how the curtain segregating the men from the women has created in Islam "a dual society of male and female stranger to one another and unaware of each other's anxieties" (182). She writes of women who find this arrangement relaxing, of professional Muslim women who look for a perfect husband "for babies" and nothing else and she writes of families who struggle to find ways of doing things together in strictly segregated societies.  She writes as much of happiness as of pain.  But most of all she writes of segregation.  Of two worlds: one for women and one for men and never the twain shall meet.  And, in the end she asks us all, is this what we really want?  Or will we make a stand against segregation based on sex?  Should we not say even "in an era of cultural sensitivity that certain cultural baggage is contraband in our countries and will not be admitted" (238)?     