 This is a lovely account of one lady's tour through a country with which she so rightly tells us "no one in this new millennium should ignore... it was one of the first places mentioned as being stolen from the Muslims in an early televised Osama bin Laden tirade of bitterness and intent. ... Al-Andalus. Andalucia.  Spain.  Few in this country knew what he was talking about" (255).  I (unknowingly following in Mary Lee Settle's footsteps) decided to find out. Yet it was so difficult to discover any information about post-1492 Spain.  I had a hard time finding books telling me about Knights Templar's history and tragic end in Il Torre Sangrienta (the tower of blood); giving me an intimate portrait of Black Virgin's of Guadalupe's haunting eyes; telling me of Unamunno's dramatic defiance of Franco's regime; or telling me the scandal in Zamora.  And I had no joy at all in finding a book that tells the story of the many Spains (for in truth as Mary Lee Settle makes clear there is not ONE Spain but many) as though all its rich history grew up naturally--from the stones in the ground.  As though this history were but part and parcel of the sights, sounds, and smell of modern Spain.  Until, of course, I found this book. For Mary Lee Settle's book does all of the above.  She tells her and Spain's story from the vintage point of an often lost and eternally fascinated traveler.  A traveler who romps through the physical Spain and through Spain's history equally and who manages to construct an immensely readable and thoroughly enjoyable book interweaving both journeys. It is not, however, a history book and it freely admits this.  Indeed, perhaps one of the most precious (to me) parts of this book is the frequent history book recommendations.  Mary Lee Settle's Spanish Recognitions is thus the ideal book for someone like me: someone who wants to read about Spain's rich history and who would like to travel there armed with historical and cultural knowledge but who is not sure how to get started. I highly recommend it.     