 Here Peter Stothard outlines how Tony Blair worked hard ("all out" is a constantly recurring phrase) to create a world-or at least the conditions for a world-in which the "UN frees itself from helpless torpor, [in which the Allies send] a lesson to extremist nations that terrorism will be met by massive force, [and to Israelis and Palestinians and the Irish] that America will not tolerate conditions of permanent instability." And it tells of the many frustrations Tony Blair met while trying to achieve that objective.  For example, after George Bush published the roadmap for peace (something Tony Blair worked very hard to achieve) the Prime Minister received a call from Yasser Arafat.  He spent a bit of time on the phone with him (and got a chance to say a brief hello and congratulations to Abu Mazen before Arafat snatched the phone away) and when he replaced the receiver, he looked up at a television screen to see "a Palestinian representative damning Bush's motives." He says nothing but his aid says it for him, "They've got to be told [that] this is their chance.  If they don't use it, they'll lose it." And then there is the never-ending frustration with the BBC which John Reid may or may not have called the Baghdad Broadcasting Corporation.  But "even if he didn't say it," Peter Stothard assures us, "it's ___ well true."  The Secretary of Defense (and his porcelain cup which nearly suffered a terrible fate thanks to the BBC) would most likely agree. And then there are the conspiracy theories out on the street, just outside No. 10.  Conspiracy theories propagated not by the "ignorant masses" but by elderly Arab professors, sipping coffee at the Churchill caf and assuring their students that "oil companies and Israeli spies and Russians whose names have not been heard since the Communist days" are all working together to manipulate current events. But above all, this is about the British political culture.  Where else would talk of football/soccer dominate even at the height of the war?  In what other country would the French President's comment that the British had "made a deformation of his view on the veto" be met with "Does he mean we got the translation wrong?"  And in what other country would a three-year old pick up a telephone call from the President of the United States and pass the phone to the Prime Minister with the cry, "Dad, pick up the phone." This is a book about Tony Blair vision and of how he tries to educate his American counterparts on what it takes to "get to where they all eventually want to go."  (You want peace in the Middle East, great; but it will be neither fast nor easy.  Here, look how hard it is to achieve peace in Northern Ireland-and compared to the Middle East this is a walk in the park.)  It is about the vagaries of British political culture.  It is about how one man acquires an unshakeable certainty that what he is doing is the right thing. But perhaps more than all that, it is a beautifully written book (not something one can often say of books on current events) that is filled with humor and irony and is, quite simply, a very good read.  I highly recommend it.     