 Here, as elsewhere in his writings, Edward Said has confused language with action.  By that reasoning, if I were to say that there is peace on earth it would be the case.  Or as Said puts it (p. 144) because certain socio-political-economic powers in the West have a vested interest in a certain image of Islam, "those sectors have the power to propagate THAT image of Islam".   Thought thus becomes action.  If I think it; it is so. Furthermore, by equating speech and action he has, in fact, denigrated both.  I, personally, find many things Edward Said says about Jews in general and Israelis in particular offensive.  I feel that by saying these ugly things he is drawing a false and mendacious picture of both.  However, I do not feel that because he portrays Jews and Israelis as greedy, profiteering, colonizers, and in general very bad people, he is intent on the "conquest" (p. 172) of the Jewish people.  Nor do I feel that I can equate terrorist acts with words as Said does in his Introduction when he states "Of course there have been suicide bombings and outrageous acts of terrorism, but have these accomplished anything except strengthen the hand of Israel and the United States?... [T]hey furnish an additional weapon in the contest to beat down, compel and defeat Arab or Muslim resistance..." (p. xxxv) In other words, on the one hand terrorist attacks are really just words by other means and on the other hand they are, in fact, agents of the Israelis, the Americans and the imperialist Westerners.  Said contradicts himself but does not notice it-or perhaps cannot afford to notice it because any contradiction would bring his totalizing theory crashing down about his ears. For to Said, words are deeds and deeds are words.  There is no difference between the two.  But he does not ask if this logic means that all of us, including Edward Said, must immediately cease and desist from portraying a group-such as Jews, Arabs, Indians or Europeans-in an unfavorable light because there is no difference between speech and action.  If we say or think or imagine a negative thing about any group we, by Said's definition "do violence" to that group. We are therefore (Said included) precluded from saying-anything at all.     