 In this poignant and beautiful book, Harold Bloom tries to drive home the lesson that we must read to become individuals.  And since the "individual" is a Western invention (and since Harold Bloom is unabashedly in love with Western literature) this book is meant to be a kind of beginner's guide to the truly great books in the Western tradition.  This, of course, is a very individualistic guide.  Missing from it, for example is one of my favorite English authors, George Orwell whose "Homage to Catalonia" if not "Animal Farm" surely deserved at least a few lines; missing too are the great poets Pushkin, Lermontov, and Byron.  Virginia Woolf's name is mentioned a few times; her books, however are not.  I could extend this list ad nauseum.  But that, of course, is not the point.  This is Harold Bloom's list, not mine; and it contains his breath-taking commentaries that follow one another in a kind of unbroken chain that seems to sing or tremble; not mine.   The fast-moving commentaries are almost too much.  I could not read this book in one sitting. Reading about another's perception's of Nabokov and Hemingway and Cervantes and Shakespeare and Milton and Faulkner and Ellison and Morrison (to name only a few of the authors mentioned in these 283 pages) in one sitting is, for me, impossible.  I had to come up for air rather frequently.  I had to think about what I had read; I had to let the words I had heard sink in-for, as Bloom points out, we must listen when we read.  But in the end, I found the book well worth the effort. For this book teaches the patient and attentive reader something few books on literature will: that we should read not out of any ideology, not to better the world but to better ourselves.  Or, as Rabbi Tarphon whose Pirke Abot saying Bloom quotes in his conclusion tells us tells us, "It is not necessary for you to complete the work, but neither are you free to desist from it." Being an individual-thinking for yourself--is hard work.  But while we draw breath it is our ethical responsibility to do just that.     