 Ilan Samson begins this book by pointing out that the way we are taught Math now virtually guarantees that we will never learn it.  For starters, it's in Latin, not English.  And, to add insult to injury, the Latin terms most often used have virtually no relation to the concepts they are supposed to represent.  Furthermore, teachers tend to teach Math which Ilan Samson rightly defines as "accurate, multu-stage reasoned thinking" by rote.  Why should we do it this way, Mrs. Smith?  Because I said so.  So Ilan Samson wrote a revolutionary book that looks, in many ways like a standard Math book.  Perhaps it is a bit more readable than most; perhaps it has more jokes-but basically it's an ordinary math book.  With one important difference: it's written in English.  Not a Latin word anywhere.  So Ilan translates 4 to the power of 6 into self.mult 4, num.mult 6.  No, it doesn't sound right-but it gets your attention.  And once it gets your attention, you are able to follow along.  Not only that, but you can work out (without the benefit of a Latin dictionary) what these terms mean.  You can intuit that self.mult means a number that is multiplied by itself and num.mult means the number of times that number should be multiplied by itself.  And if you can work this out without looking at a math book, it means that self.mult 4, num.mult 6 makes more sense than 4 to the power of 6.  It means these not very elegant (but very English) terms make sense.  And that's important.  Because terms that make sense allow us to "learn the meaning of every element in a given task".  We can thus work out (using only the terms as our guide) that since self.mult 7 num.mult 3 means 7 multiplied by itself three times and since self.mult 7 num.mult 5 is 7 multiplied by itself 5 times, the product of self.mult 7, num.mult 3 and self.mult 7, num.mult 5 is self.mult 7 num.mult 3 + 5 or 8.    Really simple, isn't it?  And all for one equally simple reason: this math book is in English, not Latin.  This math book is not a traditional math book but it is very, very good at teaching math.  It explains each step of the way, it shows us exactly why similar triangles are important (p. 133) and how one goes about proving it and it is actually fun.  For people like me, who have never liked Math much this was a timely reminder-one I am using at work.  I highly recommend it for any professional who deals with numbers, any student reviewing for math exams (eg SATs) for any teacher faced with a class filled with students asking too many questions, and for any college student who needs a reminder on how to do the things your professor just assumes you know.     