 This is at one level an uplifting autobiography of an extraordinary man but at another level it is a guide to us a people living in a cynical (we call it "realistic") age in which we are bombarded by so many causes; all of them claiming to worthwhile, all of them claiming that they will uplift human dignity and freedom.  How can we choose amongst these causes?  How can we tell which cause is truly just and, having decided, how do we champion it effectively? In his autobiography, Martin Luther King helps us do so.  He explains that "constructive ends can never give absolute moral justification to destructive means, because in the final analysis the end is preexistent in the means" (20).  Thus, if those whose cause we would champion are murdering babies to achieve justice, the end they and we will achieve will be child murderers whether we want it or not.  But if those whose cause we would champion march peacefully to save a life, write countless letters on behalf of a starving child, collect money so that a woman who has been cast out by her society and is facing death might have a good legal defense, then we can be assured that the end we will achieve with our peaceful means will be a saved and happy life.  Not least of all our own. And how should we effectively champion our truly just cause; a cause we know is just because the means its proponents use to achieve their ends are right and noble?  We should concentrate on one issue at a time, highlighting that one issue by non-violent means.  And we must use nonviolence for today we do not face a choice between violence and non-violence but between "nonviolence and nonexistence" (360). So let us choose, in our cause and in our methods existence over the nihilism of all too many movements that claim to be revolutionary and yet which "reject the one thing that keep the fire of revolutions burning: the ever-present flame of hope" (329).  Let us choose those causes that would bring our fellow men and women life and that would bring us all hope.  Let us follow in the footsteps of Dr Martin Luther King and, like him, not follow false causes that (like the Black Power Movement he gives as an example) promise much but deliver only death and despair.     