 I read this book a while ago but hesitated before writing a review of it because I could not answer (to my satisfaction) a simple question: If Irshad sees all these problems with Islam why is she still a Muslim?  I didn't get it.  So I read this (deceptively simple-seeming) book again.  And while in the end, only Irshad can answer my question it seems to me that she remains a Muslim for two main reasons: she sees the beauty within Islam and Islam is what she is.  The Koran is all over the map she says and it requires interpretation.  And, she points out, there is no priesthood in Islam.  No-one is supposed to tell a Muslim what to do; what to think.  Irshad's Islam is one in which every Muslim follows ijtihad; in which authority is endlessly questioned.  It is that Islam which saw Islam's Golden Age; which saw over seventy universities in the Muslim World-the same number of universities in that far-off time as the virgins your typical suicide bomber expects to receive.    And it is the Islam of today that so shocks and upsets Irshad.  Because the gates of ijtihad, of independent thought, had been closed by Muslim rulers 1,000 years ago when the Islamic empire was at its height-to protect that empire and they had never been opened.  Why?  Because there were too many people who obtained power over Muslims when they interpreted the Koran for them (a Koran whose translations from the Arabic into the many languages of Islam's many followers have never really been accepted).  And today these men (and they are men) do not relish letting go of that power-even if it means that all they do is imitate imitations of a 1,000 years ago.  And what was true 1,000 years ago is often not true today.  But there is another reason the gates of ijtihad remain shut.  The vast majority of Muslims today are Asian-like Irshad herself.  But the customs that have been enshrined as Muslim are not Asian customs; they are Arabic customs.  And again there are vested interests within Islam that are struggling to preserve the pre-eminence of Arabic culture within Islam-whether Islam's many followers want to follow that culture or not.  The result is a tragedy and a radical departure from what Irshad feels Islam is; what it ought to be.  And this book, this open letter to her fellow Muslims, is a call.  It is a call for reform, for an end to the domination of Muslim minds by vested interests; for an end to the many tragedies that come of letting others dictate belief; for an end to the senseless violence and the claustrophobia.  It is a call, in short, for the Islam of Islam's Golden Age-an age of Ijtihad.  It is a call for Muslims to reclaim their identity as individuals within Islam.  You may not agree with everything in this book-I did not (for starters I did not and do not agree with the title).  But I urge you to read it anyway, whatever your faith.  For the main messages here: that religion is what we do, not some ideal; that we have a duty to question always and to fight when others try to shut our minds holds-whatever your faith.   And you may learn something about Islam that you will not see on the evening news.      