 It is perhaps best to begin by saying what this deeply personal and moving account is not.  It is not the memoir of a man whose mother or father "had been hauled to a concentration camp" (p. 22).  This is the memoir of "one of the lucky ones" (p.22).  It is nonetheless, a tale of a survivor.   It is the story of a man whose hormones forced him, a young adolescent Jew, to look at the hated newspaper Sturmer which portrayed Jews as evilly lusting after pure Aryan girls but which "could not leave sex alone."  And while he looked at the images of the dangerous cockroach-like Jew lusting after pure beauties-him-he grew of age.  Is it to be wondered at that he did not, as he tells us, lose his virginity until long after university?   And yet, Peter Gay was one of the lucky ones.  He only lost two members of his family to the gas chambers.  Both were blond and, in my opinion though not Peter's, rather pretty.  One of them played Germania in school plays.  The Nazis (or perhaps ordinary Germans? Or maybe Poles, Croats, Latvians?) gassed her.  Peter, however, was not gassed.  He was not even in a concentration camp.  Peter was one of the lucky ones.   All he did was live in a world, a Berlin that became smaller and smaller.  Not only could he not do certain things but more and more he could not go certain places, be on certain streets, or associate with certain people.  Non-Jewish doctors for example.  And the radio and announcements and the laws and the newspapers made it plain to him that he, a Jew, was a "blot on humanity" with whom "true" Germans should not associate. Gradually, his world became his immediate family and his aunts and uncles.  Gradually, gradually he became a true pariah.   Because he had become a Jew by dictat.  For Peter makes it clear that his family was (and took pride in being) an assimilated German family.  They did not think of themselves as Jews or as pariahs.  To them madmen were running their country: Germany.  And they were the true Germans.  None of this, of course, impressed the Nazis and since the madmen had the power, they, the true Germans, had to leave.  With a sensitive boy who was suffering from depression.  A boy who was one of the lucky ones.   And finally this is the story of the lucky boy grown into a man; a man who tries to reconcile himself to his Berlin.  A boy/man who wants to desperately say (as did President Kennedy but in proper German) Ich bin Berliner but who cannot quite do so.  A man who still roots for Hertha H.S.C. (a German soccer team) and who "regrets architectural adventurism that is working toward effacing the unique atmosphere of [Berlin]" (204) but who cannot quite say that he is a Berliner.  A man who insists on being an American in the city of his birth; a man to whom Nazi Berlin clings like shards of Kristallnacht glass.   For, in the end this lucky boy/man is a survivor.  Because the Nazis made him a Jew by dictat.     