 Alan Bloom begins his controversial book with this statement, "There is one thing a professor can be absolutely certain of: almost every student entering the university believes, or says he believes, that truth is relative... [This] is not a theoretical insight but a moral postulate... The students, of course, cannot defend their opinion... [but] to their way of thinking there should be no tolerance for the intolerant." When I read that statement as a student, I was offended.  Later (as I got on in years) I realized what he was trying to tell me.  As a young and idealistic undergraduate I believed that one must stand up for what is right, be committed, get involved, and act against evil. I also believed that truth and evil are relative. I was being inconsistent and didn't notice it. That, of course, is Bloom's point too and he concludes from it that students are in error in their relativism and calls for an education focusing on Western values that will teach them better. I think I was wrong but I would call for an education that would teach students about valid and invalid judgments.  Let's face it: many of the students in our universities are NOT Western and, although it would be good for them (and for us) to learn about Western culture, that is not the only culture out there.  We should all, however, learn about valid and invalid judgments; and we should all learn that it's okay to judge. A valid judgment requires that I separate my own personal preferences from what I judge to be unversal standards.  That's not an easy thing to do.  But it means that I must separate my revulsion from certain foods and customs (say lip piercing) from a woman throwing herself on her husband's funeral pyre.  The first is my cultural habituation; the second a universal value. Yet when I make those judgments I must do so humbly knowing that they are made by MY standards for I don't really know any others.  And for that reason, it would be good for me to learn what those standards are.  It would be good for me to learn Western values. And those, I'm afraid, are rarely taught these days. So I agree with Bloom's starting point but the conclusion he draws from it is perhaps not the only one possible.     