 It is rare, I suppose to recommend a book by noting who contributed to it, but then again it is rare to find the late Edward Said and Cynthia Ozick condemning the same thing and with equal passion.  And yet they like intellectuals from all over the world have come together, in this book, to gaze with heart-breaking pain at the age-old specter of anti-Semitism.  Their "solutions" are many; their ideological commitments are numerous but they have one thing in common: they refuse to look away from this hideous spectacle though looking at it causes them intense pain.   It is with pain that Melanie Phillips writes, "Want to make yourself, really, really unpopular if you're a Jew?  Try saying that the world is witnessing a terrifying firestorm of hatred directed at Israel and the Jewish people in which the Europeans are deeply implicated"; it is with pain that Edward Said writes that "There is now a creeping, nasty wave of anti-Semitism insinuating itself into our political thought and rhetoric...When I mentioned the Holocaust in an article I wrote here last November I received more vilification than I thought possible.."  The pain these authors feel is evident; so evident that the reader will need to take breaks from this book.  Frequent breaks.  For the pictures it paints-from the European, American, Arab, or Israeli perspectives are not pretty ones.  They are ugly as only racism can be ugly. But the authors of this book do not flinch from this ugliness; they stare it in the face.  They expose it for what it is.  They do not hide it behind euphemisms and double standards; they assure it that (as Harold Evans puts it) "There are things which are bad, and false, and ugly, and no amount of specious casuistry will make them good or true or beautiful." This book was written by those who dared to look, unflinching at this ugliness and, more, to write about it; to expose it.  And that is what makes this book, if not enjoyable, then immensely precious and worthwhile.  For it was written by the decent amongst us.  I recommend it.     