 Ok, yes it is well organized and very easy to read and reference to.  However it seems to me that alot of his ideas came from whims of his own fancy rather than actual research.  For instance he says that purple stones are supposedly ruled by  Jupiter.  Why? He also says that yellow stones are ruled by Mercury.  The fact is that yellow stones have been associated with Jupiter since ancient times while Mercury has been associated with certain green stones. It was felt that these colored stones magnified the associated planet's results which already had a role in our lives.  Luckily I had already done plenty of research in the subject before coming across this book.  He also fails to mention that practically every single stone has been associated with bad luck under certain circumstances and that 'bad' luck is relative.  For instance it was believed that certain stones were very bad luck...then you research into it and find out that the stone was considered bad luck because it was known to give the mother who wore the stone only daughters and not sons.  This would not be considered bad luck in our day and time and in fact would be considered very good luck to many.  There are so many examples like this...And if a certain stone IS associated with a particular planet like Mr. Cunningham and the ancients suggested, then wouldn't it also be true that if a planet happens to be badly placed in your particular birth chart, you're only magnifiying the bad results of that planet in your life by wearing the stone?  The difference between ancient gemologists and Mr. Cunningham is that Cunningham never bothers to bring this up at all in his book and thus he contradicts himself by saying that planets have assocations with stones, but that all stones do good for everyone.  The book is worth having in your library when you need to reference stones quickly.. just don't use it as your only source and don't take every thing the author says at face value.  Do gems & stones really have powers?  Well anything as beautiful as a well cut gem is bound to inspire great things in someone who's constantly laying eyes on such a wonder.  So hence it's probably all in the mind- but then again, isn't everything?     