 Spring Break, 1966.  Florida - been there, done that.  Road Trip - where?  Route 66.  Let's go.  Buck and Pete step onto 66 in Oklahoma, and step off in a California many of us remember and long for.  Music, women and a  culture unsure of where the Viet Nam War would lead us, provide the guys  with a Spring Break unlike anything they had previously experienced.  Chet  Nichols brings to life a story dedicated to leaving the path our parents  would have wished on us, to explore a world the majority only dreamed of.    The discovery of an idyllic life in Flagstaff, Arizona (punctuated by a  redneck run-in) leads the guys to understand there is something beyond the  confines of Oklahoma.  (A side note - although a novel, I can assure you  Josh and Maggie are alive and well, and their Granddaughters are every bit  as wild as their mothers - Flagstaff lives on!).  The beach, and the  grandeur of the Pacific, leads to the world of sex, drugs and rock-n-roll -  a time many of us remember with fondness, and Chet brings it all back in  vividly written scenes that make an "old guy" long for a return to those  times. The Last Riders on Route 66 is the Route 66 novel we've waited for.   Guidebooks, histories, maps and, even a murder mystery have explored the  Mother Road, but Chet Nichols takes us on a Road Trip that will stir the  emotions of those who lived through the excitement of the 60's only to land  in the boredom of the 90's and the new millineum.   Well, researched (with  only a couple of minor errors about the road), and written in a style that  virtually demands you keep reading, The Last Riders of Route 66 is a book  for every Roadie who lived through the sixties.  Were Buck and Pete truly  the last riders of Route 66?  The answer is, sadly, yes, they may have  been.  The rest of us can only search the road and bring with us our  memories of those Road Trips from years gone by - but through the pages of  Chet Nichols novel we are allowed to share in one of the great Road Trips  of all time.     