 In the tradition of the Disappointing Two Towers EA's Return of the King is an action based... well... hack 'em up. Its disappoint short, with mediocre at best graphics (Sorry folks I've been seriously spoiled by games like Resident Evil and Silent Hill 3) and its story is just barely enough to keep you playing, much like the last one. The big difference is that this game contains many more characters (nine in all) and a much larger amount of missions. Not only that, but ROTK also makes up for its shortcomings with an incredibly well done two player Co-Op mode. This is a feature that every hack and slash game needs! Although the graphics are better than the lackluster Two Towers (which looked like a high resolution PS 1 game) its still not up to my expectations for a game baring the Lord of the Rings license. There is no lip movement (which is appalling with today's technology) the animation is stiff, and the game contains some issues with clipping and collision detection. Don't let these issues dissuade you from playing this game, however, without a doubt ROTK is the best game based on the Tolkein stories, period. No other Lord of the Rings game comes close (though War of the Ring is looking pretty good). This game is genuinely good despite its flaws. It is nowhere near as flawed as Vivindi's Fellowship of the Ring (which borders on completely unenjoyable) and last years Two Towers (which was fun, but defiantly not as good as it could have been).   ROTK takes what Two Towers did do right and expands upon those ideas making a highly enjoyable experience that is actually worth the price of the game (even though it is still a bit short). I appreciated being able to play as every member of the Fellowship. It's what the Two Towers was sorely lacking, and I probably would have enjoyed the Two Towers much more if the character selection had been as versatile. After actually seeing the movie I would have liked to have more missions based off of Minias Tirith, but what's there was a lot of fun.   The end of the game promises a new EA game called "Lord of the Rings Trilogy" in 2004. It'll be interesting to see how this game turns out. If the two EA LOTR games are merely "demos" of a much larger game I'm going to be very upset. If this is the LOTR RPG I've been hoping for that lets you play as all nine members of the Fellowship and follows the best elements of both the book and the movie with a deep, rich plot focused story that will take what was in the movie, and ad events, and characters that were in the book, but neglected for the film and incorporate them into the game. Here's hoping that's what EA has in mind.     