 [...] Lately I've been complaining about pressure sensitive buttons, and their lack of responsiveness. This game is a prime example of that, as there have been many times when I am inputting the classic moves that I know by heart and nothing happens, or I'm pounding away at the controller and nothing happens. Its not that my controller is broken, is that a game meant for digital buttons should either be tweaked to handle analogue buttons, or not put on a system with a controller that has them. The biggest response problem is in the hyper combos, which require you to pull the left and right trigger together. On the DC I could pull the triggers once and pull it off, on the Xbox I have to pull the triggers repeatedly, and getting my butt kicked as a result. I was able to breeze through even the toughest battles on the DC, but the response was much much better for that system.  Don't get me wrong the game is still a blast, and definitely a worthy purchase if you don't already have the DC, or PS2 versions. This game is one of my all time favorite fighter games, and I still love it despite the response problems this game has with the standard Xbox controller. Although I have played with an S-Type controller I have yet to buy one, but I think I may finally do so in hopes that the controller will help be play this game better on the Xbox.   The sound is quite a bit better than the DC version; I can actually hear the taunts and "Ha-do-kens" without having additional volume like I had to have for the DC version of the game. Graphically, however, the game disappoints. Its sad to think that in two years the 3D polygon world has advanced so much that we have amazing pieces of work like Ninja Gained on Xbox, or the Resident Evils on GameCube, but when it comes to 2D sprites things still have jagged edges, and still animate stiffly, even if they are moving quickly. I'd think that Capcom could have easily tweaked the game graphically to enhance the experience, but they didn't. This game looks just like the DC version. I had high hopes for this port, but with no online play, and with no enhancements to the game over all I feel very strongly that getting rid of the DC version in anticipation for this version was a mistake. Definitely pick this up if you don't have the DC or PS2 version of the game though. It's still one of the most fun fighter games of all time, even if the standard Xbox controller isn't the most responsive.     