 I must admit that I bought the GameCube under the impression that the Rare games would be coming out in huge numbers for this system. I, perhaps ignorantly, assumed that the reason for the delays in the N64 days was due to the system's cartridge format, and difficult development field. Apparently Nintendo didn't see things that way, as they passed on the opportunity to buy Rare outright, and make them an internal development house, since then Microsoft has purchased Rare, LTD, and all of its licenses. Aside from Nintendo owned properties like Star Fox and Donkey Kong, Microsoft now has control over everything that made Rare LTD so great, from Conker to Perfect Dark Microsoft owns it all. It is with a great swell of sadness that I write this review, as it will be the last Rare game released on a Nintendo console. I own an Xbox, but Nintendo was a part of the magic of Rare, and vice-versa. It won't be the same, ever again. To be honest though, I firmly believe that Rare is loosing more loosing Nintendo, than Nintendo is in loosing Rare, but still, for Rare's final offering this is the icing on the cake of what has been a great software line up on what I still believe is the greatest console to date.  I am one of those gamers who don't care if the game "rips off" another game as long as the story is original, and the game is fun. Star Fox Adventures began as a game called Dinosaur Planet for the N64. Apparently Nintendo was working on a similar game in house and decided that it would be best to combine efforts and so Star Fox Adventures was born.   Rare has never been about innovation as much as perfecting already established engines, that's why they worked so well with Nintendo. Nintendo would develop an engine (In this case the Zelda Engine) and Rare would perfect it. Although the game engine is not perfected, as Zelda was executed better, this game is a joy and a wonder to behold. While some may criticize its engine as being unoriginal, or even less efficient than the Zelda original it works brilliantly, making this game just plane fun to play. Every aspect of this game is enjoyable, from the exploration, to the cheat tokens; even Tricky (Fox's side kick) is enjoyable. The game is nearly (note nearly) flawless.  Graphically Star Fox is above and beyond what other games of this genre have tried. Microsoft boasted that its version of Crash Bandicoot: The Wrath of Cortex would sport fur. To be honest the fur didn't look very good, in Star Fox; however, the fur is not only there, but looks very real and very convincing. Individual strands of fur seem to blow individually in the wind, and react on their own, independent of each other, which is a huge technical feat. The graphics are arguably better than Resident Evil. The only feature I would have liked to see is the effects of water on the fur, as this was the only thing lacking. With as good as this game looks it makes me feel very ripped off by Eurocom's port of Crash Bandicoot, and its lack of fur. The GCN proves once again that it is more than capable of handling the same sort of high graphics being pulled off on XBox. If only third party developers would realize that!  The story is enjoyable, and complex. It has a Disney quality feel to it, with that Rare and Nintendo magic thrown into the mix. I don't know why the game has a "T" rating, as the back of the package has a "mild animated blood and violence" label, but there is not a drop of blood anywhere in the game. Parents wondering if its safe to get this game for their kids can be assured that the game is perfectly child friendly, however, young children likely won't appreciate or enjoy this game as much as someone in their teens, or older.   Rare has gone the extra length to make sure that you don't need a guidebook for this game. This is greatly appreciated as not having to buy guidebooks means I have more money to buy the games themselves. There are moments that will have you stumped, but like Eternal Darkness before it, there is a solution in sight, and not something that is so over the top and nonsensical that you need a guidebook to explain how to do it. You can get through this game on your own. Even the secrets are pretty easy to find once you figure out what you're looking for.  The only area that this game takes a hit with me is the music. While many of the tunes are enjoyable I do feel strongly that the age of MIDI music in games is obsolete, but it's forgivable. I just wish that the game would have had orchestrated tunes.  All in all there's about 20-25 hours worth of an epic game here, and while it feels more like a Zelda Game than a traditional Star Fox game its well worth the price of admission. At least Rare is leaving Nintendo with a bang, and for that I thank them. I only wish that Microsoft would stop buying everything in site.     