 Toward the end of 1998 I woke up one day in my car, at the parking lot of Wal-Mart... I was so excited about the release of the new Zelda Game I literally sleep-drove myself to the place I had it reserved. Its kind of scary to think that I was so excited about something that I would do that, but I did. Never before, and never since have I been so excited about a game that I sleep-drive to a store the very early morning of its release day... in my Pajamas, no less, to go pick it up... and believe me... Was it worth the embarrassment of being seen in my Pjs? Yes. I was unemployed at the time, so Zelda absorbed the next four weeks. Fast Forward several years, I reserve the Legend of Zelda the wind Waker for my Cube, a game I am excited about... but not as excited about because there wasn't as long of a gap between Zelda games this time. We had Majora's Mask, two Capcom made GameBoy Zeldas, and a port of A Link to the Past... and now to keep me from sleep driving again a sort of "director's cut" of the game that still remains my all time favorite: The Legend of Zelda The Ocarina of Time. Its amazing what playing a game with a higher resolution and steadier frame rate can do for you, its also amazing how remixed dungeons can frustrate you, as some of the puzzles I've encountered have not had obvious solutions to them, and I am constantly getting stuck. This game is a lot more puzzle focused than the regular edition of the game, which is included on this disk as well, and therefore comes off as sort of a "second quest" for OOT, I would say that the game is about 70% the same as the standard version of OOT, but what is different about the game will surely have you scratching your head, and if the new dungeons are too much for you, fear not, the original OOT is on this disk... which I said already, but oh well. The point is that it's well worth it to reserve your copy of the Wind Waker to get this game! Essentially is free, and its also a slightly enhanced version of a game that many critics declared perfect. What are you waiting for? Go get it!     