 The original Xenosaga was a massive epic set in the universe of Xenogears (though not directly related.) The anime art style was innovative, and fun, and the story well thought out, deep, and engaging. Early on it was made clear that Xenosaga was meant to be a trilogy, so naturally Episode II was inevitable, and I was looking very forward to the new entry as many plot threads were left untied at the end of the original.  This installment disappoints in a number of ways. First, the art style has gone from being an anime, to being an attempt at more realism, which isn't easy to pull off on PS2. I normally do prefer realism, but I loved the art style of the original here, and felt that there was no need to change it. Many of the game play mechanics were confusing, I never got a double attack going, it seemed overly complex compared to the original. The game suffered from severe frame rate drops frequently, and worst of all the story was convoluted, and about half way into the game completely looses track of its own plot, either that or it feels that way because rather than focusing on the story and primary quest the game drowns the player in too many nonsense side quests, many of them taking far too long, and many of them having a hook that they cannot be completed until playing through the game a 2nd time. Namco really made me mad because I normally like to get absolutely everything in an RPG, but this game you have to literally play through the game 20 times just to complete one of the side quests, and frankly, I have too many other games to play, I'm sure that other people would feel the same way. On the plus side, there were a handful of interesting revelations in the story. I am eager to see the third game, but I certainly hope that Namco shifts its focus back to the story and the main quest. Side quests are good, but there should only be a small handful of them. The average player will spend about 25 hours out of the 40 it takes to complete this game (as complete as possible for 1 time through) on side quests and that's just far too many.     