 Continuity is a beautiful thing. At times it may be acceptable to ignore continuity that is ancient history. Grant Morrison refuses to deal with past issues in X-Men, the Marvel Ultimate line has thrown continuity out the window entirely, but these are stories that are some forty or fifty years old, Legacy of Kain isn't even ten yet. Soul Reaver has had extreme attention to detail, and only one issue of continuity remains in Soul Reaver, leaving out the fact that Vorador attacked the Sarafan with the Soul Reaver in the original Blood Omen, a plot element that seems to have been forgotten, but is a nit pick and not that important. Kain has always been about the story, and no other series has had such critical continuity, but in playing Blood Omen 2, which lets the player reprise the role of Kain himself, it would seem that the development team (which is different from the minds behind Soul Reaver) has not played any of the previous games. There are some serious plot issues in hand that contradict the original Blood Omen, as well as work against Soul Reaver, most notably, Vorador, love him as we all do, and his dealings in this game. It seems to me that someone on the writing staff wasn't informed that Vorador was decapitated by Mobious in a public execution toward the end of the original, a fact that was reiterated in Soul Reaver 2. This issue creates a massive hole in the timeline that is frustrating me because I want to know how Vorador managed to survive having his head taken off. The game is a lot of fun, and sadistically satisfying. A lot of games have been very tame of late, and it's been hard to find a game that's been ridiculously gory. This game has plenty of blood, and doesn't hold back at all, and for that I have to give it praise. However, despite being fun there are a few issues that plague the game. How hard would it have been to build this game on the Soul Reaver engine? The control is more similar to Tomb Raider than it's predecessors and that is a serious draw back for the intense combat situations, it makes it harder to get away. While Raziel could literally run circles around groups of enemies at a time swiping every which way at his whim, Kain is stick with the pivot, press up to move forward garbage that has plagued many of Eidos' games for ages, an archaic style that I had hoped died. There is also an unreasonable amount of slowdown where the frame rate drops significantly. This is especially annoying when taking on multiple enemies at the same time. Over all Blood Omen 2 is a good game, but if you are a Kain Devotee, then you will likely demand an explanation for Vorador, among other holes this game puts into the over all Nosgoth timeline. This game raises more questions than it answers; in fact it fails to answer any questions at all. I still like the story, but for continuity's sake, one may need to dismiss this game the way we have to dismiss "Never Say Never Again" for the Bond franchise.     