 To be honest I only ever heard of Gilmore Girls one time before when the mother and daughter of the series were mocked by the Family Guy and my wife had a quick retort to the show's defense. Then, not a week later, she begged me to buy her this box set for Christmas. In some ways I'm glad I did, and in others I'm kicking myself at the same time for not just buying her Season 1, as I'm still kind of lost at the moment entering a series so late into it's over all drama.  In my research, prior to watching season five I learned that this show's premise is supposed to be a mother and daughter who are so close that people mistake them for sisters. Something must have gone horribly wrong along the way because in Season Five I felt that there was a sharp wedge between Lorelei and Rory... a huge sharp wedge. I don't know if that was there all along, or if it's new, but I felt a mother desperately trying to get close to her daughter, only to be pushed away by the 19 year old. To be honest this show was a mixed bag for me, again coming into it so late, though my wife was very excited to receive this Christmas present, and was able to hop right into the set I took longer to get my bearings in the story, and have come to certain conclusions that may not accurately reflect the series as a whole. Firstly, that the show opened up with Rory helping what I later earned is her ex-boyfriend commit adultery didn't exactly put her in a favorable light with me, and said ex-boyfriend, Derek, seemed to have a really sweet, very loving wife who was desperate to please him, and crushed when she learned of his infidelity. This did not put him in a favorable light with me either. Neither character found redemption with me throughout the season, especially with the huge decision that Rory has to make when Preppy boy Logan comes into the picture (who looks freakishly like the guy I sit behind at work I might add...) I did not find a single redeeming quality to Rory, and I came to really detest Derek. I'm not too fond of Rory's grandmother either who is even more shallow and self absorbed than she is! Thankfully, there's Lorelei who is funny, charming, and witty, and (According to my wife) finally with the guy of her dreams and they exhibit some amazing chemistry. I especially enjoyed the episode where the whole town finds out that they are together, and how the town reacts to it, and how they react to their reaction! It was a very funny episode. Lorelei is what made this season so enjoyable for me as she did for Gilmore Girls what Qui Gon Jin did for Star Wars Episode 1, held the show together, and prevented it from becoming un-enjoyable. You see, unlike her daughter and her mother, Lorelei is not shallow, hollow, and self-serving. She's quite the opposite in fact. There were numerous occasions where it was tempting for me to forward through Rory's scenes just to get back to her mother again. She does an excellent job keeping an otherwise stale story afloat, and making it actually entertaining! The show is slower paced, and more character driven, but as long as you don't mind that you'll probably find this series enjoyable.  Perhaps the biggest head scratching moment I had was when I read the back of the package and noticed a small add for the series' sound track... The music is used very rarely, and what is there is uninspired. Numerous heavily dramatic moments passed in this season where (especially with Rory) I just wasn't feeling it from the actors, this lack of feeling could have been eliminated with some dramatic score, an acoustic guitar... anything, But in most cases there was nothing. I suppose after 5 season you might have enough licensed material for a single CD, but don't expect much from the show itself. The sound was decent for what it is; plenty loud on its own merits, but lacking any explosions and anything fancy like that it doesn't really need anything big sound wise so it delivers for what it is. The video is light years better than the grainy mess that was American Gothic, but its still not as clean as say 24 (Insert whatever season you choose) and for the sharp trained eye be warned there are frame rate drops which causes the camera movement and the action on the screen to appear somewhat choppy. Its very subtle, and having worked in film editing myself, most likely the result of the way it was filmed (probably digital) rather than the video transfer. This effect is less noticeable on a smaller screen, and isn't as bad as the first couple seasons of Deep Space Nine where any sharp movement of the actors or the camera caused significant choppiness in the presentation, as well as a motion blur. Gilmore Girls Season 5's frame rate dips are nowhere near that bad, but are noticeable on a big screen like mine, and my wife noticed them as well. Again people running this on a smaller TV (Like DS9 before it) may not find it all that noticeable.  In all honesty this is not a show I would have been drawn to on my own, but like I said I am glad I got introduced to it. It's one of the WB's better efforts, and although some of the lead characters seem shallow and self-serving they can be pretty true to life. I've lived in small towns, I know people like Lorelei and Rory, for better or worse, and so it's easy to get drawn into the show because of that. My recommendation is that this show is best for fans, or for folks who don't mind slower paced, more character driven shows, and especially for folks who live in smaller rural areas. I'll probably pick up the other seasons gradually myself, as I identify greatly with Luke and my wife, incidentally, has a personality very similar to Lorelei, which makes the show that much more enjoyable for us both. Plus its nice to have a show that we can both agree on, since she usually detests the horror shows I like to watch.     