 This review is actually in reference to both the Dreamcast version and the Playstation version. For PS 1, RE 3 offers some of the best graphics available on the system, on DC the graphics are a sore disappointment as there were only minimal improvements, and while it does look better on the DC there are other enhancements that I would have implemented. This game had scared me when I rented it on the PS 1 so bad that I set it aside. It had got my heart racing, the whole running away and running for dear life... and me without a guidebook! Several years later I buy the DreamCast version just to complete the collection, and while waiting for the remake of RE 1 for my GCN I dust this game off and played through it, without a guidebook. This time I didn't get spooked at all. I was up pretty late that night I got scared anyway.  RE 3: Nemesis focuses more so on action than anything else, and there is (thankfully) more than enough ammo and herbs to go around. I think that this is probably the easiest of the Resident Evil games, not saying that you won't encounter the "You Died" screen on occasion, but less often than in other installments. This is also the shortest game in the series. The voice acting is dramatically better than previous games, as well as the in game cut scenes a little more fleshed out. However the story is not as fleshed out as it should have been. The game does have some advantages. It is the first game to allow you to ascend and descend stairs without using the action button, and it was the only game of the series to have a functional dodge button, which was great. I also enjoyed the gunpowder mixing. All in all this game is a lot of fun, short, but sweet, and although it is not the pinnacle of the series it is a worthy sequel. Plus the DreamCast version has more than enough extras to keep a person busy for a while. Lie RE 2 this game is being ported to GCN with minimal improvements. I only wish that Capcom would consider a total remake of this game as well with more story elements. If future installments of RE are to keep the tank like movement than I hope that they will reincorporate the dodge button.     