 Back in the day of PS1 and the N64 the Dreamcast and PS2 were just barely starting to show off some of thier stuff. PS2 was demonstarting FMV demos, while Dreamcast was demonstrating real time in game material. The game that made me decide that I would forgive Sega for the CD, 32 X and Saturn was the original Code Veronica. I bought a Dreamcast and never regretted it (PS2 on the other hand is still a major regret.) Code Veronica was an amazing display of the Dreamcast's power, but that was then.... In October of 2000 I was amoung the many unfortionate imbiciles who didn't reserve a PS2 and then spent the next several weeks hunting one down. I ended up paying through the nose for the "must have" system, and it was until Onimusha Warlords came out that I laid in wait for a worth while game... Sadly that game was short. I traded the dreamcast version of Code Veronica for Phantasy Star Online, and so when Code Veronica X came out this summer I had an excuse to buy the inevitable Resident Evil Director's cut version of this Dreamcast classic. The game features an additional 10 minutes that really flesh out the story, but the graphic are no longer impressive, and now the archaic control style has gotten very iritating. Although I do love the game over all, this game is a "only if you don't already have the Dreamcast version" title. It's not worth buying if you already have the Dreamcast version, and frankly Capcom needs to knock it off with these director's cut RE games. Just do the game right the first time around! Thankfully all future installments of Resident Evil will be exclusive to GameCube, a complete remake of the original is under way and is simply breathtaking. Hopefully they'll address all the problems plaging this aging series and revitalize it. And hopefully Mikami will rule these the "definitive" versions of the game and opt not to do any more "director's cut" type games. I'll buy the first remake, but if there's a Resident Evil 'Cube Director's cut I'll give capcom the proverbial finger. I'm getting tired of the director's cut garbage.     