 Due to this being a review of a much older game there are newer titles to compare this one too. However, despite having poorer graphics than FF X, and being that there is no voice acting in this title when there should have been, at least for the FMVs, its easy to avoid going back to this title for those who have yet to play it. This however, would remain a mistake. Like Star Trek, the best Final Fantasy games end in an even number, and FF VIII is no exception. The graphics were the pinnacle of Playstation graphics, and the sound track remains arguably the best of the franchise. The story is where the game really shines. It's a romance, something that Square hadn't done effectively in the past. This game excels at the romance aspects of the story where all other FF games have failed. More importantly, for me, is that the main character is not an overly perky blonde hair blue eyed happy dude, but one much more like myself. Darker, moodier, and misunderstood as being distant and cold. Squall has a great deal of objections to overcome in identifying and getting a firm grip on love, and even then he has trust issues making him a character that is much easier for me to identify with as Squall and I are a lot alike. (Not easy to admit, but true.) It was also nice to see an FF game without the generic overly happy personality. It was also nice to see a lead male in FF without blonde hair.  The game play was where this game left many people wanting. The junction system had quite a steep learning curve, and no matter how much work I did with the cast nobody ever did 9999 damage without the aid of a GF summon. While I enjoyed the Guardian Force Summons and never tired of them many people did not and wanted to skip them. The option to do so would have been nice. I also wish that the characters could learn skills and such without having to have a GF equipped. The game is too reliant on summons and it would have been nice to have the characters have strengths and weaknesses on their own.  Although I love this game, I would like to see a remake of the game in the vein of Resident Evil for GameCube. Using similar Technology Square could easily upgrade the graphics; sound and game play to put this game on par with the recent Final Fantasy X. If they really wanted to, it could look as good as Resident Evil if they made it for the GameCube. Earlier some websites reported that remakes of VII, VIII, and IX for the next Gen consoles were being considered. Being that FF VIII could have been much better, even though it was great, its fun to imagine how it could be on next gen consoles if square realizes the true potential of this epic masterpiece.     