 This past year was a great year for Nintendo GameCube. While I'll be the first to admit that the N64 never really did well enough in my book I adamantly refute the naysayers who refuse to acknowledge GameCube's greatness. The fact of the matter is that the hardware is almost as powerful as the XBox, and even has a texture capacity advantage. Characters tend to look more realistic, while XBox looks cartoonier, but that's okay! I like XBox too, now.   Nintendo had a huge amount of great games during its 2002 run, Resident Evil, Eternal Darkness, Star Fox Adventures, Mario Sunshine, and even its first online game, Phantasy Star Online.  I have now 14 GameCube Games, compared to 8 Playstation 2 games and 7 Xbox games. Being that I place my scores on the amount of games I end up buying for any given system during that year that puts GameCube in the number one spot. I bought 7 XBox games this year, and only one PS2 game.  I have a track sheet I've made. If I have the money by the end of 2003 I should have 35 GameCube game, 29 Xbox games, and 21 PS 2 games. The bad news is that for both GameCube and PS 2 many of those titles are already released games that I have yet to get, and am planning to get used. Nintendo has not announced very many first party titles (the reason you buy Nintendo is for first and second party games) and with the absence of Rare (now owned by Microsoft) I wonder if Nintendo will be able to keep up this momentum, especially since XBox has a ton of stuff coming out this year that is much higher in my priorities. It is possible that Xbox may end up over taking GameCube in my personal collection, something I didn't think was possible six months ago, but they are only five games behind in my "games to buy list", but as soon as Rare starts cranking out their new Xbox stuff that may change very quickly.   I recommend buying both an XBox and a GameCube. The games of these systems are so good that if you don't have them both you'll be missing out on a great deal. The only system I can do without right now is PS2, and that is because most of the noteworthy PS2 games are also available on the other two systems. If you haven't gotten a GameCube yet go get one, along side Eternal Darkness, Metroid Prime, and both of the Resident Evils. Those games alone should be enough to justify the purchase, not to mention the ton of other really good games that are also available for this small but amazing, and highly under rated console.   The only weakness the system has is its lack of an online plan. Only one game features online support so far, which is disappointing. But even without much online content the GCN is still well worth it.     