 Final Fantasy VII is in an awkward position these days. Fans of the original still bask in the fond memories the (for its time) revolutionary title brought to them. Newbies, however, are now turned off by the (now) archaic graphics, inconsistent character models, and poor localization that resulted in severely bad English.   This game is in dire need of a remake, and rumors have been going around that one is in the works, but in the mean time fans have this little treat to hold them over.   For the first time since the original Mortal Kombat a video game movie takes place within the continuity of the game it's based on. This makes it already leaps and bounds better than any other game to film conversion. That said the film is far more visually stunning than its competitors, and the animation is simply breath taking. It brought tears to my eyes when I realized that one day the actual game could look this good, if they remake it... And theoretically it's possible that a PS3 remake of the original could come close. It's beautiful, and unlike other recent CGI films with quasi-realistic characters, Advent Children's characters feature very lifelike eyes, and deliver mostly believable performances except the gravity defying stunts defy suspension of disbelief, yet remain true to the game as many of these stunts are based off of the FFVII Limit Breaks! And they look amazing, even if I don't believe that Cloud could fall several hundred feet and not break anything.   The film's story, however, is somewhat problematic. Non-fans shouldn't even bother trying to follow it. There was potential for a very deep film here, but sadly what story there is minimalistic and serves as a device to move from one action sequence to the next. You can tell that the writers of this film are too used to writing for video games, as this sort of writing works well there, but here it leaves a lot to be desired. I was especially disappointed that the party (Barret, Cid, Caith Sith, Yuffie, and Red XIII) didn't really get all that much screen time. Had this film been longer then there could have been some seriously cool character developments. I was particularly disappointed with the final battle, which looked awesome, but really didn't do all that much for the story. Had the Remnant remained the main villain instead of a device to resurrect Sephiroth I would have handled the story a little more seriously. Cheesy resurrections don't go over that well with me.   Cloud is the only character that receives any significant character development here. And I'm glad he is able to make peace with himself, but at the same time I am sorely disappointed that there wasn't much by way of romantic developments between Tifa and him. Tifa is obviously in love with him, and I know he's in love with Aerith, but she's dead, and he should have realized by now that Tifa is ga-ga for him and done something about it at the end.    This story is not un-enjoyable, its just not very deep. It runs circles around Silent Hill, and would have been a much better expenditure for theater viewing. FFVII isn't going to win an academy award for best screen play or picture, but it certainly wets one's appetite for the rumored remake.      