 Okay, I'm not a fan of Buffy and here's why. I am a fan of parapsychology. The study of ghosts, and vampires, and other mythological monstrosities has been an interest of mine since I was a child. Vampires are my favorite monsters because when used correctly they can be a very deep and compelling monster, on that serves as a symbol for what we as a society have become.   My book shelves are jam packed full of vampire literature, from the works of Bram Stoker to the great works of Anne Rice, to the not so good, but still kind of fun work of Laurell K. Hamilton, to the masterpiece of storytelling that is Vampire: The Masquerade, and its many companion game books, or novels based therein, to Hunter: The Reckoning, and so on. I'm no stranger to vampire mythology, both from a modern, and a historical aspect.   It is because of my background in this field that I have always detested Buffy, and their portrayal of vampires. Vampires do not lack a soul. If you take away the soul you take away the vampire's meaning for existence, and usefulness in a good story. They become wallpaper for action flick, and nothing more.   I have only watched a few episodes of Buffy, and no offense to Buffy fans the show is too juvenile for my tastes. However, I'm still looking for a must have title to sit next to Hunter: the Reckoning in my XBox collection. This game may very well end up being that lucky title. This game does almost everything right.  The control and camera scheme is very Soul Reaver like. This made it very easy for me to get into the groove of the game play. My only complaint is that the combat seems a bit simplistic. I find myself kicking my way through out the baddies and the punching seems pretty much ineffective, plus I don't want to risk breaking the sharp objects Buffy can carry.  Another minor complain is the dialogue. Since I'm not a fan of Buffy the bad puns are big time groaners. Although she does have a few good ones, a lot of the puns are just bad. There's also a lot of repeated lines throughout the game play that are repeated so much it gets annoying. It's tempting to hit the mute and leave it on mute until the next cut scene.   The lack of variety to the vampire models is also a complaint. How many times do I have to kill that guy/girl? The Xbox could have easily handled a larger variety of models. The zombies of Nintendo/Capcom's Resident Evil had a great deal of variety. There were very few zombies that looked identical to each other. More variety along these lines would have been nice for the vampire bad guys.   Graphically, Buffy falls somewhere between Eternal Darkness, and Resident Evil. It is step up in character models, but Eternal Darkness was sharper and crisper, still it is impressive graphically, but not as impressive as Resident Evil. Some of the characters don't look as good as others. Buffy and Spike look great, as does her mentor whose name slips me. Xander is okay, as is willow, but whoever that other cheerleader is (the brunette) looks terrible. Again, the models look better than Eternal Darkness, but ED is sharper and crisper, but the game is still not quite on par with RE. I guess Capcom raised the bar unreasonably high, as critics like myself will always compare horror titles to RE.  Definitely a game to buy, I think. But it may not be for all non-Buffy fans. The dialogue can get quite tacky.     