 Its ironic that this game is called Lament of Innocence, or Crying over Innocence, when it resembles another game that involves Crying in the title so closely. I suppose that it could be used as a way of telling Castlevania fans "This still isn't the game you've been waiting for, in fact it's a rip off of Devil May Cry." And sadly that's exactly what it feels like.   I've come to the conclusion that every so often Castlevania must undergo a tremendous change in order to survive. It keeps the series alive, and keeps it from getting stagnant, which is very easy for this series to do, often times because sequels take as many steps backward as they do forward. The exceptions would be Symphony of the Night, and Aria of Sorrow. The vast majority of the series is still stellar, with very few installments being bad games, or flat out unenjoyable (All three original GameBoy titles come to mind, as well as the 2 N64 titles. The rest of the games all range from being great to superb). This game is great, and very enjoyable, however it is not what I was hoping for. The camera is an annoyance, and tracks Leon Belmont like Devil May Cry, the controls are set up like Devil May Cry, everything about this game screams Devil May Cry, which is sad because I have always wanted Castlevania in 3D, (only not so clumsily as it was on the N64) and now I have a much better version of the game in 3D but its lost so much in the translation, this time, where as the last one lost its game play, we loose a lot of variety of levels... long corridor leads to a room, which leads to another long corridor, ala Devil May Cry... except DMC had more variety to its scenery. Where are the forests? The Catacombs? And while I haven't beaten the game yet there's no sign of the classic clock tower either! Where are the deep plat-forming elements? As terrible as Legacy of Darkness was I loved the clock tower in that game, although I felt it was too short... And I have to confess that I have cheated a bit and I have glimpsed through the guidebook, there really doesn't seem to be a clock tower stage. Maybe it would have been to hard to do with the camera system... maybe Konami should have done something else with the camera? Maybe Konami should have put a little more thought into this game. While it is very polished, it does not FEEL like a Castlevania game to me, aside from the art style of Ayami Kojima, which thankfully saves this game's style from falling flat on its face.   If Konami wants to make me happy by copying another game's engine that engine should be a Zelda game. Give us the RPG elements, give us a castle that will take 48 hours of real time to explore, give us a forest, a swamp, a clock tower to explore not just six levels of endless corridors. More variety please!   And don't get me started on the music. For a game that has advertised itself as having fully orchestrated music I must say I am disappointed as I have only found a couple of tunes that have been noteworthy, nothing on the level of Symphony of the Night, or the Recent Soul Calibur 2, both of which featured phenomenal and epic soundtracks. Lament of Innocence simply lacks any music that really screams "Castlevania" at this point in the game (Level 4) which means the game doesn't have much longer to amend this flaw. Simply put this game is lacking in length, in variety, in depth, in originality, and most disappointing of all (since music is generally a huge part of Castlevania) it lacks in a truly noteworthy score. I hate having to rip apart the latest entry in my all time favorite game series, but sadly that's how let down I feel by this game, when I was expecting much more than just another Devil May Cry Clone.     