 Metroid has always had a basic premise of a story, and not much else. We knew the game had plot, but never before has a Metroid game had so much actual story, and here's the best part of it, its a darn good one too!  Samus is on a survey mission when she is attacked by a parasite called X. In order to save her, the medics of the Galactic Federation genetically fuse her with Metroid DNA. The benefits of this fusion is that she can now absorb the X, the downside is that she has inherited the Metroid weakness to ice, and has to regain all of her powers, and there is an X Parasite who has decided to mimic Samus at full power (which can kill you quite quickly I might add.) The bosses in this game range from pathetic push overs to so frustrating you'll break your GameBoy Advance (which I haven't done yet because I toss it into a nearby couch pillow...) the game is not easy. Finding secrets and hidden passages in as it always has been. If you have played previous Metroid games you'll know what to do, if you haven't I highly suggest at least playing through Super Metroid first, as this story is a direct sequel to that game, and some story elements may not make sense otherwise.   Graphically I am impressed. Metroid Fusion features the graphics I have been waiting to see on the GBA, a handheld loosely based on Super Nintendo technology. I have seen some SNES looking games, but this one actually surpasses is SNES predecessor, which is amazing.  The music for this game is also amazingly well done, especially if you are playing with a good set of headphones! This game has both great graphics, and great music, which proves that the GBA can have the best of both worlds, unlike Castlevania Harmony of dissonance which had decent graphics, but horrid music.    I highly recommend this title, but more so for the seasoned Metroid fans, or for fans of the more recent Castlevanias. The complex game play may not be for every gamer out there, especially for younger audiences. Never the less its good to see Samus back in action, with the option of a classic 2D side scrolled for those who may not be interested in the 3D Metroid on GameCube (shame on you if you're one of those few!)     