 Give Nintendo credit, they may not be number 1 in sales, but they do start trends that everyone and their dog copies, whether it's analogue controls, or complete, and groundbreaking remakes of yester-generation's groundbreaking titles.  While the not-so-big-N was spending time getting remakes of Resident Evil, and the absolutely incredible Metal Gear Solid Microsoft decided to utilize their purchase of former Nintendo 2nd party Rare to make a remake of a ground breaking and revolutionary entry to the N64 era.  Conker's Bad Fur day was not a hit. It came out too late in the N64's lifecycle for it to be, most people were already looking toward the next generation. Those that were interested in the game tended to ask for "The squirrel game on the Playstation"; ever ignorant to the fact that Nintendo DOES target adults from time to time. Microsoft's theory was that Conker failed because it was on a Nintendo system.  It's little irony that this incarnation of the game isn't faring much better, but there's a substantially more explainable reason this time... Rare made some changes that just don't really work, or improve the game. Graphically the game is a mixed bag. Though the polygon models, fur rendering and overall detail has been significantly improved over the original (It's beautiful) the game still has the usually 30 frames per second frame rate and somewhat choppy animation of the original. While this was fine during the N64 era, it's disappointing now that they didn't improve the animation at all. Overall, however, this is a vibrant and beautiful game, and one of the best looking games over all this generation. Rare definitely deserves some kudos for the amazing amount of detail this game contains. Game play wise the avoid combat or solve puzzles to kill enemy tactic of the original (Minus the Spooky and saving Private Rodent sequence) was replaced with a choppy dual analogue with baseball bat combat engine that just didn't really work all that well. The combat was sloppy, repetitive and boring, even frustrating at points as the dual analogue system does not make for easy retreats, and I found myself impaled by the imps more often than not, or falling off of high places trying to get away after attacking because of the sluggish, and sloppy combat system. In the end, Rare should have left well enough alone. The Dual analogue control of the Saving Private Rodent scene was overly complex and made for a more frustrating experience than what the original offered, however, it did help the Spooky sequence, making it possible to aim much easier than I remember it being in the original. I'm not sure how or why it worked out that way for me, but it's did. Spooky benefited from the new combat engine, the rest of the game was made more frustrating.  Content wise the Xbox version suffers from severe censorship. I mean severe. Nintendo let Rare get a way with a lot more than Microsoft did, ironic, considering the market perceptions of the two. The sunflower now wears clothing, language is almost all bleeped out, and oddly, instead of the Tediz bleeding stuffing like in the original, they just bleed. The Electric Eel minigames is gone, as is the manned turret in Saving Private Rodent, but the most frustrating elements of the original (The race with the cavemen, in all it's cheap accidental death glory remains... stupid dinosaur getting in the way) as does the turret tower-tank segment, where you have a clear shot of the last pole, but can't peg it unless you're in a very specific, next to impossible to reach spot.  The original title was "Conker: Live and Uncut", with the loss of content, the irritating new combat engine, and all the censorship that took place Rare took a great game and made it mediocre. Little wonder it's not a blockbuster on this system. A note to Microsoft, take a cue from Nintendo, if you do a remake of a previous generation game, don't ruin it! Enhance it! As far as the online player mode, it's really not much to speak of. It's disappointingly scarce in original content, again it suffers from a sluggish dual analogue control scheme, and has little to do besides running around killing, and being killed. Not much of an improvement over the multi-player games of the N64 original.  I hate to say it, but the stigmatism that remakes are seldom better than the original holds true here. In typical Hollywood fashion more eye candy does not mean better. The N64 original remains a classic, while this remains a cash cow.      