 What happens when you design a game for the PC but put it across a multitude of consoles first? BloodRayne. Now, now, hear me out before you bite my head off. The software is riddled with a great deal of glitches; at least as far as the Xbox version goes, that's the one I bought. There are countless times I've run into slowdown, and visible rendering, aliasing, artifacting and numerous other problems of an unpolished game. So I'm not happy with the graphics. Secondly; the control options. I have been one of those voices proudly protesting the Resident Evil/Tomb Raider and the Mouse and Keyboard control set up. When I put the disk into my Xbox I was appalled to discover the game's default setting was mouse and keyboard, which does not work on a console. Thankfully, after tampering with the control settings for a while I discovered a tomb Raider like control set up. While I hate both styles and prefer free roaming analogue (a kin to the Soul Reavor series, Mario, Zelda, and Metal Gear) the option to play this more like Blood Omen 2 than Grand Theft Auto III was greatly appreciated, but it would have been better to deign this game from the ground up like a true console game, and not one that looks, and plays like a bad PC Port.  The voice acting is horrid, that said I'm now going to comment on what this game does right. The action, despite its awkward controls, is fast and furious, and there's lots of it. The story line is also darn near R-Rated Vampire flick quality, at least on par with the recent Blade movies, sadly nowhere near the caliber of something like "Interview with the Vampire", and no where near as deep as the original Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain, or the two Soul Reavor games. As a vampire fan I rush to just about anything vampire related, and while I don't regret buying this mediocre game I'm glad I didn't pay more for it than I did (I got it second hand.) I recommend that players rent this title before committing to a purchase. The game is a far cry from a must have.     