 Seeing this movie in the theater was something of a marvel. My wife and I were surrounded by little children, each of which were more excited about this movie than I had seen for Lord of the Rings, or Star Wars, or any major epic in recent years. See this movie was meant for them. We all know and love the story of Peter Pan, and a good many of us also fell in love with the unofficial sequel Hook (albeit only after it hit home video and DVD as its theatrical presentation didn't fare to well.) But it was only after seeing this movie sitting next to a young girl, about 6 or 7 at the most and seeing how she responded to this film did I begin to understand what Peter Pan is. Its a story about the tragedy of loosing our innocence, about being forced to grow up, and take on adult responsibilities when we all would much rather just play and have fun. Most of all its about wanting the best of both worlds, the things that come with adulthood such as love, and family, without having to sacrifice the comforts of childhood. That is the inner struggle of Peter Pan. He wants to love, but knows that he cannot, because if he gives into his heart it means he would have to grow up. It's amazing to see a movie that so beautifully captures the emotional struggle that children go through at that age. The inner struggle to cling to the things that are fun, and innocent, and childish, versus the desire to become independent, to love and be loved beyond a mother-son-brother-father type of setting, and yet the need to be cared for and taken care of. I was blown away by this movie because quite simply... I have never read the book, and I had no idea Peter Pan was this deep. The most moving part was when the girl I was sitting next to cried into her mother's chest proclaiming that she didn't want to grow up. There is the heart of Peter Pan, realizing that inevitably we all grow up, we'll all have bills, we'll all have unsatisfactory jobs (with a few exceptions), we'll all grow old, and most important we'll all die. Peter Pan is a symbol defying this cycle that binds and imprisons all adults. I suddenly find myself wishing I hadn't grown up either. That's not to say that I don't enjoy the benefits of being an adult, but this movie did make me yearn again for my younger days. Without a doubt, this movie is a must see for everyone. Child and adult alike this film will reach you in ways that no other presentation of this story has ever accomplished.     