 In 1992 I was forbidden to play a game I had never heard of called Mortal Kombat. Apparently my mom saw it on the news and instinctively forbade that I even touch the controversial game. Needless to say that my brother, father and I, perhaps through some act of defiance, all sought this game out... more or less to find out what the big deal was. What we discovered is how frighteningly deadly the combination of Daniel Moir behind the controls of Scorpion were. To this day I have gone completely undefeated in the original Mortal Kombat, not even the computer stood a chance.   Mortal Kombat 2 followed, and while the computer would get the best of me only one human opponent was able to beat me. My reign as Tooele's champion or Mortal Kombat ended with the third installment of the series, and when Mortal Kombat trilogy and Ultimate MK3 came out I was burnt out. The fatalities were cheesy, the fighting redundant and cheap, and the babalities, friendships, and animalities were just so over done I gave up. Needless to say I was there for Mortal Kombat Mythologies, but like most people ignored Special Forces all together. MK 4 came and went, as did MK Gold, which was fun for a while, but the fatalities were just too complicated to pull off on the Dreamcast controller.  Despite having out grown Mortal Kombat, for some reason the title called my name when I went to buy Metroid Prime and Fusion. "Daniel... master me!" I couldn't resist and I succumbed to the temptation.  The game is completely different in terms of game play, and the story surprisingly refreshing. Liu Kang is dead... now what? New Tournament, new characters, a deep fighting engine, the return of some old favorites, and Scorpion is still as deadly as ever.   Like Super Smash Bros Melee there is a ton of stuff to unlock, everything from hidden characters, to production art, and much more. In addition the fatalities are now much easier to do, which is nice. The game no longer requires the perfect distance to execute a fatality, as MK 4 did, which was a pain. The downside is that the fatalities, for the most part, are still cheesy, and while they are bloody they still don't have that horror element that the first two had. There was something scary about those fatalities, but ever since MK 3, they have been outlandish and silly, but they are at least so outlandish that the sick minded (such as myself) will get a genuine chuckle out of the ridiculousness of it all.   Graphics are very good, but still could have been better. Sound effects are great, but the music isn't as good as past Mortal Kombat games. All in all this is the best thing to happen to the series since MK 2, but its still not as good as the first two games were. I recommend the XBox version, as the game seems to be optimized for this system, if not go with the GameCube version as its almost just as good, with only subtle differences graphically. The PS 2 version's a bit too slow for my taste.     