 Just about the time I began to wonder when we'd see the next Legacy of Kain game this game was announced. It seems that this game was released only six months or so after the initial announcement of it and while the game is superb there are some serious problems that should not be over looked.   Legacy of Kain has become my absolute favorite game series, and it looks as though it is either over, or drawing to a close very soon, with the way that Defiance ends, however I believe the series may be over. I will explain momentarily. The plot has been one of the most intriguing and genuinely brilliant storylines ever committed to a game. The type of story that would go down in horror novel history as a true classic, only with the cinematic flare of available technology.   I remember playing through the original Silicon Knights "Blood Omen: The legacy of Kain" and while the game is very dated it was still filled with a breathtaking story, and every installment of the series since then has kept me wanting more, but now it seems there is closure, and its very satisfying.   See the events of defiance do a lot to tie many of the loose plot threads together, even giving the events of the convoluted Blood Omen 2 some semblance of credibility, leaving only one question... Vorador was killed in BO: LOK, it was reiterated in Soul Reavor 2, and again in Defiance, so why is he alive in Blood Omen 2? I rather enjoyed the twist with Janus Aldron, however, and this could explain how the Hyldan ended up imprisoning him, but unless Vorador was rescued at the last second... At any rate as you can see although this game does have satisfactory closure and it would be okay with me if they end it here there's still a few more issues to resolve. The problem is that only one between Raziel and Kain can carry on. The story for this installment is phenomenal, up there with the original BO: LOK, and Soul Reavor 2, not down in the dredges like the ill conceived BO 2. This game finally outlines the true villain, the Elder God himself, not the Hyldans, not the vampires, or the humans, and even Moebius gets a huge surprise with the revelation of the games true villain.  Although the story takes huge strides to get the series back on an artistic track (where as Blood Omen 2 was a slapped together cash cow) there are serious flaws that another month or two could have easily fixed. Legacy of Kain has always had problems with clipping. BO 2 had slowdown, and there were times when the lip-synching was of as well, but nothing like what I experienced here. Of the games the clipping in Defiance is the worst. There are times when your weapon will go right through enemies without hurting them. Walking through some scenery, while others cannot even be approached, stepping through a wall out of the gaming world an getting stuck there, and worst yet, falling through a floor into the gaming world and getting stuck in an icky green matrixy looking screen. Worst of all there was one glitch that impeded my progress for hours. Whatever happens once you have the heart of darkness DO NOT TURN THE GAME OFF until after you have resurrected Janos Aldron. The heart of darkness vanished from my inventory, and I could not go back for it. Thankfully I save on multiple files incase I miss something, but having to start that chapter over was annoying. Glitches like this need to be fixed before the game ships. I feel like this game was rushed to the shelves when it needed a couple more months.   The voice acting, once again is superb, although Mobeus's voice is strangely more like Richard Doyal's Pias Agustas from the sleeper hit Eternal Darkness (a Silicon Knights title exclusively for Nintendo GameCube) than the Mobeus I'm used to, a stark contrast from the weak old man voice that has been used in the past, and to some degree, a Kain sound a like. I do not like that change, and to know its being done by the same voice actor who has done the character all along makes it worse. Simon Templeman, and Michael Bell return to the role of Kain and Raziel, more confident in their abilities than ever, all of the original voice actors make a return and each one performs on levels that most movie stars only dream of reaching. Its only a shame that the acting in most Hollywood productions can't be this good.   Although I feel the Edios aught to consider a price reduction because of the seriousness of the glitches I do recommend this title for LOK fans. Considering that his may be the final chapter of the series newbies may want to pick up at least Soul Reavor 2 to understand where we're at in the story, although the further back you can go before playing this game the better, otherwise do not miss this title.     