 I am a huge fan of the traditional Dhampir. My mother is Swiss, and so I have access to a lot of the lesser known european stories. One such story is the tale of the Tragic Prince, Alucard (Adrian Farenheights) the illigitimate half human son of Dracula. I know the tale by heart, and Castlevania: Symphony of the Night follows it a bit, but still interpets the story its own way.  Dhampirs are created when a human mates with a vampire, and most vampires cannot mate. It is a powerful magic that allows them to reporduce. In Blades case if his mother was bitten nothing would have happened. Traditional views on vampireism is that it is a curse, not a virus. Had his mother been "embraced" while she was pregnate Blade would have either died, or become a fetal vampire himself ( a disturbing thought, but there are such stories).   Aside from the inacurate portrayal of Dhampirs Blade also tampers with traditional Vampires. Vampires are not affected by silver, hollywood needs to accept that this is the weapon to use against werewolves. Crosses do work, if there is faith enough to back it up, and the extreamly faithful will ward off a vampire by thier presence alone. Garlic works traditionally, but its a mystical ward, not an allergy, and not every vampire would be warded by it. In short, this movie uses vampires as wall paper for what is not a vampire flick, or a Dhampir (daywalker) in this flick, but a bloody hack fest, and thats what this movie does absolutely brilliantly.  I loved the fighting, the action in this movie was quickly paced, gory and made this movie good. If this movie wanted to be considered great by this long time vampire fan then they should have read "Vampire: The Masquerade", played Legacy of Kain, or read any of the Ann Rice books prior to making this movie. Character depth would have been great, and it couldn't hurt for them to use Vampire Hunter D as a reference either. All in all Blade is a great action movie, but as a vampire movie it sucks (pun intended.)     