 When I was reading some of the press material for the Nokia N-Gage I found it interesting that Nokia representatives had been stating that they wanted to build a device that people would not be embarrassed to play in public. I laughed because I'm 23 and am more embarrassed by a cell phone than a hand held console. Not too much later Nintendo released the GBA SP, I don't know if it was because they wanted a sleeker design to pre-counter the inevitable whip lash of Nokia's "Gameboys' for little kids" tactics, but it wasn't a bad idea. Not that anyone was actually embarrassed by their GameBoy, but if they were there's no need to be now as Nintendo has finally designed the perfect handheld. Granted you can't make staticy and barely audible phone calls with it, but who cares? GBA still has the same great games it always has had, capable of playing all the old GameBoy and GameBoy color games in both wide screen and 4X3 mode, like the original GBA, and best of all, the screen is finally lit and can be played regardless of your lighting conditions, and there is an internal rechargeable battery that is fully charged in a matter of a couple hours. The battery will also last more than ten hours. Nintendo has eliminated many of the problems that I had with hand helds, the constant need for replacing batteries, and difficult to see LCD screens. Add to that a sleek new flip top design and a size that fits into your pocket better than ever I think that you have the perfect example of what an affordable and effective handheld should be, a game machine designed for on the go that you won't have to throw into a lake in frustration when your phone conversation cuts out on you. Not saying that the Nokia N-Gage won't sell, or won't have its own benefits, but rather that the GBA SP is a gamer's handheld, designed for gamers, by gamers and its not something I as a 23 year old gamer would ever be embarrassed to have in public, in fact I'm at work right now playing it and writing my review because its a pretty darn cool system. Now to finish off this battle in Tactic Ogre...     