 Every once in a while a game comes out that blows us away with its innovation and every once in a while that innovative title is a huge hit. This was the case of the original Resident Evil. Sadly RE suffered the fate of every other big hit. Sequeled and special editioned to death until those innovations are erased from our minds.   Talk to every Nintendo Gamer and they'll tell you, we loved the graphics of RE and RE0 but the control style was terrible. The games did respectably well (both selling over a million units) but nowhere near what was expected. The RE spin-offs on the Playstation meanwhile have also not fared well, (RE Dead Aim bombed, while RE Outbreak has only sold through some 500,000 copies). The reason for this is simple. The mechanics of the RE series have remained virtually unchanged since the very original 1996 Resident Evil for PS1, and Playstationites were growing tired of the tried and true mechanics. Nintendans in the mean time were used to free roaming analogue control (akin to the Marios and Zeldas, and Eternal Darkness games) and didn't like the mechanics at all.   But PS2 and GCN do have one thing in common. Despite our complaints about the repetitive, stagnate, and stale game play of previous entries we've all had our eyes on RE 4, especially since RE4 will undoubtedly look the best on the GCN. Later this year the game will hit PS2 with extra costumes, and a couple of extra cut scenes, but Ps2 does 1 texture per pass, GCN does 8. The GCN is also capable of many more more polygons per second than the PS2. The weaker graphic capabilities of the PS2 will severely hurt the presentation, where as with the GCN version you have a game that is simply put the best looking console game of this generation. More over, the game promised a new game play experience. Capcom delivered and then some. While it's a bit more action focused than previous RE games it's frantic pace will keep your heart racing and you at the edge of your seat throughout the entire game. This game holds no bars. It is hard, it is frantic, and it's also a good 20-30 hours long. Much longer than previous RE outings. Additionally, to the naysayers, keep in mind that the GCN will have this game exclusively for at least another 10 months, and unless there's an Xbox version no amount of PS2 extras will stop the GCN version from having the best presentation. Don't believe me? Do you have a wide screen HDTV that can zoom in while in Progressive Scan mode? Well, if you do play this game in Progressive scan, zoom in and be prepared to be wowed in a way that no other game this generation will EVER wow you. And be prepared to loose a massive amount of detail if you hold out for the PS2 version.   Thank you Capcom. On a percentage scale you get a 98% (because animals needed fur rendering and didn't get it. It is literally my only complaint). Your innovation shines through in this amazing update to a long stale franchise.   Nintendans go get this game!   PS2 fans buy a GCN and then go get this game!  Update: Reliable sources are reporting that the PS2 version will be severly scaled back. IE Leon's 10,000 polygon model will be cut down to 5,000, and the texture work will be scaled back severely. Characters on screen will also be reduced. Sadly this should come as a suprise for no one. Look at viewtiful Joe. Even with the extras the PS2 version is still visually and auraly inferior to the GameCube original. What are you waiting for? If you don't have a Game Cube go get one! Its worth it for this game alone!     