 I own one of the rare copies of Ogre Battle 64. I never actually played it, because my brother was glued to it so I watched him play it, and since I already knew the story didn't want to play through it. The battle system didn't make sense to me, and how my brother managed to survive it is beyond me. Ogre Battle 64 had a fantastic story that surpassed many other RPG efforts for its day, however, which is why I decided that I would pick up this follow up and play through it. GameBoy is hard to watch while someone else is playing, which meant there was no way to spoil the story.  I must confess a lack of back history with the series. Apparently this is the traditional set up to the games, which reminded me of the great Final Fantasy Tactics, arguably the best Final Fantasy game of all time. I have since learned that FFT was one of those "what if" scenarios that we fan boys often dream about, along the lines of Marvel Vs Capcom, or Capcom Vs SNK, and the "we wish they'd do it, but they never will" Capcom vs. Mortal Kombat. FFT was a "What if Final Fantasy and Tactics Ogre (then called Ogre Battle) merged, and the result was the best Final Fantasy of all time (again, arguably.)   Although Tactics Ogre: The Knights of Lodis follows the Final Fantasy Tactics formula to many respects on complaint that I have is that unlike in FFT, its difficult for me to determine the best time to change class. In FFT you could master individual skills, and then master a class. The game kept track of all of that for you, and so when you brought up the character profile to see that the character had mastered everything (which took a great deal of time, but was well worth it.) Maybe I'm not smart enough for complicated game play mechanics, or maybe the instruction manual and tutorials didn't explain it well enough, but knowing when you've mastered something and can carry it over to a new class, or when you've mastered a class seems really difficult. That's okay though because the over all game doesn't necessarily require you to change class, you can stay on top of things by leveling up as normal.  Graphically the game looks just as good, and in some ways better than FFT did on Playstation. I'm amazed that a handheld could look this good. Its also not a very dark game, which makes it easy to see under most lighting conditions. This game will consume your batteries though. It will be easy to put over 100 hours into the game and never notice where the time went. I did this with FFT, and am likely to do it again here.  While the system is a bit more complicated than FFT was the story is just as deep, and twisted. These are the sort of stories that belong in books, big thick ones. Thankfully there's plenty of great strategy game play to go with its deep and dark story.   While the game can be hard to find its very worth the work to find this and buy it. While the game is certainly not for everyone, as it is a serious time investment, for those who do enjoy strategy RPGs it will defiantly be worth the investment as this game is, in my opinion, the best game for Gameboy Advance.     