 There are a number of fighting games out there that kind of just toss you into heavy action and hope for the best. Most of those, at the end of the day, are thankfully button mashers, and often times have the full gamete of difficulty options for fighter game weakling like myself. Now I do have my fighting games I'm good at. I'm still a master of the old school Mortal Kombat I and 2, and I'm reasonably good at Tekken, but am only good enough with Soul Calibur 2 to survive the Normal Difficulty. With DOA 2 Ultimate I managed to actually bite, scratch and scrape my way through the hard mode, but it was not an easy thing to pull off, and it was something I swore I'd never put myself through again. You see I'm a hard-core role player, but a casual fighting gamer.   I am a real life martial artist, though, so martial arts based fighting games do hold an interest for me. I was eager to get DOA 4 because even though the screen shots for the XBox 360 games revealed titles that looked a lot like their old Xbox counterparts I had already become aware of an amazing but true little factoid. The 360 looks amazing in High Definition. I cannot lie, the same is true of DOA 4, and it looks breathtaking, though the character models are sadly disappointing at this point. I'd be nice if Team Ninja would have aimed for more realism. I also found the game's Barbie doll like "partial nudity" laughable. I can't believe they got an M rating for Barbie doll nudity. The ESRB must be overly strict...   The music, once more is awesome, and did I mention the graphics are amazing? I did? Oh... well they really are, especially the scenery. There's hardly any jaggies at all, and I only noticed one instance of any sort of graphical flaws.  The fighting system is similar to DOA 3 but revamped so that the moves that worked in the previous version don't quite have the same effect here, but here's where we get into my whining. There is no easy mode. It's true that there is a training mode, but it does little to prepare you for the raw aggression you're going to get from the computer run opponents. Simply put, for me, this game is too hard, even on the lowest difficulty setting possible "Normal" which is "medium" in MK terms. Clearing the game for newbies and people who are only casually interested in the DOA franchise is no easy feat, and for those of us wanting to learn by hands on experience rather than an unmoving un-reacting computer character it makes it difficult. I mean you can pause, and pull up a move list, but when you try to execute it the computer run opponent will pummel you into oblivion. Worse yet, the AI seems fully capable of breaking my combos (and I have learned a few sweet moves) but even though I try doing what the game's manual suggests I find myself unable to stop myself from taking a severe beating.   I'd love to give the single player mode a higher score, but as a casual fan of DOA, rather than a hardcore fan, I can't help but feel like this game was built for the hardcore. Had Team Ninja tossed in an easy mode it would be easier to pull like I did with DOA 2 Ultimate and eventually work my way up to where I'm good enough to bite, scratch, kick, and break controllers on my way through Hard or even very hard mode. Instead DOA 4 starts you in a difficult mode, and expects you to go from there.   That's not to say this game is bad. To the contrary, it's still a great game, and the endings are well worth suffering through the battle with the next-to-impossible-to-beat Kasumi clone at the end, but one thing Team Ninja did that I'm really happy about is make the story much more coherent, and the stories overlap each other so that you have a much better idea of the over all tale from beginning to end, and everything in between. As a player for story, I was very happy about that. And despite the game's increased and insane difficulty the great graphics make the game hard to pull your eyes away from, kinda like RE 4 did on GameCube a year ago, sans the life like characters.   Online I cried. The lag I experienced was absolutely horrible. I am not sure why, I read that the game had next to none. I may be experiencing technical problems, but I got beaten because of lag, and that did not make me happy. I'm sure a number of players may make the same "claim" but rest assured, I'm not the best at the DOA games, but I'm not the worst either, so I was really mad when the game froze up in the middle of a combo I was doing and when it unlocked I had been beaten. Then a similar problem occurred in the following round costing me the match. At any rate, the new lobby sure is weird, and to be honest I'm not sure I like it. I think I prefer the more simplistic approach taken by DOA Ultimate.   In the end, DOA 4 is a great game, but great for hardcore gamers. This game will try the patience of casual gamers pretty bad. I definitely recommend this title for in home multiplayer though, if you have a spouse, or sibling or friend or parent, etc. it can be great.  Online seems to have a few bugs, sadly. I'd say hardcore fans of DOA should get this right away; others may want to rent it first and see if they can handle it. I don't regret buying it, but it is trying my patience at the same time.     