 I am probably the biggest anti-teen movie critic out there. From American Pie, to Scary Movie, to the horrid She's all that, I hate teen movies, usually because they try to be cute, and funny when they're really not. It's amazing to think that I was 18 only four years ago, and four years ago I probably would have had a completely different out look on teen movies. It is with the anti-teen movie mindset that I set out to avoid this movie like a plague despite my sisters begging me to see it.   Now that it came to DVD, and my sister wanted me to see it so bad she bought it just so I could see it I felt obligated to watch this movie. To be honest I'm pretty hard to get emotional with a movie, but this film nearly succeeded in making me cry. It was so very good that I've picked up my own copy, the first ever-teen movie to be added to my 200 plus DVD collection, and thus somewhat of a milestone for me.   Although the film does follow some stereotypes of a romance story I noticed the "jerk goes nice guy" but was the only stereotypical element of this story, and even though Landen (West) was a complete jerk at first he was still somewhat likeable. Me? I would have been Chasing Jamie (Subtle movie reference, sorry) from the get go because she was a very loveable character from the beginning. Normal, not a super model like what is normal of romance films, just a cute girl next-door type.   Another aspect of this film that I liked is its refusal to divulge into inappropriate content. Jamie (Moore) starts the movie out as a faithful religious girl and ends the movie the same way, unlike other films I've seen, many of which featuring the exact opposite of this character, the "good girl gone bad" routine is tiresome, but nowhere in this film.  Language is clean, characters down to earth and normal, with everything about this story seeming much more realistic, and much less superficial than many romance movies I have suffered through. I'm not a fan of romance movies as they are often formulaic, and stale, but this was definitely a huge breath of fresh air to the genre, as it is definitely a beautiful movie that can be enjoyed by the entire family. Plus it's made a Mandy fan of me. Now to hunt down the rest of her CDs...     