 I must confess that I am far from finished with this game, I'm about half way into it, but I have played enough to get to know how I feel about it. Over all this highly anticipated title is great, and I'm grateful to see a Square (Now called Square Enix) game back on a Nintendo console. Although Square's support has been Sony exclusive for the last two generations Square is finally moving away from that bringing at least three titles to a Nintendo system in some form or another. Naturally if these games do well its a safe assumption that there will be more, and considering that many of the older Final Fantasy fans are Nintendo fans to begin with this is a guaranteed success.   FFTA is the sequel to the massively popular Final Fantasy Tactics on Playstation. The original took concepts of the Ogre Battle Series and merged them with the world of Final Fantasy to create what has been heralded by many as the greatest Final Fantasy game of all time, even if it is not a part of the main series. Tactics 2 is just as immersive, just as deep, and just as fun, but a lot more light hearted, a lot less dark, and a game that some could argue would be geared toward a younger audience. The story is far from unenjoyable, but it's not as dark, or thought provoking as its predecessor, or the latest entry in the Tactics Ogre series either. However, if you enjoy deep children's classic epics, along the lines of The Never-ending Story, Labyrinth, The Dark Crystal, etc then you will find this game very highly enjoyable, and frankly I am still a huge fan of the aforementioned films from which the game obviously draws its inspiration.  Game play wise, however there is one massively annoying flaw. The game features judges who impose laws on you that restrict your battle options. Many of the laws will completely hinder your progress unless you have the appropriate anti-law card with you and sometimes its hard to get just the right anti-law card for just the right occasion. It gets annoying to forget you're not supposed to use a sword in battle and suddenly the game is over because you strike a monster with one. The game would have still been very deep game play wise without the laws. The laws are an annoyance, but do not stop the game from being enjoyable. I merely hope that future installments of the series will abandon the law system. Square, it's nice to have you back, welcome home! I look forward to your next two games, Sword of Manna for GBA, and Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles for GameCube. Of course for you Playstation owners out there (which includes me too, I have all three systems) there's Final Fantasy X-2 and XI right around the corner. It'll be a good year for Square fans.     