 Okay not really, but this movie comes so close to VTM that White Wolf Publishing, Inc sued the filmmakers. The funny thing is that it's the similarities to VTM that are this otherwise shallow and hokie movie's redeeming features. See this film is entertaining, it's not horrible, but it's not great either. It's certainly better than any other vampire movie I've seen of late, which is sad really... It's just disturbing to me that the only thing I really enjoyed about this movie was watching for subtle not-so-unintentional similarities to Vampire the Masquerade.   The irony is that having been a rabid White Wolf addict-fan for the last thirteen years I have had my level of expectations for vampire movies and literature raised so high that even White Wolf themselves can't always meet the expectations because so much of their past work has been beyond excellent. Its difficult for anything to live up so such expectations without ripping off the World of Darkness completely, and while I don't think that was the intention of this film they did come pretty close to doing that, and I really hate to say it, but if they had just ripped off more elements of Vampire the Masquerade and Werewolf the Apocalypse the movie, including the brilliant narrative of the White Wolf writing staff, and we would have had a masterpiece of a vampire movie, up there with Interview with the Vampire. Instead all we have is a few (like 60 according to White Wolf's lawyers) points of similarities mixed in with Romeo and Juliet, minus the tragic ending, and without any real character development, or decent dialogue, plus characters who don't realize that when you're pumped full of silver nitrate you're supposed to be dead, as in no getting up... I think the lesson that needs to be learned from this movie isn't "don't rip of Vampire The Masquerade" it's "For crying out loud you know you want to, just make Vampire: The Masquerade into a movie!" There's more than enough material to go on there, you could even make a 13 volume movie series based off the clan novels, I mean really they're great! Let's stop making these cheesy wanna-be vampire movies and go for the real thing! Come-on Sony! You know you want to! Only be sure to get Justin Achili to write your screenplay.     