 As a martial artist knowing your heritage is very important. As such I have been collecting every DVD about my Hung Gar predecessors I can get my hands on. Although finding movies about the legendary Wong Fei Hung is cakewalk finding films about the arguable founder of our style is much harder, at least so far. I bought this film because it's about Hung Tsi Kwan, and his son Man Ting. Although I enjoyed the story I do feel that it kind of dropped me into the middle of a story, rather than telling a self contained epic. The movie also missed some key historical points that would have been nice to have touched upon, i.e., the fact the Kwan was a tea merchant, his association and formation of the Red Lotus society (who trained on red boats in the sea to avoid detection by the Manchurian government). The conflict with Pai Mei (White Eyebrows), his being taught by Chi Zin (AKA Gee See Sum Si), and his eventual marriage to Fong Wing Chun (Not to be confused with Yum Wing Chun who started the Wing Chun style Bruce Lee studied before expanding on it to create Jeet Kuein Do).   More tragic is the mockery of the "kung fu sounds" that is done by the English dub. We don't make noises like that. That was something Bruce Lee liked to do to show off, I guess... at any rate, while we do have our breathing techniques, they aren't as cheesy and annoying as what is portrayed by the English voice over.  So while the English voice actors should familiarize themselves with real Kung Fu before doing such a project I must also reiterate that I found this fictional account of the life of Hung Tsi Kwan still amusing. The best part really was the kids.  The kids in this movie were all very good for their age; I was quite impressed with how good their fight scenes were. This movie, however, won't likely entertain the general audiences. It's probably best to recommend this one exclusively to hard core Kung fu fans as the story is somewhat convulsed... Not Jet Li's finest moment, but a decent effort at least.     