 The X-Men have been getting robbed of a truly excellent X-men title over the course of the last few years with the last truly great game to feature Marvel's Merry Mutants was Marvel Vs Capcom 2on the Dreamcast, (Recently ported to PS2 and Xbox.) Even in the Playstation/N64/Dreamcast era the X-men were not used outside of fighter games at all. This is the first non-fighter X-men game for a major console for a very long time, and it looked very good, and was very well advertised as well.   I rarely get so X-cited about a game that I preorder it, but I did preorder this one. Mark Hammel (Luke Skywalker) doing the voice of Wolverine... I had to see this! And he was good! Very good! The voice-overs of this game are fantastic, as is the storyline. However this is the best part of the game, and the rest really needs work, and bad.  While this game is light years better than X-men: Next Dimension it still lacks a great deal of polish that a delay of a month or so could have addressed. My biggest complaint being clipping. Clipping is when people and objects fall through walls, and things like that. To me, it's irritating, and an eye sore. The other major complaint I have is the unresponsive buttons, but that may be the fault of the Xbox controller itself. It seems that I have to hit buttons much harder on games that do not implement pressure sensitivity into the game play mechanics to get the characters to do anything. The animation could have also been better; it's pretty choppy, even though the frame rate seems fairly steady for the most part. The cut scenes are very hard for me to watch because the animation is so bad at times.  On the plus side, the camera is almost 100% controlled by the player, and that makes it easy to position just where I want it. The music is very event oriented and works well, and if you don't like it there's custom tracks.  The game is still very fun though; it's just that I wish that Activision had taken more time to polish this title up. Improving the enemy AI, improving the stealth functionality, and button responsiveness, and eliminating the clipping would have helped this game immensely. It has five stars potential, but in my opinion wasn't quite ready for shipment when it shipped. Hopefully there will be a sequel where they will address the issues that this installment has.   As with most of the cross platform games the Xbox version is the best, with GameCube second best (Frame rate issues), and Playstation 2 (Aliasing or jagged edges on top of the clipping problem) looking the worst, but despite its poor animation the character models for this game are actually pretty good, so the differences between the three versions are minimal.     