 It's hard for me to offer this game a complete review because I've developed this bizarre love/hate relationship with it. I feel drawn to this game and I love it despite the jarring flaws the game has. There's more to love about it then there is to hate, however, as it is the best Castlevania since Symphony of the Night, hands down... its also a very difficult game, and being a master of Castlevania games that's saying a lot.  There are games I'm not very good at. I'm only moderately good Mario games, I've only ever beaten one Sonic game, and I am terrible at First Person Shooters, especially the mouse and keyboard control variety. Castlevania games, however, are one series that no matter how difficult they can be, I usually can clear them pretty quickly because I'm good at them. I'm an expert... in short; I should have beaten this game by now. I have 86% of the map covered, but can't get any further, not because I don't know where to go, but because those paths are blocked and I have no idea how to remove the obstacles that have impeded my progress. This is unusual for a Castlevania game to do to me. In the past such obstacles were easily removed by finding the switch, or using the correct spell, or in even older Castlevanias, whipping the blockade. Such does not appear to be the case in this one.   Enemies in this game are not so easily pushed over, unless they're bosses, oddly enough. I have found myself doing quite a bit of leveling up in order to survive the harsh halls of the latest castle as it may seem like a walk in the park to battle the bosses, but the average enemies have a distinct advantage over Juste at first, and that's something that will have you desperately seeking save points (which refill your health) and using potions... thankfully I found a luck charm which allowed me to collect quite a few of those, but despite that I still got hit hard enough to kill me before I could use them.   This game feels like a mix of classic Castlevania with the newer RPG style. I don't know how or why, maybe it's because old school Castlevania is this hard, and harder, of course that makes me more determined to beat it.  The biggest draw back to this game, ironically, is its uninspired NES style music. The music selections of this game are horrid, but thankfully forgettable. I was really disappointed that Konami didn't at least compose decent midis like they did with Circle of the moon.  Graphically the game is light years ahead of its predecessor, but I'm still convinced that GameBoy Advance can look better, as Juste has quite a lot of jagged edges that could have been smoothed out, and he looks too much like Alucard. It would have been nice to have an original design for the character. Maybe there's a plot point that covers that. Perhaps Simon Belmont married Dracula's daughter? Hopefully there is an explanation; otherwise I'd have to dock the game points for lacking originality... which the game play does not lack.  It's strange how they always come up with something new to keep the new style CV games fresh. I had feared that this style would grow as stale as classic CV games have, but if they continue to conceive innovative new magic systems, and new challenges like this it may last several more years yet. Although I do still believe these games can be and should be done, perhaps on GameCube?     