 Attack of the Clones is without a doubt, in many ways, a better story than The Phantom Menace. However, the writing style for AotC is nowhere near as good as the writing for TPM. Terry Brooks took a movie that was good, but far from perfect and elaborated on the characters, made the story more emotional, focused more on Anakin, and less on Jar Jar, and I fear that the movie AotC may be too much like the book, and if it is, (I have not seen it yet) then this will be a bad thing.  Its not that AotC is a bad story, its just that as I was reading this I saw so much potential for so many different things, and the novel is always the perfect place to take the story in a direction the movie did not go. I have always said that if TPM had followed Terry Brook's interpretation everyone, even the critics and naysayers, would have loved it. There's a lot to like about AotC, but there is also a lot to be desired. I feel that the romance was under used, and there should have been more attention to Anakin and Padme' falling in love with each other. It just seems to happen over night, which just doesn't lend any credibility to the story. There were a few explosive moments from Anakin, and these are the parts that the story shines, when Anakin explodes you feel it for a short time, but then the emotional materials are rushed, and you're in the midst of another action scene. This is my problem with the book. Over all, the story is wonderful, darker, and moodier... but not enough. There was so much room to expand, to grow, to learn about the characters. Especially Anakin. We start to see how his kindness betrays him, but it doesnt go far enough into it, and this is my fear for the movie version. AotC should be a very emotional tale. And there are parts that are, but not enough. Thankfully this is a step in the right direction, over all, but this book has my expectations for Episode 2 set relatively low. As much as I want to love this book I just can't justify the feeling like someone took my hand and is pulling me through the middle path of a much larger epic. The feeling of being rushed through an epic could kill the movie. Words of advise for Mr. Lucas; nobody really noticed that Fellowship of the Ring was 3 hours or so. It was well paced. If you rush through this epic could-be masterpiece you will kill Star Wars for us all. If the movie needs to be 3 hours then make it so.     