 Fear and dread crept over me as I first began to follow the making of this movie. I cringed as Ana Paquin was announced as Rogue, I cried when they didn't cast Derek DeLint as Magneto (who looks a lot like Jim Lee's interpretation of the character) and when I found out that Beast would not be making an appearance in this film I lost all hope for this movie being any good. I figured that X-Men would enter the tradition of [bad] super hero flicks along side the Batman movies... Thankfully Bryan Singer and David Hayter (AKA Solid Snake of Metal Gear fame) are geniuses and handled the X-Men, the limited budget, the costumes and everything with a surprising accuracy that made me see this movie almost as much as I saw Episode 1 when that came out. Only with this film it wasn't the title of the movie (though I am a huge X-fan) but the movie itself. X-Men was surprisingly well written, and now I've sworn to marry Ana Paquin... For what they set out to do, although her accent could have been more consistent, she worked perfectly as Rogue, and Ian McKellin is fantastic as Magneto, no... Perfect. These actors (except Hally Berry as Storm) became the characters for me. They worked out so much better than I had though, especially new comer Hugh Jackman's incredibly accurate portrayal of Wolverine. Jackman IS Wolverine as far as anybody needs to know. The story is much better than most comic to movie translations, and the best part is that the movie stays in the grays the way that the comics do, not having any villains that are just pure evil (except Sabretooth, who is sadly under used in this film.) The fact of the matter is that X-Men is definitely a super hero flick done right, it stays true to the spirit of the comics with only Storm being a disappointment. Some of the dialogue is a bit cheesy, but it's mostly tongue in cheek, and over all the movie is a lot of fun for people of all ages, weither or not they're X-fans, I firmly believe that most people looking for a good action drama will love X-Men. (Here's hoping that Beast will be in X2.)     