 I picked this one up at its launch day to send Namco a clear message, I want these type of games on GameCube. I just started playing it a few months ago, though. I was relieved to hear that the game was a moderate success, but much to my dismay the next Tales game will be a PS2 title, but there is a GBA and a DS Tales on the way as well, which will be nice.  The story revolves around a young human named Lloyd Irving who was raised by a dwarf in a village where his best friend and his teacher are both elves (Though we later discover they are half elves). The town he is growing up in is in the world of Sylverant, a world in decline, and highly oppressed by a race of half elves called Desians. Every so often the Chosen of Mana arises to regenerate the world and restore it's Mana supply. The previous chosen was killed, and now, Lloyd's close friend Colette has been called to serve as the Chosen. Lloyd and his (half)elf friend Genis join her in her quest part to protect her, and part because a spat with the local Desians cause the village mayor to banish the two.  At first the story may seem a little clichd, and at points when the Church of Martel (which eerily resembles Catholicism) is revealed to be the bad guy then one can raise concerns that there may have a bit of an anti-religious tone, but there is, thankfully, a plot twist at the end which nullifies anything which may come of as such, and the game never addresses religion itself as being bad or harmful as some individuals out there have been of late. In general the game remains passive in it's political and religious themes.  The tale gets better the more you get into it, the more you learn of alternate worlds, cool summons, intricate characters with a detailed back story that is learned in the main story line without the need for excessive side quests, and a story that bests the best efforts of rival Square-Enix for the moment.  The game play is where Tales really shines, as the game incorporates a linar motion active battle system which lets you combat the monsters in real time, a revolutionary step (I haven't played a Tales game before) eliminating the frustration that turn based RPGs have begun to give me lately. The game also eliminates the nightmarish and sluggish random battles. Nearly every non-boss battle in the game is avoidable as the fights are represented by moving icons on the screen which can be maneuvered around. This makes progressing through the game much less headache educing than other RPGs which can't seem to let go of the archaic random battle, or worse turn based combat. The combat engine here is what I've been waiting for, for what seems like a lifetime.  The graphics do disappoint a bit. The characters are sadly inconsistent with their anime cut scenes and there is a bit of a blur effect that is supposed to create the illusion of depth, but just makes the characters look smudged. It would have been nice if the characters were drawn to be more like their anime counterparts, less "super deformed" but considering that there's only like 4 anime cut scenes in the entire game, and 2 depicting mass destruction and not featuring the characters it's no where near as annoying as the inconsistencies in the artwork of FFVI.  Music is kind of bland from what I'm used to, and the sound effects are sorely lacking, worse yet as inconsistent as the art may have been the flow of the game is interrupted by a minimalist approach to the amount of voice over work featured in the game. Only the most critical of cut scenes feature voice-overs, sad when you consider that many competing RPGs are fully voiced. Namco really needed to take the FF X approach where all the leads were fully voiced, and only irrelevant towns folk would be text only. That would have been better. The good news is that the voice overs that do appear are pretty good, and don't disappoint. I just wanted more. Over all Tales of Symphonia is hands down one of the best RPGs I've played of the current generation, if not one of the best games (sans disappointing graphics and sound). It's truly an epic game that takes about 50 hours to complete and should be a welcome addition to every GameCube owner's library.      