 Well not really, the Lion King will likely always be my favorite, but this one has tied with Mulan, and The Emperor's New Groove for my number 2 spot in Disney Films.   While I'm not normally fond of Disney for their butchery of classic stories (The little Mermaid was turned to stone, and the Hunchback was killed... leave it to Disney to give it a happy ending) as well as Disney's near Microsoft level of world domination every so often they put out a film that I can't ignore. Lately I've been proud of Disney for their putting out films that are a lot more mature, especially with their humor, and the fact that they are no longer afraid of the PG rating. Lilo and Stitch, like the Emperor's New Groove is a slapstick comedy with a lot of mature themes, but one positive theme throughout the film... Family.  When most of Hollywood is content to underplay the importance of family, and in fact, in many cases diminish it, and degrade it, this film makes it a point to express, to a nearly tear jerking level how important family really is, especially in today's society. I personally felt that the relationship between Lilo and her older sister was very realistic, far from abusive, but misunderstood by the social worker who had been sent to observe the family, or what's left of it after their parents are killed.   Nani, (Lilo's sister) is bogged down trying to pick up where her parents left off, paying bills, working full time, and taking care of Lilo, a task that has her utterly exhausted. Hoping to help Lilo get a friend she takes her to a local animal shelter where Lilo picks out what she thinks is an innocent puppy, not knowing that this puppy is actually a genetically engineered alien whose soul purpose is to destroy everything in sight, clog drain pipes, back up sewers, and steal everyone's left shoe. Lilo is also unaware of the aliens that have been sent to capture her new pet.   This film is absolutely hilarious, yet powerful. I really enjoyed it, and its message. I recommend this film for both children and adults, as the movie is by and large inoffensive, with enough movie parody and references for the older folks to enjoy as well... (Like Stitch's little romp through San Francisco...)     