 The chorus goes "Have you met writer/director Paul WS Anderson? He's the biggest hack in the whole wide world, if there ever was a hack, he'd be the biggest hack, he's a big fat big fat stupid hack! Hack hack hack hack hack hack he's a stupid hack!" Well you get the idea.   REA was supposed to be the film that addressed the problems of the ill fated poorly received original RE movie, and while this film is significantly better it still falls flat on its face, and completely lacks the artistic integrity of the game on which it is based.   Jill Valentine, and Nemesis, and a couple others FINALLY appear in an RE movie. That's where the good news ends, however, as the film once again forces this useless Alice character into a spotlight that belonged to Jill, Chris, Leon, and Claire. The movie forces itself into the already complex plot of RE Nemesis (PS1, GCN, DC, PC). Sadly it negates the fantastic frantic storyline of the source material and instead focuses on two moody women who would never get dates in real life because their attitudes make them completely unattractive. Jill and Alice were both written as though they were the same character, and both were played out like they would get into a serious cat fight at the drop of a hat. I didn't buy that Jill would rescue Alice at the end because I never got the impression that they were getting along. But its hard to get along with yourself, really... these two were identical in attitude, tone (which was just awful) and even their posture! Not only that, but Jill in the movie was NOT the Jill from the game. They may have put her in the same costume, gave her the same name, but the way Jill came across in the movie is completely different from her superior video game counter part.  What it boils down to is this, game fans want to see the story of their favorite games brought to the big screen true to form. We never asked for Alice, we don't want Alice, drop kick Alice! Let's make the next one based on the magnificent RE4, let's get good actors in there, and let's get a writer that can actually write instead of just hack his way through a script. PWS Anderson is the biggest hack in Hollywood and people need to stop giving that guy projects. He ruins everything he touches. This one's not even worth playing MST3K to.      