 As a man of Celtic decent I have always had a passionate love for anything Scottish. Although my family Kilt is about the ugliest thing around I do keep as much to do with my heritage as possible around. And this movie is a part of that heritage, sort of. Well, not the movie itself, but the subject matter. Some of the battles took place in Sterling, and Sterling has a lot of history for my family, a dark and sinsiter history to be sure, and one that would make a great movie in and of itself. So because this movie was filmed on location my dad broke the traditional LDS ban on R-Rated movies when I was a kid (a ban that I do not place on myself now that I'm living on my own) to let us see this movie. According to our genology we had relatives that were actively involved with the epic battle this movie is based upon.   The movie is perhaps one of the finest movies ever created, deep, passonate, and intense.. albiet fictionalized. (I doubt that William Wallace actually got the princess pregnate, and while I'm no expert I don't think they even actually met. The story revolves around the Brittish opression of the Scottish people, and one mans very personal battle to rid Scottland of Brittish influence forever. The acting in this film as superb, and the cinematography is sweeping. The battles are realistically bloody and give one a realistic glips into the horrors of midevel warfare, and the reason that fedual systems of government are a bad idea. But the real reason to buy this movie is how deeply passionate the movie really is. The filmmakers really cared about this story, and put thier hearts and souls into it and it shows. If more movies had this kind of love put into the projects, if cinematographers would love the projects as much as these guys did, the cinematography, acting, score, and attention to detail, then Holywood would not be swimming in the sea of franchise cash cows and mediocrity that it is swimming in now. This movie defines epic and Rated R or not, should be seen by people of all ages. This is a part of history, and a story that everyone should know.     