 I'm pretty excited about the movies that have come out this year. It's been a great year, and Pirates of the Caribbean was the icing on the cake for me for a year filled with all kinds of goodies. Perhaps my pre-conceived notion that a movie based upon a ride at Disneyland couldn't possibly be good, but it was! Not only that, but it was great! While I wasn't impressed with the movie as a special effects film the acting and dialogue of this film were simply enchanting. Johnny Depp was simply amazing showing off his brilliance as an actor capable of many different kind of rolls, its little wonder he has so many fans across both genders, and I'm not ashamed to admit that I can be counted among them! Orlando Bloom did amazing as well; proving there is life for him after Lord of the Rings, and Kierra Knightly.... was she really only 17 when the film was made? She acts with a maturity well beyond her years, possessing both elegant beauty, and extreme talent. Such amazing talent, and such effort was put into this film that it was more than apparent that the movie was a labor of love for the crew. The only problem with the film that I have is a political side note, in that I am an advocate of anti-piracy efforts, the "moral of the story" at the end of the film was kinda poorly worded. I know the idea was to have the law decide to overlook the "crime" because the end result was good, however the film writers seemed to inadvertently endorse piracy which is a huge problem costing several entertainment and software industries billions (software companies loose a total of just under 12 billion every year alone). It makes me wonder how many pirated copies of this film are out there, or if the writers would have written the final scenes if they understood how dire the situation has really gotten. I'm okay with making pirates the heroes, this movie was simply put wonderful, I enjoyed it immensely, but the ending seemed a bit like a pro-piracy lecture to an extent. Politics aside, I am eagerly awaiting the sequel, and keeping my fingers crossed for the return of Johnny Depp in his amazing role in this film.     