 Initially I was disappointed with this port when I bought it. The graphics seemed worse than its PS2 counterpart, in part, because the XBox's power made the flaws more glaring and obvious. That is, until I discovered the noise filter by complete accident. Somehow the knowledge of this feature had slipped me. Once I turned the noise filter off the graphics became leaps and bounds better than the PS 2 version. Everything about this game is better on the XBox. I'm surprised Konami even bothered with the noise filter when the game looks so much better without it. I'm now glad I got this version over the PS 2 version of the game and am eagerly awaiting Silent Hill 3, which promises to tie the other two games together to give us the answers the fans have been waiting for... what on earth is going on at Silent Hill?  The story for SH2 remains largely untouched, aside from the additional side scenario "Born from a wish", which, in my opinion, doesn't ad anything of value to the over all story, although it does establish that Maria and Mary really were two different people... which raises the question, of who was the final boss?   There was a huge surprise toward the end of the main game that I didn't expect (I never finished the PS 2 version) and it was greatly appreciated, as there are far too few plot twists like it. I won't blow it for those who haven't made it all the way through the game.   I must confess that there were a couple of times that I got scared, or just creped out. For instance, in the prison with the loud foot steps above James, and a deep booming voice calling out for someone named Ishmael, or Richile, or something like that. I was very paranoid in that room because I was certain I would be attacked by something huge that would take a lot of bullets to kill... something bigger than the Pyramid Head, who was perhaps the most disturbing creature of the game.   Wile the story remains deep, and well thought out it is not as deep as the original. This game gave me no clue to what is happening at Silent Hill. Was this game happening at the same time Harry Mason was trying to find his daughter, or after? If it is after, since the demon Samiael is dead, why is Silent Hill still suffering the effects of his summoning? While it answers none of the questions about the town itself that I have (at least in the main plot and documents that I found) the story has a very strong cast, and a plot that develops each character appropriately. You feel for James (until the end) and you feel for Angela, etc. The voice acting in this game is also stellar, and very real. The biggest surprise was how Laura sounded so much like a real eight-year-old girl. Usually the voice acting for child characters is terrible, but not here. The game also features some of the best FMV sequences ever, and the game flows from real time to FMV very smoothly, although the colors were a bit pale, and the real time graphics suffered some anti-aliasing and edge enhancement issues, but otherwise looks brilliant. I was especially impressed by this games light sourcing. Once that noise filter came off this game looked almost as good as GameCube's Resident Evil. For those that don't have the PS 2 version, and those who have missed this game be sure to pick it up. Just be warned it is nowhere near as terrifying as the original.     