 One can already tell that I've become somewhat obsessed with the Two Towers. I assumed that since the movie was great, and the book was great, and the soundtrack was great that the game would be as well... The good news is that the game is very fun, the bad news is that its very short, and a mockery of great graphics. Anyone boasting about how good this game looks, I'm sorry, must be blind. Although there are many digitized scenes from the movie included in this game there are some pretty terrible CGI FMV sequences that wouldn't have even looked good on the original Playstation, maybe for the Sega CD... The in game graphics are low polygon, and poorly textured... darn Resident Evil, you raised the bar so high!   Playstation fans have been boasting for months about how great this game is. Now I'm reminded why I don't use my PS2 very often.  The GameCube version supposedly features a hidden level and character not found in the XBox and PS2 versions. Please note that I do not know if this is true or not, but the back of the GCN version does state "Exclusive hidden level and character to unlock." I can confirm that it has the fastest load times of the three, but if its graphics you want don't worry, all three versions look pretty bad.   The thing is that Lord of the Rings could make an excellent video game or series. The problem is that nobody has done it right. The game should be an RPG, either turn based, or action based. The game should include every intricate detail from the books and the movies, and should go where no game has dared to go.   I think the problem is that EA was afraid of surpassing the movie in the presentation front, something they should not have been afraid to do. EA usually does a great job with their movie licenses, but unfortunately, this time the game comes out as average. Unlike the books and the movie this game has little to no artistic value, and presents itself as an attempt to cash in on what has sadly become a huge cash cow. The game is fun, but not what it should have been, so I give it three stars... and I will continue to dream of a day when I can play Lord of the Rings developed by Squaresoft, for either XBox or GameCube because no matter how many people deny it, PS 2 is just technically inferior to both by a long shot.     