 What did you expect? The first Halo was a lot of hype. I was truly amazed that the game got as popular as it did with it's clichd story, and it's sluggish controls, and uninspiring graphics. Nevertheless the game has become one of the most popular titles out there. A sequel was inevitable, and people lined up around the block, and camped out for this sequel only to walk away from the story uninspired, and sorely disappointed.    I wasn't expecting much from the story. I only ever bought the two Halos so that the cry baby gamers I play games with can't say "You wouldn't beat me if this were Halo". Well, now it is Halo, and I'm still beating you so neyah!    The multi-player mode is where this game shines. There is really a lot going on, and a huge variety of game play options, and admittedly some pretty neat weapons, but it seems that Bunjie has all but abandoned the single player experience, as it never really lived up to its potential. I still don't care about Master Chief, I think the name is both ridiculous and silly, I don't know much about this "dark and foreboding" anti-hero, and I feel no emotional attachment for him. Now why is that? Well I guess you're not supposed to feel for the guy who plays the lead in a sci-fi shooter... the game is all about blowing stuff up, after all, isn't it?   That is probably enough for most gamers, especially between the age of 14 and 18. But at 26, my tastes are evolving. I am beginning to feel that if you've played any first person shooter you've played them all. They're are all either a knock off of Goldeneye 007 (IMO still the best FPS ever made) or Halo, so playing this title late, AFTER playing through the mega disappointing Perfect Dark Zero I just wasn't able to develop any love for the Halo series outside its superb multiplayer mode, or the silly parody Red V Blue. I am simply having trouble identifying or feeling the emotions of the story. The potential for something more refined and sophisticated is there, I just hope that Bunjie can capitalize on that in the 3rd installment rather than making another Jerry Brokheimer the video game.  At any rate Halo 2 falls into yet another ho-hum sci-fi tale that will probably excite the average gamer, but being that I prefer more sophisticated stories it didn't do much for me.      