 Two things I hate with the Castlevania series, its refusal to allow a multi-directional whip (like they did in part 4) and when you have a lead character that does not have the last name of Belmont or Tepes (Alucard). Usually when you have a whip tottin' character without the Belmont name the game is bound to not live up to CV expectations, but then again the Castlevania series needs to be revitalized, and desperately. The gameplay has gotten stale over the years, and thier venture into 3D didn't work so well, not because it can't be done, just because it could have been a lot better. Symphony of the Night for Playstation was that revolution, and I got it late because I had my N64 well before I bought a PS1 and so I didn't find out about SOTN until much later. The formula combines the traditional CV atmosphere with gameplay elements of Super Metroid, and it worked beautifully. The same can almost be said of Circle of the moon, but COTM is not without its flaws. I had hoped that the tunes would be better, don't get me wrong they're great, but I was expecting more and was dissapointed when I booted the game up only to hear midi music. I got spoiled by the orchistrated soundtrack of SOTN, and I realize there are probably some technical limitations here to consider. I had also hoped that there would be voice acting. I know that GBA isn't exactly loud, but come on!  The real problem is that the Super Metroid style Castlevania could get old fast. Its not that this isn't a good game, its great, but I'm worried that this will become a stagnate formula to these games. Konami needs to bring Castlevania back into the 3D realm, but do it right this time, it can be done. This game isn't the game revolution that its predassessor was, but it is still a lot of fun. Now that the price has been slashed if you haven't picked this one up yet do it. Lets just hope that Konami realizes that revolution is necissary to keep the games selling. This gameplay style could get stagnate. It isn't yet, but I think they could only get away with this gameplay style one more time before they need to completely revamp the style.     