 Its impossible to review this without blowing the end, so if you have not seen it, and do not want a major spoiler then it would be best to pass up this review.  I was on a group date when I went to see this movie, and was relatively excited for the film because it had looked quite good, and an acquaintance of mine had recommended it. Sadly, this plot was entirely predictable, and the movie in and of itself came off as being somewhat unlikable. Nicole Kidman and her child costars seemed quite whinny to me, and I didn't particularly care for them. I liked the servants though. There was quite a bit of cleaver cinematography, but those of us who learned the artistic clues from the Sixth Sense were able to pick up on what was going on very early into the movie. Some one was a ghost... and it wasn't the "others" living in the house. At first I knew that the servants were ghosts. That much was obvious, then, halfway into the film I figured out that Nicole Kidman's character and her kids were also dead. In a very Sixth Sense manner this twist ending that I predicted halfway into the movie came about. It is the sort of ending that only works on seasoned horror fans once. I would have liked the movie better had the "others" been the ghosts, and this had been a more traditional ghost film. The problem with twist endings is keeping them fresh and unique. An ending can make or break a film, and in this case its "I want to be the sixth sense" "I saw that one coming" ending ruined it for me. But I am pretty hard to please when it comes to horror films.  To its credits it did have a couple of good scares, but this was not enough to save it from its over all mediocre "me too" plot. The Others is a cheap attempt to mimic the dark magic and genius of M. Night Shayman's masterpiece "the Sixth Sense." Nothing more. What is really sad is that this movie could have been a brilliant spook show if it had lead you to believe that the mother and kids were dead, only to reveal that they were indeed alive and slipping into the precious of madness, like in Eternal darkness. Since no one in Hollywood has thought of it, and I just did, I hereby copyright that idea. Perhaps I can make a better movie with a few tin cans and a roll of toilet paper.     