 How do you rate a video game that does so much right but also gets so much wrong, yet is still surprisingly a great deal of fun? Well its pretty difficult. I have had to think long and hard about how to go about doing this review, because while there's a lot about this game that I like, there's also a lot that could have been better. First of all, I would like to comment on the games rating. I saw nothing in this game that would make it worthy of an M-rating. While there is some suggestive content, the "nudity" in the game doesn't show anything worth getting in a huff about, as its all shaded to the point where you can't see anything, although some of the outfits are suggestive I do think that the game is not in appropriate enough to warrant its M-Rating. With that in mind one could think that they could have and should have done more with the game since it ended up rated M anyway. They could have gone the full mile, but stopped half way, so to speak. This game should have been rated T.   The game has a lot going for it, but unfortunately falls short on many levels. While the shopping elements of the game are surprisingly addictive, and my desire to see what each girl looks like in every bikini I can get her into keeps me playing I am very disappointed with the main element of the game, fast and furious volleyball. While it is possible to adjust the button sensitivity I have a problem with the analogue buttons. Initially I found myself having to hit the button so hard my thumb was getting sore, when I adjusted it I found that I still have the same problem, only now its actually harder to hit the ball softly, which in turn causes me to loose the games... just less often, since the computer opponents tend to crowd the next and take turns spiking the ball... it makes it easier for me to counter spike clear past them. But if they are far away from the net now its harder to just lightly tap the ball so it drops over the net just barely out of reach. Had I been developing the Xbox controller I don't think I would have gone with analogue buttons to begin with, because there are people like me who are soft tapers, who just don't have much grip power, and that puts us at a disadvantage in games like this where pressure sensitivity is so critical. With that said I would have liked to have seen the button set up done differently... perhaps, B-pass the ball, A-hit the ball hard, and X- hit the ball softly sort of thing, but that's not something everyone will agree with. Most critics liked the button set up for the game, and there is a pool hopping game designed to help you get used to the analogue sensitivity... which I'm surprisingly good at, but only because I can see a head of time how hard I have to hit the button.  Then there's shopping, for your girl, and buying gifts for the other girls as well. Part of the enjoyment in this is the ability to dress your girl(s) up in a variety of bikinis and accessories, and then view them posing briefly... this mode could have been better. Camera controls in this mode are very limited, and even work against you in many cases. It would have also been nice to have the games story mode fleshed out a little more. While we do get to know a little about the girls, like Kasumi is very shy, and very few people like her, and Ayanai (the purple haired one) is a moody brat... and nobody likes her, we don't get to know anything deep and personal... like why nobody seems to like Kasumi, especially when she's so shy its cute. Then again the lack of a substantive back-story has been a deep flaw of the Dead or Alive series for a long time. Motives, and history for the girls seem vague, at best. If I could change one thing about this series it would be adding more story, because the potential to have a long lasting comic book caliber saga is there, but Tecmo's Team Ninja has yet to do anything to develop these characters beyond some basic likes and dislikes. Although this is the first game to give us a little glimpse into the girl's personalities... just not a very deep one. Anything we learn about the girls is very basic. I'd like more. In fact that's my sentiments about this game, I just want more of it. Its fun, but the flaws should be worked out should they do this again, and since the game got an M-Rating anyway they may as well not hold back next time, although I did buy this game because they did show an amazing amount of restraint for an M-Rated title... there isn't even any swearing!   The game also includes the ability to choose from a selection of soundtracks on the game, or you can also pick songs from your hard drive, which comes in handy... except that no matter what you do you'll soon find your selections looping way too soon, and it has the potential to play your favorite songs to death... I'm already sick of Mandy Moore's "Only Hope" thanks to this feature... needles to say I have greatly expanded my song library on the Xbox hard drive hoping that it will slow the looping cycle down. I've also found that some songs work better than others for this game. Movie scores don't work. However I recommend Darren Hayes "Insatiable", Jennifer Love Hewitts "Bare naked", and Paula Abdul's "Crazy cool" and "Sexy Thoughts". Surprisingly these songs work very well with the over all game, but are not a natural part of the sound track and will need to be brought in via the Xbox hard drive.  Over all this game is pretty cool, but it could have been much better. I am hoping for a sequel, however. With a little polish this could be one heck of a sports title.     