 There's a reason that the 1970s Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory has endured for so long as a beloved classic despite being a box office bomb. The fact of the matter is that the film had a script written by the author of the book, and it had a story that had heart, performances that were memorable, fun songs, deep, well-developed characters, and best of all a fantastic performance by Gene Wilder.  Sure there are parts where it strayed from the book, but in all it stayed as true as possible with the technology available at the time.    This remake by the usually great Tim Burton, and the usually amazing Johnny Depp did not capture the magic of the original. Rather than spending time developing the characters the film seems like it's the classic tale in fast forward. They rush through the finding of the Golden Tickets; there's lack of consumer frenzy that was well portrayed in the original, and it is simply glanced over here. I thought that it was possible that Tim Burton was just eager to show the world the wonders of the chocolate factory, however, where the original took its time getting people acquainted with Willy Wonka, and the factory, and everyone else, the fast forward momentum of the remake doesn't slow once inside the factory, in fact it gets worse. There's still so much of the story that Burton missed out on in his rush to create a hurried popcorn flick with little to no heart. I left the theater wanting to like this movie, but Depp wasn't Wily Wonka, he was a great character, but he wasn't Wonka. Wilder is still Wonka, true to the book, and true to form. Depp's performance came off more like an interpretation of Michael Jackson meets Captain Kangaroo meets Mr. Rogers. Anyone but Wily Wonka.   I also did not appreciate Burton's boasting about how much more like the book this movie would be when only a few things stood out, (though it has been a long time since I read the book) Veruca's disposal at the hands of squirrels rather than Golden Geese, and Charlie's not getting himself into trouble as well. There were other little things too, but all in all, you get the sense that the original wasn't too far off base after all. After all the original was only guilty of the sin of omission, mostly, and what content they added in its place helped make a deeper, more enjoyable story. This one omits things, and adds a very unintuitive back-story for Wonka that is neither necessary, nor does it help the classic tale in any way.  Too much time was spent on flash, and not enough on substance. It feels like the film itself has a short attention span, and I walked out of the theater wanting so badly to like this one... I just can't justify it. This was another unnecessary remake, which has done nothing to help the story in any way, or do much else besides create a mildly entertaining visual treat for the audience. It would have been nice to have more depth, and with Burton's track record, it's highly disappointing that it didn't.   In truth you cannot out do the original author's vision for a movie. As a writer myself I can attest that the book version of my stories would be very different from the movie. What works in books don't always work in movies, and I think that Burton's challenge to the original film here doesn't need to be met. This remake is too weak to stand the test of time. Nothing about it is anywhere near as memorable or as enduring as the original Wily Wonka and the Chocolate Factory, nor is it as magical, and heart filled as the book.     