 I was the first geek to arrive on the scene for the Epidsode I camp out the night before tickets went on sale at the Cinema 6 in Tooele, UT. I had read the book, and the Graphic Novel in advance, so I knew exactly what I was getting into when the film began. My expectations for this film were set at a pretty good level. I knew the story already, and was expecting a movie version of that story as I knew it.  The problem with Episode I is not necissarily the film itself. Although far from perfect Episode I is still creative, and innovative in its own right, and still revolutionary being the first movie to offer thousands of photorealistic computer generated characters in any given scene. The overal story is still very good, but I will confess the movie is not without its flaws.  Jar Jar Binks became annoying after a while, but did not detract from the over all movie. I do not see Jar Jar in any light different than I see C-3PO, who is equally annoying. However, the dry acting of this film really weakens what could have otherwise been the best of the Star Wars movies to date. Despite the dry acting, the story (I cannot stress this enough) is still very strong. The movie even features the best lightsaber fight scenes to date. Over all this movie is not only worth the price of admission, but is also a worthy addition to the Star Wars series. A friend of mine once stated that to judge the Star Wars movies individually is foolish. This is just a small part of a much larger story, and while I anticipate that Attack of the Clones will be both darker and more mature than the Phantom Menace. In all reality The Phantom Menace is equally as good as A New Hope (Episode IV) which also has problems with acting and annoying characters (ironically Luke, at that point.)  The DVD is the first of the series to land on the format and is quite possibly the most jam packed DVD of all time. I've had this disk since it came out and I am still finding nifty easter eggs several months later. And I don't think that there has ever been a DVD that has taken your hand through every step of the film making process the way that this one did. It was a great education in the making of the Star Wars movie, and sure made the process look lik a lot of fun, with a few hazards tossed in for good measure. The various making of featuretts are like an epic movie in and of themselves and are in many ways better than the movie itself. Collectors should buy this DVD, if not for the movie, than for the incredable DVD extras.     