 I'm terrible with sport or sport related games. Yet despite that I have a love for the Mario Kart series simply because it's always been just pure fun! This game is no different, and improves on the formula by including the long awaited online play, and best of all, there's no charge for it! (Pay attention Sony, Square and M$, free online!)   The game play really hasn't changed all that much from the GBA edition, the player selects one of a handful of classic Mario characters and then chooses between two carts, then participates in a series of themed race tracks. The game has two modes, nitro, and retro. Retro collects a handful of fan favorites from previous games. Disappointingly a couple of them seem pretty similar to the new tracks, but there's still enough different to get excited about.   I haven't really learned the tricks to this game yet, the ones you have to master if you want any hope of competing on even ground in 100cc and 150cc, like how Double Dash had the skid maneuver which allowed you to build blue flames that would boost your speed... 100cc and 150cc is where things get really hard, and mastery of this clever racer does take some doing. I haven't toyed with the online stuff yet, but it's there and it's free, and you can't beat that.   The game does not appear to make much use of the touch screen that I have found yet but I think that's a good thing, as the second screen is somewhat of a distraction in this case. The game therefore plays almost identically to the SNES original.  Graphically the game surpasses anything that I've seen on the DS so far, and is on par with the N64 edition. It's nice to the pixilazation the DS is notorious for brought to a minimum, it's barely noticeable. Best of all there are no framerate issues, and minimal clipping. Nintendo did a great job here.   The music is kind of age old traditional midi, and not as good as the GCN edition, but its still one of the better sounding DS games.   In all no DS owner should pass on this! Though not much has changed game play wise, and some of the tracks may be just rehash, its still one of the better installments of this series!     