 I was reluctant to buy this game, even as a fanatical fan of the Final Fantasy series. Eventually I bought it, and have recently signed on. While I find the story elements a plenty, this game is more about interacting with other players all over the world in what is perhaps the largest RPG I have ever played. I'm about level ten, but have been taken under the wing of a good friend of mine who happens to be on the same server I am. He's lead me around massive deserts, huge mountain paths, seemingly endless valleys, and I have only seen a small portion of the country of Bastok. We haven't even set foot in the other countries. It's absolutely amazing to me how much of this game there is. I can explore for hours on end and still be only scratching the surface of the country.   I am truly entranced by the weather system, and the sheer variety of people and monsters you encounter.  I do have a few disappointments however. Perhaps this can be attributed to the massive undertaking that this game is, running on the PS 2, but I have been able to see both the PC version of the game and the PS2 version running side by side (LAN party) and I must say that the PC version is drastically better looking. Putting it bluntly the PS2 version is simply ugly. Final Fantasy X and X-2 are much better looking games. The draw-in (or pop up) distance is much greater in the PC version, and barely noticeable. I remember one instance where my friend and I were running side by side toward a structure that he could see clearly on his laptop, but hadn't yet begun to be drawn in on my PS2 version. The lack of detail, and polish for the PS2 graphic creates a mind boggling eye sore. For a 128-bit system, this is awfully disappointing.   Money is also very scarce, which makes buying new weapons and armor very cumbersome, and the user interface has quite a huge learning curve. It's not the simplest game to play. The lack of options in character creation is also a disappointment. More options by way of hair color, clothing, etc would have been nice, but over all I'm pretty satisfied with my character. These things aside FF XI is an amazing game, but won't be for everyone. If you're not excited by the idea of endless exploration, and if you want something more story focused, FF XI is not for you. Also, considering the PS2 version costs twice as much as the PC version, and that is nowhere near as polished I recommend the PC version over the PS 2 version. Sad fact is that FFXI is really the only game to really use the Hard Drive anyway. Sony really hasn't made the HDD worth the extra $50 yet. We'll see how that plays out though.      