 I must confess that I was among the many nay Sayers who doubted that Metroid could work as a first person "shooter." The problem with my assumption is that I assumed that the game would be a first person shooter to begin with, its not; its an adventure.  I don't know how Retro Studios did it, but now that I have this game in hand I can't stomach the idea of a 3D Metroid in any other perspective, granted that with a 3rd person view you could do some of Samus' cooler tricks like the screw attack, but in all honesty I don't miss it. I'm too consumed by this overwhelming game. From the moment I landed on Talon IV and saw the world around me I knew that this game would be huge, and it has owned my soul ever since. I still can't help but feel overwhelmed by this simply amazing game. Metroid Prime is the definitive Metroid game, and being a die-hard fan of Super Metroid that is saying quite a lot. I'm surprised to see how well this game works, from the bomb jumps to the hidden secrets, to the exploration, and feeling of claustrophobia. Everything that has made Metroid so cool in the past is present and accounted for in 3D.   Graphically the game is breath taking. I cannot think of a better-looking game out there, this exceeds even Resident Evil, and it runs at a smooth and constant 60 frames per second. I always thought that the one advantage the XBox had over GameCube was reflective and metallic surfaces, this is no longer the case, as Metroid Prime exceeds even the greatest XBox efforts in every aspect.  The sound effects are amazing, and the story (obtained through liberal application of the scan visor) is surprisingly deep and, yet again overwhelming. The music is MIDI, but unlike Star Fox its something I appreciate, as many of the tunes have a nostalgic relevance as the game uses the same MIDI, or slightly remixed Midis from previous games, as well as some new tunes that get stuck in your head just as easily. Very atmospheric, very cool.  All in all I can't give this game any less than a perfect score. It's been eight years since we've had a new Metroid game, and it's been eight years well worth the wait. Do not hesitate to buy this game, if you don't have a GameCube to play it on go buy one! Trust me, you do not want to miss this epic adventure!     