 There's been a much welcome trend in the industry of games lately; remaking old classics. I'm in love with these remakes because many of them have been keeping true to the spirit and design of the original, yet adding a much-needed overhaul to the graphics, and to the sound, etc. The best examples of these remakes so far have been limited to the Nintendo GameCube with Resident Evil, and Metal Gear Solid The Twin Snakes. Now the GBA gets a taste of remade classics. Granted the GBA has been home to a number of ports of SNES classics, but this isn't just a port with a few added features, its all an all-new game built upon the skeleton of the original Metroid, and while it fails to surpass Metroid 3 (AKA Super Metroid) it comes fairly close in most retrospect. The graphics are amazing, the sound is also amazing, and the game play is stellar, although I do agree that it holds your hand too much to some extent, but this will not prevent getting lost, nor will it ensure you getting 100% items collected. In fact, getting 100% items collected is no easy feat. I have yet to accomplish it, as some of the tricks that must be pulled off to get all the items are either very difficult, or have no obvious solution that can be found for the puzzle. One item that was in Metroid 3 that could have helped with this is the scanner. I was able to get 100% of everything in Super Metroid thanks to that handy device. In addition to the lack of the scanner I also feel that there was room for even more content. They did add some mini-bosses and such, but the game was still far too short for my taste. I would prefer a much longer game. I also didn't like how the role of Mother Brian seemed so downplayed. I won't blow the ending, but the last boss was disappointing. Apart from that Metroid Zero Mission is nearly right up there with Super Metroid in overall greatness for the 2D versions of this game series. I hope that Metroid 2 will be next to undergo such a serious makeover, and that Super Metroid will be ported to the GBA soon as well.     