 There are those occasions when a product comes out that is so good that any attempts at a sequel or prequel have such a high level of expectation that it is impossible for any attempt at expanding the story cannot ever live up to the expectations set by the original. In this case, The Legend of Zelda: The Ocarina of Time is a game that in 1998 won numerous game of the year awards, and redefined the 3D Action RPG. In short, many critics declared the game perfect.   I was grateful for OOT because the N64 was such a huge disappointment over all that it really needed a game like that to make me not regret purchasing it. I agree with the critics, OOT was perfect in every way shape and form, considering the technology of the time. It was also the first game to incorporate facial expressions into real time graphics, a title that was the very definition of revolutionary, a game I still give 5 stars to whole heartedly, and the only game I have ever given a 100% score to. The game was simply that good.  The game was followed by Majora's Mask, a game I enjoyed greatly, especially since it was so difficult compared to other Zelda titles. It wasn't as perfect or polished as OOT was, but it still garnered a 5 star rating and a 97% score from me.   Now the GameCube's most controversial title has arrived. Controversial solely because of the games art direction. While I will agree that I would love to see the return of adult Link in a more realistic looking adventure I must say that for what Nintendo was trying to do they did a brilliant job. The goal of this game's art style was to make it look and feel like a Saturday morning cartoon, a feat that they accomplished brilliantly. Whether or not you approve of the art style, one must confess that for what it is, it looks, and animates brilliantly.   The music is also light years BETTER than the cheesy MIDIs of OOT and Majora's Mask, the environments more clear, and the over world more vast, but unlike OOT, which for its time made full use of the technology available to it to become perfect, The Wind Waker does have a few minor shortcomings, Though I feel that the art style is not one of them.  The shortcoming I found in this game is the lack of danger. While the game is still very fun to play it's not very difficult at all, and even bosses can be plowed through rather quickly once you figure out the key to fighting them. This is off set by some clever puzzles however. I just would like to have more complex battles, this game is about as difficult as Star Fox Adventures... you may die on occasion, but not nearly as often as you should in a truly challenging game.   There are some fetch quests that also seem very tedious, thankfully shortened from the Japanese version, but this is offset by a very clever story that makes the game worth playing. Granted, its nothing on Final Fantasy scale, but its still epic in its own right, and as a fan of Saturday Morning Cartoons, I have a lot of fun even just watching this very well done game. It is truly a title that every GameCube owner should pick up, but sadly it does not live up to the perfection of OOT, I doubt anything will.   I would definitely encourage playing this game, especially if you're a cartoon fan. Its one of the best GameCube games out there, but does not usurp Metroid Prime's title as Best GameCube game ever.  Graphics 10: For what they were trying to do they accomplished it perfectly. The first good-looking cell-shaded video game. Sound Effects 7: This game needs voice acting! It needs it badly! The voice effects in here are largely grunts and screams and other minor effects like that. I like the music cued combos during fights, and the rest of the sound effects do their job well, but nothing truly spectacular... good voice overs would have raised this score to a ten. Music 8: Well composed well presented in brilliant Dolby Pro Logic 2. Still MIDI music, not as bad as OOT, but not as good as the music of say... Castlevania, Symphony of the Night, or Final Fantast X, or Metal Gear Solid 2. Game play 10: Nearly perfect, but not quite. There are not as many dungeons in this game as there were in OOT, which is disappointing, and for a seasoned Zelda fanatic like myself its a bit too easy in parts, but this is coming from a guy who won't play Blood Rayne without cheat codes turned on because I don't like loosing. But the reason I like RPGs is because with a few exceptions the difficulty of the game is totally dependant on how much effort the player puts into developing the character. For an RPG this game was just a wee bit too easy for me. That does not mean that game isn't good though! Replay value 10: Like with any Zelda game, great replay value. I imagine this game will likely be just as much fun to play to play ten years from now as the original NES Legend of Zelda remains today. There's even a second quest! Over all 96.2%     