  I didn't want to camp out in the cold for this (or any) system, so I got up early and stood in line at Target instead, and happened to get there early enough to learn that this store had wisely withheld information about how many units they actually had from the crowd that camped out to give everyone else a shot at the console. I managed to get a core unit, I was hoping for a premium console, but oh well. I went to best buy to pick up most of the things I was missing out on getting only the core system, and hooked it up to my TV.  To my surprise I learned my HDTV had only been running in 480P the last several years, and it cannot do 720P, instead it jumps right to 1080I, but here's what makes the 360 so great, it's the only device in my home which can utilize my TV's 1080I capabilities, and to a great result. Aliasing is nearly a thing of the past, and that alone makes this new console worthwhile. Playing games in true high definition is awe inspiring, but to be honest I was still expecting more from this next gen system.  The 360 reminds me of the Dreamcast, full of excellent and wonderful games, already, (I have 6 so far and each are a blast) but it feels underpowered in comparison to forthcoming competing systems (PS3 in particular). I was disappointed with character models, and textures in Perfect Dark Zero, as well as the lack of polygons used in Kameo. Quake 4 features some amazing texture maps, but the characters still, look like they're built out of boxes sloppily stacked together, its nothing on what Metal Gear Solid 4 looks like for PS3. That doesn't mean this system isn't a good investment, only that the graphics (aside from being in HD wide screen) are only a marginal improvement over the original Xbox so far. I'm sure that better looking games will be available soon. Again I must emphasize that despite the disappointment in graphics the games are a blast.  Generally I get one, maybe two games for a console at launch (handhelds are a different story, I generally grab more since I have more time for handhelds of late) and the reason for this is simply because of time constraints as well as a generally poor selection of games available. The PS2, in example, launched with a huge collection of generally abysmal games. XBox itself (Halo aside for Halo fans) wasn't much better, and I thought GameCube was doing well with 3 games at launch I picked up... here I picked up 5, and went back for a sixth, and each one is fantastic! The reviews for the remaining games that I have not gotten have also been very good, unlike PSP which had a list of games that were generally bad and rated accordingly. At any rate, this has become the best launch line up ever simply because the games are so much fun. I'm eager to see what else M$ has up their sleeves for the rest of the line up. The only weakness in the launch line up is the over abundance of first person shooters, and the lack of RPGs does make for limited variety in the line up thus far, one I hope MS will move to correct quickly.   Some may be disenchanted from not being able to get one at launch, but rest assured there should be plenty of systems to go around this holiday season as new allotments are released weekly. M$ should have planned better for the launch event than they did, but regardless don't go over Ebay to get one. It'll probably be like the Nintendo DS where the initial batch sells out quickly, but regular shipments of new systems will keep coming rendering Ebay and other price gougers out of business for the season.   Backward compatibility does have some issues, what few Xbox games are backward compatible often have technical issues rendering them unplayable. Out of my own collection of "compatible" titles only DOA 3 seems to work without serious problems. I hope M$ moves to correct that quickly as I am eager to free up some space on my shelf by eliminating the original Xbox, but still have too many un-played Xbox titles to do so.   The main thing is that over all X360 does not disappoints, it has a great controller, awesome High Definition capabilities, and great online play. There are some issues to clean up, backward compatibility needs to be refined, expanded and improved, more variety of games, and better use of the technology than what the launch line ups did. These issues aside prepare for an awesome gamming experience. Don't miss out!      