 When comparing the three systems neck and neck and side-by-side Xbox has taken a while to get up the standards that I'm holding the system to based on Microsoft's over inflated system stats and the rather blatant dishonesty about the systems actual performance. Its still not there yet, I am still at a state of "prove it" with Microsoft, though the games (and controllers, thankfully) have been getting much better since launch, Dead to Rights is a prime example of why I don't think the XBox is the most powerful console of the bunch. Maybe its developer laziness but there is a lot of Xbox games that have these types of flaws. Before I get into what is wrong with this game, however, let me address why I like it despite its many flaws.  The game has a very strong story to it, granted its nothing new or revolutionary, we've seen this good-cop-gets-framed-breaks-out-of-jail-and tries-to-prove-himself-innocent in countless movies in the past. This game is kind of a mix of Max Payne and the Fugitive. Although there is nothing innovative or revolutionary about the story it is still very good, and it flows together very well. It has brilliant dialogue, and great voice acting.   The game play is where this game really shines. The great gunplay gave me a huge adrenaline rush. It's not easy for a gamer of my tastes. I don't play games like this very often, so I'm not terribly good at them, or wasn't. I like how you HAVE TO use your environment against your enemies, from having to hide behind counters, and walls to tossing flammable canisters at the enemies, and shooting them at just the right moment, even taking hostages and using them a human shields. Once you get the hang of how to use your environment to save your hide the difficulty drops significantly. This game is very fun to play.  Sadly it is not the prettiest game to watch. For a game that is so heavily reliant on story and dialogue the fact that the character's lack facial animations during in game real time cut-scenes is a sore disappointment. This, being an XBox game, should not have been an issue. Also, the only good polygon model for this game is Slate and Shadow. Every other character in this game looks utterly terrible. I expect much more from Namco. The cinematic feel of the game that they were trying for suffered greatly because of this. The presentation to this otherwise great game is so bad that I cannot justify giving it more than three stars. It may play like a next gen console game, but it looks like a slightly improved N64 game, blurry textures included! Its sad really because this game could have been much better than it is, especially with its presentation. Thankfully for Namco, the game is still a blast to play. It would have been nice if the characters had facial animation, and lip-synching to back up its story.     