 I was told that XBox would be a console for console type games. Both Halo and Morrowind prove that XBox is the dreaded dumping ground for PC type games. Depending on your perspective this can be either good or bad.   I have mixed feelings about Morrowind. It has some interesting elements to it, but its mouse & keybord style controls (similar to Halo) are a serious annoyance, as are its overly complex character creation and game play mechanics. I think this is as close as it gets to a perfect translation of a pen and paper RPG to a console game as it gets. This strength is also a weakness. It can take hours to generate a character. I'm also upset that we have so few options with how the character would look. Our options are hideous, to ugly. There are not enough options, and no matter what you do your character will be pretty darn unattractive. For as elaborate as the rest of the game is, this aspect of the game is a sore disappointment. I had no problem establishing a character as a "hottie" in Sega's Phantasy Star Online.   The game is unusual for a "console" RPG. It takes place in a first person perspective, something I'm not sure I like. It's interesting, and bearable, but maybe I'm just used to playing console RPGs in the vein of Final Fantasy.  The graphics of this game vary. The water in this game is simply amazing, the scenery is intricate and detailed, the character models are mediocre, however, and there is one major complaint I have with the title, horrendous load time. I thought the XBox was supposed to be the fastest. This game will show you why Nintendo's data streaming technique and mini-DVD is a much smarter choice. I'd like to see this game using data streaming technology because it would drastically cut down the seemingly hours of load time. However, unlike past PC-like console RPGS (Summoner for PS 2 come to mind) this game makes it worth it to sit through the loading, and actually has game play tips and hits which are very helpful during loading sequences.   As a hardcore RPG fan I found this game to be quite enjoyable despite my complaints, and would definitely recommend this game for console players wanting to test the waters of a more PC oriented game, or hardcore RPG fans who want something that is unnecessarily overly complex. The game's complexity will woo some gamers, but will surely scare others. I strongly suggest renting the game before you buy it.     