  I agree with the complaints that people had about Episode II, but Episode III, in my mind, is the very movie fans have been waiting for since Lucas announced the prequels. It is here we see the transformation from Anakin Skywalker to Darth Vader. It is here we see the Jedi purge, and it is here that we see a political plot that many are comparing to what is happening in our own government now. The fall of the Republic, and the rise of the Empire. Though I feel this is more similar to events that occurred in history, such as the fall of the Roman republic and the rise of their empire. At any rate, unlike real life this story is clear cut good versus evil, and details a good man's decent into evil.  Although I felt that the novel was a better interpretation of the story the movie certainly did a fine job of presenting us with clear and precise logic to Anakin's fall. Palpatine's manipulation of Anakin's feelings, and fears. Much like how the media preys on the fears of the general public, and feeds them exactly what the people need to hear in order to respond the way the media wants them to. Anakin was in a position where he had to go off of what he was told, and never knew any the wiser. On the one hand the moral Right of the film (the Jedi) warning him to steer clear of the Chancellor but in the Jedi tradition they are vague about their reasons. On the other, the Dark lord of the Sith, which convinces Anakin (and everyone else) that the Right is evil, and sets things into motion to obtain permanent power, and orders their extermination. I am a huge Star Wars fan and know a lot about the ideals of both Jedi and Sith, and the core beliefs are Right and Left winged and both exist in terms of light and dark, in a universe painted in shades of gray. The two groups represent a refusal to take the bi-partisan route and find a middle of the road approach that would be for the common good. ROTS demonstrates what is going on in our government to an extent (though again not to the degree that some people have alluded to, Jedi are anything but allegory for liberals) in that the power struggle between Right and Left wages on negating the needs of the people, and those of us who are in the middle.   Political forces are demanding that we choose a side, and are painting the other side as being evil regardless of their intentions. The people who reside in Lucas' universe are lucky, however, as the Sith are clearly evil. We have never had a prominent religion outright banned in the USA the way the Jedi were in our lifetime, though forces have moved against various religions in the past. In fact the Jedi purge could be said to (in a way) more so resemble the persecution and purge of the early Mormons in a variety of states back in the 1800s. It's not that big of a stretch. You could also make comparisons of other religious purges, the crusades, the inquisition, etc. There's more to by said by ROTS about the dangers of loosing religion than anything. Being a Sith means you acknowledge yourself as the higher power, the force serves you, where as being a Jedi the force is the higher power and you serve it, much the same way some antagonists of religion see the world. "Man is the end all tell all, and the world serves us", vs. religion "(Insert preferred deity) is the ultimate, and we serve (insert gender preference)."   What's beautiful about ROTS, and where it succeeds is that it draws so many parallels like the ones I've illustrated, and in many ways, a lot of the material can be subjective, but even in Star Wars, evil does not see itself that way. They tell themselves "Peace is a lie, there is only passion. Through passion we gain strength, through strength we gain power, through power we gain victory, through victory our chains are broken." In that regard the Sith come off as an anti-religious force bent on ridding the universe of a prominent and powerful religion. I think George Lucas had a lot that he wanted to say with this trilogy. For sure, one of those things is that he worries that our republic may crumble. The loss of rights is nothing new, (Government attempts to undo the 2nd amendment as just an example) and the worst part is that just as Palpatine convinced the people it was for their own good the government (not just Bush, but Clinton, H.W. Bush, and going backward) has done the same thing, and if a President does go all the way and bans our right to bare arms they will be met with roaring applause because it makes us "safe". In the mean time criminals will still get their guns, and we'll have no way to stop them from hurting us with them... but at least there'll be no way the average citizen could oppose an oppressive government, right? This transition from Republic to dictatorship is a slow one, and I believe Lucas has set out to give us the warning signs of this transition. The point is that this movie accomplishes what the past two installments failed; it showed us what happens when people get misinformed; they then make decisions that they later regret, republics fall and empires rise and good people go bad all because people weren't paying attention to the details, much like most critics will slam this prequel for the same reason. This is a beautiful and wonderful film, it is a phenomenal politically, religiously, and emotionally charged tale with a very clear message. Be mindful of the details, and don't let any government convince you that our constitutional rights are a bad thing.     