  I'm a cross platformer, and I've been looking forward to the PSP for a good long time. I've been long awaiting a handheld with enormous next-generation graphics, and game play. Thus far the PSP has fallen flat on its face in terms of the latter. As far as the former goes, anyone whose played Metroid Hunters can attest that the DS is still a capable piece of hardware, and while the system may not be quite as powerful it is capable of high quality products, and the difference between the DS and the PSP is marginal.  But ultimately it comes down to the games. Now mind you, I am not biased. I do love Nintendo (although I fully admit the N64 was a stinker), and I do have hard feelings toward the PS2 because I feel the over all system is a huge let down, but I also love my Xbox, and I have ALL of the major consoles, and I do plan to continue that tradition. But this leaves me with no reason or need for bias. I have all the systems, so I can make up my own mind about what I like and have no need to go on a jealous "I bought x system so y systems stinks" rant. I let game play be the judge. And so far the PSP will gratify sport fans immensely... and no one else. Ape escape is a let down, Metal Gear Acid is a severe let down, and Dark Stalkers is a let down... The PSP literally launched with nothing for casual, hardcore, or budget gamers. Only sport fans. Seriously, look at the line up this far.   Now the DS library has been building up slowly, I admit that. But there's now 5 games I consider must haves for it, and that's better than the PS2 did in its first year on my shelf. The PSP seems to be repeating the launch pattern of the PS2, all sports, and nothing else of value, and as you can tell, I am not a sports fan.  Also consider that Square-Enix's handheld support will be dominantly Nintendo, starting with the never before domestically released Final Fantasy III, and an update to the Egg Monster and Crystal Chronicles series, as well as a new Mana game. PSP so far has ONE Square-Enix game planned, a follow up to FFVII, exciting, sure, but not as exciting as the longer list of DS planned titles.  I think if we should have learned anything this last generation and the generation before it is that graphics do not matter, it's the game play. The N64 was much more powerful than the PS1 (although the cartridge format restricted FMV capabilities) but the Playstationites were quite content with their pixilated, aliased, low-resolution, and low-polygon count games. The PS1 was where most of last generation's great games were... this round Xbox and Gamecube have clobbered the PS2 in game play, and especially graphics (RE4 and Halo 2 anyone?) but the PS2 is still out selling both systems. Graphics and system power are invalid arguments.  Also consider that the PSP is a whopping $250.00. That's an awful lot for a handheld, especially with Microsoft's successor to the Xbox looming on the horizon. Remember that the N-Gage was quite a capable piece of hardware by comparison to the GBA as well... because of its price it bombed, and now, even though Nokia is practically giving it away now most stores are no longer carrying it, and have no plans to carry the next one. I'm not saying PSP will suffer the same fate, in fact I hope the PSP does well, it has enormous potential... but really I would recommend waiting for two things before you buy it. 1) A price drop by about $50. Give the system 6 months, it will happen, and 2) unless you're a huge sports fan you'll find yourself pretty board with PSP pretty quickly. So wait for the AAA must have titles to appear. The system will be a paperweight for 6 months plus if you don't. I'm already shelving mine until something noteworthy comes out (most likely the aforementioned Square-Enix game.) Where as with my DS, even if the DS line up isn't the most intuitive, or brilliant of all time it's building, and has some incredible just-around-the-corner games that are must haves. Mario Kart DS (Fully online capable) Animal Crossing DS (again fully online capable) Castlevania DS (AKA Aria of Sorrow 2, tentatively) and numerous other groundbreaking titles that will definitely make DS owners happy. I'm looking at the release list for the PSP... more sport games... Where's the innovation? Where's the variety? Well, truth be told my PS2 took a year and a half well after the Xbox and Gamecube were added to my shelf, to get some really noteworthy games. Sadly I anticipate the same fate will befall the PSP. I just hope I'm wrong, but not being a sport fan, so far it doesn't look good for PSP. Sure it's more powerful, but by no means is it more fun than my DS, and therefore it is not better. Technologically perhaps, but certainly not by means of innovation or great games.   As far as UMD movies? Sorry, I have a portable DVD player, and I support the DVD format fully. I have no intention of buying the same movie on two different formats just so I can watch a movie on my PSP. Music, however, may cause me to take my PSP out of the closet it's already been cast into... except I also have a portable CD player... MP3s are more convenient sure, but I don't have the money to blow on a memory stick sizable enough to make it worthwhile. I just bought the PSP after all... Oh well.   In conclusion, wait and see with PSP. Sure it's got marginally prettier graphics than the DS, but unless you're a sports fan or a die-hard Sony fan boy right now there's absolutely nothing to justify the purchase of this handheld. We'll see what the future brings, though. On technology merits alone I give it 3 stars. As an industry insider I advise people to brace for Game Boy Evolution, the handheld that in approximately two years (or less) will blow all your expectations away.     