 Capcom has finally achieved what I believe they have been trying to do all along with Resident Evil as a series. Many elements of the game have been in need of a serious update for the longest time, and thankfully the vast majority of complaints that I have had with the title have been addresses.   I never completed the original. Although I found the story intriguing the horrible graphics, cheesy dialogue, and horrid voice acting put me off. I have finished every Resident Evil game since then and was desperate to find out exactly how the events of the original unfolded, but was not willing to suffer through the original. (RE 2 was the fist game that I had played of this series.)   When Capcom announced yet another version of RE 1 I rolled my eyes. I had been suckered into buying several different versions of RE 1 and 2 in an attempt to get the "definitive version". I was expecting another port with minimal improvements. However when the first screen shots came out I was blown away. I couldn't believe that a game could look this good, even on GameCube. I thought for sure that Eternal Darkness would be the pinnacle of graphics for the system. I was wrong, but that is not a bad thing as this game offers better graphics than any game on any system and proves that GCN is capable of quite a lot more than many anticipated. The game does not play in progressive scan, which is sad because this game would look great on a 16X9 screen, and does not support Dolby Pro Logic II, which would have been nice too, but it still offers the most stunning graphics of all time, and has great sound to go with it. While the music is sparse, it is moody and atmospheric, and while RE 2 and Code Veronica offer a better sound track, this one helps set the mood and tension. There are plenty of moments where your own shadow will be used against you... or is it your shadow? Sometimes it's not what you see that will spook you, but what you hear. Many new game play elements have been added, such as having to dispose of the bodies to prevent Zombies from being reanimated. A reanimated zombies ad tension... and drains ammo.  The only problem with the game is that the RE control set up is still intact. Capcom really needs to use the Devil May Cry engine more often. It couldn't hurt to be able to run away from those blasted Hunters more easily. But once you get used to it isn't that big of a deal. I killed Yawn without taking a hit. Using the C-stick I was able to dodge every attempt at a strike. Players can get good enough to go through this game without taking a hit.  The game is about 70% changed from the original, but enough of it is intact that MOST puzzles will be solvable on their own, which is good. However, many of the solutions, or the items you get for solving them are entirely different. If you've played through the original, even to the end, this game is still a must own for any GameCube owner.     