 Resident Evil has been a personal favorite franchise (amoung Castlevania, Final Fantasy, Legacy of Kain and Zelda) since RE 2. The series has always been a blast, but there have always been a few compliants, awekward static camera angles, polygon characters don't look good on prerendered backgrounds, and the pivoting control style was always irritating. Until Code Veronica RE 2 was my favorite of the series, but Code Veronica took what was working with Resident Evil and improved on most of the aspects of it. Mostly, this games's Dreamcast incarnation was revolutionary for it's time. RE: CV on the DC was the first game of the current generation to blow me away graphically and started a new trend in game cinemas, relying on realt time cut scenes rather than pre rendered ones. The only thing that prevents me from giving this game the perfect score it couls have gotten was the blasted control scheme which has got to go! CV has a moving camera, the characters move along real time polygonla backgrounds that still look amazing, even though the characters look outdated now compared to Final Fantasy X, Metal Gear Solid 2, and just about any GameCube title. The PS 2 version adds about ten minutes of footage to the game, including a spectacular "final battle" between Chris and Wesker that was just great. The graphics actually look a little worse in some spots than the Dreamcast version as the PS 2 Aliasing problem rears it's ugly head on occasion, but it's nothing that's really unbearable, and the extras this game has makes it worthwhile IF, and only IF you don't already own the DC version of the game. The sound on the PS 2 version is enhanced, however, and the game is a bit darker, which is a good thing, but aside form that... well, let me put it this way, the DC guide book will get you through CVX. Item placement is the same, sectret codes are the same, etc. If you don't already have the Dreamcast version do yourself a favor and pick this one up, as it's the last Resident Evil (excluding the RE Online game which will not be a part of the time line) that will appear on a non-Nintendo system.     