 I was a fan of the original, but just barely bought the sequel because I had Metroid Prime... Metroid will always win out in priorities, but Sega fans and Xboxers should buy this game without hesitation.  Shenmue 2 is the sequel to the sleeper Dreamcast hit that debuted at the end of the Dreamcast's life, in fact it was the last Dreamcast game I bought, and it is to this day my favorite DC title simply because this game is a very versatile title. There is no genre that this game series does not cover at some point. Ryo has to learn new skills, and master them, like RPGs, he has to gather clues and information collect items, etc, like RPGs, there's a deep and compelling story, like RPGs, there's mini games galore, exploration, adventure, fighter game type action (similar to the Virtual Fighter Engine.) There's so much going on in this game, its part sim, part RPG, part adventure, part fighter... How could someone not enjoy it? Especially since many of the flaws of the original game have been fixed? Lost? You can easily find someone to show you around. Broke? Part time jobs, though I don't recommend gambling... I lost over $1,000 that way, ironically right after I had won that much! All this in the midst of what is at its core one of the most comprehensive and beautiful epic stories of our day. I've been enthralled by the story of the game, but sadly sales of this remarkable game have been less that stellar. The game is selling so poorly that there may not be a Shenmue 3, and the story is far from over. It isn't fair that such an artistic and beautiful game like this be passed over without so much as a second glance. I implore all Xboxers out there, please save Shenmue and at least give this game a look. There's a movie included with the game that summarizes the plot of the first game, although the movie does not do justice to the original game itself, which has a great deal more to it, it will still let you know what you need to know to get by story wise in Shenmue 2, and in all honesty Shenmue 2 has far fewer flaws. Many people found some aspects of the original tedious, like having to wait around for hours on end for an event, but thankfully this one allows you to fast forward to the appropriate time, rather than seeking out stuff to do. Because Sega and AM2 addressed so many of the flaws of the first game it is well worth it to pick this title up, even if you haven't played through the original. Just watch the movie first and you'll be fine. PLEASE BUY THIS GAME! Don't let this masterpiece fade into oblivion... imagine if 24 were cancelled midseason and you'd know how I feel about there not being a Shenmue 3.     