 When I first saw the remake of Resident Evil for GameCube one of my biggest hopes was that Nintendo would pursue remakes of other classic Playstation games for their system, and then seize the games (like they did with Resident Evil, with only Spin-off titles hitting other consoles). I hate to admit it, because I am an avid hardcore cross platformer, but deep down I'm still a Nintendo loyal, and I wanted Nintendo to take back what it lost last generation to Sony. I had hoped to see remakes of Silent Hill 1, ports of SH2, 3, and the forth-coming 4, and remakes or ports of the entire Final Fantasy series. Needless to say that the announcement of Crystal Chronicles had me in tears (not literally) over what might have been... At least Nintendo got one of the many Playstation games I'd like to see brought to their system... and it's a big one.  Argued by many to have been the single greatest game on the original Playstation Metal Gear Solid continued the story that began way back in the late 80s with Metal Gear on the original Nintendo. Although the true sequel Metal Gear 2 was never released domestically the NES was graced with an unofficial sequel called Snake's Revenge. As far as I can tell Snake's Revenge is not relevant to the plot of Solid, which is actually Metal Gear 3.   The storyline is well known by now, so I'll not review it, as it is sufficient to say that it remains one of the greatest games stories of all time. So good in fact, that even Metal Gear Solid 2 failed to eclipse it. What is relevant for the sake of this review is that aside from a few minor changes to the dialogue the story of the original is here and in tact.  Obviously some people wonder what's changed? Well not much, thankfully. Silicon Knights, Konami, and Nintendo must have felt that it wasn't necessary to fix what wasn't broken. Instead they took the elements of Metal Gear Solid 2 that made it so great (hiding in lockers, moving dead bodies, etc) and used it as the basis of the Twin Snakes. The only addition to the game play I would have liked to see is better use of shadows for cover.    Most of the voice-overs are done by the original voice actors, including David Hayter (Writer of the X-Men movie) as Solid Snake. So far the only voice that doesn't seem like the original is that of Mei Ling, and while I miss that adorable Chinese accent, one could point out that Silicon Knights was correcting a flaw of the original game... Mei Ling was born and raised in America, so it would make sense that she spoke with an American accent... even if her original voice was more fun.   The graphics have been given a major overhaul, and kudos to Silicon Knights for the accomplishment here. Their previous outings have not been graphically impressive, but always had a decent artistic flair to them anyway. In Twin Snakes they have both. True to the artistic style of the MGS series, and yet better looking on GameCube than on any other system. I was blown away by the animation in this game. It's simply breathtaking to see how fluid everything is. The game does contain very impressive lighting, shadows, and weather effects that simply had my jaw to the floor. Character models may not be as good as those found in the Resident Evil or Silent Hill Series, but they don't fail to impress either.   Silicon Knights proved with Eternal Darkness that they are champions of sound on the GameCube. MGSTS is no exception. Gun shots sound real, voice overs are phenomenal, little subtle sounds are very important in this game, and Silicon Knights did great with it. I was blown away by the sound, which tops 90% of the games out there.   The enemy AI is nothing short of amazing as well. Though the original was no walk in the park by way of difficulty this game makes MGS 2 look like a kitten. The enemies are that smart. This game has me at the edge of my seat and I am a seasoned Metal Gear fan.   In closing I want to say thank you to Konami, thank you to Nintendo, and Thank you to Silicon Knights for this amazing masterpiece. There is very little to complain about. This game is great for both nostalgia, and for newbies alike. Whatever your thoughts about GameCube this is defiantly a must have title... Now lets get Silicon Knights on Final Fantasy VII!     