 When Final Fantasy VIII hit the shelves I was among the many who were hesitant about it. It was a completely new style of art for the game, and being the die hard FF VI fan I was it was unacceptable... but then I actually played the game. I was very upset when FF IX took a drastic step backwards in it's visual presentation. I'd grown fond of the more realistic art found in VIII.   Lately Square's efforts have been less than stellar. The Bouncer was a joke, and Driving Type Emotion-S will dissapear into the world of games so bad you shouldn't lay them sober. FF IX left me with little hope for the series. FF X, however has revived it.  This game may not be "filmed" as well as Metal Gear Solid, but it is still the work of artistic genious. While it is not the graphical marvel I had hoped for, it is still a visual treat considering the limitations of the PS2. The graphics rotate from FMV, to great to medicore depending on the character, the amount of characters on screen, etc. Many of the less important characters have a low polygon count and are not textured very well, but then you have characters like Auron who are so incredably detailed it almost makes you froget that there are two drastically more powerful systems out there.   Square has ended the endless reading that their games are known for, opting for voice acting instead, and while the voice actors are mediocre at best this was probably the best thing about this game. The voices and facial animations made the characters more real and it became easier to see these charcters as people, rather than just polygons.   The music in this game is slightly better than FF IX, but still leaves something to be desired, FFD  VI and VIII had the best soundtracks of the series, and Umeatsu and his co-writers didn't seem quite up to the task of outdoing his previous works.   The story is the games best feature. The story can come off as being somewhat anti-religious at points, but really isn't. Like Xenogears before it it carries an important message about being careful about what we believe, and how we let other people control us through questionable traditions and the threat of damnation (or in this case Sin.) Despite this theme, the game is far from anti-religious. It's ending is (as with tradition) somewhat of a heart wrencher, yet it keeps a positive spin on things. My only complaint is that it would have been nice if the love story aspects of the game were better thought out. I don't know how or why Tidus and Yuna got together, they just kind of did... Not like Rinoa and Squall who had quite the love story.   Gameplay, FF X is the most fun of the series to play. There's so many new gameplay elements. Everything that was tidious about past instalments is gone. Switching characters at a save spots to keep everone built up? Gone. Switching out any time duriing a battle! Why didn't they think of that sooner? The traditional leveling up system is gone, in it's place an innovative sphere grid that takes some getting used to, but once you get the hang of it? This is hands down the best system for an RPG ever. Without a doubt FF X is inarguably the best of the series.     