 There are a handful of quoteable movies that just make someone seem so much cooler when they quote the movie, there aren't that many games like that, sadly because the emphases has always been on graphics, and ocassionally developers will work on Gameplay too. For those of us who play games for story we just seem so much cooler for knowing the dialogue of Legacy of Kain. Legacy of Kain can be for gamers, what Fight Club is for movie buffs. seriesly! These three games are the most quotable games in history! Nothing is more fun than running down the halls at work shouting "Vae Victus!" Not only is the dialogue sharp, and so well written it would blow shakespear out of the water, but Kain has had a history of incredably great gameplay, it's hard to get bored playing these games.   SR 1 (especially the dreamcast version) had it's bugs and was less than perfect. SR 2, however, has corrected absolutely every minor complaint I had with the first one. The camera work is better, the graphics and animation are solid and the best part is that the story is even deeper than SR 1, and is right up there with Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain, the original by Silicon Knights.  Eidos Interactive is listed as one of my least favorite devlopers for Tomb Raider and it's countless clones, and thier refusal to put an end to the crappy cameras and bad control. When I first heard that Eidos had nabbed Legacy of Kain I was in a state of dread, thankfully Legacy of Kain still manages to break the molds of corporate games and takes the gamer on a wild thrill ride throughout Nosgoth, past present and future, like it's predicassors the games focuses on art and story every bit as much as graphics and gameplay. I don't think there could possibly be a better horror title out there. Crystal D should really look into getting a verbatim film made of these games, as Legacy of Kain is second Only to Vampire The Masqerade (Tabletop) in it's gothic horror style storytelling.   Eidos should learn from this game. If the next Tomb Raider plays this well then maybe I'll buy it. Resident Evil may also want to learn from this.   Something else to boast about is the complex new method of puzzel solving. Gone are the insert block through slot throw switch puzzles, instead there is a lot of object placement, and setting things up. I'm stuck on the light mirror puzzle. This game was well worth the wait!  The DVD extras give the game a little kick. Something else I hope becomes industry standard. Kain breaks the mold of PS2 games here by giving the player a true DVD experience with DVD extras, backstory, soundtracks, making of featurett, even outtakes, though some of it must be unlocked. SR 2 is packed full of everything one would need to declair this game perfect, and hands down the best of the series thus far. The only complaint I have is that the opening FMV seemed a bit cartoony compared to SR 1's amazing FMV which just looked more realistic for some reason.  "Vae Victus!" Buy this game, you know you want it!     