 At the height of Star Trek popularity the producers of the show created a spin off about a man who'd lost his wife, and was assigned to command the recently wrestled from Cardassian control Terok Nor (Renamed Deep Space Nine by the Federation of Planets). His name, Benjamin Sisko... And he didn't want to be there. Regardless, being the good soldier that he is he takes his son and relocates to the station where he meets the moody Kira Nyrese, the shape shifting Odo, the scheming Quark, and a reincarnation (sort of) of his old friend Dax.   DS9 got off to an excellent start with a very "odd couple" type feeling to the entire cast. Everyone was a misfit, no one really fit in, and this set the series apart from the other Treks. But to make matters more interesting Benjamin Sisko's life is turned even further upside down when he accidentally discovers a wormhole to the Gamma Quadrant, and while going back to the Alpha Quadrant of the galaxy he is "abducted" by non-caporal alien life forms. Because of this encounter the Bajorans (Major Kira's people) now believe that Sisko is the emissary of their deities. They believe the aliens in the wormhole are their Prophets, and if asked these aliens will state that they are "of Bajor". Sisko becomes a religious icon, and so the saga begins.  What I love about Deep Space Nine is that it removed the cowboy diplomacy of previous installments. The crew of DS9 was stationary, and had to deal with the consequences of their actions, unlike Kirk and Picard who could just fly off to the next planet, Sisko was stuck dealing with the problems that were created.   Season 1 does not delve into the Dominion, but does begin the development of each and every major character right away. DS9 developed their characters the best of any Trek. Unlike previous installments, this show wasn't satisfied focusing on the captain and one or two of his underlings. Everyone got good screen time in DS9, and even by the end of season 1 we knew our crew very well.   Because DS9 developed its characters so well it is, in my mind, the best of the treks. I am grateful to Paramont for these box sets, though I do feel they are awefully expensive (Fox's 24 in contrast runs about $50-60 a set). A price drop would be nice, but as of now I'm only two seasons short of the collection. Deep Space Nine is TV as it should be. Great stories with great role models for our kids, episodes that are completely inoffensive, and completely entertaining. I wish DS9 had never ended. Of all of the TV shows I love that are now gone I miss DS9 the most.       