 A friend of mine was telling me that he saw a movie I had to see. He knows I'm a Silent Hill fanatic and told me that this movie was the inspiration for the game. Intrigued I naturally went on a mad hunt for this very hard to find DVD. Eventually I found a copy and bought it without thinking twice.  I was very eager to see this movie, and as it started up I sat at the edge of my seat waiting for signs of the inspiration that would later end up in Silent Hill. I saw some minor things at first, but soon found myself interested in this movie for another reason, to be honest the only reason you need to watch this movie, its plot.  Everything in this movie makes sense from an artistic standpoint, everything in this film means something, everything has a rhym and reason, which these days is rare, especially for this kind of movie. Twist ending aside I firmly believe that this is the movie the Cell should have been. Granted this movie is the exploration of (spoiler alert) the mind of a man who is dying, where as the Cell is the exploration of the mind of a cerel killer, but this movie had meaning, where as the cell was a jumbled mess of expensive imagry.   It's rare to find a psychological thriller this deep, and this powerful. While the film isn't scary some scenes stay with you whith you for a while. The thoughts expressed about the difference between demons and angels, and what they represent are simple, yet brilliant.  As the film progresses the visuals do become more and more like Silent Hill (particularly the 3rd installment's creature feature Viatel whose head moves in very much the same way that the demons do in this film.) There were moments that were scary, but overall this film is less about scares, and more about the state of the human mind during death, and coping with dying. In that regard this movie handles the subject of dying better than the vast majority of psychological thrillers. Its beautifully written, and masterfully executed, and yes, for Silent Hill fans there are monsters and scense in here that seem to have had a direct influence over the game series, (although Silent Hill is tremendously more greusome) particularly the scene in the assylum.   Although the video transfer is relatively poor (watching on a widescreen HDTV), and the sound is not as good as other, higher end DVDs this film is a must have for horror, suspense, or even drama fans. This film is so well done it can easily fit into any of the aforementioned categories. While not for everyone (the film is a deep thinker) I'm honestly suprised that this movie isn't considered a classic, or the masterpiece it aught to be considered.     