 The recent "A Walk to Remember" has made a Mandy fan of me, for no other reason than her amazing vocal talent. I had wondered why she hadn't out done Brittany, as Mandy is drastically more talented, however I think I understand why, now.   I like this CD, however much of it is merely remixes of previously released songs. I'm not the biggest fan of remix albums, or albums that have the same song more than once on it with the "its a remix" excuse. However I must confess that the title track "I wanna be with you" is my favorite song right now. Its very sweet, and moving, essentially the female equivalent to the deeply romantic "Truly Madly Deeply" by Savage Garden. It's a shame that the rest of this CD seems so bland and generic. I firmly believe that if Mandy had a more creative writing staff that she could easily conquer Brittany Spears. She is more elegant, more mature, and definitely classier, and more beautiful and does not seem to subject herself to the sort of trashy image that Brittany does. Her songs, for the most part, at least on this CD, seem to lack real effort. I understand that Mandy got her start very young, but the songs that have made her famous seem to be more geared toward children. "Candy" being a prime example. My hope for her is that she will continue to record, and that her music will mature (note maturing and being like Brittany are two very different things!) and that she may even try her hand at writing her own music. She is so extremely talented that I believe that she should have much more control over the direction of her music.   I haven't heard the sound track for "A Walk to Remember." I only know that the song she did in the movie for the school play was so fantastic that it brought me to tears. That sound track will be my next Mandy purchase. I anticipate that it will contain music that has more heart than "I wanna be with you", and hopefully will not be as generic as the majority of this album was. As much as I have fallen for Mandy, I must admit that I was quite disappointed with this CD.     