 Starting this title I was initially turned off by the "disasteriffic" dialogue of the game. It kind of scared me to see some of my favorite Final Fantasy characters using dialogue so bad that it made Charlie's Angels look good... Thankfully, early into the title the lame dialogue comes to an end and the story begins. Although the story isn't as deep and meaningful as its predecessor it is filled with a truly innovative tale about searching for lost love. Yuan leaves Besaid Island along with Rikku and newcomer Paine to join the Gull wings in search of Spheres. Although it takes some time (depending on how many side missions you do before hitting the hotspots in the mission menu) to understand why. Essentially, you learn that Yuna received a sphere that contained images of a man who bears more than a strong resemblance to Tidus. It seems that she is searching for that man, while having to sort out the political unrest of Spira while the new religious sects of New Yevon and the Youth League go at it. Its a very good story, but does not reach the levels of greatness that was achieved by numerous entries in the Final Fantasy story. Never the less kudos to Square-Enix for finally taking some favorites and doing more with them. FF VII-2 and FF VIII-2 would be great. (Of course so would ground up remakes in the fashion of Resident Evil and Metal Gear Solid would be nice too.)   The game play in this game is where the title really excels. Fast, on your toes, quick thinking. The enemies do not wait, and your characters often attack simultaneously, or one right after another which makes for some really neat combinations and chains. One flaw however is the long animations as the girls change costumes... like the summons of FF VIII they're long winded, and as far as I can tell cannot be skipped. Square needs to implement a policy that in battle animations like that should be skipable, but not go too far like the did in FF IX where you seldom saw the animations because the computer cut them short most of the time. I'd like the option to watch the animations at my whim. There are occasions where I'm in the mood for it, and others when I'm not.  Graphically this game is a mixed bag. Yuna, Rikku, and Pain look absolutely amazing, as does Nooj, and some of the few other main characters. However, the majority of the characters (residents, and secondary, and tertiary characters) look simply horrible by today's standards, featuring low poly-counts, and low texture quality... basically looking like N64 characters. With PS2 kicking out incredible graphics as seen in Resident Evil Outbreak, and Silent Hill 3 this is disappointing.   Sound effects and voice acting are only so-so as well, but the game does retain most of the original voice actors. Over all though the reason to play this game is for the incredibly fast paced game play, which brings a new revolutionary twist to the FF series in much the same way that FF X did.     