 Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance revived the series when it had been dying out for quite some time. It did a lot of good, and offered a whopper of a twist to the story with the brutal murder of the beloved Liu Kang. Deception picks up right after Deadly Alliance. Shang Tsung and Quan Chi won. The game begins with the final showdown between Raiden and the two sorcerers. The quality of the FMV sequence is leaps an bounds better (and longer) than the sequence for the last and sets up the most intense MK installment since MK 2, despite the lack of some of my all time favorites, and the not so surprising return of Liu Kang from the dead (which does disappoint me, but oh well. He's not the main focus of the game.) Kitana, Johnny Cage, Shang Tsung, and Quan Chi are missing from the roster, especially disappointing considering the events of the last game. And the roster is cluttered with new generic fighters that I wish were replaced with the more recognizable such as Sonya, Etc. So while the roster is a disappointment the game is not. Graphically it is absolutely brilliant. It looks superb on my wide screen TV, with nary a flaw in the game. More importantly the game play elements that were innovated in the last game have been perfected here, added to multi-tiered environments (ala Dead or Alive) and fatal ring outs that put Soul Caliber to shame! It's also twice as fast as Deadly Alliance, with much less stiff animation. Also featured is a Mortal Kombat Puzzle Fighter (which my wife loves I might add) and Chess, which is interesting, and the game can be played online. It's a good thing that I have no Internet connection right now... Otherwise a whole lot of people would fall to my Scorpion! I'm already perfecting the art of those ring outs too! The additional packaging is great, but somewhat misleading. The "Arcade Perfect Port" of Mortal Kombat 1 is a less-than-perfect emulation. The graphics are perfect, the game play is there, the voice sound effects are present, but the music cuts out from time to time, and some levels there is no music at all due to the poor quality of the emulation. I wouldn't mind this, but I paid $10.00 for the collector's edition for this reason. Had Midway gave it away as a preorder bonus or something I wouldn't complain, but I paid for an "arcade Perfect Port" And that is not what is on the bonus disk. The history of Mortal Kombat, and the character profiles, however, are very interesting and informative, even though I was disappointed they had no interviews with the actress who played Kitana. Over all I loved this game and appreciate the bonus material, but Midway aught to be more careful with terms like "Arcade Perfect Port", especially when you're paying for it.     