 There's pus spewing from the kitchen sink, the walls are bleeding, the fog is so thinck you can cut it with a knife and this is during the daylight hours. Things get worse at night as a demon world attempts to merge itself with our own. This is the premise of the story as Harry Mason navigates his way through this errily bizzare town that his hauntingly a lot like something only the most twisted and bizar mind could create. Resident Evil has its shock moments, but regardless of what anyone might tell you, for a real scare the original Silent Hill is the game to play. This is hands down the creepiest game, and while it has few of the zombie jumping through the window sort of scares there is a great deal of darkness, and erie sounds to compensate. This is a different kind of horror than RE, a game that bares no resemblance to this original master piece with the exception of the irritating control style, but thats where the similarities end. RE relies on catching you off guard, SH requires you to constantly be on guard and plays on your paranoia the entire time, especially with the radio. While RE comes off as a fun B-movie SH comes off as the darkest dream you don't want to remember, which makes it a worthwhile experience well worth the money. It also features some of the finest FMV sequences to grace the PS1, topping the work of Final Fantasy VIII. The in game graphics leave a lot to be desired though. This is another game I would like to see remade for GCN, however Konami has taken a very stubborn anti-GCN stance, the likelyhood that this will happen is slim.   As with most Survival Horror titles this game packs an awkward control style that is even more devistating to the overal game than the RE control because the camera moves as though it were stalking you, a cool effect that is hindered by the horrible control set up, a problem that was adjusted in the PS2/Xbox sequel "Restless Dreams". Aside from this complaint the game is brilliant and every horror fan should pick this title up. However, this game is NOT for kids, nor is it for the weak in stomach and faint of heart. It takes a strongh stomach and even stronger will power to get through this game. I don't care how strong you think you are this game will scare you.     