 Its amazing that its taken so long for these movies to hit DVD, and I must say that in some ways it was worth the wait, but in others I do feel a bit let down by some of the bonus features. While I loved Empire of Dreams (I had no idea the original trilogy was so frustrating for him) I had hoped that From Star Wars to Jedi would make it to the set. I also can't seem to find any deleted scenes. This doesn't mean, however, that they didn't include some of the most comprehensive making-of featurettes for this trilogy that I have ever seen, but somehow I had hoped for more.  In many ways I'm suprised to see this trilogy released now, as I had originally thought that Lucas would wait until Episode 3 was released and then publish these DVDs. What's sad is his reasons for releasing them now. "A lot of people are getting very worried about piracy. That has really eaten dramatically into the sales. It really just came down to, there may not be a market when I wanted to bring it out, which was like, three years from now." He told CNN. Kind of scary that piracy has gotten so bad that these kind of fears are out there. Can you imagine a world without the movie industry? I can't. But at least we have these movies on DVD finally!  As for the films themselves, minor things have been changed and tweaked, yes. However the story remains the same as the classic trilogy. These are also the versions of the film that Lucas has declared the "finished" version. They're beautiful, vibrant, and just as entertaining as their "original" counterparts, only with better looking special effects. My honest opinion is that while the Star Wars movies may not be the greatest films of all time, they are certainly some of the most fun, and enduring titles, and whether or not Greedo shoots first isn't going to change the fact that these movies are the reason we have the great epics like Lord of the Rings and countless other amazing sci-fi and fantasy classics. This box set is a must own for movie fans of all interests. They're true classics in their own right.     