 When I was eleven years old my father excitedly woke me from my sleep to announce that a really great show was going to be making its debute that night. Hurriedly he and I woke the rest of the family as he explained that a favorite of his was coming back to TV. His favorite, the original Dark Shadows, very quickly became one of my favorites through this revival. My entire family watched the show religiously until much to our dismay, well before the story could receive any sense of closure, the revised and improved tale of Barnabus Collins was staked through the preverbal heart.   Since then I have watched some of the old Dark Shadows trying to piece together the rest of the story, and pardon me for not having nostalgic feelings for the original I found the old series somewhat cheesy. Yes I am spoiled by modern effects, but it wasn't just that... the acting, the scripts, it became painfully obvious why Dan Curtis would want to re-write and re-make the series, and focus it more on Barnabus, considering the series was really not going anywhere until he arrived at Collinwood.    Although the effects of the new Dark Shadows aren't up to today's standard what does hold up is the phenomenal acting (especially by Ben Cross, and Joanna Going, and Jim Fyfe.) The story is still as compelling today as it was more than a decade ago, and Ironically I now recognize Joseph-Gordon Leavitt not only as Tommy from 3rd Rock (the greatest TV comedy of all time) but also as the creepy kid from this revival series. I never realized that before picking up this collection! His acting, even at the age young age he was when Dark Shadows was filmed, was on par with modern day child prodigies like Freddy Highmore. Simply put, despite somewhat cheap looking effects, the story, the acting the moody atmosphere still absolutely hold up... sadly there is no end to this tale, no resolution. The twelfth episode goes by and leaves you begging for more knowing that it will never come because this series came and went so many years ago, and the actors who were in this series are now too old to reprise their roles for any sort of attempt at a revival.  While I would love to have had this story finished I certainly do worry that any further attempts to revive this amazing series may end up on the WB with casting like the guy playing superman in Smallville as Barnabus Collins, and other questionable casting decisions like that that would reduce this beloved but ill-fated classic to a teeny-bopper status. I have heard rumblings that there may be such a revival in the works and I fear it more than I feared Angelique when I was a child.   In short, definitely pick this up but be aware that it leaves you hanging pretty badly.       