 When I got my hands on the original Metroid and it took me 20 hours to complete I was ecstatic. I love it when a game really earns my money in its length, and the sequel definitely earned my $50 as well, but there is a problem... This is the longest Metroid I have ever played, and unfortunately there wasn't enough story to keep it going for the 15 hours longer this installment took me to beat it. That's not to say the game gets boring, far from it, but you do start to ask, "How much longer is this going to take? For me? 15 hours more than the original.   Now it is true that you can rush through it, and skip on weapons and items upgrades, but believe me, like the original, you will want everything when you face down with the 2nd to last boss of the game. Even with all 255 ammo upgrades, and 255 missiles, you will still likely deplete your ammo supply before ending the Emperor Ing's first phase.    There's another area of debatable improvement. Metroid Prime is harder than the original. Some of that difficulty comes artificially; the beam weapons require ammo (thanks a lot you whiney Halo fans) worse yet the ammo can only be replenished is certain conditions are met (IE to get light beam ammo you have to kill with the dark beam.) I did not like this addition to the game. I spent far too much time hunting down ammo and not enough time playing. This game is NOT a first person shooter, it's a first person adventure, and people need to remember that so we don't end up with flaws like that again.   By this point you probably think I hate the game. To the contrary I love it, it's just that the game has left me feeling exhausted. To go that kind of time in a well written deep RPG is one thing, but about 20 hours into the game you're out of stuff to scan, and wander for 15 hours more collecting the upgrades and not much else. Never the less the perfectly balanced first person adventure style action that the original introduced is back with, with an easy to use lock on system, a ton of nifty gadgets (including a perfectly executed 3D screw attack) a great (albeit short) story, and some pretty creepy environments and visuals.    This game didn't give me nightmares, but did manage to give me the hebejibees a few times, and a few monsters managed to get me to jump as well, quite an accomplishment, and a much-appreciated addition to the series. I loved the light world/dark world thing (even though they're borrowing that theme from A Link to the Past) and Dark Samus was great... Come on we know she's the Metroid Prime from the original. Anyone else remember the secret ending? Yeah.    Aside from the game not having enough story to compliment its overall length the vast areas to explore are so strikingly beautiful, and massive that it will take a great deal of time to get bored with what you're looking at. Water effects are a lot better than the previous installment, and the game bare no frame-rate drops, and almost no aliasing running at 480p. It would have been nice to have a true wide screen presentation though.  My favorite addition is that for the first time in a long time there are new weapons, and armor. Most Metroid games its Varia and Gravity suit, this one introduces the dark and light suit, and both are awesome. I also loved the annihilator beam. It was great to blast things to pieces like nothing, but it does burn away your ammo pretty quick, again, this is a first person adventure, why do we need ammo?   The Metroids in this game were also a lot creepier and intimidating than the last one, though not much harder to kill. I loved the look of the monsters in this title; Retro did a great job with the overall design of the landscapes and creatures of the game.   Definitely pick this title up, its a worthy successor to the original, just be warned, it is longer, and you need to be prepared for the moment that the story just kind of drops off the face of the earth until the end of the game.     