 I recall one summer when a friend brought over a game I hadn't heard of to play on the SNES that I was borrowing. Essentially it was the game that made me aware that there was more to Square than Final Fantasy and made me a fan of all their work. That game was Secret of Mana. What I didn't know then was that it was actually the sequel to a GameBoy title Final Fantasy Adventure. The name change from Sword of Mana to Final Fantasy Adventure seemed to be solely to ensure strong sales. I never played the original but loved Secret of Mana so much that when Square announced that Sword of Mana would be remade with an unchanged title I was excited. Mainly because Secret of Mana was something of an amazing game, a perfect ten in every way for its era, and the follow-up, Legend of Mana... well... let's pretend we never suffered through that disaster. I had high hopes for Sword of Mana. Game play wise it plays a lot like Secret of Mana, thankfully, and it has an intriguing (albeit somewhat childish) storyline. I love the story behind the game, though it's disappointing that Square-Enix opted to rename the Shadow Knight "Dark Lord". Its kind of hard to identify with the villain when they delve into his history and why he's doing what he's doing when he has such a sill name that screams "bad guy"... Even Dark Knight would have been a better name. This game also does what Legend of Mana didn't in that you can see where it ties to its sequel Secret of Mana. It's a blast to play. This game contains some of the best graphics I've seen for the GBA as well, although there are times where the frames rate seems to stutter a bit, but it doesn't hinder game play. The music isn't as memorable as other square efforts but it's not bad either. All in all this game makes me yearn for a remake of Secret of Mana for GBA... and lets also hope that we'll see the never domestically released Mana 3 for the system as well. With Square Enix fully supporting the GBA this system is set to rock the handheld market (which is already dominated by Nintendo anyway). But it is so nice to have Square back.     