 I have always loved Mega Man, but have never been able to own the entire series. My copies of Mega Man 1-3 disappeared over time, and I was never able to get 4-7, never even got to play 6, and then I got 8 for my PS 1, which eventually got used to trade toward something else (a move I regretted). When Capcom announced Mega Man Collection my response was a mix of "YAY" and "It's about time!"   There is not a Mega Man game from the main series that isn't at least good, if not great, and I've been having a blast playing through all the classics, especially since Atomic Planet and Capcom took the time to polish the titles. The original NES was too weak to be able to properly handle these games without some technical problems. While some could be taken advantage of (Such as the elec beam glitch in the first Mega Man which allowed you to make short work of the games most difficult battles) most dragged the original games presentation down significantly. There is no slowdown, or flicker in any of these ports. Not only that but they bumped up the resolution too. Don't get me wrong, these games are not graphical marvels al la Campcom's Resident Evil 4, but they are not only a collection of the ten greatest Mega Man games ever created, but the best versions of those games ever released. Additionally the remixed music is awesome, the navi mode helps the games instead of hurting them, and the bonus material (especially on the GameCube version of the game) is both fun and informative. Fans of the Mega Man Anime will want to pick up the PS 2 version for the anime episode it contains, though mega man die hards will likely already have the Mega Man DVD sets, and won't be gaining anything from it. Fans interested in the making of and history of Mega Man may be more interested in the GCN version, which features interviews with the series creator. These of course, must be unlocked, and with the glitch fixing that went on that won't be easy. No more taking advantage of the elec beam glitch, its not there. Good luck getting past the Yellow Devil, the Clone, and Dr. Wily now! These games will challenge you in ways that few games do anymore. Kudos to Capcom, and thank you for a compilation that is long overdue! Thank you to Atomic Planet for fixing a lot of the annoying bugs in the games (although I liked the elec beam glitch, oh well.) I highly recommend this collection for all gamers, as the collection is large enough (including two never before domestically released Mega Man Fighter games) to have something for everyone, and the price is simply too good to be true for such a huge collection. The GCN version is the better version over all as it loads much faster, and has no slow down or flickering at all. The PS 2 version does have some slow down, but it doesn't affect game play very often. I also preferred the bonus material of the GCN version. The only advantage the PS 2 version has is the control scheme. The GCN has a great controller for most next gen games, but has always been a bit awkward in fighters, and old school retro games. It will take some getting used too, and it would have been nice to have an option to let you change the button configuration. A should be the jump button with B being the single shot button. It is awkward, but after a bit of adjusting works just fine. In all, I recommend the GCN version with my only real complaint is that most of the older games still have that black bar on the left side of the screen, and the titles never even filled a 4X3 screen before, let alone a 16X9 (slightly stretched out of course.) I also am disappointed they did not include Progressive Scan, but the resolution is still very good for a collection of 8 and 16 bit games. It's surprisingly very smooth.     