 In 1996 I picked up a game made by an unheard of developer called Silicon Knights. The game was the epic Blood Omen: The Legacy of Kain. Since then Silicon Knights have been my developer simply because of the brilliance behind the story, and while Crystal Dynamics have done a decent job with Kain since, none of the current stories light a candle to the original.   It has been four years in development, and Eternal Darkness has been well worth the wait. I have only spent a few hours with this game, but what I have played so far is a refreshing experience literally all its own. This game cannot be compared to Resident Evil at all. Walking dead aside this game bares no resemblance to the survival horror genre. Co-developed by Nintendo the game has a Nintendo style of game play that is ingenious, beautiful, smooth, and brilliant.  The graphic are not on par with Resident Evil, but yet is still breath taking, and it is one of the better-looking GCN games. But this game was never about graphics anyway. With Silicon Knights it's never about graphics, but an intriguing story line of epic proportions. Despite the low polygon character models the subtlety of the games details is amazing. Small things like a floor filled with screaming faces are both disturbing, and appreciated. Too bad Capcom never thought that one up.   The best part of this game is the sound. This is the best sounding game I have ever heard on any game on any console. Resident Evil has the best Graphics; Eternal Darkness has the best sound. The music isn't much to sing songs of praise about, but the ambience of the game, and the way things sound distant when they're in the background... the amazingly realistic sound effects... and dare I mention the voice acting? So far I swear I have heard the voices of Simon Templeman (known for his role as Kain, playing Pias Augustas) Rene Aburjonis (SP?) (Best known as Odo in DS9, but also Janus Aldron in the recent Legacy of Kain games) and possibly Michael Bell (Knows for his role as Raziel). I'm not sure on this because I have not seen the cast, but its nice to hear voices that I know and love behind this game. The voice acting, aside from Alex's fake sounding crying, is on par with Legacy of Kain, probably because of the voice actor's selected for the game. Simply one of the best.  The most interesting thing about this game is the packaging. The fact that this game is developed by Silicon Knights is in fine print. Nintendo is making it very clear this very M rated video game is a Nintendo game, and considering that Nintendo themselves co-developed it its a claim that they are entitled to. I was aware that Silicon Knights was a Nintendo Second Party, but from the looks of it, SK may have been made a part of Nintendo, much like EAD, HAL, and R&D, which would be a brilliant move on Nintendo's part. SK could single handedly target the adult audiences that Nintendo is making an extra effort to obtain. I have a feeling this won't be the last Nintendo made M rated title. I hope it will be the first of a new trend because this game so far was well worth the wait... especially when the weird things start happening.     