    There's a lot of great characters in X-Men tossed to the waste side by others that I really could care less about (IE Moonstar never getting a real spotlight when Gambit and Colossus are constantly wasting paper... and they brought Colossus back only to waste more paper!) When I plugged this game in to discover that one of those more obscure "New Mutants" characters was the lead character I was very excited. Although Alison (Magma) is not one of my favorites the fact that she is being acknowledged in an X-Men game gives me hope that some of the great unknowns of the Marvel Universe may get their fifteen minutes after all (Come on Moonstar!) Its an expansive world to be sure, and you always have to have Wolverine, Cyclops, Rogue, Storm, Beast, Ice-man, Angel (Warren Worthington III), and Jean Grey but we could stand to do without paper wasters like Bishop, Gambit, and Colossus. It's refreshing to be sure, to see some more variety in characters.  Rogue has only recently been being used more in the games, Psylocke has seen plenty of action in the past tough, but its good to have her around, but what makes this installment of the X-men series really special is that this is the first and only time I have been able to play as my kid sister's role model Jubilee. I've missed her terribly in the comics, and I was relieved to not only have her in this game, but also have her on my team.    So far this game has done two major things right, an excellent story, and a diverse cast that doesn't force you to rely on other people's favorite paper wasters. My team often consists of Jean, Wolverine, Rogue and the ever-handy Ice Man.   The game play is also darn right perfect for an action RPG. Level ups are not spaced too far, the action is quick paced, puzzle solving is not overly complicated, and many missions have multiple outcomes depending on what you can and can't accomplish. I also really enjoyed the danger room feature. Best of all is how powerful the X-Men can get the more they level up. It's tempting to at least level up high enough to fill in all the dots on their character sheets.    Voice acting, however, is so-so. The actor playing Wolverine is no Mark Hammel, but performs surprisingly well regardless. Jean is well done, as is Beast, but Night crawler, Cyclops, Mystique, and especially Storm leave a lot to be desired. Patrick Stewart sadly sounds bored in his role and Alison sounds way to perky and often irritating.    The biggest disappointment about this game is its graphics. It was obvious that this title was not given the budget it deserved. There is no lip movement, facial details are scare, and in game cut scenes are nearly non-existent making this the least cinematic RPG I have played this generation. Being that this is an X-men game the lack of detail is highly disappointment.    Despite the disappointing graphics, and voice acting this is definitely the best X-men game to date, and I am looking forward to the sequel, though I do hope for improved detail, facial animations, and in game cut scenes, and the like. Definitely pick this one up, though if your sticky about graphics don't expect much.     