 If there is a game series that is actually capable of sending a shiver up my spine by its name alone its Silent Hill. I remember being so creeped out by the original that I had to set it down only to pick it up a year or so later to finish it, and as pathetic as I may seem I still have nightmares from the original game, and while the second wasn't as creepy now I have the third to leave emotional scars on me, and for that I must say thank you Konami!  As an avid horror fanatic I am always looking forward to new horror games, especially those with the titles that are known to be good. I must admit that both Resident Evil 0 and Silent Hill 2 were mildly disappointing for me as neither generated the kind of lasting scares that their predecessors achieved. When I first saw Silent Hill 3 my first reaction was "wow." Not only did it seem almost on par with the Xbox Silent Hill 2: Restless Dreams, but it had surpassed Resident Evil on the art style side. I became so excited that I was starting to have nightmares again.  Finally Silent Hill 3 hit shelves, this is the first installment of the series that I didn't get used, or as a "greatest hits" title, and I'm very broke at the moment. It was well worth the money.   Silent Hill 3 doesn't quite reach the levels of creepy that the original had, but it comes pretty close, and with its superb graphics it surpasses the original in many ways. The game's story is a lot less convoluted than the second, not that the story of Restless Dreams was bad, far from it, but it was confusing at times. This time around it seems that the story was a major focus, and therefore is much clearer. One moment I liked was when Heather went to pull an object out of a dirty toilet then had an offside to the "audience" about how sick and wrong that is and how she wouldn't do it, poking fun of Silent Hill 2's wallet in the toilet. The game ties together the first two games (finally) and the overall story of this evil town is starting to come to light. I won't go into details, but lets just say that I am very eager for a fourth game, there's a lot more to be done, I think.  There are a few areas that need improvement however. This game looks great for a PS2 title, however the Xbox Silent Hill 2, and the GameCube Resident Evils still look better over all from a technical standpoint, mostly in that the images are more stable, less grainy, and feature a much higher resolution. However, this game does surpass the aforementioned titles stylistically. I only wish that this had been made for Xbox. Granted it made me glad I have a PS 2 for a change, but with as good as it looks it bugs me thinking about how much better it could have been on a more powerful machine. The PS2 controller is perfect for this type of game, however. Another area that needs to be improved is the camera. Survival horror games have been plagued with tank like movement for a long time. SH2 was one of the few to at least offer a "2D" option for those of us who like to run away with ease. However the often-awkward camera movement doesn't do the best job tracking Heather in the "2D" mode. That's not saying that the "3D" tank movement is an acceptable alternative. I'd much rather have Konami focus on improve the camera tracking for future installments. I also still miss the shadow babies and the demon children of the original. It seems that Silent Hill's only main stay is the demon nurses, as the fog of the previous installments seems to have cleared up some.   Two things I'd like to see with this series, 1st better camera tracking and an engine geared to moving in the direction you press rather than the pivoting press up to move of yore, and a remake of the original with at least SH 3 quality graphics. While 2 was decent, 3 brought us back to the thoroughly grotesque images that haunted us for months (and in my case years) after playing through the original. Like the original I have had to play with the lights on, and my nightlight keeps me warm while I hide under the covers after playing.  Horror fans everywhere, drop what you're doing and get this game now!     