 There are occasions when a fanboy has to fall on the floor laughing. PS fanboys celebrated when Final Fantasy went to Playstation, and now Nintendophils have something to celebrate. Sega was the first to accuse Nintendo of catering to children, and Sonic was the mascot "bad boy" that they were using to target the teens. Back then nobody bought the Nintendo only for kids garbage the way they do now (Excpet people who actually own a Nintendo system and know better. We forgive the ignorant media though.)  Sonic was used to wage a war against Mario, a war that Sonic eventually lost. Nintendo and Sega were once very bitter rivals, both offering a decent system (the SNES being the better of the two but some Genisis games were still great.) But eventually Sega spent too much time on developing new machines and selling them at prices noone could afford and thier reputation went downhill. Playstation slaughtered the Saturn, and Sega all but vanished until the beauty that was the Dreamcast. The DC was a great machine with some amazing games and could have revived Sega if it weren't for some poor advertising and marketing.  Considering the biter rivalry between Mario and Sonic, the hedghog landing in the GCN is perhaps the most ironic event since the Nintendo-Square break up. Not only that, but that Sega is offering Nintendo quite a line up from here on out as well! The game itself is far from graphically impressive, as it is only slightly enhanced from the Dreamcast version, however this game is so much fun that everyone should buy it! The problem I have with it is that I have never been good at Sonic games, and playing as the Sonic team I can't even clear the first stage. Playing as Dr. Eggman's (formerly Dr. Robutnick, I don't know why they changed the name) team I got much further. I do have a complaint about Rouge's fetch quests though. Each time you die (and you will) the item placement changes which can make the levels frusterating at times. There is one part where you have a five minute time limit to fetch a series of Choas Emeralds, a feat which I wonder if it is even acievable because there is no time to check the hints screens that are afloat, and the radar doesn't really held to determine which of the four floors the emeralds are. The stages that are the most fun are hands down Sonics and Shadows as both are lightning quick and the camera has been tweaked for much better performance than the DC version. There is no slowdown, no framerate drops, and aside from a couple of parts being too difficult for me (but mind you I suck at Sonic games) this game is great. Don't hesitate to buy it.     