  Anyone questioning how powerful the DS is has a relatively good answer now. The original Resident Evil on the DS holds its own pretty well on the handheld with clean graphics, slightly improved over the original. Basically, on the small screen, the game resembles the N64 RE2. But those of you who are not interested in retro gamming may not exactly be excited about yet another port/remake of the original RE. It's not the masterpiece that the GCN version is, and what was scary a decade ago about this game is laughable now. To be truthful, aside from a couple of DS exclusive puzzles, and the knife fights, and a couple of much needed tweaks to the interface Deadly Silence really doesn't offer anything new or innovative so the motivation for picking this title up has got to be entirely about reliving the cheese-fest that was the original PS Resident Evil.  The game is fun, as it always was, but doesn't light a candle to its GameCube counterpart. In fact, the original live action fmvs are included, intact, as is the original horrible voice acting (the only element of the game that really is scary). Ever wonder what all the hoopla about the "master of unlocking" is? Well now's your chance to wince in pain as the dialogue passes through the DS speakers into your unsuspecting ear. But that's where the fun lies. We can use this game to remember how far the survival horror genre really has come over the years, and more importantly, we finally have a Resident Evil handheld game that isn't completely unplayable (Unlike RE: Gaiden).   My only gripe really is that this game is the original RE... Again. I picked this up only because I want RE games on handhelds that are good, and also because you can't resist an old favorite on a handheld. It means there's actually time to play it. It's also the reason that I've picked up the re-releases of Final Fantasy for the DS/GBA despite having their PS1 counterparts. I have more time for handhelds.   Even though there are nearly as many ports of RE2, I think that one would have been a better choice to port to the DS. Mainly, it's voice acting (while still bad) isn't nearly as horrid as RE1, and it didn't have the glory of being remade into a masterpiece of gaming for a newer console like RE1 did, basically playing RE2 would feel more natural, since I don't have memories of significantly better graphics and dialogue to contend with.    In all REDS is a fun addition for the DS library for a handful of reasons. It is the first M rated title for the DS, making it a milestone of sorts. It's a classic, it's so bad it's funny, but still retains enjoyable game play and even has a few new surprises up its sleeves. I just hope Konami sees how good this turned out and brings Silent Hill to the handheld as well.     