 Some games scare you by surprise (Resident Evil), others by what you can't see (Silent Hill), some games play with your mind (Eternal Darkness) and some games scare you by the fact that its based on a true story...  I know a lot of people don't believe in ghosts, but I have had the misfortune of living in a haunted house twice in my life. My experiences were not pleasant by any means, and so for the first time in my life there's a game that not only scares me, but makes me entirely uncomfortable to the point where I cannot play this game alone. It's not as gory as other games in the genre, but it plays of off my fear of ghosts as being a very real phenomenon very well. It's creepy, its spooky, and many of the ghosts in this game do not go down easily, thus presenting a greater challenge than other Survival Horror games, as its not a simple matter of shooting the ghost before it gets to you, or bashing the fiend to death with a lead pipe... these things are as fast as they are creepy looking, and worse yet... its based on a true story.   Graphically, although enhanced over the PS 2 version this game does not take advantage of the Xbox, as it should have. It does not look good on my Widescreen TV as images look somewhat stretched. Most Xbox games I have make the conversion pretty smoothly, including Taco's Dead or Alive 3,and Extreme Beach Volleyball. Worse yet, although the poly-counts are high, and look really good in some ways the lack of detail in the fingers (and the lack of fingernails) is annoying. Particularly since the character faces look so good. The biggest problem is that some of the in game graphics are grainy, and there is this odd effect that causes some colors to smear and blend poorly, as well as pixilation in some textures. This game looks like a port, and is nowhere near as polished as other horror games ported to Xbox (Silent Hill 2). Despite some enhancements this game could have been improved more in many areas. Never the less leave it to my Widescreen TV to bring out flaws that would most likely not be noticeable on a regular TV.   Sound effects and music in this game are a part of what make this game so terrifying. Creepy, and intense the sound effects deserve a perfect score except... the voice acting in this game is simply ghastly. The voice-overs range from mediocre to poor, which is sadly typical of this genre. Never the less none of the flaws interfere with the truly terrifying experience, or the appeal intrigue of this true story. Just trust me, and don't play this game alone. Even with the lights on its still ultra scary.     