 I have been waiting for this game ever since I unlocked the final secret of the original on Sega's now dead Dreamcast system. Soul Calibur was the game that convinced me that I had to get Sega's machine, I was not a Sega fan before then, as such when I learned that Soul Calibur 2 was in the works for the next generation consoles I was ecstatic. When I initially heard about it, it seemed that the Nintendo GameCube was getting the game, shortly afterward it was revealed that all three systems were getting their own version of the game, and that each one was being built from the ground up for that system, and that each one would have its own special guest star. I'll be honest, as far as graphics and sound goes the Xbox version takes the cake, not that the GameCube version or even the PS2 version are slouches though. All three look great, but the Xbox has the cleanest textures, and the highest polygon counts of the three. Namco did a great job utilizing the individual strengths of all three consoles. As usual the PS2 version doesn't quite hold up to the other 2, but it still looks great. So then it's a matter of controls. All three controls work great, but the PS2 version is the easiest and takes the least time to get used to. The GCN version takes the most getting used to, but once you've adjusted you can whip out powerful combos and one hit kills like no tomorrow. The Xbox s-type controller also works great, but the standard Xbox controller just doesn't work for this one as the buttons are too close together for me. So which one should you get? So many strengths and weaknesses of all three versions? Well that's up to you. All three versions are great. For me the deciding factor was that Link is in the GCN version and I think that playing as Link appealed more to me than playing as Spawn or Heihatchi. The GCN version is graphically superior to the PS 2 version, but not quite as sharp as the Xbox version. It runs in 480P Progressive Scan mode, and it looks great on my wide screen TV in wide screen mode. Only because of my character preference would I recommend the GCN version over the Xbox version, however. If you're a cross plat former the only reason to get the PS 2 version would be if you'd prefer the PS2 controller for this game, however the S-Type on Xbox will do just as well. I loved playing as Link though, so that's my recommendation, but whatever your preference, or system, get this game! Just don't expect it to have changed much from the original. In many ways I feel like I'm playing the exact same game. Sure there's a few new characters, but for the most part all the moves and game play mechanics are the same from the last game. Although it is still a blast, and a must have, it would have been nice to see noticeably new moves added, and more unique game play modes. Regardless it's still very worth the money.     