 Grant Morrison had a very controversial run on X-Men, Cyclops started cheating on Jean Grey with the evil White Queen, Xavier outed himself as a mutant, Genosha was destroyed, and the character Xorn turned out to be Magneto in disguise using the mutant enhancing drug Kick. The run ended with Jean Grey dead (again) and Wolverine slicing Magneto's head off decisively ending the X-men's long-standing war with Magneto once and for all, or so it seemed. It was great. It was full of twists and turns that no one saw coming. Then something terrible happened. Chris Claremont's Excalibur revival series. Now We have learned that because of poor writing and a sorry excuse for a plot the brilliant end to Grant Morison's run on X-men has been explained away with Magneto alive and well because the guy that was killed was an someone impersonating Magneto impersonating Xorn... Guess what folks, the story does not improve from there, and it is shallow, and hollow, and completely pointless. In the end Marvel should have left well enough alone.  Claremont's quality has slipped dramatically over the years, he spends too much time having characters needlessly explaining their powers or how they're using their powers, a job that is supposed to be handled by the artist who would do fine on his own, but with Claremont's poor writing it seems kinda redundant.  The characters that form this new Excalibur are not interesting either. Especially since the House of M will pretty much nuke most of the mutant life out of existence Claremont should have used existing popular characters like Night Crawler, Shadow Cat, or others that people actually care about. I can't even remember the names of half these people, and why is Magneto alive? Grant Morison's Planet X arch ended perfectly! There was no need to un do it. I'd really like to see Claremont turn over the reigns to someone else. Everything he writes hurts the X-men now, rather than keeping them cool. The X-books need to evolve, and they are not. I recommend avoiding the new Excalibur, although the original series was great this one is a complete waste of paper and the penciler's talent.      