    This review is going to be a bit different than perhaps what you'd expect, especially from me. I'd like to analyze Capcom's strategy here for a moment, as my feelings about this version parallel the GCN version quite closely...  but before I do that I would like to congratulate them on making this game as close to the original as they did. It may not look quite as good as the GameCube version, but its close enough that most people may not notice a difference without having it pointed out, and being that the PS2 is a technologically weaker system than the GameCube pulling this off must have been a nightmare, especially in only nine months.    Ironically Capcom corporate ordered Production Studio 4 to port this over. It was not something series creator Shinji Mikami wanted done. He made very clear that Nintendo was his system of choice when he declared that he would rather cut his own head off than port the game to another console. Once more the corporation trumps the desires of the artist, much to the delight of PS2 owners everywhere... who incidentally aren't buying this port.     The GCN version was expected to sell over a million copies, and during it's first three months it seemed that it would, but then something unexpected happened. Though the game debuted at # in January 1 on the sales chart and stayed there until the middle of March Capcom's premature announcement of a PS2 version with added content shot the sales of the game in the foot. Capcom's idea was "despite what our artists want we can make more money on the PS2". A Capcom representative posted in a blog I read that "Capcom has had enough of loosing money on Nintendo" and so the game came out to PS2... only to debut at #3, and to slip to # 4 in its sales. Why? Has the PS2 lost it's love for Resident Evil? Probably not, but let's examine the strategy.   1. Announce the game as an exclusive for a platform capable of realizing the artistic vision of the director.  2. Force said director to port it over to a system he is well known to hate, and force him to add additional content against his will.  3. Announce that a "better" version will hit said weaker system later on.  4. Be perplexed that people are now going to hold off on the purchase of said game until the "better" version comes out.  5. Launch the "better" version on a dying, weaker system just before the launch of a super powerful new Xbox 360, as well as an onslaught of highly anticipated new titles for Xbox and PS2.   6. Be surprised that the game isn't having strong sales... Let's take a look at what Capcom did wrong, shall we?  1. Never announce a directors cut 2 months in advance of the release of the original game.   2. Never launch said directors cut on a competing system without offering the original system and it's fans an alternative with the same features.  3. Never launch a port of an "older" game against the launch of a shiny new more powerful console.  4. Wouldn't have made more sense to have ported this to XBox 360, or even PS3 with improved the graphics, and sound, and then put in all the additional content on a version that could be universally improved? I imagine, were that done, and if the game were announced, say 5 months after the game debuted on the GCN, then perhaps Capcom could have the blockbuster hit that this gem of a game deserves to be for multiple platforms.   Regardless, I am highly impressed that the PS2 version looks as good as it does, I must confess I was skeptical of the system's ability to handle it, and while there is more aliasing, weaker, muddier textures, fewer polygons, cut scenes that have been converted to FMV rather than running off the game's engine, poorer lighting effects, and fewer particle effects the game absolutely still holds up the to GCN version, as these minor details are indeed minor differences, and the PS2 version offers a true Wide screen mode (removed from the GCN version at the last second so that it could be a PS2 exclusive feature). Thankfully the GCN version does still offer progressive scan mode, and if your TV can zoom in while in progressive scan you won't notice any disadvantages compared to the PS2 version. Additionally I have the old PS2, the original unit that does not do either wide screen or progressive scan, so the PS2 "upgrades" do me no good.    In closing great job on the port Capcom! Awesome job! Nevertheless, I do feel ripped off not having Separate Ways for my GameCube, and I am perplexed as to why PS2 would receive the port and not the more logical choice of having a fully and truly enhanced experience in a "directors cut" launching with the Xbox 360 rather than on a dying platform. Update: RE4 for PS2 is continuing to decline in sales and has dropped to # 9 in the US.  Update: The PS2 version has fallen off the top 10 in the sales charts just about a month after its release.      