 Pardon the pun but its still refreshing to me to see a talented young woman in the pop industry who has plenty of coverage... meaning someone who does not feel the need to promote their music with useless promiscuity and tasteless and often offensive overly revealing clothing (or lack thereof). I've always been impressed with Mandy Moore, (I have commented on it before) as she is both beautiful, and sexy without showing much. I enjoy having a good wholesome role model out there, but I'll get off my soap box before I start ranting about the 100 reasons why Mandy Moore is light years better than 90% of the current pop stars out there, and why its a shame that Mandy does not have a larger fan base.  On to the CD. This album is technically the fifth (if you count the Walk to Remember Soundtrack) from Mandy, and while the soundtrack for the aforementioned film remains her finest work this album is indeed better than anything else that has come out of the pop industry this last year that I have heard, and best of all the CD is more than reasonably priced. No more can KaZaA fans justify piracy by complaining about the price. The CD comes one of two ways, either the CD by itself for a measly $10.00 on average, or with a special half hour DVD that is very informative and interesting, but not what I had hoped for $15 on average. The price is low, but the quality for the album itself is very high, oddly enough these are some of the best songs to reach my ears in a good long while, ironic that each and every single last one of them is a remake from our "parent's generation." What does that say about the state of the music industry when the Best CD on the market right now is a coverage album? Pretty sad isn't it? While one could interpret this album as a statement about the state of the industry its not, Mandy merely wanted to share some of her favorite oldies with the world, hoping that people our age group could reflect on the older music with a new respect for our musical heritage, rather than making fun of it all the time. What this did to me was cause me to realize that in many ways our parents had it better than we do. I was particularly fond of Moon shadow, as simple as the song is it's become a favorite, its catchy, and sweet. Another personal favorite is Have a Little Faith in Me, which is probably the most modern sounding of the songs on this CD. There's a couple of songs that sound a bit too old for my taste but over all this is an excellent collection of remakes that I think most music fans should enjoy. I highly recommend it; though I am still waiting for that revolutionary Mandy Moore CD that I hope will someday come out and change the face of pop music forever without her shedding her wholesome image.     