 In Kindergarden I remember them telling us how Dinosaurs were all giant unintelligent lizards. (I'm only 22, so you can imagine my suprise at recent discoveries.) People actually thought that Dinosaurs were giant lizards, infact the name Dinosaur translates to Terrible Thunder Lizard. I had envisioned a world where giant lizards would roam the earth doing nothing really interesting. Despite this we all have a facination with Dinosaurs that stems from not knowing what they were really like. Jurassic Park changed the way a lot of people saw Dinosaurs. Palentologists now theorize that Dinosaurs were closer to birds than Lizards, which changes the way that they would move, the way that they would sound... everything. Jurrasic was the first movie to incorporate many of those recent discoveries into the movie, and it was learning about these things that really made Jurassic Park the experience that it was for me.  The problem is that I read the book prior to seeing this movie and I was dissapointed that the movie was similar to the book in spirit and in characters alone. Aside from having the same characters this movie is nothing like the book, nothing. It does maintain the spirit of the book, characters that are easily likeable, and big huge ultra realistic looking dinosaurs. As a frachise Jurassic has been the only movie series to have consistantly convincing CGI characters, and full scale robots that look and move like real animals, and can kill those they are "acting" with. I was blown away by the movie's visual effects, and I still am.  This movie may not be the best movie of all time, but it is certainly one of my favorites simply because of the technical accomplishments of the film. The book is much better story wise, but the movie does maintain the fell of the book, I just wish that it hadn't changed the story so Jurassically (hehe.)  As far as special features on this disk go, there is just about everything a DVD lover could want, a fun and informative making of featurette, story boards, pages from the script, and a whole lot more. This movie would be worth paying [$] for, but thankfully you can get it for [$]. It is well worth the price.     