 A mess. I have found out that this film was apparently based on a novel, I would recommend without reading it to stick with the novel. Seeing this movie was my wife's idea, and I was reluctant simply because I had heard nothing about this movie (good or bad) and didn't know what it was. I wanted to see Hellboy, now I wish I had, even if it meant letting my wife trod off to see this disaster by herself.   It seems that the idea behind the movie was to parody fairy tales, offering a sort of "Cinderella with a twist" sort of tale. Many elements of the parody seem ripped from the drastically better "Shrek" including the oppression of mystical creatures, elves, Ogres, etc seemed very reminiscent of Lord Farquad's activities in the first Shrek. The big difference between Ella Enchanted and Shrek is that Ella Enchanted is not really funny. I found myself rolling my eyes, smacking my forehead, and playing Mystery Science Theater despite my wife's slugging me very hard in the arm. Sadly the only laughs this movie garnered from the audience were when I did my Simon Cowell impersonation and commented on Ann Hathaway's song and dance routine. This movie wants to be Shrek, meets Cinderella, meets A Knights Tale, but lacks the humor and subtlety of Shrek, the intrigue of a good Cinderella (al la Ever After) and the charm of A Knights Tale. In short, this is the worst interpretation of Cinderella I have ever seen. I cannot comment on the book from which this movie draws its inspiration, but I can say that this film certainly offers little incentive to actually read it. My wife liked it, but mentioned its not a buy worthy movie. I would think that the only audience who might like to buy this film (Pardon my generalizing)would be 13-year-old girls (probably the film's target audience). The film contains a hunky guy whose perfect in every way, IQ-taxing humor, and poor special effects along side a cheesy stereotypical "Cinderella" romance story that only a 13-14 year old girl (or younger) could enjoy. The film contains nothing for older audiences, and nothing for well... guys... And that's okay, there's plenty of guy movies out there (like Hellboy). The rest of us would have to fight the urge to Play Mystery Science Theater and mock this film. An urge I could not resist. (Rubbing sore arm.)     