 I have grown up with X-Men, Rogue, and Wolverine are my two favorite comic characters. I have over 30 years worth of back issues, and I am still hunting down issues I have yet to get.   Good X-Men games have been few and far between, however. Sega had two great ones, the Super Nintendo had a half decent one by Capcom, and of course ever since then every game with the X-Men label was a fighter game, which is kind of sad because I'd love to have a 3D action, or platform, or even RPG with the X-Men license. The Capcom fighters have all been great, fast, furious button crunchers with great collision detection, sensitive blocking, and over all tight control. Activision's "Mutant Academy" series has been pretty lackluster in comparison, but the series' third installment showed a great deal of promise.  I had ruled out the PS2 version some time ago, the decision was between the XBox version, and the GameCube version, meanwhile I had been reading many unfavorable or lukewarm reviews of both versions. Eventually the GameCube's extensive game play options won me over. The GCN version has things like Time Attack mode and such not found in the Xbox version, while the Xbox version has one character not available in the GameCube version... ultimately I shouldn't have bothered... The games graphics are downright horrible... These are not the X-Men! Even worse, Patrick Stewart's Professor X aside, the voice acting is so terrible I cringe... even play with the sound on my TV muted! These are not my X-Men! I wonder how hard it would have been to hire the voice actors from the original cartoon series like Capcom did? More importantly, collision detection is sub par, blocking is futile because no matter how hard you hold back you'll take the beating, and this aint no button masher! You must enter precise movements to get anything to work, something that seems archaic in today's fighters.   Don't get me wrong, this games a step in the right direction for Activision's series, but it's not that big of a step. While its better than the previous Mutant Academy games it still... [falls short]. Whether you have a PS 2, XBox, or a GameCube steer clear of this one. Like Star Wars, good X-Men games are few and far between. At best, be smarter than I was and rent this game first.     