 Silent Hill has always been about intriguing stories, horrific monsters, and disturbing imagery similar to Jacob's Ladder, the film that arguably inspired the series. Silent Hill 1 may have had some issues as far as control style, but revolutionized the Survival Horror Genre which was already getting stale at the time of it's release as we had been bombarded with director's cuts of director's cuts of director's cuts of various Resident Evil games. It was the first game ever to succeed in forcing me to sleep with the light on. SH 2 wasn't quite as scary, but was still creepy, and disturbing, and had a great story to back it up. Silent Hill 3 was utterly terrifying, albeit short. And so now we have Silent Hill 4...   The puzzles are uninspired, the monsters look like something out of a coloring book and are scarce, and don't leave me feeling threatened, or frightened. The storage box thing really makes me mad. Its something we all hate about Resident Evil, so why did Konami adapt it? Not only that but you cannot stack items. (Combining two boxes of bullets into one, in example). The save system requires you to retreat back to your room for the only save spot in the game.    In your room you're supposed to be able to spy on the girl next door (whose hardly home, or when she is just sits on her bed staring into space) not much that's noteworthy occurs gazing out of your peephole either.   It's also of note that boss battles are few and far between, and with as easy as these monsters go down, one could say non-existent. I never got killed at all playing through this game.    Although the story is very good the game itself is not. The game is so easy that it borders on boring. There's nothing intense or scary about this title either. This would have made a better Japanese horror flick, as the story is superb, but it's just not that scary. Even my wife has been able to watch this, and she cringes at the thought of previous Silent Hills (which also gave her nightmares, and she is not a horror fan). Were it not for the story I would have quit this one long ago.   Graphically the game is a mixed bag. Textures look good; polygon models are not as good as SH3. There's a lot of aliasing, even on the Xbox version, and there is no progressive scan or wide screen support, an absolute must for my TV, especially since my Xbox has locked itself in a progressive scan signal, which won't allow my TV's zoom functions to work while the Xbox is playing games. (I can adjust movies just fine though.) The game therefore is stretched across my TV screen making characters look unnaturally fat. Had Konami implemented some kind of Wide screen support this wouldn't look as bad. Xbox is by far the most capable of such a feature, why not spend the extra few $$ to get this done so that the presentation can at least look good?   I was actually looking more forward to SH 4 than Resident Evil 4 as I personally have felt in the past the SH had more artistic intrigue than RE. Now I find their roles reversed, having played the demo for RE 4, and having played through SH 4's dull monsters, lame puzzles, and idiotic save and item management system I wish I had just saved my money. I am now worried that Silent Hill 5 could continue this trend of fixing things that weren't broken, and making the series worse. Only play this one for the story (which is very good). You may want to consider just renting this one though.     