 It's bad enough that Electronic Arts let me down so much with its license "Two Towers" game. The graphics were poor, considering the standards set by many graphical feats like Resident Evil, Silent Hill 3, and even the Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker. The sound could have been better, and the game was very short, but was still fun to play. But to get a game based on the book that is such a tremendous let down? Good thing I got this game out of a bargain bin.   I will say that I personally feel that this games graphics were light years better than Two Towers, however, I prefer the artistic direction of the film and its licenses over the somewhat cheesy look of this video game. I must also comment that its hard for me to have to look at this games interpretations of the characters and not wish that Elijah Wood, and the other actors from the film were portraying these characters... but where this game is really going to get torn apart by me is its presentation of the story. As a long time fan of Lord of the Rings I am insulted by such a savage butchery of the story. I'm sorry but its true. Here's THE GAME that could have easily outshined the movie, it was licensed from the book, meaning they could have translated ever last detail of the novel to the book, but they didn't. The skipped past a lot of important events in the beginning, probably assuming that it would be too difficult to handle the big birthday bash... but you know what? A lot of RPG fans play for the story as well as the game play. Xenogears anyone? We sat through hours of text, and very few (that I know of) complained. This game had voice acting!   The game boasted that it would have all these intricate details (like Frodo beginning his quest on his birthday) that the movie forgot, how nice that they managed to forget a ton of important details themselves. The Council at Rivendale scene was so shorted and dumbed down it was pathetic. Its like the whole game was made just to toss Tom Bombadale out into the open... and even that was butchered. It seems to me that the experts working on the film trilogy did a much better job of making a visual interpretation of Tolkein's masterpiece than Vivindi Universal did.   Over I think I may like this game better than the Two Towers video game but only from the standpoint of being a fan of Action RPGs. On the other hand neither of the Lord of the Rings games light a candle to the book, or film that they are based on.  I sincerely hope that someday a developer will come a long who will take the license seriously, rather than just slapping a product together, slapping the popular label of Lord of the Rings on it and using it as an attempted cash cow. I am severely offended that the producers of this game spent so much time attacking the movies, yet managed to produce a product that is the biggest (...) job of a Lord of the Rings product since the cartoon Lord of the Rings from the 1970s. The movie did a much much better job. If you're a fan looking for a visual interpretation of the book, stick with the films. If I hadn't gotten this game out of a bargain bin I'd be really mad at myself for buying this game. Thankfully I paid so little for it that I might actually make a small profit were I to trade it in... But I won't because of its title.     