 Need more proof that Nintendo GameCube is indeed a powerful console? If you still think that XBox is the end all tell of video games, shame on you. Once more Capcom has put out a game of amazing beauty for the GameCube, once more they have given us a game containing better graphics than anything on XBox, and once more they manage to scare us half to death, and make us have a blast at the same time.  This game is not without faults, however. I play this game on a 27" GE TV. I guess because of the large screen (there are larger) I can see a lot more of the flaws that SOME, but not all of the game's cut scenes contain. Over all this game looks better than the RE-make released earlier this year, but there are some scenes that contain a jarring amount of aliasing (jaggies), which I firmly believe, could have been smoothed out better. On the other side of the coin there is not one hick up in the flow of the cinemas, where as the RE Make had occasional skipping in some parts of the game. I believe that neither flaw needs to exist, but neither the occasional jaggies, nor vinyl looking FMV sequences detract much from the enjoyability of RE 0 which is still a fantastic game.  The control is still an issue. While I agree that the control style is clunky, I am so used to it these days that it doesn't matter to me. I'll take this control style over the mouse & keyboard dual analogue control style that has been rearing its ugly head a lot of late. I also enjoyed the character swapping; it was smooth, with no additional loading like I feared it would need. It ads a lot to the game play.  I think that the ability to drop items anywhere is a double edge sword. On one hand its nice to be able to do that for an emergency when you need a really big gun and can't grab it because you have two herbs that are wasting space, or a brief case, or whatever... but I miss the item boxes where I could dump everything and be able to magically get it from another box further in the game. Having both would have been nice.   Over all RE 0 is a worthy addition to the Resident Evil Saga, and a welcome one at that. I still wish that they would completely remake RE 2, 3 and Code Veronica while they're at it. So far these GameCube Resident Evils have been phenomenal... I am eager to get my hands on part 4.     