 Before my GPS purchase, I considered a number of Magellan units in addition to some in the Garmin E Trex series. I finally  decided on the Garmin Map76. In addition to being relatively easy to use, I preferred the slightly larger screen of the Map76 over the other units.  Since I was purchasing the unit to use while sea kayaking, I found the screen on the Map76 was much easier to read in the sunlight than the smaller screens on the E-Trex models.  In addition, you can upload map data into this unit. (Although the unit includes a basemap, Garmin also manufactures a number of optional mapping products which cover roads, waterways and topographical features in more detail).  For kayaking, I use the optional BlueCharts which is essentially like having Nautical maps at your fingertips.  (These are sold by regions and tend to be a bit expensive however). The tide station/prediction feature on the Map76 was also an important deciding factor.  With this unit, you have the ability to get tidal predictions for virtually anywhere in the US at your fingertips. The Map76 often receives criticism on the low amount of memory for uploading map data.  The tradeoff however is that it also drains the battery power at a slower rate than those that boast more memory. (I also considered the GPS Map76S which has an added electronic compass and more memory, however after a trial use from a friend's, I found the Map76S unit to drain battery power far too quickly for my intended use. The Map76S was also about $100 more in cost). Although the Map76S was a slightly upgraded Map76, I didn't feel the extra features of the 76S were worth the added cost, especially with the faster rate of the battery drain. I've logged over 500 miles of sea kayaking with this unit and am very satisfied with its performance. I find the memory capability in the Map76 is adequate for uploading maps for day trips and the balance with the battery drain is also sufficient. Although it is waterproof, I highly suggest a transparent waterproof bag for using while kayaking to avoid salt water condensation corroding the battery leads. Garmin also offers toll free phone and email technical support for their units and software. This unit makes a great paddling partner.     