 With the acting expertise of only three actors and entirely set in a motel room, Richard Linklater presents an awesome adaptation of this one-act play. Linklater does an excellent job of creating a sense of claustrophobia and psychological drama in the motel room as the characters become sucked in by Ethan Hawke's character and ultimately involved in a triangular struggle of mental manipulation, control and competition of authenticity.  Once you get beyond the claustrophobia of the room, the viewer is then subjected to a form of mental claustrophobia. At times, it was very frustrating to see each of the characters struggling to communicate with each other. At times it seemed like they were all talking different languages to each other or weren't truly listening to each other. At other times it seemed as if each character simply had their own agenda. The movie makes it clear that we sometimes create our own mental prison. There were quite a few times, when the tense dialogue and emotional frustration between Hawke and Leonard got so uncomfortable that I wished Leonard's character would have just left the motel room...but then we would be left with no film! Ironically, his character has a few opportunities to leave, comes close on another occasion and on yet another occasion where he actually does get out the door, shortly returns!  The movie develops even further when Uma Thurman's character enters the room.  Tape does an exellent job at illustrating how one event can be perceived and interpreted differently by three individuals, each with their own emotional issues and baggage and individual ideas about how the world works, or is supposed to work. Is there one absolute truth or is each truth in the mind of the individual?    The dialogue between Ethan Hawke, Robert Sean Leonard, and Uma Thurman works well in vividly illustrating how the human psyche deals with intense feelings of envy, jealousy, pride and guilt. The acting of all three is magnificent.   Ethan Hawke's acting seems effortless in this film. In my opinion, this is one of his best roles and acting performances.     