 The added trailers and "extra's" on this version are great at helping us to remember it's only a movie, HOWEVER  this is one age old story of good vs evil which I don't believe will ever stop frightening people.  The images and special effects which appear very simple and basic in comparison to current hi-tech standards are still very shocking and will send chills down your spine and give you goosebumps. This movie will continue to scare because the fear produced is rooted deep within our own psyche.  The movie leaves you with images and thoughts which have the ability to transform your moments alone into a living hell.  It is a fear that goes far beyond what we can "see" with our eyes. The movie strikes the most primitive fears imaginable with graphic and sacreligious visual images and the bone chilling sound effects and musical score.  The added visual imagery of the almost subliminal  and fleeting death face will leave you asking yourself and others if you really saw  it.  In addition, the newly inlcluded scene of Reagan in a 'spider walk' down the staircase will again trigger those fears which are difficult to describe verbally but resonate deep within our psyche. Beyond the ability of the movie to scare the hell out of you (or into you),  the movie also seems to depict another basic  theme of the human search for answers to life's big questions.  The early sequence of the archeological dig in Iraq and the sequence of the adolescent Regan undergoing a series of neurological and medical tests to identify the "etiology" of her "illness" are classic illustrations of this.  From this movie, it appears the anwers to these questions regarding  the presence of good & evil forces and the nature of suffering cannot be unearthed in the archeology of the past or the  technology of the future.   These may continue to be questions which may never  be "answered or proven"...and maybe they aren't meant to be.  They may always be a matter of belief or faith and this movie is likely  to shake yours. It's recent re-release to the big screen has also yielded successful box office figures proving it one of the classic horror films of all time.     