 I am usually one who appreciates and welcomes change...when it's for the better. I was originally excited when I heard there was a harder rock edge on this project but unfortunately, the stylistic shift represented on this latest CD just doesn't have the energy to pump your adrenaline to the expected levels. It will do little to inspire or excite fans of the previous KWS band sound, even if they like their rock served with a harder edge. There are a few tracks which definitely sound like they could be Lenny Kravitz and in all honestly, if we want to hear Lenny Kravitz, we can buy a Kravitz CD.   On a positive note, Shepherd's guitar mastery is still evident throughout the project and we get to hear more of his own vocals with a stylistic shift to a harder rock sound. Although this appears to be a Shepherd solo project (He dropped the KWS "Band" designation and is billed as just KWS), Noah Hunt still manages to get his vocals in on a few tracks and that's also very refreshing. A collaboration with Kid rock also adds a little diversity and fun to the vocal and musical mix but isn't enough to make lemonade from this lemon of an album.   Is this new image and sound the direction of Kenny Wayne himself or producer Marti Fredrickson? It's not really clear.  I wholeheartedly agree with a previous reviewer's comments about producer Marti Fredrickson.  He already seems to have "exorcised" the blues from Jonny Lang, now he seems to have done it again with KWS.  Fredrickson is quickly developing a knack and reputation for taking talented young guitarists and turning their music into 'radio friendly, candy coated poo poo. We don't need any more candy-coated, cookie-cut rock and roll pop stars!  If he doesn't truly yearn to be a pop star, Shepherd will surely need to experiment a bit more before he gets it right. Track #5 is very ironic. It's called "I Ain't Selling Out". Keep Telling yourself that Kenny, find another producer and maybe THEN you can be in the place where you really want to be.   I agree with some of the other reviewers. Although this CD is not horrible, it offers nothing terribly exciting or groundbreaking. Since Shepherd is young and talented, to expect exciting and groundbreaking is not unreasonable. For those new to Kenny Wayne Shepherd, I highly suggest getting any of his other CDs before this one.       