 Don't expect Lang to be carrying the blues torch here, however the flame is not fully out.  Lang seems to be still finding his way and on this journey, he strays from his blues roots and is more focused on his songwriting and vocals which overshadow his guitar. This understating of his guitar comes to the dismay of many fans who have come to expect the same great guitar sound from previous releases.   Long Time Coming allows Lang to experiment in expanding his vocal and songwriting abilities while blending them into a diversity of musical styles. His songwriting, like his voice is maturing and the diverse selection of musical styles helps express the evolution of both. He co-wrote most of the songs on the CD with producer Marti Fredrickson. Luckily, with 15 tracks, the outstanding ones make up for the the ones which seem a bit too generic and do not add anything exciting to Lang's musical and vocal experimentation and development. I personally prefer the synergistic vitality reflected in Jonny's previous collaborative songwriting efforts with Kevin Bowe and Bruce McCabe.   Some highlights on this project are "If We Try" and "Get What You Give" which add a little funk to the collection and "Happiness and Misery" which fuses some good vocals into a very energetic musical blend with Steven Tyler on harmonica. I also really dig the r&b, neo soul sound on "Touch".  Lang also seems very natural covering Edgar Winter's "Dying to Live" but seems to struggle with his falsetto in a very respectable effort on Stevie Wonder's "Livin' for the City" which was recorded live at the City of Hope Concert at Universal Studios, CA in 2001.  Sadly, his stage band does not play on the CD and the energy on some of those songs which they perform live is lost. The band's keyboardist, Bruce McCabe, plays on one track and his single, "Irish Angel" is disappointingly not included on this CD.  Although Lang didn't write the first released single (Red Light), he sings it with a natural conviction that makes it his own. It's even more believable and passionate in concert. This is the theme song of young man who, in his early 20's, is already reflecting on where he's been and where he is. When the light turns green, it will be interesting to see where he's going.  Call me a purist but my favorite tune off this CD is the title track, Long Time Coming. Lang's vocals are heartfelt, jaggedly raw and reminiscent of some early Muddy Waters recordings. Whether Lang likes it or not, this is the bluesy sound that seems to flow so very naturally for him but the sound he (or maybe his record company?) seems to be somewhat fearful of being "boxed" into.  I don't think Lang need worry about being 'boxed' into anything. Although the blues seem to flow effortlessly for him, if he continues his musical journey with introspection, he is likely to generate a very promising and evolving collection of music to appease a diversity of vocal and musical tastes.      