 It's a ten day international slumber party and week of brainstorming and rehearsing at Sting's place!  The documentary portion starts with the international musicians arriving to Sting's Italian villa in the hills of Tuscany in preparation for a concert to be performed on his property on the eve of September 11th, 2001. This portion chronicles exactly how the concert came together and how Sting and the musicians he assembled for the project all worked together to reinvent and rework songs of his solo career and those from his days with the Police. The process is an interesting and vivid illustration of musical and creative Synchronicity in action. With the news of the tragic terrorist attacks of September 11th, 2001, the first part of the DVD turns out to be a time capsule which documents the fear and confusion of the day and a world changed forever. The meeting Sting has with his visiting musicians about whether they wish to proceed with the concert that they so enthusiastically and energetically rehearsed and planned is heartwrenching and gets very close to looking and sounding like group psychotherapy. The resulting concert (the second part of the DVD), although somewhat mellowed by the tragic events of that day becomes a musical healing process for this group of creative international artists and of a frightened and confused new world. The concert appropriately begins with Fragile. Although the melancholic mood fades somewhat as the band plays on, the energy levels just can't rise to a joyous and celebratory level. The musical synergy between all the artists, however is fantastic throughout. The concert ends up being a touching and intimate musical tribute to thousands who have died earlier in the day. All This Time DVD chronicles a creative and healing life process and the result is a mature, soothing, introspective, and 'jazzy' reinvention of Sting's music. If you must choose between the DVD and the audio CD, go for the DVD as the entire process is missed on the audio CD. The interest here is in the Journey, not the Destination.     