 This book is a collection of Gandhi's writings linked together by a biographer. The writings are taken from many different sources (including his autobiography) which I found produced a slightly disjointed reading experience.   I found his autobiography (called The Story of My Experiments with Truth) worked much better for me. In this book, which is written entirely in his own words, we join Gandhi on a journey of self-discovery as he relates experiences and learning lessons which were important during his life. His mission was to seek truth, which he achieved through conducting experiments on himself and then appraising the results.   Gandhi was one who never followed the crowd. He felt they didn't know where they were going. He preferred to trust his own judgement and soul, rather than blindly following other people or their beliefs. This did not mean he rejected all commonly held beliefs but he always cross-examined them fully before finally accepting them. He urges us not to follow him, rather to seek the truth for ourselves through our own experimentations. After all seeing is believing.   He found that uncovering the truth was not always popular as many people are resistant to change, preferring instead to maintain the existing status quo either because of inertia, self-interest or misguided beliefs. However once the truth is on the march nothing can stop it. All it takes is time to achieve traction and gain momentum. As Gandhi says "The truth is far more powerful than any weapon of mass destruction".   His autobiography confirms to us that the most important battle to fight is in overcoming one's own demons, fears and insecurities. It is all too easy to blame people, governing powers or enemies for our actions and wellbeing. The solution to our problems can normally be found just by looking in the mirror. The path to enlightenment is a journey to be travelled alone and requires us to open our hearts, our minds and our eyes.   In addition to Gandhi's autobiography I would also recommend the film Gandhi by Sir Richard Attenborough plus the books The Kingdom of God is Within You by Leo Tolstoy and Fit for Life II by Harvey and Marilyn Diamond.     