 Three stars overall, five stars for the first film, 3 stars for the second, two stars for the third and 0 stars for Universal skimping on extras.  Part of Universal's "Franchise Collection", this collects all 3 "Smokey and The Bandit" movies on one double sided DVD at a reasonable price.   I'm one of those people who don't automatically run to see a sequel of a movie that was wildly popular, especially if it was of one I enjoyed, for I'm in fear of being let down. "Smokey and The Bandit" was one of those movies. I let my friends see the sequels and give me their one sentence reviews. Usually they'd reply with a long drawn face and say it wasn't as good as the first one. That was good enough for me.   The first "Smokey" was a true classic as well as being a big money maker for Universal. The second highest grossing movie of the year 1977 (something called "Star Wars" was first), it was pure fun with Burt Reynolds, Sally Field, Jackie Gleason and Jerry Reed and a few chases and wrecks. It's still fun and fast paced today and has aged quite well. It's a true 70's movie though with the hairstyles, the cars, the wardrobes and CB radios. It's worth owning just for this movie.  It was with hesitation that I sat down and watched the two sequels. "Smokey and The Bandit II" was a bit darker especially with Burt Reynolds' character. Dom DeLuise was a good addition to the cast, the story was ok although I wasn't fond of ALL of Jackie Gleason's characters and I wasn't happy with the ending. Still, a decent follow up.  "Part 3". Shame on Universal for trying to eke out the last bit of money from the public on this one. Jerry Reed - I think you're great, but not in this one. You were no Bandit, and that mustache. If you're a Jerry fan, try "Concrete Cowboys" for something a bit more fun. This was recycled scenes, recycled bits, and even recycled dialogue. The Sally Field role played by Colleen Camp was excruciatingly painful. Not even Fred the dog was around too long! Not even any songs by Jerry Reed in this one! I kept watching this movie for something good and the saving grace was being able to watch Jackie Gleason take the spotlight. And that's how I'll remember this last of the trilogy, with the Great One making one more great stand.   Kudos to Universal for the widescreen and the best available sound and for a decent price. Boo hiss to Universal for no extras (except for trailers for the first two films). I know I'll watch the first one again, and if I'm in a Jackie Gleason frame of mind, maybe the third installment. And I'm happy to be able to have some outstanding stunt work directed by Hal Needham in my collection. Now if they'd only release the soundtrack to "Smokey and The Bandit" on CD!     