 This release from Brentwood Home Video/BCI puts 10 feature length movies on 5 double-sided discs. Brentwood is definitely a budget release company but does a decent job of mastering with the source material they have. If you're looking for 5.1 sound, perfect picture transfers and the best motion pictures, skip this. But, if you're looking for decent stories, a quick way to build your DVD collection, enjoy westerns and want a lot of entertainment for your dollar, then click the "Buy Now" button.  Most of the discs include a "short subject", either a public domain cartoon or "Little Rascals" short and trivia games. The transfers to the discs can go from pretty darn good to dreadful ("Territorial Men").  I'll give you a quick review of the films included, but if you want more of what the story is about, I've written reviews for each individual film. They are on Amazon.com; all you have to do is look up each film individually.  "Cry Blood, Apache" 3 stars features Joel McCrea and Jody McCrea in a story about greed and love. "Crazy Horse and Custer: The Untold Story" 2 stars is a feature length story made from the 1967 ABC-TV series "Custer". A decent story telling of the first time these two met wayyyyyy before the Battle of Little Big Horn. "Fistful of Lead" 3 stars, 4 stars for the story and 1 for the transfer. One of my favorites from the set, a spaghetti western that features a real unique story. Originally widescreen, the pan-and-scan version here I'm sure doesn't do it justice. "The Gunfighters" 3 stars. George Kennedy is the heavy and Alberta, Canada fills in for Wyoming in this Canadian television pilot. Production values are quite good and the story is fine. "The New Daughters of Joshua Cabe" 1 star. Jack Elam is the only saving grace of this 1970's made-for-TV movie that was a sequel to a superior TV movie that starred Buddy Ebsen who is nowhere near this turkey. "The Over The Hill Gang" 3 stars. Another made-for-TV movie from 1969 featuring some aging western stars (Walter Brennan, Pat O'Brien, Andy Devine, Jack Elam, Chill Wills, Edgar Buchanan). Nostalgia will run rampant, not to be missed. "Territorial Men" Amazon makes you give this some star rating, I gave it 1. I'd have given it a 0 if I could. Brenda Vaccaro starred in the long forgotten TV series "Sara". That's where this came from. Think of it as "Little House on The Prairie/Harper Valley PTA/Maude". The film might have been passable, but the transfer is the worst of this 10-disc set. "Daniel Boone, Trailblazer" 3 stars. From Republic Pictures, this 1956 feature starring Bruce Bennett, Lon Chaney, Jr., and Faron Young is a very good way to spend 76 minutes. "The Jackals" 3 stars. Vincent Price in the old African west. A very entertaining film. "Savage Pampas" 3 stars. A Spanish film set in Argentina with Robert Taylor and Ty Hardin. The story about loyalty, mutiny, honor. A great way to wrap up this collection. Overall, highly recommended.     