 It's the 70's, disco is at its peak. The Bee Gees have sold gazillions of copies of  "Saturday Night Fever"; people are learning to disco dance with K-Tel's "Let's Dance"; the dreadful polyester fashions are making it big; "Disco sucks" had not yet made it into the lexicon of America; Donna Summer was THE disco diva. To capitalize on the frenzy, Casablanca Records and Filmworks, home of Donna Summer; and Motown joined forces to make a simple B feature capturing the craze and promoting the red hot Donna Summer and up and coming R and B group "The Commodores". The result was a movie that featured Jeff Goldblum and a bunch of unknowns set in a disco on a TGIF (pre-ABC family shows) night. The album made its way into my collection 21 years before I saw the movie. I bought it mainly for Ms. Summer's phenomenal hit "Last Dance". The rest of the tracks were, well, ok. Then I kept listening to it. Although I was more of a rock `n' roll person listening to Frampton, Steely Dan, Boston, etc., this 2  record set kept sneaking in. Something about the driving beat motivated me. I really enjoy the instrumentals along with the cuts by Paul Jabara, Santa Esmerelda and the under appreciated Thelma Houston. Over the years I've come to appreciate the Donna Summer bonus track "Je T'aime (Moi Non Plus) from what I thought was a "Love To Love You Baby" ripoff to a track that could stand on its own. Once in awhile driving down the interstate, I'll slip this CD in. Almost always, I have to watch my foot on the accelerator, and I always arrive at my destination just a little bit happier. Overall, this soundtrack and to a larger extent, the film are a snapshot in time of when disco was not a four letter word. And what's wrong with that? The soundtrack, while not the best the disco era had to offer, almost stands on its own and not as the film/soundtrack crossover marketing project it is. Spend the money to get the two CD remastered set and avoid at all costs, the low price one disk version.     