 Starring Anne Jeffreys as Marion Kerby, the ghostess with the mostest. Robert Sterling as George Kerby, that most sporting spirit. And Leo G. Carroll, host to said ghosts as ... Topper!  So starts the introduction to this sitcom from the 50's which still holds up very well today. And it's no surprise, as the Kerby's are a very modern couple who are more like equals than your basic Ward and June, Ozzie and Harriet, even Ricky and Lucy male dominated partnership.  Leo G. Carroll stars as bank vice-president Cosmo Topper who with his wife Henrietta move into a house previously owned by the Kerbys, who died in an avalanche while on a skiing vacation. Also killed in the avalanche is a St. Bernard rescue dog named Neil who happens to like alcohol ... lots of alcohol. Cosmo Topper is the only human who can see them and they do turn his life upside down. Smartly written (including Stephen Sondheim), and perfectly cast (Jeffreys and Sterling are married in real life, to this day !!!!), Lee Patrick as Henrietta and the always good to see Kathleen Freeman as Katie their housekeeper help prop up the cast.  On this 2 disc DVD are 6 episodes from the second season of the show. "Trip to Las Vegas", "Henrietta Sells the House", "Decorating", "Proposal", "Second Honeymoon" and "Sweepstakes". The prints are fair to very good, nothing straight from the vault. For real TV collectors, the first episode is 29:30 minutes long as it has the original opening prominently featuring Camel cigarettes, and all the commercials for Camel are kept in the show. It ends with the old CBS shutter eye logo. The rest are 25:00 to 25:30 minutes long. The second episode also features an alternate Camel opening but no commercials. The remaining four episodes feature the opening when the show went into syndication.   The special effects are of course not on a par with movies or TV shows from today, but then again, it's the stories and actors that make this show so special. To be honest, I can't figure out how they did a lot of the effects. For a top notch show from the 50's that should get more airplay today, I can heartily recommend this show.  Until this show gets the full treatment (if ever), this is a well priced and decent introduction to this classic series.     