 Prof. Wilson is well-respected in the engineering community, and this book is the best we have on the topic.  Alas, even though Americans can land a man on the moon, we don't currently have a comprehensive, accurate computer simulation of the bicycle, rider, terrain, and atmospheric condition suitable for design optimization.  Bicycle science is still very empirical!  Contrast this with automotive engineering, aerospace engineering, watercraft engineering, and rail travel engineering (although to be fair, there is no Defense Department money for bicycle advancements).  As a systems and mechanical engineer in industry (but not the bicycle industry) I've written numerous computer simulations for all kinds of machines and processes; my engineering doctoral dissertation was on the detailed computer simulation of a modified gas turbine engine (published as Theory and Design of the New Rational Combustion Engine)--so it rather amazes me that we don't have something comparable for bicycle design.  Prof. Wilson candidly states on p. 365 that "...expert application of engineering methods has played very little part in bicycle design." and on p. 282 contributing author Papadopoulos states that "...most [dynamic] analyses are incorrect, either because of faulty methods or because of errors in algebra" (and this at a time when theoretical physicists are promolgating theories to the thirteenth decimal place).  The authors present some of the simple equations, but don't number them, and there are some symbol mistakes (e.g., on p. 242 an equation is missing a couple of divisor signs and lacks a negative sign at the beginning).  Symbols are defined at the end of the book, rather than at the beginning or end of each chapter.  For most scientists and engineers, there are far too many words, and far too few equations in this book (but that's more the fault of the low level of development of this discipline, 120 years after the Starley safety bicycles were introduced).  End-of-chapter references and notes are excellent, as are the diagrams and figures (except that Fig. 11.30 is apparently mis-labeled).  There is a history timeline at the back of the book, but it stops at 1934. Useful Web-site addresses are given.  However, no comparative design information is given for tire tread, frame structure, handlebar type, and suspension layout.  What's better:  a seat suspension post or rear wheel suspension?--Not answered.  Saddle height is discussed, but not reach to the handlebars.  The chapter on Materials and Stresses discusses only unsprung bicycles.  Wilson states correctly (on p. 381) that "triangulation" prevents frame collapse (unlike quadrilateral designs) and many new mountain bikes feature such a design (just look at Specialized's current catalog).  Highlights of the book include the discussion of many alternative styles of human-powered vehicles, including recumbent bikes (Wilson's preferred design), aircraft, and watercraft.  I especially like the idea of rail bicycles--this has got to be the most efficient form of transportation (with the possible exception of the Lewis-Adkins Regenerative Spiral-Drive Train, which is not discussed).  All-in-all this book is a good read, but if you're a bicycle engineer, the book won't help you much.  A Google search on the Web finds only one link for "Bicycle Computer Simulation"--to a Taiwanese paper "The Construction of a Bicycle Computer Simulation Model for Riding Comfort"--let's hope that the fourth edition of Bicycling Science will be much more comprehensive and much more computer-oriented.          