 Dr. Halpern has done the difficult job of making understandable for the general reader the past and current search for a unified, general theory of the universe.  The book contains no equations and only a few diagrams and pictures, so it's not for scientists or engineers, but it does include reasonably clear conceptual descriptions of many old and new theories.  The tone is light and breezy (with an unusual number of similes); the most interesting parts are the biographical sketches of the cast of characters discussed, including Kaluza, Klein, Einstein, Ehrenfest, Pauli, Bergmann, Bargmann, Feynman, and numerous others.  Alas, it turns out that all their theories are wrong-regardless of how many dimensions are postulated (4, 5, 10, 11, 26, or whatever)-none are entirely consistent with experimental or observational knowledge.  The book has excellent endnotes, a helpful list of books for further reading, and a detailed index.  OK, all that said, I'm a bit disappointed that the theory I subscribe to (and have written 50 papers about), Dewey B. Larson's Reciprocal System, was not mentioned.  True, only a small minority of scientists and engineers currently accept it, so one could pardon Halpern for this deficiency.  My own book, The Unmysterious Universe, summarizes Larson's system, which posits three-dimensional space-time (abstracted to three dimensions of space and one-dimension of time in our material sector, and three-dimensions of time and one dimension of space in the inverse or cosmic sector), in discrete (rather than continuous) units, and with space and time being reciprocally-related in motion, which is the fundamental component of the universe (not various forces).  Unless one starts with the correct premises, and then applies correct math and logic, one is not going to get the correct answers to physical (and metaphysical) problems.  The problem with all the theories discussed by Halpern is that they do not posit the correct properties of space-time and therefore the result is the current mess we have in conventional theoretical physics.  In the Reciprocal System, a natural unit of space is computed to be 4.4488 x 10^-6 cm; unit time is 1.5206 x 10^-16 sec.  Inside unit space, gravitation should reverse-becoming a force of repulsion, and the space-time progression should also reverse-becoming a force of attraction.  Perhaps the experimenters discussed by Halpern on pp. 286-289 of his book could, as their next project, confirm or disconfirm this prediction of the Reciprocal System!       