 This is a very good--but not excellent--workbook to master FileMaker Pro 7.  It is not suitable for beginners because the screen shots are way too small and because the many mistakes in the book would frustrate them.  It is also not for advanced programmers because there are no chapters on FileMaker Developer, FileMaker Server, or third-party Plug-Ins (although they are discussed on the authors' Web site); also, although the problems, index, and glossary are great, there is no categorized reference section tabulating all the functions and script steps with examples.  For intermediate-level programmers, the book is a must have, despite the mistakes--because they can be instructive to correct.  For example, Script 10 in Chapter 17 is missing (the one on p. 261 is inapplicable and the one from the authors' Web site needs work).  Various steps in Scripts 14 and 19 are omitted, etc.  I was able to fix them, though, without too much difficulty, and get everything to work properly.  Other nuisances include the authors' spelling of Web site as web site; missing the "100" factor in the round function on p. 303, an incorrect answer (p. 466) given to problem 11 on p. 264; p. 302 has a spurious quote mark ("); on p. 146 the authors use the obsolete "status" function and then tell us on p. 223 that the "old status functions are now the Get functions" (which is true); and others--you get the point that the editing could have been better.  The principal author (Jonathan Stars) is a singer cum data base programmer, with 15 years experience with FileMaker.  He does provide plenty of useful, real-world tips.  I've been programming for over 28 years, using 17 different computer languages.  My company, Transpower Corporation, located in metropolitan Philadelphia, is a commercial and custom software manufacturing and systems engineering company.  We first tried FileMaker Pro 5 back in 1999 but decided that it wasn't powerful enough for us or our clients.  But FileMaker Pro 7 definitely is (although it is still missing field event trapping, a contains function, and an array or matrix field type and the associated matrix math functions).  A nice feature of the book is that it highlights (with a superscript 7) the changes made in version 7.  To sum up, this is a four star book, not a five star book.  Perhaps the authors and the editors can improve it for the next edition so that it will deserve five stars.       