 Buffy the Vampire Slayer - The Complete Sixth Season is mostly about growing up, and what it would be like if our characters grew in different directions.  It was probably one of the most remarkable moments in television history.  There was a lot of confusion in which some people had their differences about their thoughts on the sixth season of Buffy the Vampire Slayer.  When Buffy had died last season, her friends feared she was trapped in a hell-dimension, and needed to be ressurected.  But as they later learn, Buffy tells Spike that she was in fact in Heaven, not in Hell.  Spike was the only one who knew about this, because Buffy still has feelings for the vampire with a soul.  Then, we later discover that a music-making demon called Sweet (Hinton Battle) that has been summoned to Sunnydale and makes the whole town burst into song (and not to mention flame!) This was probably notably the only episode with a shaft of lightness throughout the whole season.  Well, there was "Tabula Rasa," which followed the episode after the highly critically acclaimed musical episode "Once More, With Feeling." "Tabula Rasa" was about Tara having to plea over the fact that Willow was using too much magick and needed to make a pact that if she were to use or do one more speel, then their relationship would have to end.    But Willow went ahead and made a spell to make them forget that Buffy was ever in Heaven, but when it goes wrong, it instead makes them forget who they are. This season also marks the death of Tara, in which Willow goes all evil on the gang and decides to destroy the world since Warren made a terrible mistake in killing her girlfriend, not to mention shooting Buffy at the same time.  Willow is set out to conquer the world, only to be stopped by Xander's love and setting the evil witch the lies within Willow.  It was a tough season, but still has some great episodes worth watching over and over.  Most notably, "Once More, With Feeling," is a must.  Can't wait for season seven.     