 1996 was my favorite year.  Want to know why? I got to get up every Saturday morning and watch my fave characters come to life in a television series that was not only funny but just plan fun to watch.  And that show was called "Bone Chillers." I was a fan of the book sereis written by Besty Haynes long before they have decided to make the show, and was thrilled that they have done so.  It was interesting to watch, because I was expecting it to be straight foreward adaptations like they have done with R.L. Stine's Goosebumps books that aired on FOX.  But I was totally wrong, and was hooked every morning at ten on ABC.  The idea behind "Bone Chillers" was to take four charcaters out of the book from the series and make them the continuing characters on the show.  And even include a few new characters to them as well.  The characters were taken out of the "Bone Chillers" book number three: Back to School, which was also adapted for the show as one of the episodes.  In the name of 50s horror movies, "Bone Chillers" delievers just that.  I love the halarious slide transitions that they do to change the scene.  My personal fave is the one where the monster's hand comes down the screen and flips the page for the next scene.  There is so much witty action going on, you feel like the characters become apart of you.  "Bone Chillers" is a great show that I wish would have stuck around longer, because it was just funny and great.  This box set of "Bone Chillers" includes the episodes: "Frankenturkey" and "Full Moon Goon." "Frankenturkey" is one of the episodes that was taken from the book too.  That was just plain ridiculous, it's scary! But "Full Moon Goon" on the other hand was a special bonus that they have included on this VHS tape especially for us fans.  Which I was grateful they have done so.  It was great.  This episode deals with Sara finding herself under the spell of a new kid named Lobo.  But something strange happens when things turn hairy and finds himself under a spell of his own every full moon.  The Season 1 episodes include:  *1.1 Art Intemidates Life *1.2 Teacher Creature--from book *1.3 Back to School--from book  *1.4 Frankenturkey--from book *1.5 Mummy Dearest *1.6 Charlotte's Revenge  *1.7 Romeo and Ghouliette  *1.8 Gorilla My Dreams  *1.9 Mr. Fitz and Dr. Hyde *1.10 Root of All Evil *1.11 Edgar Allan Poe-Session  *1.12 Shmendel's Comet  *1.13 Full Moon Goon--bonus ep. "Bone Chillers" was a great show that should've stuck around longer.  It had great potential and was a whole lot better than "Goosebumps." The writing of the show was much better, and I am sorry that it has finally come and gone.  Oh, well, maybe some day in the future, it *will* come back if a lot of people request about it.  It was just one of those shows that made you laugh out loud and feel good about what's happening to our characters.  You never had a dull moment when watching "Bone Chillers."  "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" is the closes thing to come to this show.  But now that show has finally come to an end as well as of May 20, 2003.  I just wanna know, WHY? You have all these *stupid* reality TV shows that don't make sense about Jack, and these other great shows you see aren't getting enough recongization for their creativity.  But we fans know their genious work behind the idea of the show.   As a fan of "Bone Chillers," could I request that this show be released on DVD and in Widescreen format? I'm not exactly sure whom is in charge of requesting shows to be released for DVDs, but I figured someone could read this for me and help me out a bit. I have all of the episodes recorded in 1996, except for the eps., "Charlotte's Revenge," and "Mr. Fitz and Dr. Hyde." It would be greatly appreciated if you could sometime in the future release them on DVD and include the Betsy Haynes interviews that she was in telling us about writing the books.  It was interesting that she has done that, and to make it more special if you could preserve them on DVD format.  "Bone Chillers" will chill you to the bones!     