 There was a point in my life when I never would have thought in a million light years from now, that the Critters series would be released on DVD.  Critters has to be one of my all time favorite horror/cult movies.  The score was great, I never had a feeling you get when watching a horror movie where you felt something for the characters and yes, even the little Critters(a.k.a Krites; alien name).  Have any of you seen those little bugs best known as rolie polies? That's what I think when I see these fury critters.  Mutated rolie polies from outer space.  That's a killer, right there.  Cute, harmless, rolie polies that got transformed into something out of this world, with fangs, fur, and claws, oh my! Some people might mistake them for a strange bunny rabbit or something of the sort, until it faces you face to face with rows and rows of jagged teeth ready to attack you! Now the Krites like to head for the neck and stomach mostly.  So, if you or I were to face one of these critters, then it would be best to wear a protection thing around your neck and probably would wanna wear a bullet proof vest or something to prevent them from eating your guts out.  Yes, I know that sounds horrible, but that's the critter's nature.  Eat, destroy, and eat some more.  Their teeth can cut as sharp as cutting through metal, now that's sharp! And they're messy, little critters.  So, if you want my advise: Stay away from the Krites as far as possible.  They come mostly in packs, rarely in singles.  So they are never really alone.  That way, when you are alone, they can gang up on ya, and rip the flesh from your bones, just as fast as a pirana fish would.  You might be asking yourself: Where do these critters come from? Well, as silly as they may seem, they come from outer space in a space ship.  Yes, that's right.  Outer space.  In a space ship.  How else would they travel? They're aliens.  Man-eating fur ball aliens from outer space.  How do you kill 'em you ask? With anything you got: Machine guns to knives to whatever! Just kill 'em before they kill you! Oh, I should mention that these Krites also shot posin darts from their backs and aim them at your neck and make you weak so that they will have a better chance of attacking you when unconscience.  So, my guess is, to watch out for these mean, green mothers from outer space and make sure that you have protection or you can say bye-bye you.  Now, enough of about the critters, and more about the DVD.  I'm worried that since the price is a little lower than most normal DVDs cost, that there might not be any special features access to them.  I'm one of those DVD freaks that like to explore the making-of featuretts and so forth.  So, I'm hoping that this DVD isn't much of a dissapointment.  But all in all, the Critters movies are still the greatest horror cults of the 80s, which makes them the number one on my horror movie list.  Long-live the Critters!     