 I've been a Buffy fan since I discovered it on the WB network, and I instantly fell in love with the show, due to the fact that the show revolves around the characters, and not just the monsters, which is a reason that I stuck to watching Buffy.  I knew that Buffy was probably the most powerful wicked drama out there on cable television, and that it would be something special for everyone whose dared to dream.   To Joss-- I just wanted to say, thanks for making this show, I don't know what we'd do without you. You're a genius.  Don't feel discouraged if those blasted emmy people.  They don't have the least bit of brains.  [Like someone has mentioned before.] I've just finished reading your "Once More, With Feeling" script, and wow! It's bloody brilliant! I finished it in one day, I could not put the script down.  The characters, the music was all moving and well-writing which I can't believe those d**n emmy creeps didn't put in the nominations.  For Christ Sakes, what's their problem? Have they even watched any other episode of yours, besides "Hush?" You'd think by now that they would get their heads on straight.  But I don't know.  Maybe they're really are demons out there trying to sabatoge or do anything to stop you from getting an emmy.  Because they know you'd win.  Well, you've won an emmy in my heart, Joss.  Regardless of what others think.  You diserve it badly.  I've caught up with some of the Season Six episodes on FX, and was wondering why the weren't going to show "Once More, With Feeling," "Normal Again," "Villians," "Two to Go," and "Grave." I was really pissed when I discovered when they weren't going to play "Once More, With Feeling." I wanted to cry.  Please make FX show @ least the musical episode! And "Normal Again" was an excellent episode, the best of Buffy.  Why aren't they showing them? Just because they're barely on your Seventh Season or something? I just pray that they will at least show "Once More, With Feeling" on FX soon.  Joss, you're a genius.  Please keep up with the awesome work you are giving us, and don't give up.   Not only does Buffy have all the drama, scary moments, but it also teaches young women that it is OK to fight back, and to take stand for one's self.  It's a great show of art that I think is wonderful.  I hope that Buffy never goes off the air, or at least go up to ten seasons, that would be fine with me.   Once More, With Feeling is a great episode that should be reconized for it's beauty and talent from creator Joss Whedon.  Or what would make it even better, if this episode would be released on DVD, packed with not only the episode, but with extra features that have not be seen before.  Like commentaries and so forth.  Joss should also put out both versions of the episode.  The cut version, and the extra eight minute version.  I think he should also put out the silent episode "Hush." But instead of just clicking on the episode, he should have put several trivia questions to get to the bonus episode, and once you got them all correct, you get "Hush." Just idea that I have for Joss, so that Buffy the Musical will be remembered by his hard work of writing this magnificient script.  Thanks, Joss.     