 In 1982, Broadway released a play called "Little Shop of Horrors," that had audiences applauding for more.  In 1984, Roger Corman legend decided to take the worst idea ever of making "Little Shop of Horrors" into a movie in less than two days! Becoming the best known movie as the worse film in recent history.  A couple years later, in 1986, "Little Shop of Horrors" become a movie musical phenomenon.  Turning this worse idea into one of the greatest things that could possibly happen in cinema history.  A movie musical that could surely having you getting up on your feet and dancing to the music.  (I know that is what I did when I just *had* to go out and by the soundtrack from the motion picture!) The new impoved camera angles and music makes you really feel something for the characters and makes you want to watch it over and over again.  I haven't been able to stop watching since I first ordered from Amazon.com! I know I've watched it more than ten times at least, I can't really remember now, I lost count after the fourth time viewing the DVD, and have gotten most of the songs memorized.  My personal favorite song is the new one that was included in the film that wasn't in the original Broadway show called, "Mean Green Mother From Outerspace." It just has a really feel good hard rock beat to it.  Loved it, loved it, loved it! Also, other stand out songs that I should mention is: "Little Shop of Horrors," "Skid Row (Downtown)," "Dentist!," "Suddenly Seymour," and "Suppertime." Wonderfully sung songs that would have getting up off your feet and singing along with the music.  So, having this worst idea in cinema history, is now the greatest thing t o happen in cinema history.  The most remarkable scene that is remembered mostly is the Steve Martin character, the dentist.  He does a hilarious appearence as the demented dentist, really putting feeling into his character so that when his death scene comes up, you don't really need to feel sorry for the character.  Which I was glad that the bastard died in the first place, because he was just getting on my nervers.  Yet, Steve delievers that perfectly to the audience.  Also, the backup singers did a tremdous job in the film, I might would like to point out.  Without them, we would just have a story about a singing plant, a daring hero, a sweet girl, and a demented dentist.  But these gals really can sing and light up the picture, even in a dark moment in the picture.  So, regardless if this a musical, "Little Shop of Horrors" is a great film everyone should see over and over again.     