 A great director is born! The sign of a true artist is to take a simple story or scene and recreate it masterfully. That, in short, is what Christopher Nolan has done with what would have otherwise been a by-the-numbers film noir tale.  Memento sticks with you like a bad head cold. You just can't get it out of your system long after you've seen it.  The endless plot twists, the ingenious editing ploys, the ambiguity and mystery of each character, the backwards tatoos, and oh that cool Jaguar! All superb! Memento is the thinking man's mystery movie.  Guy Pierce gave the performance of the year. This was arguably the most difficult role in years. Here's why: Guy had to play a character that a) did or did not rape and kill his own wife, b) if he did kill his wife, he had to hide it behind the deer-in-the-headlights performance, but that would be difficult since he has forgotten the details of the murder thus he would have to invent conceit from fleeting bits of memory, c) if he is innocent, as an actor, Guy can't give away that he is innocent otherwise he gives away the movie. So how do you play a guy that might or might not be innocent of a crime that he doesn't remember committing or maybe he does but has conveniently forgotten. See what I mean? Guy Pierce deserved the Oscar if for no other reason than he delivered an impeccable American accent (the guy's Australian). This is about as close as modern filmmaking will get to duplicating the effects of Hitchcock's masterpieces. Hitchcock literally took us inside his character's mind by going to great pains to show the story unfold from the character's perspective (Vertigo, Spellbound, Rear Window, etc.) Christopher Nolan accomplishes similar results with the visual trick of looping back every 10 minutes and repeating the action because the character's short term memory only lasts about 10 minutes then he has to re-create his life again. This goes on throughout the entire film (and possibly ad infinitum). We never actually solve the mystery which is the most frustrating and yet most deliberate part of this film. You, the audience are actually supposed to figure the mystery out. You are, believe it or not, required to think through this film. I know, I know, we're supposed to think? At a movie? The character played by Carrie-Anne Moss is actually similar to the character of Constance played by the gorgeous Ingrid Bergman in Hitchcock's 'Spellbound'. She too had to help an amnesiac, played by Gregory Peck, regain his memory.  Memento has some sidesteps that confused and frustrated me. For instance, the ending was a bit abrupt and could have been more skillfully explained. Saying that Leonard "raped" and murdered his wife was probably over-the-top and made me wonder why would a husband rape his own wife first and then murder her? It cast doubts in my mind that Leonard committed the crime because most crimes of passion don't involve raping your wife first. The black and white flashbacks of the old man were a distraction and a side story that I have yet to piece together. Some eagle-eye observers on the internet spotted Teddy in the background of those flashback scenes. Did Teddy kill Leonard's wife? Did Leonard kill his own wife and then kill Teddy to shut Teddy up? Will Carrie-Anne Moss go out with me?     