 Next to "Hoop Dreams", this is the best sports documentary I have ever seen. Terrifically entertaining, funny, historic, illuminating, controversial, colorful, poetic, chaotic and just out and out brilliant. Not to mention that the "Rumble in the Jungle" boxing match took place in a stadium built on top of a torture chamber. Yikes! Muhammed Ali may have not been the greatest fighter of all time (Rocky Marciano would have killed him) but he was certainly the most entertaining. His press conferences were actually more amusing than his fights. He would bust out hilarious poetry on the spot: "They was shocked when Nixon resigned, but wait till I whoop Foreman's behind." He never knew when to shut up, whether in practice or in the hallway, or in his room, or out in the courtyard, or in the streets. Muhammed Ali was non stop kinetic energy. A motormouth who somehow backed up all his incessant taunts. His trainers sweated more than he did. His friends warned him how big Foreman's right hand was. They told him to tone down the rhetoric. The reporters hoped he would keep it up. Foreman was a monster of a man who's punch was so powerful he actually puts a dent into a punching bag during the film!  Ali didn't care. Ali was the "greatest fighter of all time". You cring as you watch the Foreman pummel his sparing partner with one thunderous blow after the next. You contrast that with Ali who spends more time yapping than sparring. You think to yourself: "Ali is gonna get killed. My hero is gonna get killed." You see how the entire continent of Africa is fixated with this fight. You see how Don King works his magic/chicanery. You cringe some more. You see how the African kids idolize Ali and imitate his boxing moves. You smile. You finally see the fight. You see Ali getting pummeled round after cring-inducing round. You think to yourself: "He's dead." You see Foreman getting tired. You suddenly see Ali emerging fresh as a daisy. He had his hands up the entire fight. He was using his rope-a-dope.  He had this whole thing worked out. You see him take over the fight. You're astonished, amazed, spellbound. You want Ali to be president of your country. You want him to marry your daughter. You once again idolize this man. Man, this is a great documentary!     