 When I bought this bottle I had pretty high expectations because of previously owning a similar one, and having been issued a much larger one of the same type from the Army.  The Nissan Travel Companion met my expectations completely.  It will keep coffee hot for 48 hours if you need it to and are leaving it full for that time.  The time degrades from that to about 8 hours if you are drinking the contents.  If you fill the bottle with hot water, let it sit for a few minutes, to heat up the inside of the bottle, and then fill it with your coffee, it will stay hot for as long as you leave it full and unopened.  Sounds silly, but try it.   Most days, I actually want to drink some of my coffee before the day has passed and the thermos works well for that too.  I make a pot (7 cups will fit) in the morning, rinse the bottle out with very hot water, and I drink my coffee throughout the day.  It is very hot for most of the day, into the evening.  If a cup or two remain at the end of the day, they will not stay hot into the next morning.  It only works for more then a day, if you leave it completely full, and don't open it until you want to drink it. The bottle is well made.  I've had it for almost 6 months now and use it every day.  I even use it on weekends so I can turn my coffee pot off.  It keeps the coffee fresher and just as hot as leaving it on the heating burner. I only recommend this thermos (or any stainless steel bottle) for black coffee, tea, or hot water.  Add your cream and sugar or whatever afterwords.  Vacuum bottles are not dishwasher safe and it is dangerous to put food stuffs in it because you won't be able to get it completely clean.  Coffee and tea can be rinsed out without a problem.   Summary.  Keeps fluids hot for up to 8 hours of normal use.  Up to 48 hours of full quantity storage.  Very durable and drip proof.  Not dishwasher safe, and should not be used with soup, cream, milk, or sugar. Conclusion.  Is day old coffee still "day old" if it is still piping hot?     