 Let me preface this by saying I am an avid retro-gamer collector and am a huge fan of space shooters in general. I have many classic shooters in my library including some of the best for the pc engine, super famicom, and neo geo. This being said, Nanostray is one of the finest shooters I've had the pleasure of playing for any system. The graphics are extremely impressive, the audio is great, and the controls are solid. There's no picking up this game without being impressed. This is a delightfully difficult game. You can play in adventure mode, arcade mode, or do stages in challenge modes where you have to complete levels under certain restrictions. There are many unlockables to add to the replay value. The touch screen is used brilliantly. The top screen only shows the action with no clutter. The touch screen has enemy radar, boss ship scanning (you don't have to use this feature), your health (yes you have health, but collisions spell instant death), your sub weapon power gauge, missiles, and current weapon type selection. Aside from missiles, you have four main weapon types which you can switch on the fly: Plasma, which is your basic weapon, fast and good damage, and the plama sub weapon which is a more powerful version of the plasma gun (all sub weapons use energy which is replenished by collecting power items of varying value dropped by some kills.. you can attract these power ups if you choose by holding down R). For those who have played Ikaruga, the plasma weapon type is essentially like the main gun (and the charge weapon is like the sub weapon here). The next weapon type is a side gun, this shoots out a spread of lazer fire from both sides of your ship, the sub weapon is a stronger version of this. The third type is a parallel seeker laser which has limited homing ability, the sub weapon version of this is a seeker missile which is very slow and shot from the back of your ship to seek the closest enemy (good for enemies behind you as it does immense damage). The last weapon type is electricity, this shoots out an electric wave with good lateral range, the sub weapon is an electric storm which does great damage for a short range around your ship in all directions. Each weapon type and its corresponding sub weapon are good for different situations. In closing, if you are itching for a challenging space shooter this is a great one to have. Solid controls, excellent and easy to use touch screen, extremely impressive graphics and sound, and good replay value makes this a 5 star game.     