 Veterans of the first Dungeon Siege will find much here that is familiar. DS2 sports the same party-based 3-D action with the same engine as it's predecessor, and while the graphics are prettier this time around, I wasn't blown away this time around as I was playing the first DS.  Starting off, you will notice there are three difficulties of play, the latter two only unlockable by completing the game on an easier setting.  The four main disciplines are still present: melee, ranged, nature magic, and combat magic, although there is a skills/feats system for greater character customization than the first.  As a fighter, you start off only being able to use a weapon in your main hand. When you advance a few skill levels you will find you can train along one of three main skill paths: one-handed weapon with shield use, dual-wielding, and two-handed weapons. As you take skills along one path, it unlocks other skills you can learn to enhance your abilities further. Additional skills are restricted by both level and prerequisite skills. Which feats you get are determined by your skill choices and the levels your skills are at.  Ranged weapon users start with bow only but can then specialize in bows/crossbows, and thrown weapons.   Nature and combat mages can tailor their spell affinities to various elemental damage spheres as well as  death magic, summoning, and healing for nature mages, to name a few.  Some other differences: You start off with a party of two, and can purchase up to 2 additional slots when you meet the level requirements to do so. In the harder difficulties, it is possible to purchase additional spots above 4. That's a shame you can't get a fifth in normal difficulty, because the pet system is great and it's nice to have one character of each discipline, as well as a pet on the field.  Animal companions in addition to your packmule are not new to those who played the expansion to the first DS, but here they have been greatly enhanced. There are about 10 different pets available (dire wolf, ice elemental, dragon, etc..) based on your game progression and some only unlockable by doing side quests. Pets carry stuff for you with varying capacity, as well as fight alongside you. Pets stats and level always match those of your main character, but you can "mature" them by feeding them equipment. The type of equipment you use determines the bonuses they get when they reach their next maturity level. Use ranged weapons to increase dex, melee weapons to increase str, health potions to increase health, etc.. Maturing them also upgrades their attack weapon and gives them access to feats. A fully mature pet constantly emanates a useful power for a certain range around it to your party's benefit if you are in that range.  Items no longer have stat based requirements to use them; they are purely based on character level or combat discipline level. Some items can also be enhanced by adding reagents to them, in basically the same method as the socketing system from diablo 2.  There are unique item drops as well as special unique items called set items. Unique items are based on existing items with more powers than rares, although as they are pre-defined, their stats are not random. Set items have a unique appearance which carries over to your character when wearing them. Each set item belongs to a group of typically 2-5 items where if multiple items in a set are worn together, you receive additional bonuses. A single item in a set is usually very good, but you may find better equipment. Add a few more pieces to the set and you will find they are much better again, a full set adds even more powers to the mix. To start you off, there's one full set of 4 items (2 in hidden locations) early in the game, found roughly between levels 2 and 10 or so. Many higher level uniques and set uniques will add ranks to many of your skills while worn. Although ranks added in this way function normally even if you don't meet the requirements to learn the skill yet, these additional ranks don't count towards prerequisites for learning other skills.  I found in playing so far that you will sometimes find duplicates of set items, which sucks. Unique items are supposed to be unique and set items are legendary unique items. Hopefully they will fix this "bug" at some point, at least in the single player game. That being said, any time you find a very rare and cool set item is one of the best moments in the game.  When you re-spawn after your whole party is killed, your equipped items, but not inventory items, are on the ground where you died. You can pay 25% of your gold to have your items teleported back to town, or you can go get them yourself. A nice feature is that when you get close to your death site, the items all re-equip themselves on your party members exactly as you had them.  You can save the game quickly at any time (ctrl+s), and there is only one save spot. There's no easy way to load a game, you have to exit the current game and then select continue, but you should find no reason to do this often. Your items, stats, and quest progression is saved, also the status of any boss or unique mobs you may have killed, but your actual position is not. When you load a game you always start at the teleporter in the last major town you reached. There's a large equipment storage chest for your use next to this teleporter which is a nice addition. While this can be a pain at times, in general you will find teleporter destinations to be plentiful and reasonably close to wherever you may wish to go. In addition, you can teleport via a spell to town and back to that exact location whenever you want.  The main story is "okay", and you will find most of the meat and fun of the game to be in doing the side quests and exploring areas off the main path. While the game and areas are in general very linear, there are lots of side areas along the way to keep you occupied for much more time than the main storyline will.  The AI could be a little better but it's okay. There are two modes of combat, mirror and rampage. In mirror mode your party all follows the lead of whatever the main character does, and they will not attack on their own, although they will cast certain buffs, summons. and healing on their omn if you set it up that way. In rampage mode, the characters will attack on their own, with the exception of the selected character, whose ai is always automatically disabled.  In closing, this game is a lot of fun, and fans of diablo and nwn will find a solid dungeon crawl with a lot to offer, and only a couple minor flaws. I am looking forward to playing online as well as using the harder modes of play when I complete the game in normal mode.     