 GTA3 has earned much praise for its open-ended mayhem style of play.  You can steal all varieties of cars, trucks etc, kill people in limitless ways and break most everything.  I am not usually a fan or this genre (preffering more realistic first-person stuff) but when my little brother and I stayed up till 4am playing GTA:Vice City on his new Playstation2 and my stomach hurt the next day from laughing so hard, I decided to buy GTA3 (since they don't make Vice City for the PC). I have played the game much since and have finished it many times.   Sure the game is violent but the novelty of that all wears off quickly.  If the game were only shooting heads off of innocents and picking up prostitutes it would lose its appeal to even the most twisted players in minutes.  What has really floored me about this game is its extremely vast playing environment.  I am amazed at the detail that rockstar games has managed to stuff into a game that runs very smoothly on even older systems.   The graphics in GTA3 are not cutting edge by any means but drive up to the cliff above the Staunton View Picnic Area in Shoreside Vale, get out of the car and you will be amazed.  You can see the whole city laid out before you.  Jets turn in the sky on their final approach to the airport. The Shoreside lift bridge raises and lowers on schedule. Places where you've been are easily recognized. The imaginative creators of GTA3 have put together an amazing game that only scratches the surface of what is surely to come in the future.  There is so much to see and do in this game. Drive around looking for places to launch your stolen car off of (many of which cause the game to cut flawlessly to a cinema-style slow motion sequence of you going off the jump). The police "vigilante" mission segments (steal a police car and you can drive around in high speed chases trying to kill bad guys)could easily be sold as a stand alone game.  I hope Rockstar Games has noticed what it has accomplished in GTA3 and continues to improve on its ingenious and limitless premise.   Buy this game.  You will not be dissappointed.     