 This is the book that most of us need.  It is not a book about sailing around the world or what to do when your Inmarstat XG4000 goes down while hove-to in a Force 10 gale in your steel hulled Amel Super Maramu while your husband plays with the electric in-mast furling system on your carbon fibre ketch rig. It is for the rest of us who want to sail somewhere for a while and enjoy the life. Cruising 101 is the simple account of one couple's experiences and lessons learned while preparing and venturing on a 14 month cruise to Mexico.  If there were more books like Cruising 101 I bet more people would go cruising.   Like most of us, the authors originally planned a circumnavigation, but unlike so many of us, snapped back to reality and realized that a world cruise was simply not going to happen.  Instead of giving up on the cruising idea, they set their sights somewhat smaller and far more realistic.   Cruising is far easier and accessible than some would have you believe (particularly yacht brokers).  While Cruising 101 is not really a true cruising manual, it does provide some analysis on valuable lessons learned.  I love the "disposable cruising" philosophy.  Cruises don't end because an autopilot breaks down, or because a shroud breaks, they end because of the people on the cruise and the authors devote much of their book to the psychological impacts of cruising. Relationships is an often overlooked topic in the other cruisng books. (I looked up "match made in heaven" in the dictionary and there was a picture of Larry and Lynn Pardey.  Their situation is one in a million)  Critics of this book say that the authors are "inexperienced" and perhaps not qualified to write about cruising.  Well, 14 months on a boat is way more experience than the rest of us.  This is a beginners book...A book that most of us need.  Sure, read Slocum and Hiscock and the Pardeys.  But realize that cruising is ALL that they do and they have been doing it their ENTIRE LIVES.  Read this book and you will realize that if you want to, you can sail away too.     