 Ghost Recon is a super great game but could have been epic if not for a few flaws.  What is great about this game has already been mentioned: Great scenery and character animation.  Amazing sound effects! Super fun missions and objectives.  There is no better FP tactical shooter out there. However.... Enemy AI unrealistically good.  In the Desert Siege pack, enemies are able to kill you with a single shot from an AK-47 on fully automatic 100 yards away.  This just does not happen in real life.  Enemy grenades are deadly accurate too.  Enemies also do not respond well to covering fire. Even when your entire team is blazing away fully automatic, many enemies will just stand there and fire back - again with deadly accuracy. This does not happen in real life.  Friendly AI leaves something to be desired as well.  On many occasions I have been stuck in tight spots, fighting with team members over a tree or rock to hide behind. Members must be puched out of doorways in order to get by and team members frequently get caught up in bushes and left behind, forcing you to take control of them and lead them the right way.  This does not happen in real life. All the weapons seem to do the same thing.  Ballistics are a joke. You can choose between a .50 caliber rifle and a 9mm MP5 with silencer and both kill people with one shot.  A suppressed 9mm bullet killing a guy wearing body armor and standing 40 yards away?  This does not happen in real life.  Choosing weapons for the missions becomes a matter of which one looks the coolest. Ghost Recon touts itself as being the most realistic squad combat simulator yet the most fundamental squad level tactics don't work in the game.  There is no use for suppressive fire since the enemies refuse to seek cover.  If a US special forces member went and opened up on me with a SAW I would be pissing my pants and screaming and running for cover or at least hitting the deck!  Without effective suppressive fire (the most fundamental of all squad level combat tactics), flanking maneuvers are useless (and suicidal) and many firefights devolve into crawling around prone and throwing grenades.  Also - there are three engagement settings for your team: recon, assault and suppress. These settings are supposed to control under what conditions your team fires.  That would be great but the settings also control how your team STANDS and MOVES.  In recon mode, team members will always immediately go prone and quiet when they spot an enemy. That is fine.  In assault mode, your team will take a knee or find cover and shoot at the enemy.  That is fine too.  The suppress mode is messed up.  There is no way to command your team to go prone AND fire in a suppressive manner.  When ordered to suppress, your team members will ALWAYS get up from a prone position and pepper the same spot with everything they've got.  This is just plain stupid. This means that when you order a team to suppress, they stand up, all shoot at the same spot and consequently get shot and die (usually by one guy standing 100 yards away in the open). I am fine with realism, but not at the expense of gameplay.  If you want to be successful in this game and return from missions with all of your men alive, you have to use the quicksave button way too much.  A typical mission runs like this:  Walk towards an objective - get shot at and killed by an unseen enemy - reload game and kill enemy (now that you know where he is) - repeat as needed. The saving grace of this game is that there are realism modifications that can be downloaded from the internet.  I downloaded a simple realism Mod and the improvement in gameplay was amazing.  You body armor and helmet actually protect you some from bullets!  If shot from afar you tend to get wounded and not killed.  A 9mm MP5 becomes useless on the balltefield (how many soldiers do you know that would choose a 9mm MP5 as their main battle rifle?) Buy this game.  It is great fun.  But buy it and then download a realism mod and you will be loving it.  I can't wait for the sequel.     