 I would have given this book 5 stars but I was hoping for a little more direct discussion on Afghanistan and Iraq.  Still a great book.  Anyone who thinks this book was a "rushed" effort to capitalize on current events does not know Chomsky and also dosen't realize that he didn't really write the book.  The book is a collection of lectures and discussions that he has given in the past two years.  Chomsky does not waste his time making fun of all of his detractors like so many other liberal and conservative writers.  He is not out to write the next NY Times best seller.  Let the Ann Coulters and Al Frankens of the world have their spats.  Meanwhile, Chomsky is constantly reading and writing and talking and putting out little books whose conclusions are grounded in extensive research and common sense. Do you really care about the people who died on September 11th??  Or was it just so spectacularly horrible that you can't see or think straight anymore?  Do you honestly want terrorism to stop??  If so then start reading this book.  All the baggage screenings, roaming warrants and "precision" bombing of poor, thirld world countries is not going to stop terrorism. The first step that Americans need to take to stop terrorism is to stop sponsoring it all over the world.  Read Chomsky and then start looking things up on your own.  It's all there for you to find...Colombia, Nicaragua, Palestine, Turkey, Korea, Bosnia, Russia, Cuba, Vietnam (I'll leave US atrocities in Japan off the list since we were "at war"). Remember that evil begets evil. What it really boils down to though is this question: Do you value human life?  Based on the current state of things in the world today I would venture to say that most Americans don't.  We value our own lives, but are not too concerned about the lives' of others.  Or maybe we only care about HOW people die.  Are we angered more when we see a human instantly vaporized in a fiery explosion than slowly starve to death of hunger?  Does it sadden us more to see a mother wail in English over the death of her son than a mother grieving in Arabic or Spanish?  If you don't care that much about other people dying in the world that's OK with me.  We all have our own priorities and struggles.  Just as long as you realize that hundreds of people all over the world die every day so that we can live the way we do in this country. If that dosen't bother you then that's also fine.  It actually doesn't bother me too much.  I love living the way we do.  It's tons of fun. Just don't go around waving the American flag and thinking that people sit around waiting to blow themselves up because they are so angry that we have strip clubs, fast food, SUV's and are the "brightest beacon of freedom in the world." If you believe that then you are just as fanatical as the a@#holes that committed the crimes of September 11th.     