 The negative reviews of this book on Amazon are absolutely laughable.  First of all, regardless of your views, the editors of this collection of lectures and discussions should receive some special recognition.  The book is very well put together and reads like a novel. The access to footnotes and the amount of information contained in the footnotes is astounding.  Undergraduates in the social sciences have found their new go-to site for writing last minute term papers.  Chomksy is not particularly "critical" of "popular ideologies and organized structures" as one reviewer states, he just outlines and explains them for what they are and how they work.  He leaves it up to the reader to decide whether they like it or not. It just so happens that most readers will find the workings of corporate America and US foreign policy to be unsettling if not disturbing.  Personally, I'm not that bothered about the way our government "manufactures consent."  It's kind of one of the main foundations of our way of government. But to deny the plain truth of how our country works, for right or wrong, is just folly.     "Never one to be influenced by the facts of whatever issue he is writing about Noamie will twist all logic and reason..."??? What is this reviewer talking about?  Maybe I just can't understand him because he's talking out of his ass.  How many books have you read that need to start up a website just to post the footnotes? Chomsky knows what he is talking about and it shows. He intelligently shoots down every argument or popular misconception raised by his (very well educated) audiences with respect and clarity.  He even invites further discussion on the points that they raise.  And he does this on the spot. Chomsky's vast knowledge and grasp of his subject matter cannot be denied no matter what your political views so I don't know why his detractors even bother anymore, they just end up sounding like idiots.  I can see why people disagree with the way Chomsky feels that the world SHOULD work but if you don't believe that this is the way the world works NOW then you need to get out more. Go to some of the countries where the US conducts its questionable foreign policies. Spend some time in a power position in a large corporate conglomerate or a major university.   Even though many of the discussions in this book took place many years ago, I was surprised by their immediate relevancy to the issues in our world today.  Today, even after the horrible events of September 11th, one is hard pressed to find serious discussion of US foreign policy and its effects on the world in the popular media.  The one page note on the events of September 11th at the beginning of the book nicely points out to the reader the entire purpose for the book..."We hope that the book will provide a starting point for understanding, and will contribute to the critical debates-and changes-that must now occur." A very well put together book.  Nice work fellas     