 Heres the rundown; in 1994 'Burn My Eyes' debuted San Francisco's Machine Head, they were rooted in 80's thrash but had a brutality that was unheard until the 90's. To put it bluntly, they were alot like an alternative Pantera. 'The More Things Change' began the downfall, and then in '98 with the release of the 'Burning Red'. Burning Red was a band that saw that thrash/brutal metal wasn't as profitable; so they changed to a watered-down sound which fit right in with the nu-metal trend emerging at the time. (much like the move Sepultura made) This switch allowed them to still be cool with a new generation of kids; but it didn't work. Most people hated Burning Red and most people hated 2001's 'Supercharger' equally.  They were completely drenched in nu-metal, they even had a nu-metal looked and toured with nu-metal bands; so this isn't just a coencident.      Fast Forward to 2004 and we find yet again another new face and sound for Machine Head with 'Through the Ashes of Empires'.  Most people praise the album saying things like 'they found their roots' and 'this band is back!'. But guess what? All Machine Head did was copy another fad in an attempt to broaden their fan base and appeal to a new 'scene'.    This time arond MH are trying to sneak into the metalcore/new american metal scene (equally as lame as nu-metal). For starters there is the name of the album 'Through the Ashes of the Empires' which is, if you must know, a very cliche-sounding metalcore title. The music itself relies much on thrash-riffage, more spastic than usual time signatures, and a very large Swedish death metal influence. Much of this album sounds as though the band listened to some In Flames records right before writing their material. To me it sounds like a terrible marriage of In Flames and Adema; and in their video their frontman looks like a fool. This band would of never been invited to play the New England Hardcore and Metal Fest three years ago, yet they were apparent at this years.  If you want my opinion, which you are going to get regardless, this album stinks and is an attempt by this band to prove they are heavy again.  Sure they could easily be a heavier band than their last albums, but did they have to do it in such a boring, generic, and obviously trendy way?     