 "A Problem from Hell" is a straightforward condemnation of the US government for inadequately dealing with instances of twentieth century genocide in Armenia, Nazi Germany, Cambodia, Iraq, Bosnia, Rwanda, and Kosovo.  It is a passionately written and often suffers from an intemperate advocacy that doesn't seriously consider any counter-argument. The legal history of genocide is first reviewed, concentrating on the work of Raphael Lemkin, the lawyer who defined the word.  Implicit throughout that which follows is Lemkin's principle that the United States (or any other capable nation) has not only the right but the responsibility to interfere when genocide occurs.  Power argues that in every historical instance, the US government did in fact recognize genocide (even if it didn't admit as much) and refused to react adequately, if at all.  However, her reliance on international treaties and easy moral outrage makes for a rather weak case, for two reasons. First, the strongly interventionist position is advocated without any serious consideration of the costs.  Although she asserts that diplomatic and economic pressures might be effective, it is conceded that most cases would require military force and the deployment of ground troops.  At the very least this would lead to American deaths, and in some cases carries that danger of a wider war.  Such concerns are generally dismissed as a "realist" stance which needn't be a concern in the face of genocide, although it is acknowledged that NATO intervention in Kosovo has had "mixed" results. The book's second and greater weakness is to place the blame for immoral inaction on top State Department officials and, ultimately, presidential administrations without addressing the public opinions by which they are constrained.  The Clinton administration, for example, is faulted for not following through on a promise to act in Bosnia, without noting that this relatively minor (and narrowly targeted) campaign promise would become a major issue if substantial military force later became necessary.  Likewise, interventionist State Department officers are depicted as victims of their timid superiors without much explanation of the constraints of public opinion when, in fact, a strong interventionist policy could only have followed if there had been public support.  Power's indictment of presidential administrations should really be explicitly extended to the voters who put these folks in power, people who aren't terribly interested in assuming the responsibilities of an international SWAT team.     