 "Nickel and Dimed" might have been an informative study of the living and working conditions of low-wage workers, something like a modern version of "The Road to Wigan Pier".  Although Orwell's book was an exercise in proving his preconceptions, he was careful and observant in describing the horrific living and working conditions of depression-era coal miners.  "Nickel and Dimed" is, in contrast, primarily an inventory of the author's prejudices, incompetence, condescension, and petty hatreds.  A few bits of interesting (though not particularly novel) statistical information on the working poor sneak in through the footnotes, but otherwise "Nickel and Dimed" is merely a monumental exercise in solipsism.  Dr Ehrenreich's topic is her own limited experience; she only occasionally writes about her coworkers and it is done in terms of breakroom gossip and personal speculations.  The pages in between are filled with an angry prima donna's disdain for paid labor, contempt for social inferiors, loathing of wealthier people, and respect for herself alone (and perhaps Lewis Lapham). Taken as a memoir the book might still have been worthwhile, but it is unfortunately composed in the snide voice of a narcissistic freshman who seeks to demonstrate superior humor through easy sarcasm and superior morality with easier sanctimony.  It is awfully tiring.  The conclusive chapter, in which I hoped might redeem the book with some valuable insight, starts with a charitable self-evaluation, moves on to a promising discussion of the immense problem of rent inflation, but returns to admittedly thin musings on her coworkers' mindsets drawn primarily from her own preconceptions and her extremely brief life as a wage slave.  The class warrior rhetoric is a little hard to take seriously from a narrator who openly loathes the "owner class" two chapters before reporting a $20000 tax "subsidy" from her mortgage deduction.  (It is unclear to this renter whether the figure refers to the amount of income deduction or actual tax savings, but either way it sounds like an ownership situation.) "Nickel and Dimed" was both frustrating and remarkably disappointing.  I was hoping to read an honest and illuminating study of the working poor, but instead I got a snarky adolescent memoir which became increasingly boring by the page.  For some insight into low-wage workers, I strongly suspect that books like Studs Terkel's "Working" and Alison Owings's "Hey Waitress!" are far more lucid and enlightening.  If the "undercover journalist" element is what you're after, try Ted Conover's "Newjack".     