 I too was very impressed with this cassette deck from JVC.  Mine cost $250(Can), and I needed the features that this deck had to offer.  The sound was very impressive, and once you know what you were doing, the deck was simple to operate.  There was even a Mic input (a feature which I thought had all but disappeared from cassette decks).  The unit had a nice solid feel to it, and the instructions were easy to follow.  Too make a long story short, the unit performed flawlessly for just over three months, then my problems started. (and just as soon as the warranty expired of course).  I noticed that some of my tapes started dragging.  I thought it might be a tension problem with my cassettes, but those tapes would play fine on my car deck and my cheap Panasonic boom box downstairs.  Turns out the problem was the drive belts had started slipping (as mentioned by another reviewer).  I thought OK, I'll take it in to get repaired.  Well, that wasn't the only problem with this machine.  After sitting in the service centre for two weeks, the tech called me to say that the power supply was shorting out, and he also said I had a defective speed governor (which is somehow connected to the pitch control), and that's what was causing speed and tension problems with my tapes.  The cost of repairs?  $200.  I said forget about it and brought the deck back home.  I now have a completely useless component staring at me on my stereo system...  For the most part, I've phased out my cassette collection, but I still make recordings every now and then, and still have a few pre-recorded tapes that I haven't been able to find on CD yet.  So, I basically spent $250 on a lemon.  (my JVC VCR lasted only three months too)  For the record, I used to think of highly of not only JVC, but Panasonic, Sony and Toshiba as well.  Not anymore.  JVC (like most others), has outsourced most of its suppliers to Mexico, China and Malaysia, which produces absolute junk as far as I'm concerned.  Truthfully, if I were the president or CEO of any  these companies, I would be ashamed to manufacture, market and sell this garbage.  But since ethics aren't part of any business anymore, and the latter is just a quick trip to the bank for the execs, then WHO cares?  It's throw-away from the top down and the bottom up with rare exception.  I give up.  Doesn't ANYONE make quality electronics anymore?  Mostly all consumer electronics these days are nothing more than fancy toys that WILL break.  It's almost guaranteed.  Thank-you so much JVC.  You have lost my trust, and I will never again purchase another piece of garbage from your once mighty company.     