 I just finished the book last night.  I now have a better understanding of society, and indeed of the world around me. (and how everything now makes sense) Almost from the moment of birth, we are conditioned to believe a certain way.  We are fed spoon after spoon that we MUST keep up with Jones' and keep chasing that almighty dollar and in turn, our pursuit of happiness and the "American Dream"...  The authors go on to say how we are made to feel guilty if we ever stop in our pursuit of money and material things.  We have become a society of WANT WANT WANT, at any financial and emotional cost.  While we struggle with soaring consumer debt, outrageous interest rates, rising utility costs, astronomical education costs, we are constantly reminded that without these things, we are nothing.  Basically, the message here is watch out for number 1!  Make sure you have that mansion on the hill with a three-car garage and a mortgage up to your neck!  Make sure you have at least three vehicles! Be certain to get a membership at the local golf and country club! BUY!BUY!BUY!  Max out those $50,000 credit cards (at 28% interest), and don't forget to take the family to Disney World twice a year!  It's no wonder that the youth of today has become so spoiled rotten.  We have CONDITIONED them to believe from an early age that more is better.  If little Johnny has a Nintendo, then you'd also better buy a Gamecube an X-Box and a PlayStation!  If my neighboor just bought a boat, then I'd better buy a bigger one.  If my co-worker takes a trip to Europe, then I'd better book a round-the-world cruise!  Do you see what I'm getting at here?  A recent survey stated that the average typical household now owes anywhere from $10 to $20,000 ALONE just in credit card debts.  It's almost a paradox how our "money" isn't even real anymore, it's just a sea of numbers and credits on paper .  The amount of personal debt that we owe exceeds what the Federal Reserve has in print! (Canadians too!).  Personal bankruptcies are at an all time high, and university students often find themselves up in arms when they graduate, only to be stuck with thousands of dollars in tuition debt because they can't find that "dream job" that everyone promised them...  It's funny how we want to be paid $50 an hour to stand around and do nothing, all the while expecting the education system to raise our kids and get them ready for the real world!  And then we sit and wonder why the divorce rate is over 50%, why families are self-destructing, why it takes two people to work today, why we have so many health problems, and why we never appear to be happy, despite the fact that we seem to "have it all".  The authors also examine how the capitalist mindset is behind this current epidemic, and how our mental and spiritual health has gone down the sewer because of it.  The book also mentions the tragic impact this "throw-away" society is having on our environment-and our wallets.  (yes it's true--most things are only made to last so long and basically self-destruct--it's called planned obsolescence - to keep us buying).  Perhaps on some levels, part of this sickness has been caused by some insecurity on our part, or maybe it's simply because we, as humans, are inherently selfish in our desire to seek more and more.  It's just like that old saying goes, the more we have, the more we want.  With the holidays now behind us, I remember the conversation I had with my fellow workers about why Christmas has become such a commercialized circus.  Well, the answer to that question is because we have MADE IT THAT WAY.  Almost from the moment that Halloween is over, we are bombarded with Christmas commercials about the newest toys and latest gadgets, and how we MUST have these things as our lives might somehow be incomplete without them!  I have a friend who moved here from India in 1987.  He went on to tell that me that he has NEVER seen people so materialistic as the West.  Our kids are rude and disrespectful, we are surrounded by angry, frustrated people who fly off the handle over the most trivial things, we have road-rage, store rage, people who cuss and swear with every word, etc.  This is something I have noticed more and more within the last decade or so, and I would say that at least from my perspective, it IS getting worse with each passing year. (Just watch Judge Judy or Joe Brown if you don't believe me. Most of the lawsuits are brought on by stupid, self-righteous, greedy people).   Inspite of our high standard of living, the many freedoms and luxuries we enjoy, we STILL have the nerve to complain and pursue more material possessions in our quest to feel good and be part of the "in crowd".  It's almost disturbing that Christmas has become such a secular holiday controlled entirely by greedy merchants and the credit card companies, but it's also a sad testament to how far we, as humans, have fallen.  Is there any hope for future generations, or are we all heading towards financial ruin and a global economic meltdown that only we brought on ourselves?  I remember what my late grandfather always used to say: "If you can't afford to pay cash for something, then you're not meant to have it".  Words of wisdom for this "me" generation...    The recent falling dollar, combined with many other national and global crisis really makes you stop and wonder just where we are heading.  You be the judge.  Read the book and come to your own conclusions.  Perhaps we all need to re-evaluate ourselves and our lives AND the very things we believe in.  I think that in the end, we all need to stop and ask ourselves if this is all worth it, before it's too late.  Our waters and skies are poisoned.  Humanity is at war with itself, and we are spending ourselves into oblivion.  All this just to keep up with the Jones'...  Folks, life is too short and too precious.  Live for today. Plan for tomorrow. Hope for the best, but be prepared for the worst.     