 I loved this movie!  I am a giant-size fan of the Japanese version of Sailor Moon and I finally got to see some! And I know it's pathetic, but I have the theme song in Japanese memorized. The first episode in "Back from the Future" is The Arrival of the Tiny Pretty Soldier.  In this episode we meet Eugeal from the Witches 5, also after the heart crystals.  Usagi and the other girls are participating in the Juban festival.  Rei has invited a fantastic Japanese drummer to drum at the festival.  When Eugeal and her Daimohn, Soyer, show up for the drummer's pure heart, Usagi and Rei are on the job!  In the midst of the battle, Chibi Usa shows up!   She is now a Sailor senshi, Sailor Chibi Moon.  Pink Sugar Heart attack is hilarious!  Chibi Moon is adorable, too.  In the next episode, Seeking Friends!  Chibi Moon's Actions, Chibi Usa searches for friends, for Neo Queen Serenity told her it would create valuable encounters.  Her first would-be friend doesn't work out so well.  Then she sees a cute boy!  Searching for him, she is reunited with Mamoru, who is on a date with Usagi.  Haruka and Michiru show up and invite Usagi, Mamoru and Chibi Usa to a tea ceremony.  The cute boy Chibi Usa saw turns out to be the master of a famous Japanese tea style.  Chibi Usa is practically in love with Tamasaburo.  When Eugeal shows up with another Daimohn, Chagarma, for Tamasaburo's pure heart, Chibi Moon is there!  She does the first part of the battle, then Sailor Moon and Tuxedo Kamen show up to finish Chagarma off.  The episode ends in a funny way.  ^^'  In the last episode, Mako-chan's Lost Path (I think this title is incorrect) Makoto is training at a temple, hoping to improve her skills in senshi battles.  She finds a mentor there, Kakusui-san, a monk who trains there.  Usagi and her friends go to the temple, Usagi in hopes of seeing Mamoru at a nearby hotel where he is working.  When Eugeal and her Daimohn decide they want Kakusui-san's pure heart, Sailor Jupiter and the senshi decide to stop them.  Sailor Jupiter wants to defeat the Daimohn herself.  Remembering words of advice from Kakusui, she defeats it with her Sparkling Wide Pressure. I loved this movie!...     