 Konnichi wa!  As you may have noticed, I made the title for my review like the title of a Japanese episode.  ^_^  Anyhow, in Sailor Moon S: Birthday Blues there are some big happenings.  In the first ep, Retire from the Sailor Soldiers?! Minako's Concerns, Minako is feeling a little bad.  This is because since she is a Sailor Senshi, she has not much time for love and she wants a boyfriend.  Particularly Asai, a boy who plays on Minako's old volleyball team.  Unfortunately, Kaorinite and a Daimohn target Asai next.  Sailor Venus and the others show up.  The Daimohn encases Asai's pure heart in a pink energy ball, and now it's a game of volleyball for Asai's pure heart!  Sailor Venus concentrates hard, though, and uses her volleyball skills to catch the crystal and return it to Asai.  In the next ep, Usagi in Tears!  Glass Slippers for her birthday, it is a special day: Usagi's birthday!  Usagi sees some glass slippers in a shop window and runs to Mamoru to get him to buy them.  Mamoru, however, has forgotten her birthday!  Usagi, angry and for good reason, slaps him across the face.  After crying for a while, she slumps over to the study group at Rei's and discovers a surprise party there!  Usagi thanks them but is very upset when Rei tells her Mamoru didn't forget her birthday, he never knew!  Meanwhile, Mamoru has called Rei and buys Usagi the glass slippers which are infected with a Daimohn after Usagi's heart crystal!  Even worse, after Usagi and Mamoru make up, Kaorinite discovers Sailor Moon's identity and Tuxedo Kamen is frozen in glass!  In the last ep, The Pure Heart Stolen!  Usagi's biggest crisis, Usagi runs to Tokyo Tower to save Tuxedo Kamen.  When catching a ride with Haruka and Michiru, she connects them to Uranus and Neptune.  During this, Ai no Senshi plays---this ep is much better than the english version!  Usagi arrives at Tokyo Tower.  Her pure heart is taken, but it is not a talisman!  Usagi is in trouble.  Suddenly, the Sailor Senshi, including Venus pretending to be Moon, show up and save Usagi from being found out as Sailor Moon.  After she is saved and able to henshin, Kaorinite confronts Uranus and Neptune on a lower level.  The Sailor Senshi help them out and Kaorinite is finally defeated!  I loved this movie! ~Usagi-Bunny     