 Spirited Away is a wonderful, gorgeous movie.  It is the best anime I have ever seen and it may just be the best movie I have ever seen.  I waited until the DVD release so that I could watch the version in Japanese, with subtitles.  Even my five-year-old brother, who can't read yet and is therefore usually bored when I watch anime, sat through the entire thing in Japanese several times and loved it. Chihiro is an average ten-year-old girl who is moving, and like most ten-year-old girls in this situation, doesn't want to.  She sits in the back of her car, depressed, when her father makes a wrong turn.  They enter a tunnel and go into a mysterious town, where her parents begin to eat the food.  Chihiro looks around a bit, and then a strange boy comes up to her, yelling at her, "Get out of here!  It's almost night!  Go back across the river, hurry!"  Chihiro runs back to her parents to find they have turned into pigs; it is getting dark and strange creatures are roaming about.  Naturally, she is frightened.  The boy, who is called Haku, tells her to find work with Kamaji, who in turn tells her to go to Yubaba, the witch that rules.  Chihiro gets work, and her name is changed to Sen. The journey that Sen/Chihiro embarks upon is amazing.  She meets the most interesting cast of characters, and by the end, has everyone on her side.  From Haku, who she feels a mysterious connection with, to the odd Kao-nashi (No-Face), the world is inhabited with the most interesting people and...creatures.  Chihiro's biggest journey is her journey as a person.  She becomes very different from who she was before.  I think this movie should be mandatory viewing for every young child before they can grow up into the "sad" young children of today.  (Okay, I'm not *that* old myself, but anyhow...) As for the younger set...parents should determine whether it would be scary or not for their child.  I think most children would be fine with it, but I would recommend parental viewing of this DVD first if you are unsure.  My brother, who is scared of many things and has nightmares, enjoyed the movie very much.   I would recommend this to anyone, also the soundtrack, which I own.  It's very beautiful.     