 This book bridges the gap between Judaism and Christianity and refutes alot of preconceived ideas that Hellenistic Platonic ideas embellished what began as a simple Jewish Messianic movement.  Barker claims that the rituals of the Orthodox Church go back to a more ancient form of Judaism based on the First Temple which was suppressed in the 7th century BC by King Josiah and later Ezra who rewrote the Old Testament which we now have. However, the beliefs of this form of First Temple Judaism were still prevalent in Jesus' day and were revered by groups such as the community responsible for the Dead Sea Scrolls and the Jewish Apocryphal literature.  After 70AD this form of Judaism survived in Christianity.   Some of these ideas are found sporadically in the Old Testament ie Ezekiel's vision of the Chariot Throne, Isaiah's visions in the Holy of Holies, and the seventh chapter of Daniel's "Son of Man".  However, the emphasis on the Melchizedek Priesthood, Enoch, and Heavenly ascents which are found in the New Testament, especially Hebrews and Revelation, are all but absent in the Old Testament.   First Temple Judaism stressed the idea that certain mortals achieved a divine status and ascended to Heaven while they were still alive, that Yahweh, the Lord of Israel was the Son of God and that Wisdom was his mother.  The emphasis and revered status of Wisdom was replaced by the Law by Jewish reformers returning from Babylon.   Jesus saw himself as the incarnation of the Lord of Israel, the preexistant Son of God.  The vision he had of Heaven opening during his baptism, of the entire world when he was in the wilderness, and his transfiguration were all part of a belief system which can only be found in the New Testament and Jewish apocryphal literature, particularly the books of Enoch, The Ascension of Isaiah, and the Odes of Solomon.   Barker defends Philo's premise that Plato was more influenced by Judaism than the other way around.  Pythagorus, who influenced Plato, received his religious ideas in Palestine and Syria during the time of Ezekiel and before the reform of Judaism.    The Eucharist, which is the most important sacrament beside baptism, is the continuation of the Day of Atonement ritual in which Jesus took the roles of the High Priest as well as the sacrifice.  Orthodox churches still perform the ritual in a separate area of the church which corresponds to the Holy of Holies in the First Temple which represents Heaven on Earth.   Many of the rituals of the primitive church to include the liturgy, signing with the cross, praying toward the east, were passed down from Jesus and the disciples in secret and were not committed to writing because the deeper meanings of these rituals could only be understood by a few.  Some of the earliest fathers attested to this to include, Clement of Alexandria, Origen, Ignatius of Antioch, and Basil of Caesarea.    The Orthodox liturgy is a reenactment of the events portrayed in the book of Ezekiel and Revelation.  The deeper meanings of these two books can only be understood as such and not turned into ridiculous modern day science fiction.   Barker spends alot of time discussing the significance of the ancient Holy of Holies which contained the ark and the throne of the Lord and how ancient kings, beginning with Solomon were anointed with divine status there and how prophets received revelations there.  The figure of Wisdom, the feminine aspect of God the Father, was described in The Gospel of the Hebrews as Jesus' mother, not unlike Philo writing about Wisdom giving birth to the Logos.  The Trinity doctrine and the veneration of Mary were not Hellenistic additions to Christianity but sprang from the very Judaism which Jesus and his followers belonged to which was suppressed and all but destroyed by both Christians and Jews later on.     I'm glad I ordered the paperback version of this book when I did.  It should definitely be brought back.     