   I like some of Pink Floyd's music and heard so many songs from the album that I finally decided to purchase and watch the video.  Roger Waters was wise in sticking to music and not going into the movie making business.    This is a bizarre and completely incoherent saga of a self-absorbed rock star tortured by his past and going insane with his present situation.  You have to figure out for yourself what the plot is about, so bear with me while I attempt to interpret this thing.   The main character, "Pink Floyd's" father was killed on a battlefield and he grows up with an over protective mother who tries to shield him from pain by starting to build a wall which Floyd adds to later on in life.  He attends a strict institutional school where a rigid schoolmaster ridicules his poetry in front of the class.  Later, as an adult, his wife, who he completely ignores, has an affair.  Floyd calls her when she is in bed with another guy and she hangs up on him, thus, another "brick in the wall".   Throughout the movie, Floyd obsesses over these things and exaggerates them in his mind.  The school he attended becomes a factory where kids are transformed into faceless creatures and fed into a meat grinder.  An erotic cartoon plays in his head where two flowers are copulating and the female flower devours the male flower and turns into a monster.   Floyd's present condition, a pampered, over-indulged rock star with screaming, demanding fans, groupies that throw themselves at him, and producers and promoters that leach off him drives him to insanity.  The wall which he has built to shut everything out becomes his biggest nightmare.   In a fit of rage, he trashes his hotel suite and terrifies a young groupie then passes out from either an overdose or a mental breakdown.  His producers and promoters give him injections to revive him for the show which transform him into a psychopathic Hitler-type character with an army of skinheads for fans who try to take over the country.  Thus we have cartoons of mass destruction and goose-stepping hammers.   Finally, Floyd, after bouncing back and forth from past to present and reality to fantasy, becomes a faceless naked creature trapped inside his wall with beastly cartoon characters trying to break in.  The wall blows up and the movie ends with children picking up the scraps.   There are alot of tired, old anti-establishment themes from the late 60's throughout the movie but nobody has a real solution for anything.  It's also hard to identify with a narcissistic, self-absorbed prima dona who drives himself nuts. In one scene, Floyd, as an adult, is curled up on his bed in a fetal position while asking his mother (in his mind) if "They're going to drop the bomb" or if she thinks his girlfriend/wife is  going to "tear her little boy apart".   I often felt like reaching into the screen to slap this guy and tell him to get over it.   It's hard to say if Bob Geldof, who plays "Pink" Floyd, is a good actor because he hardly says anything.  Most of the time his character is staring into space or into a TV screen trying to blot everything out.   The best part of the movie is the imaginitive but weird animation.  This film displays the hedonistic narcissism of pop-rock culture.  It is very confusing and somewhat nauseating.     