   This is a good book but besides being long winded and redundant, it falls short of the mark.    I agree with the main thesis of this book, that Jesus and the Jersusalem community headed by James shared the same ultimate aspirations as the Zealots; the restoration of the Kingdom of God to Israel and the end of Roman rule.  That Jesus' disciples believed he was the Messiah of Israel who would return to establish the Kingdom in Israel and drive out the Romans is another point I agree with.    The author makes a good point that Jesus was crucified for his claim of being the King of the Jews, that he was probably crucified between two other revolutionaries, and that his triumphant entry into Jerusalem and demonstration in the Temple had popular backing.  The idea that Pontius Pilate would be so stupid and cowed by the Priest to release Bar Abbas and execute an innocent Jesus is also good.     However, Jesus, like Paul, believed the coming of the Kingdom would be a cosmic, supernatural event. I hardly think he was sitting at the right hand of God to return as simply a local national leader.  This is clearly illustrated in the book f Revelation which was very subversive in its own rite.  Jesus' talking about the Kingdom being taken by force and teaching his disciples not to return evil for evil is a veiled criticism of the Zealot movement.  Jesus' "rendering unto Caesar" is better understood that Caesar's money had no value in the Kingdom  because that Kingdom would soon be obsolete.  (Bart Ehrman's "Jesus: The Apocalyptic Prophet..." is much more credible than this book).     Graham Stanton, in his excellent book "Gospel Truth?..." does an excellent critique of this book which he claims was embraced by political activists in the 60's.  Jesus' teaching love of enemies and acceptance of tax collectors goes back to the Q sayings which antedate the gospels.  In addition, these teachings go against the grain of organized religion and could not have been made up.  In addition, the fact that only Jesus was arrested at Gethsemane and not by Roman soldiers is proof that the Romans did not percieve him as a threat until after he was turned over to them and made his own messianic confession.     Brandon makes a crucial point in his own book which he fails to elaborate on because it would steer his readers away from his main thesis.  This is the point which proves beyond a doubt that neither Jesus not the Jerusalem community were aligned with the Zealot movement, even thought they had the same aspiration.  The fact that the Jerusalem community was allowed to thrive at least for a while could not have happened if they had ever espoused a violent political revolution against Rome.  While the Hellenistic faction was driven out of Jersusalem by the High Priests (using Saul of Tarsus) due to their radical stance againt the Temple (see my review of Marcel Simon's "St. Stephen and the Hellenists"), James and the other apostles were allowed to stay and openly worship in the Temple right under the noses of Roman soldiers.  In contrast, the Zealots hid out in caves and had to enter Jerusalem under cloak and dagger.      