   I previously reviewed Margaret Barker's book as the best book written about Jesus in modern times.  From a spiritual and esoteric perspective, I still feel that way.  However, from an historical perspective Ehrman is the best and most concise.     Ehrman doesn't try to create his own gospel.  He accepts the gospels for what they are and cuts through to the basic common denominator. Jesus, from an historical perspective, started out as an apocalyptic prophet who continued the message of his mentor, John the Baptist as a result of the turbulent political climate in Palestine.  Jesus saw his role as preparing Israel for the imminent end of the world heralded by Daniel's "Son of Man" and the coming Kingdom of God.     This is not a comforting book for people who subscribe to the warm and fuzzy gospel of health and prosperity.  The radical teachings of Jesus have to be taken at face value (which so many so-called "fundamentalists" refuse to do.)  Jesus did not support family values and seemingly had no regard for the present world.  The idea of leaving your home and family, giving away all of your wealth and possessions, and taking up a cross of martyrdom can only make sense if one believes that the present system is going to end very soon and thus has no real value.  Jesus had no interest in making the world a nicer place because it was going to end.  His role was to prepare Israel for the future.     One of many examples Ehrman gives is the nonchalant attitude Jesus has about rendering unto Caesar what belongs to Caesar.  Far from being a gesture of submission, Jesus essentially was saying that Roman coins would have no value in God's Kingdom and since Caesar and his kingdom would soon end, why fight it?  The same applies to Jesus' teachings of unconditional forgiveness, love of enemies, and turning the other cheek.  In the real world, there could be no law and order or justice if this were put in practice (a point excellently brought out by Joseph Klausner's "Jesus of Nazareth").  Jesus wanted his followers to cancel all the debts that others owed them since they would soon be judged by God.  Jesus demanded unconditional love of God and man as well as a fearless willingness to die as a martyr for the sake of the Kingdom.  To prepare for the Kingdom, all ties with the present have to be broken.     Ehrman claims that Jesus' prediction of the destruction of the Temple was authentic in light of it being replaced by a new Temple.  The fact that "no stone would be left in place" is contrary to the fact that after 70 a.d., the Western Wall was left standing.  Thus it is not a gospel writer trying to explain that event.     Ehrman's explanation of the parable of the mustard seed is that Jesus and his followers represent the Kingdom coming into the present which would someday encompass the entire world.  Jesus' miracles and exorcisms were a prophetic demonstration of the presence of that Kingdom where the sick would be healed, the dead would be raised, and demons would be banished.  Luke's "the Kingdom of God is among you" reinforces this concept as opposed to the esoteric idea that it is "within you" as proposed by Tolstoy.     These ideas were also shared by the Apostle Paul whose radical ideas can be seen in light of the imminent destruction of the present order (no time to impose kosher laws on gentiles wanting to enter the Kingdom).  Like Jesus, Paul believed his generation would see the Kingdom (1Thess. 4:15-17).    Even though Jesus talked about The Son of Man as someone other than himself, his immediate followers, after his crucifixion, believed that The Son of Man would be Jesus returning from Heaven.  Judas' betrayal was not simply telling the Temple mercenaries where Jesus' was (they could have followed him on their own).  What Judas really probably betrayed was Jesus' messianic claims which he revealed only to his disciples.  The fact that Jesus was crucified as the King of the Jews leaves no doubt that Jesus believed himself to be the Messiah of Israel.  The fact that Jesus' followers believed he would return as the Son of Man can only be explained by their firm belief that he was raised from the dead by God.     Ehrman claims that modern evangelical doomsayers like "Hal Lindsay and his ilk" pick and choose what they want Jesus to say.  I would add that these prophets for profit may talk as if the world were ending but they sure don't live as if it were ending (which is why I refuse to take them seriously).     