 The only reason I gave this book 4 stars instead of 5 was because it was way too long-winded.  This is perhaps the editor's fault as well as the writer's.   The author makes the convincing argument that without the actual bodily resurrection of Jesus, Christianity as we know it would not exist.   Wright makes it very clear that resurrection is an actual physical existence or a coming back to earth in a body after your life after death or "life after life after death".  It is not a soul or ether ascending to Heaven nor is it a resuscitation of a corpse.  It is a complete transformation into an incorruptible physical existence as explained by the Apostle Paul. Christianity is true to its Jewish roots in believing in the physical resurrection which was a foreign idea to gentiles.   Wright talks about the earliest ideas of resurrection developed in Daniel 12:12 and Ezekiel 37 which became more personalized in 2 Maccabees in which martyrs or those suffering from injustice would be vindicated in the world to come by obtaining a new physical but incorruptible life and inheriting a transformed earth.   The resurrection of Jesus was an unexpected event which could not be fully comprehended or explained by the gospel writers.  This accounts for the lack of Biblical exegis or implications in the gospel accounts.   The resurrection of Jesus was seen as a renewal of God's covenant not only with Israel but with all of creation as well. It was a restoration of creation.  The age to come had entered into the present age.  Those belonging to this new covenant were living in the age to come (the Spirit) even though still stuck in the present corruptible age (the flesh) according to Paul.  The "Spirit" allows believers to experience the resurrected life in the present life.   Paul's apostleship was never challenged by the other disciples because he had been a witness of the resurrected Jesus. This was a limited event which was witnessed by a limited number of people during a period of time after the crucifixion.  Thus, it was not some visionary experience.  Paul admits to being unprepared and unworthy of the event since he had not been one of Jesus' followers and had actually persecuted the movement.   One of the best points made in the book was that the doctrine of bodily resurrection was a revolutionary doctrine which led to the persecution of Christians.  The idea of a kingdom on earth replacing all other kingdoms could not be tolerated by the Roman authorities.  A religion which taught that the souls of the dead would go to some otherworldly place would never pose a threat to authority.   Other than its length and numerous redundancies, this book is definitely worth reading.     