    This book, along with Israel Knohl's "The Messiah Before Christ" (see my review) present conflicting but very credible theories concerning the Qumran Teacher of Righteousness and how he may have been a catalyst for Jesus' self understanding as the Messiah of Israel.     Wise identifies the Teacher as an individual named Judah who started a breakaway movement about 76 b.c. in opposition to the Pharasaic takeover of the Temple.  We can surmise that this may be the Essene leader of the same name mentioned in Josephus but Wise leaves that up to the reader.     Wise goes through each of the hymns he believes were written by Judah which gives us the only authentic self portrait we have of a Jewish messianic leader almost contemporaneous with Jesus.  These writings are crucial to our understanding of Jesus and the New Testament.  Rather than undermining the New Testament, which so many sensationalists have done, the Thanksgiving Hymns actualy support the claims that were made about Jesus.  They also explain why Jesus may have been so hostile to Pharisees since these were Judah's antagonists as well.    Wise claims that the "Self Glorification Hymn" was probably written after Judah's martyrdom by his followers which is strikingly similar to what Jesus' followers handed down to us in the New Testament.     Even if you don't agree with Wise's theories, he gives us an outstanding and in depth overview of the Dead Sea Scroll community.  The Damascus Document gives us a history of the community similar to the Book of Acts.  The progression of the hymns written by Judah reveals how his own movement progressed and was in danger of collapsing when many of his followers turned on him.  It reveals the diversity of Judaism and how they were pitted against eachother even though the ultimate enemy was the foreign invader ie Rome.  The War Scroll is a cryptic diatribe against Rome, similar to the Book of Revelation, and that Rome would be desroyed on a cosmic and supernatural scale, not by human political movements.    Jesus probably became familiar with Judah's legacy through John the Baptist who was probably a member of this community at one time.  After John was killed, Jesus took the messianic role upon himself which Judah had done a hundred years prior.    The most important idea in this book is that if Judah could believe this about himself, why not Jesus?     