 I can't believe this book showed up on the NY Times best seller list.  I thought it had faded into the obscurity it so richly deserves but I guess The DaVinci Code has resurrected alot of this tired old nonsense.   First of all, the Knights Templar were accused of heresy but most of them denied it even under torture and death.  The real reason they were hunted down by the church was because King Philip "the fair" of France wanted to get his hands on their wealth and their lands in France and had his puppet pope, Clement V, carry it out under trumped up charges of heresy.  Prior to this, they were very devout in their Catholic beliefs and never converted to any Muslim or Gnostic beliefs.  Their mission was not to excavate the site of the ancient Temple but to protect Christian pilgrims visiting the Holy Land.  The Templars were established by the church, not by some secret society in France.    The book claims that Emperor Diocletian purged earlier Christian writings in 303 AD and that the New Testament is a product of the 4th century.  This is absolute nonsense!  Second century Christian martyrs such as Justin, Ignatius of Antioch, and Irenaeus testified to and quoted the New Testament long before Diocletian.    The book claims that the Essenes repudiated Judaism for Gnostic dualism.  Please show me where in any of the Dead Sea Scrolls that Gnostic dualism is expounded or the idea of the creator God being the wicked "Demiurge".   The book makes the claim that Jesus was some kind of Zealot warrior king but was Essene in his beliefs.  Since the only writings we have about the Essenes describe them as pacifists, which was it?    There are way too many "what ifs", "may have beens", and "probably's" in this book.  ie "Bar Abbas may have been Jesus' son" or "Joseph of Arimathea was probably kin to Jesus" is like saying Saddam Hussein "may have been" Hitler's son since they were both psychopaths and had mustaches.    The book claims their may have been a connection between the Merovingians and Jewish Nazarites since Merovingians had long hair parted in the middle.  In that case, many rock stars and Charles Manson may have been connected to the Jewish Nazarites as well.    The book references the Koranic belief that Jesus didn't actually die on the cross.  So we are to believe 8th century Arabic writings over second century Christian writings?!!    The bottom line is, the "Holy Grail" was a medeival myth that started in Europe and had nothing to do with a family bloodline. This belongs in the fiction and fantasy section right beside The DaVinci Code.     