 This book could've gotten four stars as an eyewitness account to the sad situation in Chechnya had it not been for the author's self aggrandizement which taints its credibility.    The author comes across as an undisciplined street punk who does his own thing and has to have everything his way.  Being former military, I was amazed how this guy was able to just come and go as he pleased and shoot up anything he wanted to.  When he didn't like his situation, or who he was with, he just up and left.    It seemed that the people he fought with spent alot of time driving him around and taking care of him which makes me wonder if he was more of a liability and a burden than an assett.  I bet at least some of his comrades were glad to see him go.  As a previous reviewer noted, he seemed to be passed around alot.   The guy definitely has an overblown idea of his own importance and thinks he should be treated as a hero and that the world owes him something.      I think the FBI was pretty charitable keeping him on the dole for as long as they did despite the fact that he provided them with nothing of any value, only gave them problems, and wanted everything his way.  The mainstream Muslim community didn't open themselves up to him, not because he was too radical (as he states in his book) but because he wasn't one of them and they probably didn't trust him.  This guy's dreaming if he thinks he could ever penetrate Al-Qaeda.    He complained that the two agents who handled him cared more about their careers than the mission.  The truth is, they probably realized neither the mission nor their careers were going anywhere with him.    The lesson to be learned here is that there is a huge difference between heroes and fools.  Heroes serve their country to defend the liberties which allow guys like Collins to spout off.  Fools go off on their own misadventures leaving their wife and child to fend for themselves; get hurt because they can't follow orders; and then expect to be treated like a hero.     