    This book brings to light a little known hymn from the Dead Sea Scrolls which sheds alot of light on Jesus and his followers. It also stresses the importance of the "Suffering Servant" theme in first century Jewish Messianic beliefs.     The "Self Glorification Hymn", probably written by the Qumran Teacher, himself reveals the belief in a mortal, after rejection and martyrdom, achieving a divine or semi-divine status and being exalted to Heaven.  This and the books of Enoch blow apart all the modern liberal theories which try to refute the New Testament.     The author makes a good argument that Menahem the Essene was the Teacher of Righteousness, although there are other excellent but conflicting arguments (see my review of Michael Wise's "The Saviour Before Christ").      Whether you agree with the author or not, his argument that the "Paraclete" in John's Gospel refers to Jesus as another Menahem is very credible and fascinating.  The word Paraclete or comforter can be derived from the name "Menahem" and is also connected with the Messiah in rabbinic literature.  Knohl's credential as a Hebrew scholar speaks for itself and I have no reason to doubt these claims.  Knohl also claims that a passage concerning two messianic leaders in Revelation 11 refers to Menahem.     The book claims that Jesus became acquainted with Menahem's legacy through John the Baptist who was more than likely a member of the Qumran community at one time.  Jesus may have started out as a Galilean Hasid who continued John the Baptist's apocalyptic message, but somewhere along the line, perhaps after John's death, he took upon himself the role of the Suffering Servant Messiah to continue and complete what Menahem had started.  The fact that Menahem was rejected by the Pharisees may explain Jesus' condemnation of the same.     Whether you agree with the author or not, his exposition of the "Self Glorification Hymn" sheds a new light on Jesus' own self understanding and what was recorded about him in the New Testament.     