 Randall Robinson probes deeper than the obvious monetary compensation which 'debt' implies.  He defines the psychic and social scars of slavery that no amount of money can right. Race relations in America today are at a perilous crossroads.  As an influential world power, and as human beings, it's long past time for us to step up to the plate and do the right thing.  In "The Debt", Robinson has given us a road map to begin the dialogue out of which reparations, social and fiscal programs and political power can be realized by black Americans.  Looming before all of us is the gargantuan task of fulfilling his vision. I'd like to believe that as a nation, we can rise to the challenge.  However, I fear we have yet to reach such a level of civic maturity and responsibility. Before the issue of reparations can be broached successfully, many comfortable, privileged, complacent white folk will need to be shaken to the core and convinced to finally share this nation equally. Through this book, Robinson has given me renewed hope and fear.  Hope, that though the task is enormous, we can no longer deny the truth, the responsibility and the onus of reversing a 250+-year trend. Fear, that before progress is realized, the streets may fill with blood. Robinson peppers his text with fascinating historical facts and thought-provoking quotes.  The book was carefully planned, well researched, beautifully written, and articulates a concept that has never really been well defined to the public-at-large. It's long past time to begin healing the psychic scarring and social inequities that are slavery's insidious legacy and to share this country's prosperity with the descendants of those on whose backs it was forcibly built.  Sadly, I know that as a white American believing as I do, that I am in the minority.  It sickens me that in the year 2,000, South Carolina is fighting for the right to mockingly display on its government buildings, the most recognizable symbol of black oppression in American history. I was forced to stop reading on several occasions to wipe away the tears one can't help but shed when contemplating this horrific disregard of human rights we have perpetrated (and continue to perpetrate) on black Americans, and the irreparable damage to dignity, heritage and self respect which is their "American legacy." If our country is ever to realize its true potential, we must first fulfill the promise of liberty and justice for ALL.  Until we work up the social conscience to apologize and atone for one of the darkest chapters in human history, we are but a sad imitation of the greatest nation in the world.  I want to live in an America that does what it should to pay a debt that can never be truly repaid.  My thanks to Randall Robinson for giving us a tool with which to start.     