 While agreeing with a previous commentator's thumbs-up, I respectfully object to describing Marcus as "a little boy".  In my book, an 8-year-old might be "a little boy."  Marcus, however, is a strapping twelve on the cusp of adolescence.  He even acquires a girl friend before the credits roll.   This insulting dismissal denies Marcus the sober wisdom and coping skills that he demonstrates, and teaches, in the story.  Life has placed him in rather enenviable circumstances, but in many ways he "has it together" better than any other character in the film.  Furthermore, while life inside a wall of estrogen might be tolerable for "a little boy," Marcus is decidedly too old for such imprisonment and needs to break out.   If a habit of condescension towards kids, or whatever else, prevents a viewer from grasping either of these points, it is unfortunate.   This admiration shows even more clearly in the book.  I love this film, but now that I have read the novel, I like it even more and would urge everyone who rated this movie high that they owe it to the source of the whole concept to read what he produced.  You won't regret it.  Although Marcus is somewhat more assertive and occasionally hard-edged in the original, it is by and large a sustained paean to this young man's ethics, good sense and unerring Menschenkeit. I am generally chary of criticizing films based on novels for not representing them more literally, and far be it from me to downgrade the film from five stars-- but in retrospect, one can see that the events leading up to the ending constitute the weakest section.  They are rather manipulative and incredible and (in the case of Marcus's flouncing out of Will's apartment in a huff) false to his character.  (In the book, he does no such thing, although the dialogue provoking it is in place.  He and Will know each other too well by then.)  This plot development is entirely the film-maker's idea, and it replaces a denouement in the book that is much richer, tying up loose ends and involving a few characters that had been left with merely ornamental roles in the film (especially Marcus's father and his very eccentric girl friend).  One has to wonder why the movie didn't go with it.  Its complexities might have required a few more minutes of screen time, but I for one would not have minded at all, because the rest of it is so great, and so is the novel.     