 I was most fascinated by Bawer's treatment of historical aspects of Christianity in America.  Unlike some religions, the essence of Christianity lies in certain historical claims: events which were alleged  to have occurred at specific places and times.  But the historicity of a  given event has no meaning if one closes one's  eyes to the history lying  between that event and one's own moment.  Only such a blinkering can  suggest a claim to the authenticity and ancient warrant of doctrines (e.g.  biblical inerrancy and seven-day creation) touted as "that old-time  religion" by millions of wide-eyed American get-ready men, but which  are demonstrably novel and provincial.   Bawer's discussion of the  Baptist  faith is particularly interesting.  Contrary to an earlier  commentator in this Amazon thread, he does describe it (in an entire  chapter) as a part of the Church of Love in its original form,  characterized by the doctrine of soul competency.  However, the Southern  Baptist Convention has, only in the past generation, so distorted its own  received tradition as to stand it on its head.  No negative review of the  book is credible unless it can refute his claim to the novelty of what this  group now requires of its members as a simple historical  observation. Whereas I found that Bawer's conservatism made his critiques  of some aspects of the American status quo all the more compelling in his  earlier writing, other readers vilified and ridiculed Bawer for it.   Regrettably, it is my impression that he has been stung by these darts,  because he seems to bend over backwards in this book to make various  gratuitous politically correct obeisances.  That's okay in itself, assuming  that he is sincere: as John Henry Newman said, "to live is to change,  and to be perfect is to have changed often."  However, it does make  him responsible for addressing what has happened over the same period of  time on behalf of such views in what he characterizes as the church of  love-- some of which is hardly more loving than what has occurred in the  church of law.  E.g., promises earlier made to respect the consciences of  those unable to accept women's ordination in the Episcopal Church have  recently been betrayed, and a radical revision of the Book of Common Prayer  was imposed (and the revocation of all its predecessors mandated) with a  ruthlessness unprecedented in Anglican history-- with a further overhaul  soon to come.  Bawer's analysis would be more insightful if he identified  the same weeds in whatever garden they may grow.     