 Most of my favorite games have always been turn-based.  Age of Empires confirmed what I had read: that winning a real-time game was more about frantically clicking the mouse than about thinking: he who clicks fastest wins.  When I discovered how similar in concept Cossacks was to AOE, I feared the worst-- but this time I was more patient and determined.  Perhaps, too, the game helps by letting you slow it down enough to catch your breath, at least when no enemies are on the horizon.  I'll probably always stick to the slower settings; but as I learn how to play this kind of game, I'm starting to enjoy it.   Meanwhile there are mental challenges enough, and although I hardly consider graphics a sine qua non for a fine game, they are very impressive and intriguing.  The system requirements, only moderate by state-of-the-art standards, are used resourcefully.  On both computers on which I have installed the game, the older of which barely meets the stated requirements and fails to run several other recent games, Cossacks has run solidly and without the bugs that a few others lamented.  The only bug (as I see it) that I have noticed is that option settings are not always preserved in saved and retrieved games.  I am also happy with the substantial manual, except that it never defines, at least in any obvious place, some of the terminology (such as "life" and "time") figuring in the quantitative description of units and buildings.  These are apparently important characteristics, but what, exactly, do they mean?  A few minor disappointments: at least in scenarios, the game gives no score.  When you fulfill the objective, a quick screen announces "Victory achieved" and that's it.  Nor does anything allow you either to measure either the passage of time in the game.  So if you replay a scenario because you think you need the practice and can do better, how do you determine whether you're improving?  It would also be handy to be able to determine the precise location of a feature on the map in terms of x and y co-ordinates.   All in all, this relative newcomer calls Cossacks well worthwhile.     