 Perhaps I'm a stickler for playability.  One of the design challenges of any empire-building game is that the more territory you conquer and govern, the more details you typically have to manage.  If you (and the designers) are not careful, you can eventually get swamped with them-- especially if you are a perfectionist. An outstanding feature of Imperialism II is that this does not occur nearly as much as in other games of its type.  It is, instead, a true strategy game.  You are not a paper-shuffler, you are the pilot of the great ship of state in a multi-dimensional ocean.  You need to think carefully under ever-changing conditions to decide where to chart your course and keep it in good trim.  If you are going in the wrong direction, heaven help you if you don't realize it soon and face the facts: and then you need a sharp lookout and patience, because a ship of state doesn't turn on a dime.   A key concept is balance.  You can never do everything you want or need with available resources.  At every turn you face policy decisions:  Should you increase your road and port building?  Your food production?  Develop forests, mines, or plantations? Build transport ships-- oops, not enough food for the sailors, but how do you get more food without more ships?  Do you sell goods to get money to buy various raw materials?  Do you buy raw materials because you need them, or can you afford buying something just to curry favor with a potential colony or ally?  Invade Indian territory, or invest in it and try to keep your rivals from invading?  Build up your armies, even if it seems that you never have the funds to send them into battle?  Join alliances and risk being drawn into a war before you're ready?  Or stay aloof and risk the rest of Europe's ganging up on you?  Do expensive research yourself out ahead of the pack, or spend less (usually) money and resources for spies, forever playing catchup learning what others already know?  The choices are innumerable and the relationships among them infinitely subtle. I do not place a lot of stock in fancy graphics, but must say that the colorfol look of this game, compared to the muted and vaguely depressing colors of Imperialism [I], is another attractive feature.  The sugar... the tobacco... the spices, gold, and gems in the New World:  they make your mouth water with the desire to reach out and grab'em.  It's hard to remember that they are just means to an end, as territory in the old world is the key to winning or losing. I've played many such games, and aside from Civilization, I think Imperialism II has gotten the most things right to date.     