 Unlike one of the other reviewers, I did not get the impression that Florida is primarily an ivory-tower theoretician.  Rather, he constantly grounds his conclusions in facts and observations, often substantiated statistically, i.e. what is actually happening. His starting point is metropolitan areas in the U.S. and the world that are actually prospering (some of which were economic backwaters just two decades ago), and he asks "why?"   His answers sometimes run counter to the bromides of regional economic development still touted by politicians who, in the words of disappointed residents, "just don't get it." They do, however, often agree with Jane Jacobs, another analyst of urban life, whom many statist renewal experts in the 1960s dismissed scornfully as a romantic amateur, but whose star has risen ever since in that very profession.  High-profile improvements today often consist of razing historic neighborhoods in favor of (1) shopping malls with "big-box" and other impersonal chain stores, (2) convention centers, and (3) new sports arenas outrageously subsidized from the public purse on behalf of for-profit companies featuring employees with six- and seven-digit salaries, who virtually hold a city for ransom under threat of moving elsewhere, together with a handful of wealthy and powerful fans who desire exclusive, plush box seats unavailable in older stadiums. Where such colosseums and other facilities have thus far come to pass, Florida observes (not theorizes) that the promised economic benefit to their areas has not-- especially considering the opportunity cost of the neighborhoods destroyed and the other possible directions in which such money and attention could have been aimed.  Equally significant, these projects leave those very people cold that vital companies actually locate or re-locate to attract.  "As Hewlett-Packard CEO Carley Fiorina once told this nations's governors: 'Keep your tax incentives and highway interchanges; we will go where the highly skilled people are.'" (p.6). This is not theory.  This is a statement of policy from a representative major corporation in the growth sector of our economy. Florida summarizes the characteristics that attract such residents as "3 Ts: technology, talent, and tolerance."  All three must be fostered.  To the critics: what better ideas do you have, and how do you support them empirically? My only quibble is to wish that the book had been copy-edited and proof-read better.  The frequency of typos and ungracious prose sometimes becomes rather embarrassing.     