 I read this book avidly, as I found Berman articulating various dreads and disgusts about our society that I have felt since youth, while the "monastic" response that he describes is appealing and, to a large extent, the kind of adaptation that I aspire to make.  This is an important book, or at least its insights are important and eventually inevitable, so that everyone would do well to read it.  One even wants to read the many other books that the author cites-- in their marvelous variety all the way from medieval history, 18th-century philosophy, 19th-century technology, to two classics of science fiction. My only disappointment is the final chapter, speculating about the future, in that Berman is silent about a condition that, if it doesn't sink us outright before any of the other trends he fears, will surely be a major ingredient in the next global crisis and reformation.  I refer to an increasingly dire energy shortage, perhaps starting to cramp our style even in the lifetime of the baby boomers.  The status quo is so utterly and pervasively dependent on finite fossil fuels that, short of some kind of surprise technological breakthrough, nothing like it can survive their depletion.  Because even basic needs such as agriculture and long-distance shipping of food are now energy-intensive as never before, the world's population may well be forced rather abruptly back to historic levels, i.e.  about 25% of the present figure.  No-holds-barred battles over energy supplies are liable to highlight this century, both among and within countries.  Absent some kind of soft landing, losers will perish in tens of millions.  Even today, elite Americans churning around in their SUVs would rather not think about the growing thirst of those in China and other populous developing countries for gasoline for *their* new tented motorcycles. One must question at last the prescience and circumspection of a prognosticator who ignores this feature looming on the horizon, especially when developments that he does duly lament have done so much to exacerbate it. This might sound like a major complaint.  I don't intend it thus.  It is merely a quibble to set beside the enthusiastic praises already contributed below.     