 When I first read this book (in high school, but not as an assignment) I also read one or two standard critical commentaries and bought into their analyses as its meaning.  They teach us that it is a melodrama with Ralph  as the hero and Jack the villain.  Pursued by Jack and his tribe, who are  going to kill him, Ralph (and in fact all the surviving boys), are rescued  at the last minute on a beach by a naval officer, attracted by the  conflagration to which a large part of the island had been reduced.  In the  last phrase, we see "the trim cruiser in the distance:" a  warship. I.e., there is no real rescue.  They will only be transferred from  microcosm to macrocosm. They will live awhile longer, but are destined to  see destruction on a larger scale, for that is man's destiny. The novel  describes the failure of a society; but there is something troubling in the  conclusion that such is an inevitable fate, a natural trend, the playing  out of man's truest self.  One must ask, if this is man, how can we  possibly "weep" with Ralph, "for the end of innocence, the  darkness of man's heart?"  We can have no sense of how bad this is  unless we have also a sense of something better.  Can we fall without  having first risen?  From whence comes the standard against which we can  call this denouement chaotic, evil, or in any way disagreeable?   The  customary interpretation suggests as Golding's message that, well, we just  have to try to be civilized and keep our fingers crossed, maybe it'll work  long enough for us to die a natural death.  And when we're bullied, try to  find the officer to protect us.  Apres-moi, la deluge.  Can this  multi-layered and complex novel really have been crafted in the service of  such a platitude? I liked the book then, and I like it now; but this sense  of its begging the question nagged away-- from the first, I like to think--  behind the appreciation. Only years later would I stumble upon an article  proposing an alternate interpretation.  I regret that I did not photocopy  it on the spot, for subsequent efforts to locate it have failed;  evidently  it has disappeared from the library. I read it at first with some  distaste-- how dare this author say anything against the beautiful Ralph  whom I had come to revere-- but in the end, I found it satisfying; and  furthermore, it suggested something more insightful and practical than a  bromide. In a nutshell: Ralph is not good, but Apollonian (fair-haired,  first seen against the sun). Jack is not evil, but Dionysian (red-haired,  dark-clad, the supreme singer).  And "it takes all kinds."  The  trouble begins when Ralph belittles and scolds Jack when he hunts for meat.   Jack's apologia is simply, "we needed meat": and that was a  fact, as shown by the boys' hitherto fruitarian diet causing diahrrea.  It  was Ralph's responsibility, as the elected leader, to acknowledge,  validate, and enlist even impulses and viewpoints which he might not  understand or share-- but he could not see beyond his own.  He alienated  and denied a part of the community-- perhaps a part of human nature-- and  things went downhill from there. This article was illustrated and  supported by an abundance of details from the novel itself.  Not all will  be convinced by it, of course.  But that a learned critic could find a  meaning in the book which is so at variance from the conventional wisdom,  and support it so well with details from the book itself, says something  about the stature of the novel and its author.  Less-than-great books do  not sustain such ambiguity. It remains, of course, a minority-- perhaps a  renegade-- thesis.  But there is no doubt, as has been remarked by other  critics, that Golding was dealing with ancient Greek as well as with  Christian symbols and ideas.  I speak as a Christian when I suggest that  the neglect of the former is due to a caricature of the latter among many  readers.     