 When I encountered the author shortly after reading this book, I said that  I wished it had existed when I was just starting out as a choirmaster.  He  said, "So do I."  With little experience even singing in a good  choir or observing an excellent director, I had tried to make up for that  deficiency by studying as many books  about choir training as I could find  (typically dating 1880-1940)-- but not with much profit.  Indeed the most  detailed treatise, by William Finn, probably did my choir's tone, and my  own habits, more harm than good.  Much of this art is too ineffable to be  captured in a book. But Mr. Bertalot's book differs from the others and  would have been valuable.  Much of it is common sense (which is not to say  that the suggestions would always occur to one on one's own).  There are  many details, too, about dotting i's and crossing t's: Yes, not only a  highly successful, enthusiastic, and energetic choirmaster is speaking to  us (rare), but one whose musical tastes and ideals are the worthiest  possible (rarer).  And yes, he is telling us how his success depends on  keeping his choir room tidy, filing papers away in the correct folders,  following up anyone's unexpected absence with a phone call or postcard, and  writing thank-you letters for any favors received. Such advice is in the  tradition of Bach: "I have worked very hard, and anyone who works as  hard can do as well."  Or Edison: "10% inspiration, 90%  perspiration." This should come as encouraging, even inspiring news to  those who have been bitten by the ambition to train an excellent choir, and  who probably feel unprepared for the task and isolated from living paragons  or mentors.   Encouraging, at least, to those who retain enough of their  youthful energy and idealism not to be daunted by the overall magnitude of  the challenge. And that is another feature of the book which makes it  particularly valuable to the beginning professional.  Mr. Bertalot wrote  this and his other book (5 Wheels) shortly before retirement-- a retirement  which must have surprised many because his manner remained so youthful in  its enthusiasm and joi-de-vivre.  This outlook shines through clearly in  the style of the book as well. Are you young, enthusiastic, and idealistic?   That's good, he will tell you.  Then he will impart wisdom which preserves  and builds on those strengths.     