 Golding's novel has become a classic, almost uniquely, within a few decades: perennially popular among young and old alike, still the subject of admiration and continuing critical thought for the wealth of structural  devices, details, and symbols clothing a starkly primitive plot  outline. You would think, then, that a project to film it would have as  its premise a respect for the book's strengths and virtues.  Like most  works of genius, it is not a piece of taffy which still tastes good no  matter how you twist and pull it out of shape.  It is more like a precious  and fragile vase.  Try to bend it, or even to alter the decorations on the  surface, and you will probably succeed only in breaking it. But these  Hollywooders, in their habitual ignorance, hubris, and expediency, treated  the novel like taffy.  Gripping though it be, the result retains so little  of the book's integrity and subtlety that it should have a different  title. Furthermore, faithful to the book or not, it should be of interest  to adolescents, not only because it is about themselves, but because they  often study the book in school.  However, the volume of profanity  throughout seems to have put it, by and large, beyond the reach of this age  group.  This is a regrettable mistake in marketing.   It is not that I  share the absolute aversion to four-letter words which a few others have  expressed.  We are shown, albeit with all due dismay and sense of tragedy,  boys wantonly maiming and killing, and one fixes one's shock upon their  language...??  I submit that in the context of its updated dramatis  personae and what they do, the dialogue is all too realistic. If there were  more regard for detail in other ways, I could even applaud.  Some, at  least, of these affluent, perhaps upper-class boys are not nice.  Why  should they sound nice? When Golding's Ralph spat out a "bloody",  he was summoning the worst epithet he knew. However authentic that may or  may not have been for young English schoolboys at mid-century, it certainly  would not characterize our fin-de-siecle's junior anarchists.    Nevertheless, the novel manages to haunt readers unforgettably with its  violence and horror without resort to profanity.  It would be a generous  gesture on the screenwriters' part if they had made some effort in the same  direction-- just to appease our misguided censorial apparatchiks enough to  open the movie to viewers of the same age as its own cast. For they,  particularly, should see it despite its shortcomings. (Then they should  head for the original film and book!)     