 THE PREMISE: The protagonist Bulscu (played by Sndor Csnyi who reminded me of Chris Noth -- "Mr. Big" in Sex In The City) is an attractive, yet conflicted young man working as a conductor in the Budapest subway system.  As with many European transit systems, entry is on the honor system -- each passenger is supposed to buy a proper ticket, but there are no entrance gates or barriers.  Bulscu is a member of an enforcement team who rides the rails and spot checks that passengers hold proper tickets or are otherwise entitled to ride. In spite of having had a successful career up on the surface, Bulscu hides from something -- living, leeping,remaining underground.   THE FILM: Shot completely in the Budapest subway system, the film depicts Bulscu's community -- people who travel, work, eat, rest, party and even have sex underground -- and his own private hell: Russian mobsters, gang members, co-workers ranging from macho-idiot rivals to narcoleptics, plus other assorted madness and mayhem.  Hopefully, this is a hyperbolic commentary on the social upheaval endured by rapidly-changing Eastern block countries. THE AMBIGUITIES: "Kontroll" presents a fast-moving and occasionally-humorous, eerie twilight world of endless tunnels and light-deprivation, where one can't be entirely sure who are the good guys and the bad guys.  Unlike Hollywood's simplistic story formulas, "Kontroll" leaves lots of ambiguity: is there a psychotic murderer pushing victims onto the tracks?  is there an inner demon turning Bulscu into a push-happy murderer?  is death making a phantom appearance forcing our protagonist to face his own mortality?  will his love interest tempt Bulscu to venture back up and out into the light and life?  I won't ruin the "ending," but if this were typical Hollywood crap, there are enough loose ends to make for "Kontroll 2," Return To Kontroll," "Revisiting Kontroll" and so on.  THE NET: I enjoyed it immensely on a number of levels -- artistic, social commentary, visuals, and pure entertainment -- and suggest you will too.  It's certainly worth a rental at least.     