 This is my first GPS unit.  Having used and loved the Magellan units in Hertz rental cars, I watched and waited for prices to go down below the $1k mark. These are my first impressions after using it on 1 trip: The 2730 worked right out of the box -- I just plugged the power cable into the cig lighter, removed the 2730's snap-on screen protector, slid the unit into the weighted base, placed it on the dashboard and powered it up.  In spite of the car being parked in the shadow of a 10-story high-rise, the unit quickly locked onto multiple satellites and gave an accurate location textual and graphical readout.   The included manual could be better organized and have more detailed explanations, but the 2730's front panel button controls are fairly intuitive for basic tasks.  Menu navigation is easy. (Note, I did download and skim the manual from Amazon before purchasing the unit. I suggest you do the same.)  Haven't used the included remote control yet, and at first glance there may not be much need for it.  The screen is a bit small (for my middle-aged eyes), but once you learn its layout, a quick glance at appropriate spots on the screen gives you useful reference data: next turn instruction (text), distance to next waypoint(number), speed, ETA, etc.  I imagine that deeper within the menus the display and choice of data can be modified.    With my wife driving, I entered our travel destination in Tribeca -- lower Manhattan / NYC (40+ miles away).  Using the touchscreen was easy and intuitive.  The unit's routing calculation was fairly quick.  However, we checked the traffic report (on the old fashioned AM radio news station!) and found that the 2730's selected route would take us down the FDR drive which had some congestion.  Moreover, the FDR is on the East side, whereas our destination is closer to the West side.  The 2730 couldn't be faulted for the congestion, but the East side routing seemed strange.  We started off by followed the unit's initial routing instructions (to stay on I-95 south), but soon veered off onto familiar local parkways which we knew would take us over towards the West side of NYC.  As soon as we got off-course, the Garmin quickly recalculated, and anticipated the route we intended (which turned out to be a tad longer -- perhaps why it was not chosen in the first place).  The speaker volume (with clearly-spoken instructions) was not very loud for our car's noisy interior, but that is adjustable.  Driving down the West Side Highway, the 2730 did not give us sufficient SPOKEN warning to prepare for an upcoming left turn -- however, the left turn instruction was clearly laid out in text on the screen.  I  got the impression at that particular point that our physical location was a few 100 feet ahead of the GPS coordinates (perhaps due to limited GPS recepiont from our location in NYCity).    I am sure there is much more to discover about the 2730 (I haven't tried Points Of Interest or the XM Satellite radio options).  After the first trip, I would say I like the unit, find it to be very high-quality, and sold in a convenient bundle with all of the accessories needed (at least those that are apparent now).  Some critiques are that the 2730: 1) screen is small  2) is very expensive 3) apparently has no way to input locations without a specific address (i.e. cannot mark, name and save a current location -- like a camping spot -- in memory) 4) instruction manual has extremely limited information.  Bottom line is if you can spend $1k, it's a very good GPS bundle.   ADDENDUM from Trips 2 and 3 (commuting to and from work):  The routing software chose the fastest, most direct route, using a combination of highway and back roads -- impressive and efficient. The map accuracy is very good, except for a few quirks like calling a company campus entrance road an "alley."   Mounting on the dashboard is good for a heads-up navigation display.  The beanbag-style weighted portable base is suitably heavy, BUT the unit can go flying off the dashboard during a sharp turn. Turning on the WAAS function (for more accurate location reading) significantly slows down initial satellite capture.       