 I researched these speakers EXTENSIVELY before purchasing them.  As is the case here, the vast majority of the user reviews on the various online merchant web sites are all extremely positive.  The professional reviews, however, are more accurate.  Read on if you want to know why this system is getting RMA-ed.  Most professional reviews that I located viewed this 2.1 speaker system quite favorably, but ALL mentioned one significant fact - the speakers have NO mid-range....and, in my experience, it's true.  The idea of a down-firing mid-range on each satellite was sheer genius.  The approach allows the speakers to be small and elegant with a stealth mid-range that also provides a low center of gravity so that the sats do not tip over (a common problem for tall and narrow sats).  Yes, sheer genius...in the design phase.  In practice, the down-firing mids do not work as advertised.  The design leaves the mid-range completely empty and you are left with a WAY overly aggressive bass sub and bright, BRIGHT tweeters.  No amount of fussing with the bass and treble controls will solve this problem.  I constantly found myself reaching for the controls trying to tone down the aggressive bass and the PIERCING tweeters...all to no avail.  Okay, I knew this was going to be a problem when I purchased them...these facts were clear in all the professional reviews.  "So what?", I figured.  These are not very expensive and they just look so darned good.  So I gave them a shot.  They arrived and I was incredibly impressed with their design.  The wiring is ingenious (and unobtrusive) and the controls are within easy reach (and that's a good thing because of the aforementioned issues with the sound range)....and yes, they looked FANTASTIC next to my flat panel and small Shuttle cube.  So, after I finished fiddling with the knobs, did I decide to keep them?  Absolutely no way, and it had nothing to do with the mid-range.  As another reviewer pointed out, the sub emits a constant low frequency signal whenever the speakers are turned on. This is not a defect in one or two pairs...it is a design defect.  Altec would have you believe that it is normal and states as much in the user manual, but I have never heard another sub do the same.  The noise is not just distracting, it is maddening.  The actual problem is that the sub design did not adequately insulate the input power source from the input audio source...so you end up listening to a gut-penetrating version of your house's AC current when you are not putting an audio source through the system.  I leave my speakers on all the time when I am using my computer...regardless of whether or not I am listening to music.  In fact, they are on the same power strip and come on automatically.  That way, I get to hear all the other windows feedback (beeps, new mail tones, etc.).  I found myself constantly turning these speakers off lest I start to go insane from the hum.  BTW, I am not an audiophile and these issues still stood out.  The hum was noticed by others the moment that they walked into the room.  "What the heck is that?" was a common response.  Without the hum, these are 4 star speakers.  No mid-range is an issue, but hey, they look great and are not very expensive. With the hum, however, they are one star at best.  Now where is that UPS man?  Today, I have a package for HIM. :)     