 I am kicking myself for not starting with these speakers in the first place.  After buying an Altec-Lansing 2.1 system with no mid-range and a constant sub woofer hum, I decided to increase my budget.  While I can't say that I like the look of the satellites as much as I liked the compact Altect-Lansings, there is no arguing with how they sound...which can be summed up in one word - wow.  These speakers have no bass and treble controls...and they do not need them.  The mix is perfect regardless of source. They do, however, have a subwoofer bass level control mounted on one of the satellites, which allows you to tone things down for late night DVD viewing...while keeping the base on the satellites intact.  So, what's not to like? Well, not much frankly...but here there are a few features that I would like to see refined.  - The wiring is hokey.  I really wish that the input source went into the sub and that each satellite had only a single wire connecting it to the sub (a common design for other 2.1 systems).  Instead, the control satellite has three wires exiting the back of the satellite - a flimsy speaker wire, a hard-wired input source line, and a hard-wired control line to the sub.  Also, as mentioned, the stereo wire that connects both sats to the sub is both flimsy and, further exacerbating matters, custom...featuring a 3.5mm stereo plug on one end and bare wire (meant for sub-mounted dual clips) on the other.  Many users eventually report static with this setup after time and end up replacing the wiring.  - The power switch is on the back of the sub...not on the control satellite.  - The grills, while not completely unattractive, could be refined.  That said, take them off and these speakers look pretty cool.   Admittedly, some of those complaints may be picky, but this is a mid price range multimedia 2.1 speaker system so I expected better...especially with regards to the  wiring.  That said, the sound is stellar...so four stars.  When Klipsch works out a couple of those other issues...or cuts the price in half...then I will award that elusive fifth star.  :-)     