 It is hard to adequately review a book that is almost 1,150 pages in length without missing at least some detail that is critical to the assessment. That being said here's my review:  This book was written in 1960 and draws most of it's substance from a list of sources which Shirer describes in the Foreword. These include many of the remaining OKW and Nazi HQ documents which the Allies confiscated in the capture of Germany. Additional sources include first hand accounts by those surviving Germany generals who escaped the death penalty at Nuremburg. It does not, however, contain the more recent military history that was released with the fall of the Soviet Union.  Rise and Fall was a mammoth undertaking for it's time both in scope and in size. It's greatest strength lies in it's ability to describe, in detail, the many major events of the war from the rise of the National Socialist party under Hitler and Rhoen to the Russian counteroffensive into Berlin. It's main focus is on the political history of both the Nazi party and Nazi Germany itself; the main players are the leaders of the great powers at the time: Neville Chamberlain, Molotov and Stalin, Churchill, Roosevelt; the leaders of the Nazi party: Hitler, Goering, Goebbels, Himmler; and the leaders of the Germany army: Jodl, Keitel, Rommel and others.   Most of this book concerns what lead to World War II and how those events are what led to September 1, 1939. The actual events of the war take up only a small portion of this book as they serve as a backdrop and catalyst for the political maneuverings of all the above mentioned individuals. Throughout the book the main emphasis remains Adolf Hitler: his rise to power, his anti-Semitism, his ruminations in Mein Kaumf and his megalomania.   I highly recommend this as a good "starter" book for World War II. All of the main characters are intimately described, all of the major events are very thoroughly detailed, and the book covers the entire war. Finally, the book is written in a dramatic fashion which makes it a great page turner and helps get you through the sheer size of a book which will need atleast 2 months to really read.      