 After coming off a really good start with The Legacy, I really feel that for the exception of a few brief moments, this book is really the weakest of the entire series: weakest in terms of plot, character, and just general storytelling.   As is becoming a trend in Salvatore books from an author that simply can't let go of a character Artemis Entreri, the same Artemis Entreri that was supposed to have died...twice...  Despite it's miscomings later on, the book actually begins rather well: Bruenor is crushed at the loss of Wulfgar, Drizzt is concerned about the Dark Elves intentions, and Catti Brie is still trying to figure out what to do with herself since she thought she was already going to be married by this book.   The book can be essentially broken down into two main plots: Drizzt/Catti Brie in Mithril Hall and Drizzt/Catti Brie/Artemis Entreri in Menzoberranzan. The first plot is strong and really builds on the characters. The second is simply a series of challenges for the trio which increase in intensity with the climactic moment being so over the top as to really catapult all 3 of these characters into the realm of fantasy Superheroes: they are invincible and unscated in the face of overwhelming odds.  Drizzt's ruminations as he decides to make the trip to his former homeland are where Salvatore is really able to bring about the overconfidence of his main character, an overconfidence which is built on well throughout this book. Drizzt's eventual capture and torture were fantastic opportunities for Salvatore to begin to show the real inner strength and, finally, limitations of Drizzt. Instead, this is where the book begins to slide down into the realm of superhero comicbook farce.   From the rescue of Drizzt by Artemis and Catti Brie to the Epilogue the trio faces simply impossible odds and still manages to escape the jaws of Menzoberranzan without a single scrape and quite a bit of loot to boot. With the whirling scimitars of Drizzt, the whirling knives of Artemis, and the unlimited ammo, ballista shotgun that is the bow of Cattie Brie (oh ya, she also now has a sword that can cut through stone and probably solid steel too): the trio are simply invincible.  I can't really place it, but I've lost some respect for these books after reading this one. I know going in what to expect: a relatively light read with some dramatic moments. I know that the main characters are all going to come back at some point because Salvatore just can't let them go. Despite this, I feel this story really is missing something. Perhaps it borders on being too fantastical, perhaps it's the overly dramatic moments which really don't come across well, or maybe it's just that the fight scenes in the previous two series just seemed a lot more gritty.   What I think it basically boils down to is there's only so many times where you can see characters go through hell and come back out before it loses it's novelty.     