 The Aubrey Maurin Series kicks off in grand fashion with this, the first book: Master and Commander. I was first made aware of this book by watching the movie and because interested enough to purchase it. I was not in store for both the entertaining and frustrating moments which awaited me.  It's hard for me to place exactly how I feel about this book at present. I just finished it today so perhaps more thought could have gone into this review, but I usually feel that these initial feelings are correct.   The book begins in Port Mahon, a British controlled island off the eastern coast of Spain. We are introduced to the two main characters (Jack Aubrey and Stephen Maturin) rather quickly and are then whisked off into the world of 1800 Europe. Patrick O'Brian did a simply fantastic job of writing this book in a fashion that a contemporary literate seaman of the 1800s would be able to understand it completely. Rigging and locations in the ship are presented with very little explanation from the very beginning and I found myself (like others in these reviews) quickly lost in the technical jargon that so heavily populates this entire series. While you do begin to have some familiarity with all of this it is still good to have some nautical dictionary nearby in order to gain a better understanding.   I most enjoyed the detailed descriptions O'Brian uses to give as accurate a picture as possible of life on the seas: it's cramped, it's loud, it's dangerous. O'Brien is able to capture a fantastic picture that is used as a backdrop to exemplify the exploits of Jack Aubrey and his hot headed Lieutenant James Dillon as they capture French and Spanish ships in daring raids against impossible odds.   There are two characteristics of this book which I found to be most problematic:   The first being the the extreme use of nautical terminology which can be extremely confusing if you are not intimately familiar with sailing ships. I found myself quickly lost in the two climactic moments at the end which involve multipe ships because I simply had no idea what was going on aside from a lot of death and destruction.   The second problem is the extraordinarily abrupt changing of events which O'Brian uses throughout the book. The reader can be whisked to opposite ends of the boat to a different person's perspective seemingly without warning. This occurs regularly and requires the reader to constantly go back a few pages to find out when the transition occurred.   As an addendum, I have heard that Post Captain (the 2nd book) is a little more easy to follow.  Overall, though, I recommend this book as a fantastic forray into historical fiction. While you do need some interest in the topic to help carry you through, if you have that you'll find a great adventure ahead of you and many additional books to carry you through.      