 Bring up the topic of LBJ among those who directly experienced his Presidency and you'll find responses which mirror so much of what you'll hear about our current President: people either loved him or hated him. The politically charged events which marked his administration elicited the strong responses from even the most apathetic American citizen.   Robert Caro's biography on LBJ has been critically acclaimed as one of the most detailed and introspective accounts not only of Lyndon Johnson, but of the political period within which this man operated.  This first volume introduces us to the future President by providing us with a theme that runs throughout the series: the dualism of LBJ - his profound vision and desire to raise up the common man vs. his profound lust for power and control and the lengths he would go to attain that power. Throughout the story we are also provided with glimpses into others who came to weave their lives with LBJ: Sam Rayburn, FDR, John Connally, and Lady Bird Johnson  For a majority of this book, Robert Caro had intimate access to many of LBJ's closest confidants, including Lady Bird for a brief time. This research and work is telling from the beginning. From his humble beginnings as the son of state legislator fighting the corporate interests which controlled the state legislature to his eventual election to Congress and finally his first loss in a strongly contested bid for Senator; this duality is expressed again and again and again.  It is this focus which is the book's greatest strength and it's most telling weakness. The events of LBJ's life, LBJ's personal response to those challenges, and the repercussions/success as a result of that resonse are told in a stark black and white which can sometimes border on vilification. Other times, such as his striving to obtain federal funding for the construction of Mansfield Dam, exemplify his desire to raise up the common man while still building up personal influenc with the powerful Brown and Root company. This starkness is not only exemplified in his political exploits, but through his personal family life.  In the final analysis there can be no doubt, this truly is a strong biography which should and does rank with the best works to come out on LBJ. I highly recommend not only this book, but encourage you to continue on into volume 2 and 3.      