 Stalingrad by Anthony Beevor is a fantastic read for a person itnerested in a very specific battle in World War II which, without question, was as major a turning point in World War II as El Alamein and D-Day.   The book opens with the beginning of Operation Barbarrosa, Hitler's ill-fated decision to break the non-agression pact of 1939 with Russia. What commences for the next 1/2 of the book is a detailed analysis of the events which transpired to bring the Germany army to Stalingrad and the banks of the Volga. The failed attempt against Moscow, the major tank battle of Kursk, and the siege of Stalingrad are explained thoroughly with all the major players (military and political) given their time in the sun.   The 3rd quarter of the book deals mainly with explaining the environment of the war torn city, how the basic soldier and civilian was able to survive, and the lengths to which the Soviet Army would go to maintain the pressure on the German Army. While the major events surrounding Stalingrad were interesting, I found these brief chapters to be the most interesting and gritty of the book.  The last fourth of the book deals with the conclusion of the battle and the subsequent counterattack and complete encirclement of the German 6th Army. Again, while the sequences which lead to these events are interesting, I found Beevor's explanation of how the basic German soldier found a way to survive (or didn't) on the cold steppes of the Russian plain completely surrounded in the tight Soviet Kessel to be quite unique. I especially enjoyed all of the soldier diary entries and personal accounts that Beevor draws on to paint as close a picture as he can.  Overall, I am very pleased with this book and feel it does deserve the 5 star rating. One note of caution: this is not a book for someone wishing to get an introduction into World War II. For that I would recommend Shirer's The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich or, if you prefer something more recent, Rich Atkinsons' Dawn of War. Both will give you great introductions on the conflict, what shaped it into being, and the major players involved.      