 There was something almost magical about the final battle in The Crystal Shard. The build up throughout the book had been well constructed, the characters were deep and the environment was simply unique. The climactic battles of Ten Towns concurrent with the personal battles of the main characters were blended together in a way where you genuinely cared about what happened to them.  How I wish R.A. Salvatore would return to those days. Instead, we have The Siege of Darkness. Book three in a sad series that seems to get worse as it goes on. To say it was a drudge to get through this one is an understatement.  This book has two plot lines: the "Time of Troubles" and the attack by the Drow army on Mithril Hall. I'm still trying to figure out Salvatore's justification for the "Time of Troubles". This brief moment that comes at just the right time seems completely forced as the only possible way he could tie up a loose story end.  The real event is the Drow army advance and eventual attack. All of the subplots, all of the characterization, all of the book is spent building up for this final climactic moment. When it eventually comes, the battle doesn't really live up to it's expectations and the character's individual ruminations just fall flat out.  Instead of hardy barbarians, we are treated to the likes of Pwent and his battleragers and more of the Harpells. This leads to another problem I have with this book: way too much comic relief. It seems that every single time Salvatore's plot seems to be dragging he puts in another silly moment like the battleragers running into stone walls for practice, or a recently cured Biderdoo Harpell wishing he had his former curse back so he could be a dog again. While some moments are genuinely funny, Salvatore seems to include these moments at inopportune times and as a result they seem more as a filler or as a way to shore up a loose plot line.  The final half of this book really is just about the drow vs. dwarf battle. It's long, it's drawn out, but it does have some shining moments. Salvatore's strength has always been his ability to write a clear action story.   The focus, of course, is always on the leaders and their impossible exploits which bring them fame and victory. Ss with all Salvatore books you always know Drizz and company are going to win, and if by some freak chance someone gets killed *cough* Wulfgar *cough* you know that character is coming back later. They always do. Just talk to Artemis.   Which leads me to my final point. I will read Passage of Dawn and I will hope that things make a change, but if I don't see improvement this will be the last Salvatore series I pick up. This entire series seems forced and perhaps as I read other reviews it makes sense. If Salvatore was forced to write this to appease TSR it only makes sense that all of his heart wouldn't go into it.     