 The greatest strength of Kingdom of Heaven is also it's greatest liability. Ridley Scott's expensive attempt at recreating one of the many great battles by the West over control of the Holy Land is magnificent in scope, stunning in it's presentation, and strong in it's telling. It's greatest problem, though, is that it tackles too much and thus is unable to fully flesh out the issues that are presented and then bring these issues to resolution.  As a result, the disjointed complexity which seems prevalent throughout the movie becomes it's distinguishing feature. There is not one overall message, but many which all require resolution in 2 and a half hours. These include:  1. a man's journey of redemption and salvation (never really resolved) 2. examining the nature of Jerusalem and it's inhabitants as a Holy City of 3 distinct religions: Judaism, Islam and Christianity.  3. exemplifying the harsh nature of life in the desert 4. profiling the diverse nature of the Crusaders and the task of the King to maintain this organized chaos. 5. Humanizing both armies and the leaders (Balian, Saladin)  On top of this, many of the characters are historical recreations with political events which are drawn from actual events which occurred in politically charged Jerusalem of the 12th century.  That being said there are many characteristics of this movie which are good.   The cinematography is simply excellent. When a person conjures a picture of the crusades in their heads the picture which Kingdom of Heaven portrays is perhaps as close as you're going to get to that mental image. Knights in armor baking and dying outright from exhaustion as they march to the approaching Muslim army, the salty Sicilean port of Messina, and finally, over all, the dusty walled city of Jersalem with it's eclectic, diverse population, it's massive fortifications and walls, and it's focus as spiritual home for so many people.   The acting is fanastic in some regards and falls short in others. Liam Neeson is portrayed in his typical mentor/father figure and excels at it despite having relatively short screen time. Eva Green's character seems to represent more than she is able to portray and, as a result, her character falls short. Edward Norton as the Leper King does a simply magnificent job despite being completely covered. Finally, there is the main character in Orlando Bloom. His overt stoicism and melacholy throughout the film just doesn't seem to carry over well. Perhaps it's because we have typecast him into more jovial/lighthearted roles or maybe it's because he simply does a better job when there's atleast a little fun involved (Pirates and Lord of the Rings comes to mind), but he just doesn't seem to come across as well as he has in his previous movies.   Overall, I give this movie 4 stars because it really is a monumental effort by Ridley Scott. I saw and understood what he was trying to do with this film, but trying to make a film on a topic as massive and culturally charged as the Crusades which requires historians many books to thread the true tale was simply too much even for this well respected director. It is a great topic, but as a movie it takes on more than it needs to chew.     