 From the dusty cobblestone roads of 15th century Romania to bustling streets of 1940's Istanbul, The Historian pulls it's reader through a suspenseful tale of one couple's obsession with discovering the origins of Dracula. Little do they know how terrifying and how dangerous such an inquiry can be.  Elizabeth Kostova has created a fantastic story which follows the same path as Dan Brown's Da Vinchi Code in that the book brings in so many elments of historical scholarship and presents this information in such a way as to make it appear as fact. It is clearly evident that a good deal of real historical study about Vlad the Impaler, the history of the vampire folktale, and the Turkish incursion into Europe in the 15th century was done.  The book opens excellently with a fairly simple beginning: a young girl discovers a book in her father's library whose roots lie deep in the past of eastern Europe. From this simple beginning the beginnings of an excellent horror-filled drama takes the reader on slowly building puzzle while the main characters fit more and more pieces into the puzzle of who Vlad the Impaler was.   What I enjoyed so much about this book is the gradual increase in suspense that Kostova is able to produce in a way that keeps you wanting to turn the next page. The story is told in a very unique way which I feel is a nod to Bram Stoker's famous Dracula story.   If you are looking for an action-oriented story with overly dramatic vampire hunters seeking their prey with all sorts of gadgets, gizmos, and relics of protection then this is not the story for you. The main characters are historians and anthropologists, the settings are old, fatigued libraries and lecturehalls, as well as serene monastaries and damp forgotten crypts. Along the way you'll visit many of the great capitols of eastern Europe set during the height of the Cold War. Througout all runs the main current: if you wish to exlore the past, make sure it does not jump out of the centuries to find you.     