 Hailed as one of the greatest works of science fiction in the history of the genre, this book, along with other writers such as Arthur C. Clark and Ray Bradbury, is definitely in a select company. While so much is written on how much it impacted science fiction, I find the focus of the book to be on both science and religion. The messianic journey of Paul Atredies to his ascendancy as the Muad Dib of the Fremen peoples and of the planet Arrakis is a tale told with a specific focus.   The style of the literature is one where important points/events are highlighted and then time jumps forward to the next important event. What we are left with to fill the holes is our own imagination at work. For example, we never read about what happens in the time period between Paul's joining of the Fremen and his eventual ascendency as a man of importance. The chapter following the end of the second part of the book is a high speed run through a series of events leading to the important reason for the third part of the book: the prophetic escalation of Paul to become leader of the desert tribes. Yet again, in the third part of the book we are not given details on how the Fremen take over Arakeen. Frank Herbert leaves the savageries of battle to our imagination. What is important is what happens both before and after.   Throughout this book we are reminded again and again that the focus is on the messianic journey of Paul along with a fantastic description of the planet where this occurred: the Arrakis. The story itself is told beautifully and through a creativity that is rarely seen, Frank Herbert is able to create a very realistic people who will eventually lead the Prophet into battle.   I would highly recommend this book to anyone wishing to become introduced to great science fiction. So many writers have borrowed from this work, that it's familiarity is almost as commonplace as The Lord of the Rings. It's been tried and re-tried, but the original Dune series still stands as the quintessinial work of Science Fiction     