 Diplomacy has a storied history. Former President Kennedy and Henry Kissinger are known to have played the game back in their college days. The game itself is in the category of games like Monopoly that have remained unchanged throughout the many years of it's existance. This is in part due both to the complexity and the simplicity of the game.  Diplomacy is a strategic boardgame in the same vein as Risk layout-wise which begins in 1900 Europe. The game can be played by a maximum of 7 players who each represent one of the majors powers before the outbreak of World War I: England, France, Russia, Germany, Austria-Hungary, Turkey and Italy.  Each power begins with relatively few units on the board (3-4 depending on the power) so it is of critical importance what you do with them. There are two types: fleets and armies. Each unit only has a power of 1 so in order to attack another person you need to have secured an ally to aid you in this endeavor. This diplomacy is the basis for the game.  Turns proceed as follows: each turn represents either the fall or spring of a specific year. For a certain length of time there is a diplomatic session. During this time you consult with the other players in an attempt to negotiate the moves of your units. At the end of time each person writes down the moves for their units and then play occurs simultaneously.  Either organized chaos or finely tuned play proceeds. This game relies totally upon your ability to be able to work within the various plans of your allies and enemies, to be able to recognize when to ally with certain people and to be able to recognize when that alliance is no longer needed. Backstabbing is common. This is definitely not a game you can take personally.  I have found the greatest joy of this game to be in the sheer negotiations. DMZ's crop up all over the board as powers discuss how they will aid and destroy each other. In the space of 20 minutes you can discuss 5 different plans with 5 different people, but only upon revealing the moves will the trust come out: who is with you and who is against you.  To put it plainly: it is the best board game I have ever played and I highly recommend it.     