 This first book in a series entitled Legacy of the Drow is the true sequel to Icewind Dale, but really requires the reader to be familiar with both the Icewind Dale Trilogy, as well as the Dark Elf Trilogy to understand the variety of different characters, both good and evil, which inhabit it's pages.  I found this book to be in the same vein as it's predecessors. It's main focus remains on Drizzt Do'Urden, Bruenor, Catti-bree, Wulfgar, and Regis as well as Drizzt's enemies: his old family and the true villain: Artemis Entreri.   Salvatore's greatest strength is through his detailed action sequences and the strong life which he breathes into his characters. As I've said in reviews of his previous works, this tends to create an almost superhuman quality to the stories' heroes making them seem larger than life...even for a fantasy. You find yourself less and less concerned with the plot and look forward to the intricate battle sequences and one vs. one's, a plot focus which Salvatore seems to rely on heavily throughout the book.  New to the scene is villian Jaraxle: a mercenary drow who manipulates the various houses behind the scene. This character goes on to feature prominently throughout the series and really takes a backstage roll to the real villain of this story: Artemis Entreri. Also new is hero side-kick: Pwent the battlerager. This characters seems more of a comic relief to break up the relatively somber mood of the main heroes.  The Legacy's tale is fraught with death, destruction, and grief as true disaster finally is vested upon the group of friends.   The story is relatively strong and breaks with Salvatore's previous works in it's very somber portrayal of Drizzt finally coming into contact with members of his sinister race. Drow who are hellbent on seeing Drizzt be sacrificed to the glory of Lloth.  While important plot sequences for the entire Legacy of the Drow series do occur, they are few: this book seems only as a mechanism to provide introduction to a few new characters, works as a means ferment chaos within the original group of friends, and introduces the justification for storylines of future books in the series.  Overall, I give this story 4 stars because while it does contain solid character and battle descriptions, you tend to realize that everything aside from the main characters is fluff to be discarded simply to move along the plot.      