 After reading some of the reviews here, "Hope was here" seemed like it would be a great read, whether I was 16 or 33. I am the latter, and I thought this was a fantastic story.  Born with the name Tulip, Hope is one of the best teenaged characters I've had the pleasure to read.  At 12 yrs. old, she legally changes her name to Hope, which suits her perfectly.  She is hope, she is beautiful, simple, and a truly good person.   At 17 yrs. old, she is already an experienced waitress. She is being raised by Addie. Her own mother abandoned her, but she does periodically appear in Hope's life, much to the teen's chagrin.  She does not know her father.   Addie is a feisty broad who is a cook -- They are a team, and they move to Wisconsin to work for G.T. Stoop at his diner "Welcome Stairways".  What a great name for a restaurant!  You can picture every character and meal so vividly. Joan Bauer is great at making you visualize everything going on with her descriptive writing.  The town is in the midst of an election, and Hope gets involved in the politics.  She comes to find out a lot of shady things about the current mayor.  When G.T. decides to run, she is his best political ally.  G.T. has leukemia, and while he his health is failing, he is full of spirit and determination.  Hope, Braverman(the short order cook), and other townsfolk all help with the campaign.  This story is unique.  Hope, in all her glory, with her great attitude and not just out to find a boyfriend or herself, is on a crusade to help G.T. with his campaign, and expose the current mayor and his ethics. While her and Braverman do succomb to a romantic relationship, most of the story centers around the road to mayor, G.T.'s illness and how it affects those around him.  Also, he marries Addie and adopts Hope.  She has a father now.  This is a great story that is very easy to read, and it's also very heartwarming yet bittersweet. It's one of the best stories I've read for the YA genre.  IT deserved every bit of that Newberry Award.     