 Having been a teenager in the mid 80's, I couldn't resist that title.  Plus, this book is probably better than any of the books for teenaged girls at that time.  I can't really remember there being an author like Megan McCafferty. She has a full grasp of a teenager's world.  For myself, reading Jessica Darling's innermost feelings and thoughts was like reading my own high school diary(which is the form in which this is written).  Full of self loathing and teen angst, I identified with the character so deeply that I did not want this story to end. Jessica is a sophomore, and her best friend, Hope, moves away.  She is heart broken. Not only that but her only sister is 11 yrs. older and engaged, soon to be wed.  She also hangs around with a crowd that she really doesn't want to hang with.   She experience such extreme stress that her period disappears for an entire year.  The more I read about Jess, the more I felt myself transported back into my own high school days which were so much like hers. While I wasn't a size 0 or a jock, I was in love with a senior who didn't know I existed and eventually made a fool of myself in front of him. While my friends had boyfriends, I was still utterly dateless.  And I often was depressed and wallowed in self pity.  I was not even near the top 20 percent of my class, while Jessica is extremely intelligent. I often found words that wouldn't normally come out of a teenaged girl's mouth, but McCafferty made her use words that even I, at 33, don't even use to this day.  My only quip with this story is some of the choice of words. I assume that Jessica NOTSO Darling is far more intelligent than most 15 year old girls. I adored the character of Jessica Darling.  She is full of wit, and intelligence.  I also fell in love with the character Marcus, he is as well developed character as Jess.  Their relationship is a very unique one, and I was not disappointed in the end like some of the other reviewers were.  There is something to really look forward to in the sequel!   McCafferty is an extremely gifted writer who speaks volumes.   I read this book because I am a struggling YA writer who wants to study her craft.   So far the best writers of this genre that I have had the extremem pleasuer to read are Sarah Dessen and Megan McCafferty.  I am highly anticpating "Second Helpings."  I took this one out of the library, but will buy this and the sequel.     