 Despite the disgusting and unnecessary scenes in this movie regarding toilets and self-gratifying machinery, this is a pretty funny movie.  I just left my brain at the door, and took this movie for what it was..a spoof comedy that shouldn't be taken too seriously.   Chyler Leigh, that spikey Punker poser chick on "That 80's Show"(I can't believe this is the same actress!), plays the geeky four-eyed artist type, Janey, who is the victim of the "She's all that" spoof.  This is basically the plot of the film, the rest of the spoofs all sideline this.  Think of all the teen movies in recent years and go back to the movies from the 80's of the John Hughes set, "Sixteen Candles", "Ferris Bueller", "Some kind of Wonderful", "Pretty in Pink", and "Breakfast Club" are all in here.  I think unless you saw all of these that you won't get some of the spoofing. "The Breakfast Club" spoof was my personal fave.  It was great that they brought back "Mr. Vernon", actor Paul Vernon, and his toilet seat cover, to help the spoof seem that much more believable and just downright hilarious.  It was hysterically funny. The theme of teen movies being spoofed was a great idea, and it went over well.  My big problem, of course, was the intention of a "Porky's" spoof turning into toilet city.  I don't know about anyone else, but this didn't make me laugh. I just sat there in disgust.  This has just got to stop.  How many times now have we seen the attempt at humor in the bathroom? It's been used far too much, and while it never had my appeal, I think it's lost any appeal at all now just from it's overuse.  Let's think of something original now! The opening scene is also pretty disgusting, be forewarned.  I will never look at Chyler's character in "That 80's show" the same ever again if that show comes back.  It was a spoof of "American Pie". I think one should definitely keep an open mind, and just try and have fun watching this despite the two scenes I mentioned.   I had a good time watching most of it.   They even spoof the movie musical, and the cast was crooning.  They actually sounded pretty good.   There were some cameos, and Randy Quaid, who played Cousin Eddie in the Vacation Movies, plays Janey's vietnam vet dad.  He was pretty funny. If you are up for an amusing but sometimes disgusting spoof of teen comedies of the past 20 years, this is a good take.  Just be prepared for anything...     