 I am a long time Marilyn fan...BR>One can imagine my excitement when I found out about this awesome collection of some of Marilyns' movies on dvd...  I had always loved this film because Marilyn was in it, and it is her greatest performance on screen.  She was amazing in this, even if the storyline is sometimes corny and just downright silly.  Marilyn makes this movie so watchable.   She had taken a break from 20th Century fox before she made this, and after taking classes at the famous "actor's studio" in NYC, she formed her own production company.  I think her whole way of acting changed after these "method acting" classes, and "Bus Stop" was the first production to showcase this.   As far as the dvd goes, it is so much better than it ever looked on television.  If you check out the extras you will get the chance to see a comparision.  To the naked eye, it is utterly amazing what work went into restoring the tale of Cheree' and that ol' bully cowboy, Beauregard Decker, played by Don Murray. It doesn't have as many extras as "The Seven Year Itch", which is the best of all the MM dvd's, but it's worth owning just to be able to see Marilyn at her finest work. Marilyn really got into this role.  I remember reading that she would stay in her hillbilly "chanteuse" character off the set, and it drove the rest of the crew crazy.   That pasty white complexion, that hillbilly accent, and those little costumes of hers were all just brilliant additions to the outstanding, brilliant acting work that she does in this.   "Bus Stop" is mostly dramatic but has some true comedic momments thrown in, and it's also another movie she sings -- "That Ol' Black Magic" is sung by her in that lilting drawl, whilst she self consicously pushes her straps back up on her costume.   As much as I love this movie, I didn't love Don Murray.  It was his first film.  While he was sometimes funny, he often annoyed me, but maybe it was the way you were supposed to feel about his character.  She makes it perfectly clear to him that she isn't going to marry him, but he does everything in his power to get her.   Marilyn's Cheree' and Ol' Verge, played by Arthur O'Connell, were the most likeable characters in the film. Eileen Heckart plays Cheree's friend.  There are some good character actors in this movie that help make it that much more entertaining. It's a charming movie that will capture your heart at it's sweet ending. Sure, it has it's truly corny and utterly sacchrine sweet dialogue, but it's got Marilyn! A MUST FOR THE TRUE MM FANS!!!   For anyone who's never seen any of her movies, this is the one to watch, she is at her peak here.  Even if she does look pasty..     