 I had this movie on vhs for years and must have watched it a million times as it's just that kind of film I like to watch over and over and never get tired of. Then, the day after my birthday last summer, it came out on dvd.  It seemed like perfect timing..I thought for sure I'd get it as a gift. I didn't.  I did get a late Christmas present from my husband a few days ago, and this was it. It is the most romantic gift he gave me next to the sparkly diamond stud earrings.  I think this movie belongs in the class. Why? Well, first off, I am 34 yrs old, which make this movie one of many of my generation.  It brings me back to those glory days of 1980's high school. "Valley Girl" is a romantic comedy/drama, that has so much heart and such a clear and simple message of it's what inside that counts.  Frederick Forrest, who plays the father to Julie, who is played by Deborah Foreman, and is Valley Girl extradionare, delivers some of the best lines of the movie in the scene where he talks to her about what really matters in life.   This is a very 80's version of Romeo & Juliet instead it's Randy & Julie.  Randy, who is played by a very young Nicholas Cage, is the punker dude type that Julie falls in love with.  Their's is a typical teenage romance with phony friends and a jilted ex boyfriend trying to tear it all to pieces.  "Valley Girl" has a bittersweet quality to it. I always cry when I watch it, and my heart swells up like a balloon.  It sounds corny, but it's true.  I still adore it after all these years.   The dvd had some good extras, I'm still checking some out, can't comment on all of them. One really good bit of trivia I learned is that Michael Bowen, who played Tommy, the Valley dude boyfriend of Julie, has appeared in a few Quention Tarentino films. It seems QT is a fan of this small, indy film..Gee, I wonder why?  It's totally cool to know that now.  I am only sad that Deb Foreman is not among the stars that came back after 20 years to be interviewed for this special edition disc. I highly recommend this to fans of 80's films, or even just films about the 80's, or fans of love stories...Oh to heck with it, all movie fans will find something to appreciate in the movie "Valley Girl". My husband did. Eileen F.     