 comes a movie with not much of a plot, but plenty of selfish people who only care about sex.  While there is much talk about it there aren't many sex scenes.  The discussions here are more frank and graphic than the act itself. I caught this on Independant Film Channel, and actually had my hand on the remote control and ready to change it at several scenes, but kept it on.  The entire film centers around six people that are all connected in some way, and they are all extremely self absorped people who will stop at nothing for their tiny chance of any happiness.  Except one, Nastassja Kinski, she plays this artist assistant who develops a sexual relationship with Catherine Keener's character. The dialogue and direction are all the same in the "introduction" of every character to Kinski's, and well, it was good for a chuckle.  Which you needed in this film, due to the general direction it took -- which was Narcissism at its worst. Jason Patric, who now is forever embedded on my brain as this woman hating but sex loving jerk, was mind blowing in this movie.  There is one particular scene where he monologues and the nature of the talk is very difficult to stomach.  It was like listening to a psychopath justify his crimes. I am a very open minded person, and i think that is what you need to be to watch this movie.  It reminded me of the movie "Happiness" in that respect.  There is a film that is just utterly sick, but what's sicker is that some of it is actually funny.  So, if you liked "Happiness", chances are you will like this as well.   Ben Stiller and Amy Brenneman(of the show, Judging Amy) are the only other actors I recognized.  The other actor Aaron Eckhart appeared in the first movie of director Neil Labute's 'In the Company of Men', which I haven't seen. The acting is very well done, but the subject matter itself just isn't for everyone.  It certainly isn't something one(at least anyone I know) has to be in the mood for to watch.  It is a disturbing piece of work that I don't recommend.  There is nothing redeeming about the characters and it leaves us all hanging.     