 "One Night at McCool's" is reminiscient of Pulp Fiction and There's something about Mary>  "Jewel", played by the newly sexy Liv Tyler, is the woman there's something about.   Three men are all in love with Jewel, and they all have their own story to tell.  This is where the Pulp Fiction reminder comes in as there are three different subplots that all eventually lead up to something similar.   The movie starts with Randy, played by Matt Dillon, going to see Michael Douglas's character, play Bingo, and he tells Douglas his story. Douglas is a contract killer. Paul Reiser goes to see a psychiatrist, played by country western singer, Reba Macintyre.  She is sporting an awful haircut, and in my opinion, should stick to her country western schtick.   John Goodman goes to see a priest/friend because he has something very important to tell him.   One night (all in the same night) at McCool's bar they all meet Jewel, and they all fall captive to her. Jewel and her so-called "boyfriend" Utah, played by a somewhat unrecgonizible Andrew Dice Clay, are trying pull off robberies by getting a sympathetic character like Matt Dillon's Randy to allow Jewel into their homes so they can rob him.  Jewel falls for Randy, and suddenly wants out of the robbery  way of life, and gets it by shooting Utah right as he is about to rob McCool's bar, where Randy is the bartender. She takes up with Randy and then takes over his house.  Paul Reiser is Randy's Lawyer cousin who develops a Walter Mitty like fantasy over Jewel, and eventually has an affair with her.  John Goodman is the suspicious police detective that gets involved with the murder cases. Yes, there is more than one.   It took a little while for this movie to get going. It was a little boring in the beginning, and then as more characters were introduced, I became more interested.  It's very funny and the ending totally took me by surprise.  I was very surprised at this little movie, which left the theaters quite quickly.  It's worth the rental fee.     