 With the October/Halloween theme blowing through, I decided to search for a current addition to the horror genre.  This book looked different from the usual ghost/vampire story. One thing I have to say about this book is I almost stopped reading it because nothing was happening. Sure, she can write, she is an amazing writer and does so with great ease.  I was very impressed with Caitlin Kiernan's style, however, the first half of this book is really boring. Also, the characters weren't exactly the most likable people. Why should we even care what happens to them? Chance Matthews, a student and rock genuis, is the main character.  The first chapter has Chance, her boyfriend, Deke, and there other friend, Elise in this underground tunnel, and they are getting stoned.   The rumor has it that there is something beyond this wall, something evil that could get out and kill, but just what is it? Well, Elise gets killed by whatever is out there and Chance and Deke spend the rest of the story trying to figure it all out. They break up and Deacon's new girlfriend, Sadie, comes in to the story. This is the only character with any true goodness. When a teenage girl, Dancy(gotta love these names), gets involved in the whole scheme of where the horror starts, Sadie takes the girl under her wing.  She grows to care, while the rest of them are just trying to stay alive.  There is a trilobite(you can find out the meaning of that at the back of the book) named dicranurus, this is the evil of the story. The dark side, the bad guy.  It seems that this rock like fossil/creature, takes on somewhat human form, and terrorizes the characters.   About half way through the book, where I almost put it down cuz of the slowness and lameness, is where things started getting interesting.  A bit spooky. I had nightmares every night I read this book after this point.  Definitely worth picking up, if you don't mind the slow start.  Kiernan is an amazing writer who has a great passion for the subjects chosen in the story. I don't recommend you buy it though. I got it out of the library and paid an overdue fee. Worth a look just to feast your eyes on some of the best writing I've read thus far.     