 I can say this --- I never saw the whole movie back in the early 80's when it was on cable t.v.  I had seen bits and pieces, and it appeared very odd to me.  Now that I am older, wiser and have more control over the clicker, when I found this on PBS this past Sunday night, I couldn't resist it.  Who can resist Julie Andrews singing?  She is just utterly stunning in this movie. I also feel that for her take this part was a very bold statement on her part.  It is such a departue from roles like Mary Poppins and Maria, and even the fair Eliza Doolittle, which she originated on Broadway. I'm sure her being married to the film's director, Blake Edwards, had something to do with her being in this movie, and I am so glad she did it! "A woman pretending to be a man pretending to be a woman"..this pretty much sums up the generality of the films' premise.  She is Victoria, a down on her luck singer in clubs in Paris.  It's when she meets up with Drag Queen, Toddie, played to the hilt by Robert Preston, the the scheme falls into play -- Enter Victor, the man role she plays.  Toddie comes up with the idea.   King Marchand, played coolly and quite humorously by the charming James Garner, is the man who falls for Victor.  It really isn't as confusing as it sounds.  I am pretty sure Marchand knew it was a woman all along.  Victor becomes quite a showstopper in Paris.  Eventually, Victor/Victoria, tells the truth.  Watch to see what happens in the romance category. The acting all around in this film is awesome. Andrews, Preston, and Lesley Ann Warren, who plays the ditzy blond character, Norma, were all nominated for Oscars. And deservantly so!  The music is great.  The era was jazz, and Andrews really shows off her amazing vocal range here. The woman is such an amazing and talented entertainer.  Preston and Andrews have a great chemistry on screen and stage together.  Even if he is a drag queen, and she isn't really a man, they still shine together. Let's remember this is a Blake Edwards' movie. He brought us the Pink Pather movies, and "Ten".  These were all very funny films, and this is very funny too.  This is a fun, comical, musical film that stars very talented performers.   It's great fun!     