 I had no idea what to expect from "Hannibal" except, like all other sequels, it couldn't compare to it's predecessor. Lambs was a very suspenseful and psychological thriller. I was not in suspense at all in this film, and the gore was so totally awful!!! I normally can stomach gore, when I expect it. But I didn't even think that Lambs' was that gory. Lambs had an appeal of it's own with the tension between the characters, and the amazing acting. It was an excellent movie that will always remain a classic. Hannibal, however, is so gory. I just finished watching it, and am so repulsed. THis was not expected at all, maybe I should've read the reviews here first as alot of people sent out warnings of the extreme gore in this movie. Aside from the gore, I was very disappointed with this movie. The changing of actresses was just wrong, if Jodie Foster didn't want to do it(and i can see why now), this movie should have never been made! I do like Julianne Moore as an actress, and I thought she did a fine job in taking over the role of Clarice Starling. Anthony Hopkins is great in this movie, it's appropriately titled as this movie is all about Hannibal. Not Hannibal and Clarice, just Hannibal. IT focuses more on his running than the chase that ensues once Clarice, the Italian policeman, and Mason Verger appear. Mason Verger...one of the oddest characters on film! HE is almost as sick and twisted as Hannibal, but at least Hannibal is nicer to look at. Mason had been "attacked" by Hannibal and is the only survivor of Lecter's. I never realized that it was Gary Oldman playing him til the end credits...GARY OLDMAN, he is a great actor, but where is the ability to change character types? He is so stereotyped now. THis is definitely his most outrageous! and the makeup job is so amazingly gross!!! this is a very gross movie. I never found this movie scary or suspenseful. It had a few laughs, and some great acting.-- Hopkins and Oldman. They should have left Ray Liotta out, as he is and always will be one of the worst actors in the history of film. Then we wouldn't have to witness that most disturbing scene in the film. It really made me hate this movie as the gore here does not do anything to help the story in my opinion. I wouldn't recommend this movie. I think it is one of the worst of the year 2001 if not of all time. If you are a big fan of gore, maybe you'll like it for that one reason because this movie has nothing else going for it.     