 How many of us will actually admit that we enjoyed this movie? Hence, that is why it is a guilty pleasure of mine. Of course, 20 years ago, when I first saw it, I wouldn't have agreed with my previous statement here.   For a sequel, it isn't bad, but it isn't good either. It's so bad it is good.  This is classic 80's cheese at it's finest 1 and 1/2 hours.  What is really amazing about this film is that Michelle Pfeiffer is the star.  She plays Stephanie Zinoni, the new leader of the Pink Ladies.  Yes, the pink ladies are in this one, too. Not only can Pfeiffer look down right unhappy to be in this film, but she can sing! and dance!  sort of... The highlight for her singing is with "Cool Rider", a tune in which she declares what it is she really wants in a guy to Michael.     She isn't a bad crooner, she even crooned in a much better movie "The Fabulous Baker Boys".  Watching this on t.v.(the watered down, edited version), the other day, and now being older and wiser than I was the first 20 times, I think that Pfeiffer really didn't want to do this film.  Perhaps she was embarrassed and still is by it. She doesn't look like she is enjoying being in a musical comedy.  Her acting isn't bad, but it is strained.  Maybe that is how the character should be played, but like John Travolta in "Grease", she just looks bored and uninterested. As far as the movie goes, I can't believe I was so obsessed with this at one time.  I know it was only because it had the name "Grease" attached to it. That is the only similarity it has with the original.  That and some of the same actors have come back.  Didi Conn, Sid Ceasar, Eve Arden, and Doodie Goodman are all here.  Frenchie, is showing Sandy's English cousin, Michael Carrington, played quite lamely by Maxwell Caulfield, the "ropes".  Michael falls for Stephanie. Stephanie has just dumped the leader of the t-birds, Johnny Nogerelli.  Johnny is played by Adrian Zmed. He hasn't become an Academy award nominated actor like Pfeiffer, but he is a decent enough actor who seems to fit more into this and looks more comfortable than Michelle.   Michael does everything he can in his power to become the "cool rider" that Stephanie is looking for.  The really unrealistic part is how she meets up with him once he becomes Mr. Cool Rider, and she doesn't even know who he really is. But we wouldn't have much of a movie if she did know, right? Also, the ending of the first movie is so much better.  Here, we have a luai with corny tunes. Much much cornier than "We got Together".  Instead, we get "We'll be together" as the last song.   Even though I know this is hardly a great movie musical, it seems to still keep me entertained today.  The soundtrack has some really fun songs, and once again, I find myself just having fun watching and singing along.   Watch it for pure mindless fun.     