 First off, I found this movie hard to understand at times, the English accents were so thick, I really had to force myself to pay very close attention to everything.   There came a particular scene in "sexy beast" that forced me to turn it off as it held no revelence to the film whatsoever.  If it was to the director and writer, I failed to see what this was supposed to bring to the film.  Also, the over used foul term that begins with c and ends with t was used more like it was a regularly used word.  Well, it is a very disgusting word, and I don't know why the writer chose this word.  It must be a very frequently spoken in England.  Also, I just think there is far too much swearing.  Do screenwriters really think that making the characters swear is going to make a film?   The reason I started my review with this gripe is because this is what brought it down to just three stars. I thought it was a very entertaining, fast paced, in your face love story/heist/gangster movie, and I liked it.  It's original and daring and is bold.   Ben Kingsley, who is playing perhaps the most evil I have ever seen him play, is outstanding!  What an actor!  Here is an actor who is so versatile, and his performance is so amazing.  I just can't believe the audacity of Don Logan, his character here.  This is one of the most menacing characters on film.  The dialogue that springs from his lips is truly mouth dropping and just down right shocking at times.   Gal, played with great precision by Ray Winstone, is a just retired "gangster"  and is asked by Logan to do a job.  Logan, is beastly and was once romantically linked to one of them women in the film. Gal is married to Deedee, a former porno actress.  She isn't the one from Logan's affair.  She is very happily married to Gal who totally seems to adore her.   I will not give much more away about this film, but it is very much worth viewing to the viewer with an open mind.  There is some gore and graphic scenes that may be disturbing to some.   However, it has a good plot that kept me watching to the end once I cued the dvd back up.  It has biting humour, strange visions of bunny rabbits, and is one the best films of 2001.     