 I think that Kevin Spacey really is the best part of this film. He is so incredibly talented and human in his role of Prot, an alien from the planet, K-PAX.   This is the kind of film where by the end you are contemplating what the truth is.  That said, I will not say much more about the outcome of the story. I think that K-PAX as a film is an okay movie. It's not the greatest of the year.  So why do I give it five stars? SPACEY!!  This is an actor who loves his craft and seems genuinely happy doing it.  He takes on a project and dives into it full force, putting his heart and soul into every role he takes on.  He is very passionate about his work. For those diehard fans of Kevin Spacey, this film is worth the rental fee.  He is so wonderful in this.  He truly brings the character of Prot to life, and you feel that you really know him.  He delivers his lines so perfectly, and he has a great range of emotion.  He isn't afraid of anything.  This is a true professional actor!   K-PAX is the story of a psychiatrist, played by, in my opinion, a miscast Jeff Bridges.  Jeff plays Dr. Mark Powell.  A man that is so into his job that he loses his first wife, and his son won't even talk to him.  He is remarried to Rachel, played by Mary MacCormack.  They have two daughters together.  So, I believe Mark is trying to be more into family, but he is really just into his work so deep he often ignores them.  He especially gets into his work when he gets a new patient, Prot, a self-proclaimed alien, who appears as a human.   Prot's knowledge of astronomy is incredible, and impresses the colleagues of Powell's astronomer friend.   Dr. Powell is amazed at Prot.  He is totally enthralled by this patient and spends a great deal of his time trying to help him get mentally well. Prot seems perfectly fine except for being an alien from the planet K-PAX. All the while, the other patients are totally amorous of Prot. He wants to help, and does help to cure a few of the other patients.   Dr. Powell gets so close to Prot that he invites him over to his house.  This is when the trouble starts.  Water, sprinklers... and Prot goes from a calm man pushing a little girl on a swing to a raving lunatic. Of course, Powell only gets more entrigued and wants to try hypnosis. Through hypnosis, Powell is able to learn of Prot's life and the truth...or does he? Even though it is a thought provoking film, Jeff Bridges character is just confusing.  It is never made clear to the audience that he is good.  Sure, he is a doctor of psychiatry, but that doesn't make him a saint.  His priorities are out of whack, but he wants to help people too.  Maybe we aren't supposed to like him but we want to? Also, Bridges looked tired and bored in this movie.  His acting was terrible. I digress.  Spacey is worth watching.  It's an interesting enough story, and I can't say enough good things about Spacey's performance.     