 Mix these movies up together, "It's a wonderful life", "Scrooged", and "Mr. Destiny" and you have a perfect recipe for "The Family Man". Why? It's a wonderful life:  Nicholas Cage plays the male romantic lead who has a life affirming moment that has him go back in time and see how life could have been different.  Well, in this story he does exist unlike George, but it was also Christmas time in this movie and it faintly reminded me of the story. Scrooged - Like Bill Murray's character in Scrooged, Jack Campbell(Cage in Family Man) is well off and somewhat bitter toward the opposite sex.  We see in both films as the story progresses or goes back in time what made them both turn so sour.  They both change for the better and realize a few things about the way they really want their lives to be. Mr. Destiny - In this movie, Jim Belushi, meets up with some one and gets an opportunity to see how his life could've turned out had he done something differently.  The plot of Family man is very similar.  Jack meets up with Don Cheadle(the black man who tries to rob the convenice store Jack goes into) and well, let's just say no one knows for sure who this criminal/angel type is, but he knows Jack and knows it is time to do something differently with his life. I liked all these movies, and I now add "The Family Man" to the list.  It was charming, very funny, and bittersweet.  Tea Leoni plays the wife that Jack wakes up to the next morning after meeting the criminal/angel. Jack has gone back in time to live his life had he stayed with his ex, who was Leoni.   It was funny because my doctor had this song on in the background the day before I watched this on cable and she told me about the movie(I hadn't seen it yet), and it's the song that Cage sings to his wife at her birthday party. I'm not sure who sings it or the name but there is a line where he goes.."Sha la la la la la I love you."  He actually had a decent voice and seemed so sincerely in love with her.  It is one of the more romantic scenes in the movie, which has some a few more. If you just want a nice romantic story to curl up with, this is perfect.     