 I had been recommended this movie by two different people, and boy, was this the best recommendation of a film I've had in awhile!!! Before I actually started watching this, I sat in the darkness of my living room and opened my mind.  I told myself that I have no expectations.  It is going to be different, yes, but that is why I am watching it.   Richard Kelly is so amazingly creative!!! He is the Quention Tarentino of the new Millennium!!!  While this movie is not violent like Pulp Fiction, it's screenplay is just as original.  "Donnie Darko" certainly may not be the feel good movie of the year nor was it a blockbuster hit.  It is now my favorite movie. Why?  Well, first off, it is unique and I am so tired of the usual romantic comedy or the formulatic action/adventure that has come out in the past year.  2001 had so many movies come out of it that i just did not care for.  This film is one of the select few that really moved me and made me think and was also very intensly entertaining.  If you are of the group of people that just wants to have some silly laughs or want something light and airy, this isn't a movie for you.  I do often like to laugh, and did find myself laughing a few times at this movie, but it is so original>  It's a beautiful story that is told through Donnie's mind.   Secondly, the acting is brilliant.  Jake Gyllenhaal, also of the moronic "Bubble Boy", is utterly amazing and so in tune to his character, Donnie Darko.  It's as if the character was written for him.  The expressions he makes often appear a bit creepy, but he isn't supposed to be competely sane.  Donnie is, however, a good person, and Jake makes him seem so real and true.  I pay a great deal of attention to what the characters say and do in movies, and I think that Donnie Darko is one of the greatest characters ever written.  Sure he may have some emotional problems, but he is a nice guy who in some respect is willing to do anything for someone he loves.  The film itself is set in October 1988, and Donnie, who is on medication for emotional problems, has this very frightening and menacing looking bunny rabbitt called Frank come to him into a dream. Frank makes Donnie do things, things that maybe in Donnie's mind may seem like the right thing to do but aren't; however, he feels there is some justification in doing them.  While he may feel this way, his school(except for one teacher, played by Drew Barrymore), and the self-help preaching Jim Cunningham, played by Patrick Swayze do not.   Talk about the 80's!! Swayze hasn't been in much since those days.   Drew Barrymore is the worst thing about this movie.  Is her character supposed to be acted so badly? I have never particularly liked her as an actress.  She was born into an acting family, and I think it is the name that has gotten her into films.  She is the executive producer of Donnie Darko, and I think that they just gave her a role in this because of that reason.  She plays Donnie's English teacher, and while her acting is pretty bad, the character is one that Donnie actually appreciates and to some extent admires.   Mary McDonnell, who's most celebrated work is in Passion Fish, plays Mrs. Rose Darko.  She is very good in this and convincing as the mother who feels as if she hasn't done a good job as mother to Donnie.   Katharine Ross plays the therapist that Donnie goes to.  She takes the role seriously, and plays it very well yet subdued. No real other names stick out for me in the acting category, but all of the actors and actresses are all very good in this.  They all work very well together.   My other reason this is a favorite of mine is that it is set in the 1980's, which is my generation.  I was in junior high and high school then and this brings back great memories for me. I think they could have made more use of 80's music in the film.  The only song I recognized is Tears for Fears, "Head over Heels".  The main reason I call this favorite is because of it's originality and it's message.  I paid very close attention to Donnie and what he says throughout the film, and I found the message to be a bit complex and hard to understand what was going on until the end.  That is all I will say.     One really must take this movie with a complete open mind.  I really can't classify this film into one genre, it is a bit science fiction with it's subplot about time travel, but there is so much to this movie it's just hard to classify for those who contemplate watching it.  If you are up for something completely different and go into it with a mind wide open, I think you will be very pleasantly surprised. This is a sad, demented at times, powerful, and thought provoking film that was so overlooked while in theaters.  It never came anywhere near me on the big screen, only in Cambridge. I rented the dvd, which was so amazingly well done.  I watched a lot of the extras, for fans of the film, it is worth buying with all the extra goodies such as deleted scenes with audio commentary.  I, myself, like to watch with the commentary on after viewing the movie as it brings me into a deeper understanding of what the filmmaker was trying to accomplish.     