 This book was given to me as a gift. As a fan of MM, I used to buy a lot of books on her, which were all pretty redundant.  This was a great diversion.  It is a collection of writings from other publications and some strictly for the book itself and also the author, Yona Zeldis McDonough's, insights and thoughts on MM. It is interesting to read what other people think, and some of these writers are quite well known -- Joyce Carol Oates, Gloria Steinhem, Marge Piercy,. These essays show Marilyn in a positive and worst possible light. -- Every little available, hence the title, "All the Available Light".  I think this book needs to be read with an extreme open mind by the fans.  As a woman who truly loves and is a fan of Monroe, I got the feeling that woman writers here are not fans.  They stepped up on their soapbox and tore Marilyn into pieces because of her overt sexuality and the fact that she appeared to be the dumb blonde.  They seemed almost intimidated and resorted to stupid remarks about her intelligence.    No one truly knew Marilyn, she was and still is an enigma.  We can only form opinions, which is what this little blurb of writing really is. Every opinion you can think of is here.  There are some facts thrown in for good measure, and the author ends it with a "Chronology"  From this, we find out that the author thinks MM was murdered.  Even though Marilyn didn't particularly like Sir Lawrence Olivier, I thought his chapter was one of the best ones.  He was her leading man in "The Prince and the Showgirl". After speaking rather bluntly about his sometimes frustrating experience working with her, he realizes in retrospect that in the finished product, she was brilliant and quite beautiful.   Which is my own opinion as well. So, I'm biased, I'll admit that. A lot of this book was very boring and read like text book material with the contributors making up their own words like Monroeivitiy and Monroean.  Please... I don't highly recommend this book, but it is an interesting peek into other people's minds and how Marilyn affected them in both their personal and professional lives.     