 The cottage I rented on my vacation held a copy of "Charming Lily" in it's very full bookcases. Why did I chose this over the great library in the Summer vacation house? I knew the name Fern Michaels vaguely, and I had never read any of her books before. I figured it would be a light, easy to read and follow book that I could read in the five days I was there. Fern Michaels, I quote, "likes to write about strong women". The "Lily" of the title is a woman of small stature(from her description) but large on determination.  I don't know about strength.  The end of the story doesn't make her out to be such a strong woman.  his is the one and only book I will read by Michaels just because of her quote because I don't agree with her at all that Lily was a strong woman.  She was a kind hearted, and broken hearted woman who buckles under loves strap. Lily is stood up at the altar by the male romantic lead in the story, Matt Starr(a perfect male romantic lead name), she vows never to get involved again and moves on. Her and Sadie, her best friend since childhood, both embark on careers as Survival Camp Counselors.  Matt is among one of the group Lily is leading in the beginning of the story, and it's been a few years since he blew her off at the altar. The get involved again, and chaos ensues. Matt is kidnapped by three brothers who sound like something out of a gangster movie.  He is saved after days of real "survival" by Lily, Sadie, and Matt's best friend, Dennis.  Eventually it all ends tragically happy, like most romance novels.  A charm called a "wish keeper" is worn around Lily's neck throughout most of the story, and she has the "seizures" that make her see the future and see things that are happening. That is how they all find Matt Starr.  The secondary story aside from ooey gooey love kept me interested enough to keep reading.   Every character in the story gets what they eventually deserve depending on their circumstances throughout the story.  It's a perfect book for people who like a nicely wrapped up ending, those that want closure are far below their reading level here. But at least you get form of closure.     The love story of this is very predictable, but like I said, it was light reading for summer vacation that was easy to get through in five days.  Recommended for vacation read! Eileen Famiglietti     