 Listening to this album recently, after it collecting dust on my shelf of c.d.s', I realized this isn't the best compliation album I own. Yet, I had fun singing along with and grooving in the driver's seat to the few songs that I actually like on it. "Don't go Breaking My heart" -- Now there is a great 70's song from the musical genuis of Elton John along with that cutesy overall wearing chick, KiKi Dee(whatever happened to her?)  I know all the words to this upbeat tune. "Dream Weaver"  -- All I can think of when I hear this song is the movie, "Wayne's World".  A classic smooth one hit wonder. "Love Machine" -- In all honesty, this song could've been left off this record. I think it is a lousy song, and I am sure there are other songs out there from the year that could've put on here.   "Let your Love Flow" --Another one I know all the words, too.  This was played a lot on the radio back in the mid to late 70's. It's a country rock ditty I love hearing again. "Play that Funky music" --  A DEEMED CLASSIC ...One of the best songs I have ever danced to.It's funky, it's cool, it's very hip to this day. "Saturday Night" -- I was never a fan of the Bay City Rollers, but I always loved this song, especially after it was used in a Mike Myers' movie, "So I married an ax murderer".  Very fun, and again, another one I know by heart. "Fooled around and fell in love" -- I'm not crazy about this song.  There is nothing special about as far as I am concerned. "I really want to see you tonight" -- Reminds me of my past boyfriends.   Again, I know this word for word..I don't know why.  I was 7 in 1976, but as the 70's progressed this was one song I still heard a lot and well, i didn't get it, but I liked it anyway. "All By Myself" -- I never really liked this song, but when Nicole Kidman plays it at the funeral of her husband that she's just had murdered in "TOO DIE FOR", I couldn't help but laugh. That is all I can identify this with now. "Theme from SWAT" __ HUH? What is this? I never listen to this, I always fast forward back to Elton John & Kiki Dee. This is a totally mixed bag as far as compliations go. I have very few of Billboards albums in my album collection. I highly recommend the  year 1979 over this one as I loved every song on that. I like most of the songs on this record, but having to skip anything to get on the next best thing doesn't make me want to recommend it.     