 Grease has that very typical story line that many musicals have: boy loses girl, boy gets girl back, loses girl again, does something radically different to get her,and then gets her back. Olivia Newton John is Sandy, and John Travolta is Danny..the boy and girl of the story.   It's one my favorite movies of all time. A lot of the reviews here are very negative.  Some stating that the film has far too much sexual innuendo, and some people just go way into detail.. While Grease may have some sexual innuendo,(i didn't really know what that was at 9 when i first saw it), it may have people in it who are clearly not teenagers, but adults playing teenagers..but come on' fellow ... This is Grease we are talking about!!! It's a musical! It's certainly not made for children under the age of 9, but if kids younger than that are watching, I don't think they even notice that..it goes right over their heads while they sing and dance along with all the fun songs that grace the entire movie's soundtrack. I think many of the reviewers here have taken Grease to seriously..It's one thing not to like this movie, which I know plenty of people who do...and that's fine...I will always love this movie.  I did at 9 years old when it came out..and I still love it now, 24 years later.  It is just pure fun to watch even if some of the characters do seem annoying at times(the t-birds), danny and kenickie are the t birds..the other guys are just three stooges rip offs.   I did like all of the pink ladies, and I think the best acting done was my the leader herself, Rizzo, played by the wonderfully talented actress, Stockard Channing.  John Travolta, Danny, who is charming, often looks bored and not happy to be in this movie, but I still love watching him careen across the floor during "Greased Lightening".  This is a movie that I can watch over and over.  Every time it comes on cable, I have to watch at least half of it. This movie has always been so entertaining for me and so fun to watch.  It's an "escape" from all the serious films.  This is a movie worth watching for fans of musicals, fans of Stockard Channing, Olivia Newton JOhn, or John Travolta, or just for people who like to have fun and be entertained in a very simplistic way.(Warning: you may start singing along as they break into song!) And it's got a good ending...     