 I will willingly watch any movie of any kind, and go along with the story so long as it keeps me under its spell.  Which is exactly what this movie did for me.  It's my new favorite movie. "Secretary" is funny (in it's own strange way) and absolutely mesmerizing.  If you can get past the fact that every character in this movie is bizarre and just go with it, you will love it. It's been awhile since a movie has made me this happy.  I've been watching far too many depressing and unoriginal movies that left me feeling like the future of my attending a movie screening bleak.  Lee has just been released from an institution, and it's the day of her sister's wedding.  Early on, she is very odd and you wonder what the heck is going on.  She's cutting herself, and her father is an alcoholic.  Life is not very happy for our dear odd bird, Lee.  Then she applies for her first job as secretary to E. Edward Grey.  Her existence takes quite a turn once working for Mr. Grey. Mr. Grey is into S&M, and when Lee starts making typos, he gives the bad girl something to remember him by. She loves every minute.   This is what floats their boat, so to speak...If it makes them happy then so be it.   Per his request, she stops cutting.  He also tells her what to do all the time, even what to eat for dinner, and she gladly obliges. She does everything he tells her. Underneath her submissiveness, Lee is embarking on a very weird journey into finding herself and falls in love.   It has some great dialogue, too. Now when I answer the phones at work, I smile and laugh to myself, and all I can think of is this movie.   It's brilliantly acted by all the actors especially Maggie.  Her performance was the best of all actresses in the year 2002 that I had to the distinct pleasure to witness.  She took on the role and truly made it a spectacle to see.   It was like watching a caterpillar turn into a butterfly.  I thought that she and James Spader had an amazing chemistry together.   I say to each is own, some of us appreciate films that push the buttons of others.  This film is worth watching. Also, I am a Secretary myself, and couldn't help but laugh at a lot of the scenes between Lee and Mr. Grey.  I've worked for some real strange men, but no one was quite like E. Edward. This movie should be shown on Sundance on April 23rd, to pay homage to all secretaries like me.     