 Once again, PBS shows another great film. "Laura" was on, and I had been wanting to see it for awhile as I had loved Gene Tierney in "Leave her to Heaven". Gene Tierney, who I think is the most beautiful woman to ever grace the movie screen, plays Laura Hunt.  Laura works for an advertising agency, and she works her way up to the top of the corporate ladder just barely hitting the glass ceiling. While working on a new sponsor for a new product, she meets Waldo Lydecker(what a great character name!), played by Clifton Webb.  Who, by the way, is outstanding in this movie!  What a performance!  Her relationship with Mr. Lydecker is strictly platonic, at least she thinks it is. Waldo has other plans.   He falls for her hard and stalks her.  He goes so far as to kill her!  or does he? The whole film is told in narration by Waldo, and after the supposed death of Laura.  He tells the story of how they met and about their relationship to us and to Lt. Mark Macpherson(and we see it all unfold on screen), played by Dana Andrews, who also turns in a great performance. Macpherson gets into Laura's apartment and starts snooping around to find information.  There is a portrait of her hanging over the fireplace, and it is so engaging that he falls in love with her just from glaring at it for so long.   Vincent Price played lead romantic male roles before turning to the "House of Wax" and other old horror movie.  He plays Shelby Carpenter, one of the other men who become entranced by Laura's beauty.   The movie is classic film noir.  Filmed in black and white, it still makes Gene Tierney look so amazingly and utterly stunning to look at. She had a true classic look, and she was a great actress.  She seemed to be in a class all her own.  Webb delivers some of the wittiest yet devilish lines in the film, and he is just pure brilliance in the role of Walter Lydecker. I don't know who beat him to Oscar that year, but he was extremely deservant of it himself. This is a great classic old movie.  Worth watching!!! I highly recommend this one!!! Eileen Famiglietti     