 "Fifteen thousand cabbies in New York, and I have to get the one who speaks English.  I took down his medallion number. I don't know why.  What was I going to do? Complain? Yes, Mr. Singh insisted on driving safely and being charming and wise.  See that it doesn't happen again." This is Robin Hudson's mind, her thoughts and inner most feelings all laid out on a cab ride in which she just wants to get to where she wants to go.  Also, this quote from "What's a girl gotta do" was one that had me literally cracking up with laughter.  She is a witty woman, that Sparkle.   The story is told all in first person by Robin Hudson.  She's quick witted, honest and a totally red hot dame.  This dame is also a reporter/journalist who has lost credibility in her field due to some antics. Like, belching into the mike(not knowing it would carry so far) at a press conference.  She also asked someone what human meat tasted like.  This is a girl who has nothing holding her back.  Along side is her impending divorce.  With these two strikes against her, she goes full throttle into the investigation of the murder of Griff, a private eye who had some personal information on not only Robin but a few other employees of ANN (ALL NEWS NETWORK) Otherwise known as Robin's place of work.   Griff is found murdered at the Marafles Hotel, on New Year's Eve.  This is after he meets face to face with Robin on the dance floor at her work party. He tells her to come up to his room to retrieve this "information"  Before she can meet him, he is found dead, apparently murdered.  Robin becomes a suspect.  She spends most of her time trying to prove she is innocent and find out who the real killer is.  Keeping up with the frenetic pace, Robin goes about her life as normally as she can. She is working on a sperm bank scandal for the news, and is also trying to solve Griff's murder.  Eventually another murder happens..no not our dear Robin.  We need her to keep the story going, and she does it so well.  A great face paced story that will make you laugh.  I think Robin is a character many women will relate to very well.  She's got strength, determination, and will not give up.  A true woman of the 90's!  Even though she does look like Rita Hayworth. This debut novel of Sparkle Hayter is a murder mystery/comedy/behind the scenes of t.v. news type story.  She seems like an extremely intelligent woman yet also close to comedic genius.  I like how she writes. She knows how to blend comedy in with a good story, and she knows how to "hook" the reader.  When I read both this and "Naked Brunch" I was immersed into a world of Sparkle's world that I didn't want to leave.  I instantly fell in love with her writing when I read "Naked Brunch", which I read before this one.  It's not empty mindless fun, like I said Sparkle is a smart chick.  She has had some experience in the field of journalism and is also a sometime stand up comic.  Smart, sassy, and Witty is how I describe her. This is the first of five Robin Hudson mysteries.  I don't usually make it a habit of reading series books, but that habit is about to start.     