 I had really lost all hope of ever reading another Stephen King book after trying to attempt reading "Dolores Claiborne", which was the worst of his.   Well, some ten odd years later, I picked up "Hearts in Atlantis" at a yard sale. I had heard it was a good book, and that the movie was great. I always have to read the book before seeing the movie, so opted for the written page. It was awesome.  "Hearts...." is a book broken down into five separate stories that all have a connection is some form. The first story "Low Men in Yellow Coats" is the longest and best of the group. It is set in the Summer of 1960, Bobby Garfield, Carol Gerber, and Sully John are all 11 yrs. old and enjoying their youth in adventurous ways.  Enter Ted Brautigan, who is an older man.  He takes a room in the house that Bobby and his not so nice mother live in.  He becomes Bobby's father figure, and the boy becomes emotionally attached to Ted much to his mother's chagrin. He askes Bobby to read to him, pays the kid for it, and thus they begins their bonding. It is extremely well written and the characters just burst with life. I felt as if I really knew Bobby, who was my favorite character in the book. I am glad that this story dominates the pages of this thick novel because it is the best work of fiction here as it's the most endearing. The four stories left, "Hearts In Atlantis", "We Were in Vietnam", "Blind Willie", "Heavnely shades of Night falling" all have a character in them that appeared in "Low Men". This is the connection of them all. In some stories, they are older, and the men have seen the horrors of Vietnam, and they have all had the war effect them in some way. Carol becomes a protestor in "Hearts in Atlantis", which is set at a college in Maine. This was my second favorite.  The book certainly doesn't have much closure, as some reviewers were looking for, but I don't think that this is what King wanted with this work. He is just showing how life was in the 60's, and how the Vietnam war shaped the lives of the characters in the stories, which span from the summer of 1960 up til 1999. There is a lot of sadness, humor, and realism to this piece of writing. Worth reading!!! Just skip "Blind Willie" as I don't think it adds anything but just annoys.  I hated it but read the whole thing anyway.  It was annoying and boring.  We get to see how the bad kid from "Low Men" turns into a bad man basically. Highly recommended!! Eileen Famiglietti     