 "Almost Famous" is a comedy/drama/on the road type of film that tells the tale of a 15 year old boy named William Miller being on the road with a band called Stillwater.  Along the way, he makes friends and falls in love.   Miller, played so perfectly and brilliantly by Patrick Fugit, wants to be a rock journalist much to the chagrin of his mother.  Frances Mcdormand plays his overbearing, overprotective mother, and every scene she is in cracks me up.  She was also excellent in this movie, and definitely deserves her Oscar nomination.  Speaking of Oscar, Kate Hudson, who is also nominated in the same category, Best Supporting Actress, is also great in the movie.  She plays Penny Lane, a groupie..excuse me, "Band aid", she says she is just a big fan of the music and wants to be around the band.  She would rather be around famous people cuz they are more interesting.   William gets his first professional gig as a writer for Rolling Stone.  He is to go on the road with a band and write a fantastic article about his journey with the band Stillwater. Does he ever get his whole story amidst the drugs, sex, and rock and roll?  You will have to watch this movie to find out.   I am a huge fan of alot of the bands used in the movies soundtrack, which is awesome by the way.  There are a few songs you won't recognize, but you will know who's singing.   It is said that this film is a semi-autobiograpical account of Cameron Crowe's early days, before his career took off.He is both the director and writer of the movie.  The band Stillwater is a composite of the bands, yes there was more than one, that Crowe went on the road with.  This maybe not be the classic 70's film that Dazed and Confused is, but it is pretty darn close if you ask me.   I actually originally wanted to see this movie because Billy Crudup, who I admire as an actor and just like to look at, was in it.  I also wanted to see it because it was the latest Cameron Crowe flick as I have loved most of the films he has done: Fast Times at Ridgemont High, Say Anything, Singles.. I consider "Almost Famous" to be one of the best films of the year 2000.  It had a very endearing quality(especially to those who grew up in the 70s and loved the rock and roll that came out of it) and some of the best performances of the year.   It's a great rental....     