 I read the book, "A Walk to remember" by Nicholas Sparks, and I really liked the story and how it's main character, Landon Carter, evolved. It was a story of redemption and undying love. The overall message to it is: It is what inside that counts. We can all learn from this that people can really have an effect on what kind of person we really want to be deep down.   The movie has kept up the part of the story between Landon and Jamie Sullivan, the girl he falls for. However, I was not at all pleased with the fact that they had made it a modern day story when it was set in the 1950's in the book, and Landon narrated it from the present.  It was like he was looking back at his life, and replaying those most important momments.  It was a quality the book had that kept the story and it's meaning so true to life.  We all often look back at past relationships and experiences that helped shape who we have turned out to be. The movie totally disregarded that whole part, and that awful soundtrack of "movie rock songs" doesn't help my opinion.  The only song that had any meaning was the song that Jamie sang to Landon in the play. It was perfectly clear to me that this movie just used the book as a springboard for a new teen movie.  I have no idea who Shane West is, and I didn't think there was anything special about him. When I pictured Landon in the book, he was nothing like this guy. He just appeared to be another cast member of Dawson's creek.  Mandy Moore, who played Jamie, was okay. She is the latest of the pop singers to grace the silver screen, and she didn't do much better than any of those who came before her.  She wasn't the worse actress, but like West, I didn't feel anything special about her performance. The best acting was by Darryl Hannah as Landon's mom, and Peter Coyote, as Jamie's father who is the reverend in the small North Carolina town they live in.  They were both very believable. The scenery was beautiful. I know the story is set in N. Carolina, but I don't know that it was actually filmed there.  If you just see the movie and skip the book, maybe you will better off than me. I tend to compare movie to book. The book is always so much better because you get to know the characters so much better. If you don't have time for the book, but like romantic films, this is an okay diversion from reality.  It is not one of the best, but if you are under the age of 18, you will probably appreciate this more.  It seems most of the reviewers here are of that age group. I am on the fence here, I recommend it to young adults. Fans of the book, it would be a better movie had it been more true to the original story.  Skip it, and read the book again. Eileen Famiglietti     