 I purchased this item on 10/3/04 and received it on 10/7/04. It bothered me that UPS left it outside my front door, but Amazon or JetAudio don't always have control over that. I purchased my iAudio4 from Amazon instead of directly from JetAudio because the shipping was $3 cheaper on Amazon. I debated between the 512MB and the 1GB units, but finally decided on the 1GB unit because I felt the extra 512MB was worth another $50; so, instead of being able to store about 8 hours of mp3 music, I can store 16 hours of mp3 music with the 1GB model (which is much more than I'll need, but it will keep me from deleting songs so that I can add new songs; this way, I can keep all the songs I like without having to add/delete).  The quality is very good.  Here are some points: 1) Be careful opening the battery compartment; be sure to just slide the compartment open a little bit and then lift it out (as opposed to sliding it completely back to expose the USB connection).  If you slide the compartment all the way back and then lift up, then you will break-off the little tab which keeps the compartment housing attached to the unit for USB use.  You'll see what I mean when you handle the unit (just be gentle). 2) The buttons are well positioned and they all worked just fine. The menu structure is simple to learn and easy to use. 3) The unit was smaller than I had expected, which is great. 4) The screen is big and clear.  The colors are cool. 5) The battery indicator works well, and if you click on the Information menu, you can see the actual battery voltage (a really neat feature, I thought). 6) The sound is excellent.  There are several ways to adjust sounds (as indicated in the product details at the beginning of the Amazon webpage). 7) The radio worked great. 8) The voice recording also worked great. 9) The product does NOT include an armband as indicated in the product details section.  It does include a neck strap.  I have reported this inaccuracy to Amazon.  You can purchase an armband from JetAudio for a reasonable amount...see their website. 10) I connected to Windows XP without any problems (after turning-off my virus scanner and the Windows firewall). 11) I was able to download mp3 songs to the unit just fine; the download speed is fast. 12) I did not install the software CD.  You don't need it to copy files to the unit (just use Windows Explorer). 13) I did upgrade the firmware to version 1.60a (which you can download from the iAudio or JetAudio websites). 14) The unit is very attractive; I purchased the metal silver (they also have a model with a black face plate). 15) Check-out iAudio's website for a lot of helpful info like user forums, where folks post helpful stuff about iAudio units. 16) The unit comes with 1GB of memory, but due to the firmware and special effects, 983MB is available for music/file storage (which is still plenty for me).  I'm very pleased with my iAudio4 1GB unit.  I purchased it for my partner for Christmas.  Yes, I'm doing my Christmas shopping really early in order to avoid out-of-stock situations (and in order to get the best price).  The Amazon price was the best price I could find on the web.  This Amazon purchase is not directly through Amazon, it is through JetAudio.  JetAudio promptly sent me an email to confirm my order and then sent me another email with the UPS tracking number.  They did an excellent job of processing my order quickly and correctly.  My only complaint: This unit is pricey when compared to other units.  I seriously considered the Creative Labs Muvo TX FM 512MB, but it is not available yet.  Only the 256MB version is available.  Creative Labs prices are much more reasonable and after doing much research, I learned that this particular Creative Labs product also received top marks from consumers.     