 This album is an absolute masterpiece which has unfortunately been overlooked and so is not as well known as other prog rock masterpieces.  This is a shame because it deserves to be up there.  Even though the songs are primarily about Fish's experiences they open up and allow anybody to enter who has a touch of melancholy about there childhood experiences.    The album starts off with the protagonist experiencing a 'morning mare' which is the spirit of his misplaced childhood.  The vision then takes us on a journey, the first part being the remembrance of lost love 'Kayleigh' with it's beautiful melody.  This breaks way into another love related song 'Lavender' where children singing remind the protagonist of the lost love song that he always wanted to write.    Things turn a little darker then when we are taken on the memories of the protagonist visiting a prostitute in Lyon to try and erase the pain of a broken relationship.  Instead the protagonist ends up 'falling' for the prostitute as a substitute for his lost love.  But he is stood up by the prostitute and has a 'misplaced rendevous' with the parallel of his lost love, who never boards the plane.  So the protagonist goes back home and tries to drown his sorrows in shows of bravado and drinking "Heart of Lothian" but this doesn't really help the protagonist and he is left facing himself with sad eyes in the mirror.  Thus endeth side one.  Side two then takes us on an even darker journey as the protagonist starts to fall apart and finds the world a very dark place to live in indeed.  But from this breakdown come the seeds of hope (in an almost alchemical type process) and the protagonist realises that he hasn't misplaced a childhood at all, but has misplaced direction, and now that he has found direction there is no childhood's end.  And so ends the second half on a positive note.  So the album takes us through the whole process of relationship breakdown to falling apart to finding hope through it all.  Ans that's just the story.. The music behind it all is nothing short of magical.  One hell of a listening experience that everyone should go on at least once.      