 No doubt this is a good book, but be warned that it takes up to about a third of the book to really get going.  The initial part of the story is a bit annoying and quite 'whiney' in tone as the protagonist grows up and feels terribly alone and misunderstood, as she can perceive the spiritual realm, when no one else can.  Some judicious editing wouldn't have gone astray here.  It could have been condensed to about three chapters.  The middle part of the book deals with the protagonist completely relocating through time and space to suddenly find herself in her previous incarnation of, you guessed it, the queen of Egypt. (Why anyone is never the person who cleaned up the crap after the camel in a previous life, is beyond me.)  That being said, this is where the book does get interesting as the protagonist is slowly introduced to spiritual teachings about the nature of the world, including pairs of opposites, sacred geometry, astrology etc.  The information provided is thought provoking and interesting but nothing you haven't really heard before if you've studied Hermetic Philosophy.  Still, pretty good though.  The description of the kind of Astral visions in the sarcophagus are really interesting, especially the ancient archetypal idea of searching for your opposite to complete you, in the Jungian Animus/Anima kind of way.  Also the confrontation with the evil shadow is provocatively described.  The last third of the book is still interesting and is a return back into the 'Present' where the protagonist is recognising all the characters in her life as reincarnations of the same mob she hung around with in Egypt all those years ago.  (Are we really destined to spend eternity evolving with the same group of people?) I dunno, but you'd think you'd have more chance of challenging your ego boundaries if you met a wide variety of people who cahllenged you in different ways.  Still, all in all, a worthwhile book.  I'm not sure that you could call it literature in the true novel, sense of the word.  One wonders why a story had to be fabricated and this information couldn't just be presented in a straight forward informative way.  Still worth getting though.     