 This movie was such a refreshing change for Meryl Streep.  She truly shined in a brillant comedic performance as Suzanne Vale, a middle-aged movie actress struggling with drug addiction, her relationship with her aloof mother (Shirley MacLaine) and the challenges of day to day life.  What impressed me the most about Meryl Streep is that you get to see her as a normal, frumpy woman.  Basically, someone you could relate to and sympathize with.  Finally, you get a chance to see Meryl in a film that doesn't take place in some era/period with extravagant costumes and accents.  Ofcourse, many of you already know that this film is based on actress, Carrie Fisher's, bestselling book of the same name.  The dialogue is so witty and fresh that I envy all the actors who got to opportunity to bring the words to life.  One of my favourite scenes is between Suzanne and her mother on the staircase.  In the scene, Suzanne confronts her mother about giving her sleeping pills when she was a child.  She also confronts her about holding her back.  A few memorable lines:  "You don't want me to be a singer.  You're the singer, you're the performer.  I can't possible compete with you.  What if somebody won ?  You want me to do well, just not better than you."  I love that scene.  It even gets more histerical when her mother defends herself about the "birthday party incident".  A memorable line:  "I did not lift my skirt.  IT TWIRLED UP !!".  Then the scene of reconciliation in the hospital.  Some memorable lines:  "You know what dear ?  I think I'm jealous of you.  And that is because it being your turn and all.  And I find it difficult to face that my time is almost up."  Both of the Oscar-winning actresses bring such life and energy to their characters.  For this film, Meryl Streep was nominated for a Best Actress Oscar and Golden Globe.  Shirley MacLaine was nominated for a British Academy Award and Golden Globe.  Don't pass up this fantastic comedy from director Rob Reiner (Misery, A Few Good Men).     