 "Red Dirt" does have it's problems with regards to plot and character development or was it just plain bad editing ?  BUT there are some wonderful moments in the film.  The story is about love, acceptance, courage and self-discovery.  The main character, Griffith, contemplates starting a new life and finding love. There are some beautiful shots in the beginning of the film with the rain falling down on the lilypads in the river.  Personally, I thought Dan Montgomery as Griffith was great.  Even though his accent was little off I thought he gave a very emotional and sensitive performance.  There was a lot of subtlties that I think a lot of viewers missed.  For example, one of the best and saddest scenes in the film is when Griffith and Lee say goodbye to each other.  Just the stillness of each of the actors in the scene was very powerful.  And when they clasp their hands together and the tears come it added so much more.  It wasn't this whole flashy "don't leave me or I'll die" kind of acting.  It was very subtle and powerful.  Now I know a lot of viewers expressed that it was some sort of "cope out" but if they were following the story closely enough they would know why Griffith stayed behind.  A lot of people have issues and reasons as to why they choose to stay where they are and Griffith clearly had his.  We may not want to accept them but it's the honest truth.  I think that's what a lot of people didn't like about this film.  It didn't end "happily ever after" as the majority of us expected.  It didn't fall into the cliche' of two people walking hand and hand into the sunset.  Mind you it's perfectly okay to watch those kinds of movies but once and awhile I want to see something that honestly shows the other spectrum.  It may be painful and sad to watch but it's so much more interesting.  Personally, I don't care for all that typical, cliche' ridden trash that mainstream Hollywood seems to be making more and more these days.  Give me something that'll make me think.  Mind you "Red Dirt" isn't that great of a film.  It still needs some work but I still recommend it to anyone who appreciates good indie flicks with some heart and honesty.     