 There are a lot of books about Jefferson's politics, his religion, his presidency, his time abroad, etc. Even books about Monticello. But this book is unique in that it focuses on how Monticello was actually built. And if you are the least bit interested in Jefferson or early America it is a fascinating read.  It was a revelation to me to learn that Jefferson almost never knew Monticello as we know it today. For nearly his entire life he lived at a construction site -stepping over boards and buckets of plaster, looking through gaping holes in the roof, trying to stay out of the rain, etc.  McLaughlin traces Jefferson's admiration of Palladio (the Italian architect he idolized) and reveals many of the unique problems that had to be overcome during Monticello's construction as well as what was done to overcome them. He also reveals how Jefferson brought skilled craftsmen over from Europe to work on his house, and apprenticed others underneath them to help spread those skills in The United States. These European experts included those skilled in the culinary arts.  Many learned to cook alongside his French chef, and Monticello was the first place in The United States where both ice cream and pancakes were prepared. Two other tidbits that I found fascinating: The first is that Jefferson really gave our country its architectural language. He designed the capitol of Virginia, and our public buildings in Washington D.C. reflect Jefferson's style. In addition, the beautiful mansions of the antebellum South with their columns and porticos were heavily influenced by Jefferson. Monticello was the first building in our country to look that way and subsequent builders followed Jefferson's lead. The second tidbit is the realization that the bricks used to build Monticello were made from the ground that was dug out for the underground passageways. So, unlike almost any other building Monticello has a unique relationship with the land it sits on. If you are interested in Jefferson, homebuilding, early America, or especially if you are an architect, you will enjoy this book.     