 Peggy Noonan simply has a way with words and she delivers with this book. The title itself was refreshing. Noonan offers some behind-the-scenes stories of former staffers getting back together and sharing what they remember about Ronald Reagan. Not just staffers, but foreign leaders, friends and family members as well. Reagan's early upbringing and his father's influence on him was masterfully told, as were the many experiences and twists of life that formed the man (his early jobs, involvement with the Screen Actor's Guild, etc.).  Noonan's description of Rancho del Cielo puts you on site and gives you a very personal look at Ronald Reagan in the same way that visiting Monticello tells you so much about Jefferson. She describes the steep drive up to the ranch, the fences he built there, the smallness of the structure itself, etc. She describes the interior, lists the books that are still on his shelf, and what he used to do when he went there to get away. I enjoyed reading about his relationship with his Secret Service detail. So many little vignettes about his relationships with people that reveal his character. The early signs of his disease are not missed, and his (and Nancy's) struggle since then is a moving story. Very sad. Particulary moving was the story of her taking her son to see him. Reagan was so polite and warm when he shook the boy's hand but at that time did not even remember Noonan --his former aide and speechwriter.  She finishes with Reagan's influence on George W. and our war on terror. That too is interesting. Our sitting President had 8 years to be around Ronald Reagan, off and on, and his character had made a powerful impression. I was glad Noonan took the high road and didn't waste any time on the liberals who hate him so much. (You can even see this in the other amazon reviews of this book which gave it "one star." Most say nothing at all about the book but are just a rehash of partisan attacks.) So, if you're a liberal just skip this one. Actually, don't skip it -just wait about 30 years before you read it. It will strike you differently then.     