 [...]P>Shanks and Witherington are indeed top scholars, not "wannabees." And they've got the likes of Andre Lemaire, Frank Cross (the unofficial dean of paleographers), Catholic University's Joseph Fitzmyer, Johns Hopkins' Kyle McCarter, Stephen Pfann (Jerusalem paleographer and Dead Sea Scroll scholar) and The Geological Survey of Israel backing them up. These people are the absolute tops in their field, not kooks peddling junk science. Their evidence is solid and laid out candidly before the world. This book is fascinating from an educational --not entertaining-- standpoint.  The first half of the book is by Shanks and he answers some pointed questions: "How do we know this relic is from the first century?" "How do we know it is not a forgery?" "What leads us to believe with a high degree of confidence that it is a link to THE Joseph, THE James and THE Jesus, not just some other guys who also had those names?" etc.  Shanks is easier to read than Witherington, who did the second half of the book. Witherington doesn't speak as "plainly."  His sentences are wordier than necessary to make his points and you have to stay with him.   His focus is on James himself --his activities, ministry, etc.  Some great stuff but lots of rabbit trails. This book is a lesson in first century culture and the ossuary itself is a "visual" for us that links us to the biblical record. So far, our only references to Jesus are in the form of text, and that's a problem in a visual society. Without something to look at we have trouble relating to things today. This find will make waves because it forces an examination of some passionately held beliefs. Namely the Catholic doctrine that Mary was a perpetual virgin. Here are the pros and cons. Here is the evidence. Of course you are free to draw your own conclustions, but "here is how it appears to us" the authors say, and they welcome scrutiny. If others have theories or information that shed's light on this find --one way or the other-- the scholars involved in examining this piece welcome it. That kind of transparency is both appropriate and refreshing. "The Brother of Jesus" substantially added to my education about the first century and I recommend it to anyone (of faith or not) who is open to pursuing knowledge and truth, as best we are able to discern it, by logic and the weight of the facts.     