 First of all, let me open with the slack-jawed observation that India's a big country and has been around for millennia. Imagine, those of you who might specialize in US history, a country almost as big in area, but with more than 3 times the population, including a number of cities the size of, or larger, than New York City, and one with at least four thousand years of history. Oh, and did I mention that several hundred languages are spoken in this area, which came to modern statehood via a British colonialization process, at times benign, at times malign, which stretched from the 18th century Great Age of Exploration through to the end of World War II. At first I almost despaired. Names of people, gods, maybe people who were a bit of both - no one was really sure - peoples coming from places which kept changing their names - all flowed by me in a colourful but overwhelming tapestry (like on the very handsome green and gold dust jacket, incidentally). Gradually, as we came into more familiar territory, the Moghul Empire, the British Raj and the princely states, and the struggle for independence as centrifugal forces spun the nation state apart into three nations even as this independence occurred, I came to find myself not only on familiar ground, but learning. Learning, and learning, and I couldn't put the book down. Incidentally, it's very current, bringing the reader right up to Vajpayee and Musharraf. And ends with - what else - a warning about Kashmir. But you really have to want to know about the history of South Asia to finish this book. Fortunately, as this was my first time dipping deeply into this particular well, the author was gentle, patient and led one to conclusions rather than giving you a tour of his own museum of pre-formed plastic conclusions. P.S. One nice little thing, besides the handsome dust jacket, that I appreciated, was that it used international English spelling -- ironic given that it was published by Atlantic Monthly Press, but apparently it was originally published in India. I wish our Canadian publishers had the guts to avoid the US cultural steamroller in this way.     