 First, my only complaint. I know that the two main authors are scientists, and this may be why the third co-author was brought in; to help them actually write it, but even so it suffers a little bit from lack of unifying theme. It's more like a collection of disparate lectures than a book with chapters.  Also, some LDS might be put off by the fact that it's published by Signature, which has a dicey reputation with many faithful LDS because of some of the *other* books they've published. But that's guilt by association, and I would not hesitate to recommend this to someone who has a decent high school level grounding in the sciences (university prep 2nd year biology*). Others might not get all of the terminology, even though the authors do try to simplify these references. Perhaps another chapter on the philosophy of science versus the way religion approaches transcendent and teleological (purpose-related) questions might have helped. The first two chapters are a reasonable attempt at providing a philosophical background, but it's not until you get past that that you get into the real arguments they make. And the arguments are solid. Many LDS, trailing clouds of right-wing literalist Protestant culture behind them, think that the LDS view on evolution is negative (and one can easily get trapped into a "my GA's quotes versus your GA's quotes" argument). But as the authors explain, the Church, (n.B. the article in Encyclopedia of Mormonism), in a variety of statements, has made it clear that a) the Church's view is neutral; and b) the Church actually has a view that is the same as that of a well-known scientist, a self-admitted agnostic secular Jew; namely Stephen Jay Gould. Prof. Gould has coined the term "non-overlapping magesteria" for the realms of science and religion. Not that the Church, like any other religion, would care per se about what Prof. Gould has to say, but it's interesting that there is true consilience here (to use the word of a famous atheist scientist ironically). The authors make a good case that the issue isn't so much a conflict between answers as in the type of questions that are asked, and those brethren who have spoken out against evolution really oppose "scientism," or atheism cloaked in science, which is the polar opposite of "creationism," which is religion cloaked as science. They cover the history of the issue well but even more importantly, they explain what evolution is and what it means, in laymen's language. Many of the arguments against evolution are straw man arguments made out of ignorance of what the theory actually says (and, in fact, what a "theory" is in science to begin with). Summary: don't let the fact that this was published by Signature put anyone off who's interested in the topic. Just make sure that you (or the person you're buying it for) has at least some schooling in biology. * e.g. Biology 30 as we call it up here in "Zion's Attic" (Alberta, Canada) Marc A. Schindler Spruce Grove, Alberta, Canada -- Gateway to the Boreal Parkland     