 As a rule of thumb, most writers tend to peak out just before they become famous.  An early fan of McDevitt, I had hoped that he would escape this dreadful fate, but alas, "Chindi" rather cements my belief that Jack's golden days are over.   The third novel in the Priscilla "Hutch" Hutchins saga, "Chindi" never quite captures the same sense of mystery and wonder of Jack's masterpiece (and the first novel of this series), "The Engines of God."  What we have are a few promising ideas sandwiched between tedious, unimaginative chapters.  In "Chindi," we are presented with a mystery of galaxy-spanning proportions: a network of stealth satellites is discovered around various planets and stars, transmitting coded signals to an unidentified location.  So far, so good.  The first planet our intrepid explorers find is McDevitt at his best: mysterious, macabre, with a brooding sense of loss and disaster.  Wonderful.  But you'd be better off skipping ahead a few chapters, because the next planet the group encounters is inhabited by angels.   No, my friend, you did not misread the word.  Angels.  Whom the characters name "Michael" and "Gabriel."  Humans with wings.  And taloned feet.  And so on.  Granted, we ARE reading science fiction; but still, I don't expect this kind of tacky Gene Roddenberry-esque touch from McDevitt (you know what I'm talking about: the ancient Greek gods are really aliens, God is actually a galactic prisoner waiting for Spock's brother to release Him, etc.)  All that's needed is a war with the "devil-aliens" on the other side of the planet, a universal translator, and an android who wants to be human and we have the script for the next Star Trek installment.   It's almost as if "the real" Jack McDevitt had stepped out to take a powder, leaving someone else to do the writing.  He returns just in time, however; after the encounter with the angels, our heroes stumble upon twin gas giants which are home to a classic "locked door" mystery.  At last, Jack seems to hold out the kind of wonderous narrative that makes reading his stuff so worthwhile.  But it's a brief ride, though; maybe McDevitt picked up a copy of his novel "Moonfall," or caught a rerun of "The Towering Inferno" on the late movie -- whatever the case, chapters 27 through 37 are the most tedious exercise in "how do we rescue this guy" I have ever read.  And I've read a lot.  Goodbye alien monuments; goodbye our chances of meeting another intelligent lifeform; goodbye mysteries of the universe.  Hello car chase; hello sword-rattling egotism; hello chapter 38, where the heck have you been all this book? Don't get me wrong; I like McDevitt.  But if he's going to insist on re-writing "Moonfall" with every book (how many daring-rescues-by-the-seat-of-our-pants are we going to have to flip through to get to the good stuff?); if he's going to become increasingly twee with his name choices (calling the faux-city on Quraqua's  moon by the term "Oz" was amusing; calling a space blizzard "the Slurpy," a barbell shaped asteroid "the Dogbone," and a pair of gas giants "the Twins" reminds one of a conversation with an excitable ten-year old); and if he's going to rely on the old "human-with-an-animal-head" formula for an alien species (we are treated to a werewolf in formal wear, a bulldog in a vest, a race of "near human" basketball players, and a grasshopper wearing a hat), I'd just as soon read Piers Anthony.  And I won't be reading Piers Anthony. There's still plenty to wonder about in this book.  Unfortunately, it's bogged down with tedious, overwrought, Hollywood-formula action that does nothing to further the plot, and appears to have been added to increase the size of the manuscript; or maybe there's a movie in the works, and pointless action sure keeps the popcorn moving.   If you want to read McDevitt at his finest, try "The Hercules Text," "A Talent for War," "The Engines of God," or "Standard Candles."  A person could do worse.     