 There are some valid complaints about this second book in McDevitt's "Hutch" series, and most have already been voiced.  I agree that one of McDevitt's cardinal sins is too many characters with poor characterization.  More aggravating (to me, at least), is the plot device of the weird, elaborate, page-consuming rescue.  It's been done, Jack, it really has. This whining out of the way, you might want to know why "Deepsix" deserves a good review.  It is a fairly intelligent novel about a rare, habitable planet that is about to be destroyed.  Just days before the planet will collide with a rogue gas giant, observers notice ruins on the planet's surface.  An expedition is sent, and subsequently stranded. Now, this may not sound like an especially new plot, but let's face it: Jack has to get someone down on the planet to solve the mystery he's created, and he has to make sure they stay there.  (That is, after all, how mysteries work.)  And mystery it is - Deepsix (that's the name of the habitable planet) has evidence of both primitive and advanced civilizations.  The explorers find more and more ruins, encounter strangely intelligent animals (an undeveloped plotline is that Deepsix developed life two billion years earlier than Earth; therefore, the animals are considerably more advanced and almost sentient), and wander around in a melancholy, haunted landscape.  Great stuff. Consider this sample passage (not a spoiler): "There was snow on the tower roof.  Hutch wondered who had lived in the building, how long ago, where they had gone." "It was possible that the tower marked the site of a climactic battle, or a place where opposing forces had come together to establish an alliance.  A Plato might have conducted discussions on this hillside, in warmer times.  Or a Solon laid out a system of laws." "Who knew?  And no one ever would, except for what little she could salvage." *** It's almost impossible to write a sequel that rivals the original, and "Deepsix" is no exception.  Taken as a sequel, "Deepsix" is somewhat disappointing - but consider the scale!  "Engines of God" has a mystery that spans the galaxy; poor old "Deepsix" must content itself with a mystery of planetary proportions.  But try reading "Deepsix" as a separate, unique book - you'll find it satisfies.     