 The enneagram is a psychological system that proposes nine fundamental personality types. Each type has learned from various childhood traumas to behave in a certain pattern so as to attract positive attention and repel negative attention. Perfectionists (type 1) earn love by being perfect. Helpers (type 2) earn love by being helpful. Performers (type 3) earn love through achievement and image. [The system gets more complex here.] Romantics (type 4) protect their vulnerability by longing for love at a distance. Observers (type 5) protect their vulnerability by detaching from emotions and seeking privacy. Troopers (type 6) protect their vulnerability by mistrusting love until it is "proven" safe. Epicures (type 7) protect their vulnerability by treating life as a grand adventure. [We go back to a simpler system here.] Bosses (type 8) earn love by taking charge and "fighting the good fight." Mediators (type 9) earn love by merging with their loved ones, losing all sense of self. Okay. The rationale that Palmer presents for each type is often very reasonable. She describes typical childhood traumas for each type - for example, "Growing up in a context where survival depended on pleasing, [Helpers] gave to others to get their own needs met. [...] Wanting approval, they form an association in which they become indispensable" (63). She has very in-depth descriptions of each type, and for the most part I think she has really done her research. Five stars for her in-depth analysis. However, there are two fundamental flaws running through the book. The first (and most obvious) is her pigeon-holing of the types into a spiritual framework of "seven deadly sins plus two not mentioned in the Bible." In order: type 1-anger, type 2-pride, type 3-deceit (not a sin, but a spiritual flaw), type 4-envy, type 5-avarice, type 6-fear (again, not a sin, but a spiritual flaw), type 7-gluttony, type 8-lust, type 9-sloth. While it's true that Perfectionists (type 1) tend to have anger-management problems, Romantics (type 4) can get envious when other people seem to function with so little effort (then again, who does't?), and Mediators (type 9) are characterized by inaction when unhappy, I wouldn't call these the over-riding passions of each type; nor would I try to create a Biblical structure in which minor habits of the types (Observers (type 5) like to be alone and are thrifty, ergo they must be avaricious) are elevated to dominant status. One star taken away for this ridiculous model.  More insidious than than her overt "sin-structure" is her bias toward Perfectionists (type 1) and against Observers (type 5). Another reviewer noted this discrepancy, so I'm not alone in this. Consider her (lousy) advice for getting along with a Perfectionist: "Do remember details. [...] They appreciate small gestures: being on time, remembering names, proper introductions. Speak respectfully. Make sure no one looks foolish. Ask for permission. Compliment thrift, effort, and dependability. Don't expect compliments in return. Cultivate your character. Set improvement goals. Don't flaunt your achievements. Admit error immediately. [...] Bring novelty and fun to relating. [...] Avoid power struggles. [Perfectionists] need to be right" (48). I cannot imagine worse advise - why not simply say, "Don't have a personality of your own, be totally available, and put everything you have into them but don't expect any effort returned." Throughout the book, Palmer privileges the Perfectionist type as inherently right. In her directory of relationships, which presumes to give advice to both partners of a romantic or work relationship, the Perfectionist is always presented as correct - in other words, Perfectionists are fine, they need no advice on how to get along with others. Everyone else has to figure out how to get along with them. One star taken away for bias. In contrast, Observers "have a lot to learn." Her interpretation is totally skewed by her insistence that avarice is this personality type's "sin." A strong need for privacy and a monk-like ability to do without any material belongings characterize this type, yet Palmer insists that this type expresses avarice "by hoarding time and space" (137). "Detached from many of the desires and pleasures that feed the flurry of human activity," she scolds, "you watch and wait for something of significance" (135). She gives little advice for getting along with this type, and most of it simply reiterates the previous pages in bulleted format. Most crippling, however, is her constant scorn of this type. Palmer is full of "funny" stories about Observers - however, these stories are demeaning, petty, and ultimately not relevant. It's a sly way of putting down a type she obviously doesn't like, but her contempt shows through. Another star taken away for bias. Total: two stars. Last word: If you can wade through the compulsory mysticism and avoid the sections on Perfectionists and Observers, you have some pretty accurate reporting. Otherwise, avoid at all costs.     