 _Perdido Street Station_ is an odd blend of fantasy and science fiction that succeeds as genre fiction. If you are a fan of the _Dragonlance_ novels, or almost anything else published by Wizards of the Coast, this novel should prove an entertaining read.   However, it is not literature, and I am surpised that it is touted as being so. I wonder - have the critics actually read the book, or just given it a decent skim? Mieville's tale is mostly a page-turner, less because of his writing or characters (all of which are unlikeable) than the desire to just see how the damn thing ends. I will grant Mieville five stars for overall imagination and fantasy vision, but penalize on the following points:  * Point one - poor writing. Mieville is lauded for his descriptive power, and I think this is fair. One really gets a feel for New Crobuzon - the cesspools are open, the rivers (named Tar and Canker, get it?) are foul and filthy, the streets are heaped with garbage (literally refuse, and figuratively the inhabitants), the buildings are decrepit... yes, New Crobuzon really is a pile of s**t. Got it. Mieville lays on with sweeping, panoramic vistas of the city. A cinematographer could hardly do better, and that is a compliment. One reviewer claimed that he would "read an atlas" if written by Mieville, and I believe that adequately sums Mieville's talent as a writer.  Unfortunately, Mieville is not an especially good writer otherwise. His diction (word-choice) is terrible, and suggests a deliberate consultation with a thesaurus in the effort to bloat up his novel with obscure, important sounding words. To illustrate this point, let me say that he seems to have fallen in love with the words "bathos," meaning an anticlimax; "culs-de-sac," the plural form of cul-de-sac (there are apparently no "dead-ends" in the city, just culs-de-sac); and "judder," to shake violently. He trots these words out like show ponies or talentless grandchildren. I hope never to read the words bathos, culs-de-sac, or judder again; I know I will never use them. While I certainly have nothing against obscure, important-sounding words, there is a time and a place for them, and a steam-punk sci-fantasy novel needs to use them judiciously or well. Mieville does neither.  Mieville's writing also suffers from horrendous dialogue. The characters speak as if written by teenager obsessed with film-noir. Some have obvious cockney accents; others use words like "moolah," "capiche," and "gangster-ese." Some mutter to themselves in an obvious attempt to clue the reader that SOMETHING BIG is imminent: "Could he have... no, it's not possible... crisis engine? ... is it... could he have... ?" One even moans, "What have I done? What have I done?" when the monster is finally unleashed on the city. Okay, that was funny in _Young Frankenstein,_ but in this novel it is so heavy-handed as to deserve an award for terrible dialogue.  Final word on Mieville's writing style: description, though often repeated (and repeated and repeated and repeated...) is quite good. You really see what Mieville is talking about. Bravo, sir! Diction and dialogue need work. The bathos of wandering into so many conversational culs-de-sac really leaves me juddered. Professional editors are not "that" expensive.  * Point two - internal inconsistencies. New Crobuzon is an alien sprawl, a city-state of decay and filth built around the massive ribs of some long-dead, giant thing. Located on the planet Bas-Lag, the city teems with robots, undead, and aliens (cleverly called "xenians"). So why do the frog-like aliens refer to themselves as vodyanoi (after the froggy water-spirit in Russian folklore), and why are the scarab-headed aliens called khepri (the scarab-god in Egyptian mythology)? If everything is happening on Bas-Lag, and Earth either never existed or is long-forgotten, how did these cultural tropes enter this world?   Also, if this world is full of "real" magic, with zombies and whatnot, why does Mieville feel the need to explain all the details of "crisis theory"? Crisis theory is the chaos theory of Bas-Lag (very trendy), but does it really need pages of technical description? It's not real! I'm not interested in the mechanics of crisis theory! It adds nothing to the plot or the understanding of the characters! It comes off as if Mieville is bragging about how clever he is - it is authorial intrusion of the grandest, most ego-tripping kind, and I'm surprised the publisher allowed it.  Also, Mieville's idea of artificial intelligence in a steam-punk, analog engine (complete with on-off switches!) is stupid at best, offensive at worst. The little cleaning machines and doodads that work in Bas-Lag are driven by punch-cards (ala UNIVAC) - like player pianos or Chinese abacuses. The idea that they could "get" artificial intelligence - and the lengths to which Mieville defends his hypothesis - is absurd. Hey, there's already magic in New Crobuzon, how about this: "Magic did it." It is by leaps and bounds a more satisfying explanation.  Less world-shattering than these horrible flaws, though by no means less inconsistent, is Mieville's handling of the main character, Isaac Dan der Grimnebulin. Mieville establishes and continually reinforces the fact that Isaac is middle-aged and overweight. He's portrayed as a kind of bench-sniffing hack, a tweedy, amoral academic who beds undergraduates and writes essays for the jocks. Exercise? Never heard of it. Fried dough? Keep it coming. And yet, Isaac must have unlimited hit points and a +5 saving throw modifier, because he shrugs off everything. He crawls through sewers without getting Tetanus, and climbs flights of stairs without having a coronary. See point three below for more details...  Final word on Mieville's internal structure: one can hardly expect a writer to keep everything consistent in a novel. Little details get lost. Okay. But once you have established certain parameters (we're on an alien planet, magic works, robots are basically 1970's-era calculators, etc.), you had better stick to those rules.  * Third point - deus ex machina. This is by far the most unforgivable of the book's considerable flaws. In the old Greek plays, whenever the hero would get inescapably trapped - surrounded by tigers, or attacked by demons, for example - another actor would descend on a swing and rescue the hero. This actor might be Hermes, or Apollo, or Zeus; maybe just passing by and decided to interfere, or maybe the hero's quest is just too important for the gods to let fail. Whatever, the "god in the machine" would save the day, and the hero's quest would continue.  _Perdido Street Station_ reeks of deus ex machina. Whenever the heroes are surrounded, they're magically teleported away. When the chips are down, they find all the chips they need. Really, I half-expected that if ever one got a sore throat, a menthol cough drop would materialize and force its way into the particular throat. By mid-book I realized that there was no point in worrying about the main characters. Mieville needs them alive in order to move the plot. And I think that is perhaps the gravest flaw of the book - it is relentlessly driven by plot. The characters exist only to make sure the plot moves where Mieville wants it go.   Final word on deus ex machina: the powers that save the characters must also be at work in the real world, because this book should have been relentlessly torn apart by editors, rewritten, and published as fantasy. Instead, it was lifted away from its many woes and placed in the same category as _Titus Groan._ Unforgivable.  So I have taken away three points from five, leaving two. As I said, the book succeeds as genre fiction. Dungeon masters and fourteen-year old boys will love it. (As far as dungeon masters go, I have my suspicions about Mieville. One of his characters sports a "catoblepas hide;" there is a very Warhammer40K-esque warp called the "Torque;" and Mieville even comments on professional adventurers being interested only in "gold and experience." We even see some professional adventurers - all that's missing is the stat sheets, and even those could be guessed fairly easily. So... Mieville... if you're reading this... was it AD&D or Warhammer?)   Final word: I feel that this book does in fact have a socially redeeming value. By referencing Mervyn Peake and other authors, positive critics of this book may unwittingly be leading young readers to real literature. Yes, _Perdido Street Station_ is a gateway book, just a little toot, harmless really, that nonetheless seduces readers into harder and harder stuff. Before you know it, they'll be onto Peake, and then Faulkner, and then there's no stopping them. If they're hooked, I mean really hooked, they'll be making weekly trips to the book-dealer, or better still the library. There is no cure, but it's a sweet sweet ride.     