 As a NASCAR fan and serious PS2 junkie, I figured this game had to be awesome.  EA Sports generally cranks out some top-notch stuff, and NASCAR Thunder 2004 was, while not tip-top, a pretty good game in itself.  And again, here I find myself in front of the computer, firing out a review of something that has greatly disappointed me.  First off, Chase for the Cup does have some good points.  The depth at four levels of competition is great -- something EA needs to build off of for 2006.  The tracks and cars look even better than they did last year.  And even if you're not a NASCAR fan, the gameplay is fun.  Unfortunately, that's about it.    For fans of the actual series, Chase for the Cup has several shortcomings.  The most blatant is the omission of Pocono.  Hello, EA?  NASCAR goes there twice a year.  You may want to fix that.  Another omission is the #38 Great Clips car driven by Kasey Kahne from the Busch (National) Series.  You'd think maybe an exceptionally popular FULL-TIME Busch driver might have his ride included, what with all the fantasy and part-timers who show up every week in the game.  And here's a rookie question:  What's going on with the rookie stripes?  My car never once sported them, yet it's 2009 on the game, and Kahne, Riggs, Gaughan, Wimmer, etc still have them.  NASCAR Thunder 2004 didn't seem to have this problem.   I also don't care for the generic trucks in the Craftsman series.  What happened EA, did Toyota not pay up?  I suppose that all of this may just seem like a disgrunted fan not having things exactly right in a video game, but the gameplay does have some issues for the casual player.  First and foremost, the autograph sessions HAVE TO GO!  If I wanted to mash buttons in time with the screen I'd play Parappa the Rapper.  Can we not find some other way of expanding the fanbase?  Maybe get points based on the previous week's race to spend on appearances (kind of like recruiting in EA's NCAA football games).  Why can't I qualify in two different series on the same day AT THE SAME TRACK?  Drivers do this every week, but the game says "NO".  Could we possibly have any less realistic crashes?  I'd like someone to explain to me why I can get hit from behind hard enough to rupture the fuel cell yet no radiator damage to the offender?  How can 16 cars flip and careen off the wall at 185mph and still stay on the lead lap?   And finally, EA did everyone a great disservice by "simplifying"  the R&D to improve the cars.  If you can't have your car and pit crew maxed out early in the season, you're not trying.  That ease of maxing out your cars is really the final nail in the coffin:  NO REPLAY VALUE.  You own a team in all four series.  Each team is maxed out.  You can't buy multiple cars in each series (if you think you'll be an owner the magnitude of Rick Hendrick or Jack Roush on this game, you're waaay off).  So once you win the Nextel Cup, there's nothing left to do except collect points for the Thunder Plates, and that's not that exciting.  Sure, it was fun getting there, but...Wow, I can't wait to trade my copy in for something else.  So there you go.  You have $50 burning a hole in your pocket.  What do you do?  My advice is either get NASCAR Thunder 2004 and have money left over or wait for Chase for the Cup 2006 and hope that EA Sports puts a little more effort into that one.  2005 isn't worth your time.     