 And frankly that's not saying a whole lot.  I've been a fan of Danzig and his various bands since the mid-80s.  While I missed his punk era, Danzig (the band) hit pretty much as I entered high school and I snapped up the albums as they were released.  And I loved 'em.  Each one topped the one before it, and I was pretty well convinced that the good times would never end.  Well, until that fifth album.  I was shocked.  Sure, ol' Glenn dabbled in industrial on "4".  And "Black Aria" was certainly a departure, but it was still quite good.  I guess I just didn't think Glenn would produce, well, crap.  And when "Satan's Child" came out, yeah, I bought it.  Evidently old habits die hard.  It was marginally better than 5 but nothing to get excited about.  By the time "I Luciferi" was released I'd pretty much given up on Danzig.  That probably had something to do with the fact that I'd spent $35 on two CD's that had maybe 4 good songs between them. Truthfully, I fully expected to hate this one as well, and if I hadn't stumbled across this in the used bin I'd probably have never found out.  What a pleasant surprise.  I can't exactly call this a return to form for Danzig, but it's closer than I'd had any reason to hope. It actually reminds me a great deal of "Lucifuge", albeit with the inconsistency of a band that hasn't quite figured out how to work together.  But all the old standbys make thier appearances:  power riffs, monster solos, dark (and not-as-corny-as-5-or-6) lyrics, and about 62 "Whoas". This lends itself to creating some standout tracks:  "Wicked Pussycat", "Liberskull", "Halo Goddess Bone", "Without Light, I Am", and "Kiss the Skulls" are all rockers, and "Coldest Sun" is the strongest track Glenn has cut since 1994.  That's not to say there aren't issues.  "Undendlich" is the worst opener since "7th House".  Oooohh, backwards chanting.  Spooky.  If this is the direction of "Black Aria II", I'm gonna be pissed.  "Dead Inside" and "Angel Blake" are prime examples of the type of track Danzig can't do well anymore.  I used to love the "slower" tracks on older albums ("Devil's Plaything", anyone?), but his voice just isn't up to the task anymore.  Or maybe he needs the magic of Rick Rubin.  The remainder of the album is decent enough....but I can't help but feel that those mediocre tracks could have been pulled off by Biscuits, Christ and Von.    All in all, a satisfying release for an old Danzig fan.      