    Cover songs can be beautiful things.  When well-chosen and deftly executed, a band can bring new life to a classic cut.  A prime example, of course, would be APC's take on Failure's "The Nurse Who Loved Me", which managed to maintain the feeling of hopeful longing central to the original yet making it truly the band's own.  And while we're in MJK-land let's not forget TOOL's reworking of Peach's "You Lied", which might just be the single greatest cover ever recorded.     The cover album, and it's close cousin the tribute album, are different animals entirely.  They rarely work.  The obvious problem is in the song selection -- Pick a classic, well-loved track and a band is hard-pressed to maintain the fell of the original while bringing something new.  Pick obscure songs, and, well, nobody really cares.     And therein lies the main problem of "Emotive":  song selection.  In some cases, it couldn't get any better.  A sinister-nursery-rhyme "Annihilation"?  Great.  Turning "Imagine" into a dirge?  Brilliant.  And "Passive" is an outstanding track, although as an original it would have been more at home on "Thirteenth Step".  But what else is there?  Most of the other songs are fair at best -- not necessarily BAD, but limp and uninspired.  A slow version of "Gimmie Gimmie Gimmie"?  Nice try, but slow Black Flag is like drinking warm beer -- it might get you there, but it's definitely a bad idea.  "Freedom of Choice" -- yeah that's a great DEVO cut, but here it's utterly bland, like it was phoned-in.  And "Counting Bodies Like Sheep..." is the biggest piece of filler crap on this CD -- "Pet" was a great track on "Thirteenth Step", here it's just a sorry repetitive remix.  Again, zero effort.     My other beef with this weak offering is in its tone.  With any of MJK's other work, the lyrics are touched with a subtlety that is nearly sublime.  The songs are intentionally abstract, leaving the listener open to take whatever interpretation is desired.  In contrast, the political agenda of "Emotive" shines like a diamond in a goat's a$$.  Quite frankly, when I pay money to be entertained, I expect to be entertained, not preached to (regardless if I agree with the subject matter or not).  And if you ARE going to push an agenda in the guise of a "new" album, at least have the common decency to do it in a convincing manner -- you're not going to get too many people to listen when it's obvious not a lot of effort went into the project.  Evidently there are plenty of others who agree with me on this point:  At the time of this review, "Emotive" has garnered an astonishingly crappy 3-star rating from 247 reviews, and there are 97 copies availible on amazon from people who didn't feel this album was worth the money they paid.     In closing, one of MJK's favorite quotes seems to be Dr. Timothy Leary's great "Think for yourself.  Question authority."  Well, I DO think for myself, and I DO question authority.  Which includes APC's authority over my vote and my wallet.  If APC happens to crank out another ORIGINAL album, I will be interested.  But if it's another uninspired, effortless, over-hyped piece of propaganda, I'll go read Marx.     