 A superb piece of investigative reporting and incisive analysis on a key issue in the War on Terror.  This is truly an objective look at the ties between Hussein's Iraq and Al Qaeda, in spite of the shrill comments frothing out of the anti-war crowd. Hayes admits when evidence is circumstancial or arguable, but also provides solid proof of longstanding contacts and links between the two.  As an intelligence professional, I was impressed with his understanding of the community's analytical work and how nuances and caveats can be exploited either way.  Unfortunately, on this issue, they have been exploited by those who would want to 'wish the problem away'. He discusses the "rigid thinking" and conventional wisdom that drives those professionals who deny the connection.  He reveals the distortions and outright lies that have been levied on the public by the media.  There is excellent coverage of Iraq's longstanding ties to terrorism and how they used it against the US.  There is a thourough analysis of the supposed meeting in Prague between Mohamed Atta and Iraqi Intelligence, which provides a very reasoned and thoughthful approach to that issue.  Some of the best analysis centers on the argument that Hussein and Al Qaeda could never be allies because of their so-called differences, and how people in the US who previously swore to the connections are now vehemently denying them.  You come to realize how common sense, reason, fairness, and ethics have escaped the anti-war elements when you read the comments of a Kurdish intellectual as he explains why Hussein and Al Qaeda would work together, and the comments made by members of the Clinton administration acknowledging the connection.  Hayes also has an excellent wrapup that outlines the facts as known.  The only thing missing is an index for easy reference. The essence of the possible Hussein - Al Qaeda connection is magnificently captured in the comments of Clinton's former Secretary of Defense and two US Senators from the Democratic Party as they place it in its proper context - post 9/11.  Anyone trashing this book has either not read it, or has deep seeded biases that cloud their objectivity.  This book is a must read for anyone interested in an objective study of a key issue in the War on Terror.     