 An excellent primer for those who truly want to understand why we are making the difficult sacrifices in Iraq and Afghanistan.  The book also describes the mindset of domestic groups that undermine our self-defense efforts by consciously or unconsciously supporting the terrorist's campaign against the US.    Bennett speaks to the strong anti-US feeling among those who advocate pacifism in the current struggle against terrorism.  He richly details how universities, dominated predominately by the liberal/left establishment, have sown confusion in our youth so that they can no longer differentiate between the just and unjust use of violence.  Professors who basically advocate appeasement, accommodation, and surrender to a degree that becomes self-destructive for our nation.  Bennett uses the words of John Stuart Mills to powerfully capture the self-destructiveness of avoiding conflict at all cost, even at the expense of our freedom.    He effectively details the extremes that political correctness has gone to, and the liberal relativism and nonjudgementalism that basically excuse the acts of 9/11, while putting much of the blame on America.  Bennett also discusses how it's a minority that is forcing this belief system on our society, establishing the aptly named "Tyranny of the Minority."  In discussing the role of Islam, Bennett provides a thoughtful assessment of that religion's historical enmity toward the West, as manifested in its current assault on the US.  To his credit, Bennett is fair when criticizing political hacks on both sides of the spectrum that harshly attacked the administration's efforts.  His weakest argument comes in using Christian teachings to defend the use of force.  Otherwise, the book contains a very strong, clear-headed, common sense advocacy for defending ourselves via the War on Terror.  As I read the vicious reviews attacking the book, I couldn't help but remember Bennett's lament at the behavior of those who undermine our current international struggle.  It's an almost mindless rage devoid of decency and rational, balanced thought.  Reading "Why We Fight" will reveal the forces that are destroying our national fiber, while giving the reader a focused, thoughtful defense of our nation's actions.  Buy the book, you'll enjoy it.          