 I first picked up Eye of the World during it's first paperback release my sophmore year in high school. Through high school, college, a Navy enlistment, marriage, children, and back to college, this series has been a steady constant in my turbulent world. At this point I'm not sure if I read it because I can't wait for it to end, or just to see if it EVER will end.  I actually sat down and read all of the books in order these last few weeks, and I can say that I'm glad it seems that RJ is finally getting back on track. I don't understand why so much importance (and space) was given to the Faile/Perrin storyline, but Rand is practically non-existant for much of the book. Yeah, he loses his hand, but the whole situation felt very abrupt and contrived with no follow-through. He's the Dragon Reborn, it'd be nice if he appeared earlier than half-way through the story. Oh and why can't he just head to Caemlyn with Alanna and force her to pass his bond to Elayne. At least then that'd be taken care of.  I did like the Mat/Tuon bits, especially seeing things through Tuon's eyes. It'll be interesting to see how things fall out when she finds out about the situation back in Seachan. It was also nice to see Mat portrayed as compentant, and I'm glad Tuon acutally uses his name now, the whole Toy thing was getting rather annoyting.  Elayne's sections felt slow, and I wanted to slap her when she went chasing off after the Black Ajah near the end of the story. Hello, you're practically the Queen, (and pregnant to boot!) you can't just go chasing off after the bad guys anymore. Her capture came as no surprise and that whole bit felt forced.  Egwene's parts did flow along all right, but you'd think that she'd use her talents a bit more to help her situation. Which brings me to another complaint, no one TALKS to one another. They've got Gateways now, how hard is it to send a messenger everynow and then to find out what other's are up to? Use your resources people.  At least some minor storylines were wrapped up, and I can't wait for Moiraine to come back. I'm also looking forward to Rand and Tam's reunion, hopefully it has some heartstring pulling capacity. It'd ben nice for the Forsaken to be a little bit more evil too, they're being to seem rather weak and don't have quite the punch that they used too.   Oh, and stop with the dress descriptions, the heaving bossoms, the sniffing, and the fact that Loial's too young to be out of the Stedding. It's book 11 for goodness sake, we KNOW these things, they don't need to be repeated yet again.  All in all it was a good read, I'd of given it 3.5 stars rather than 4 if that had been an option. I doubt RJ will be able to finish it in one more book. Unless it's one very long book that gets broken into two parts for publication. Hopefully he gets the series completed before my daughter's a sophmore in high school.     