 I agree that Amazon is kind of sneaky about picturing a doll you mightn't recieve. However, on most of the CPK doll's description pages it is mentioned that you will not necessarily get the doll that is pictured, but a similar doll with that hair color and ethnicity, (sometimes this is only stated if you click the 'see more' link, so you have to look for it). The only way you can be sure to get the exact doll you want is to buy it in person.   On a happier note, my daughter has recieved 4 different CPK babies as gifts this year and I love how unique each one is. She has 2 newborns and 2 red hair/blue eyed regular babies (a boy and a girl). She loves the fact that each baby came with an easy to remove outfit and birth certificate. The regular size babies also came with a binky and feeding accesories, so she was very happy with that. She loves to pull them in her wagon and take them for walks, feed them, and put them to bed.   My only complaints is that the stitching on one baby's foot is already loose and also one of her newborn babies has the same problem with it's wrist. I expected better quality from such a classic toy, but my daughter doesn't notice the flaws so it's all good.   The dolls smell very nice, a fresh baby powder scent which is not overpowering. I was also very pleased with PlayAlong's customer service. My daughter's regular size girl baby doll was missing a sock when we removed her from the packaging. I emailed PlayAlong asking where I could buy a replacement set of socks, and within 5 days there was a brand-new MIP outfit waiting for us in the mail. At that time, separate outfit for the babies weren't available in stores yet, so I was very pleased with their response.  PlayAlong has just released outfits for the regular sized babies available in stores, so you can pick up a few sets of extra clothes for more play. I found them for under $10 per set, which was nice.   Overall, we're very happy with these dolls and I'm sure she'll treasure hers for years to come.     