 STRANGER IN HER BED by Suzanne Forster brings us a woman who is seduced by a stranger who knows her secret desires.  Kerry Houston is phobic about leaving her home, so she works at home as a computer game tester.  Testing a sexy, sensual adult game, the lines between fantasy and reality become blurred as Kerry starts to fantasize about the virtual host, the man she dubs "Mr. Quick-Where's-My-Vibrator".   Thea Devine shows us that love can have a second chance in her story, NO MERCY.  Regan Torrence thought her past marriage was behind her until her ex-husband shows up after seven years, and states that he wants her back.  Their marriage didn't survive once before, and while they are different from what they once were, does Regan have the courage to try again? SATISFY ME by Lori Foster is the first in a three part series that has three friends playing "Truth or Dare", stating their fantasies, and doing something to bring them to life.  Divorced, Asia Michaels desires have never been met, and now is the time for her to go after what SHE wants.  Part of the "dare" is to walk into the new porn shop, Wild Honey, and approach a man who is showing an interest in her fantasy and approach him.  Asia doesn't really mind the dare when she sees sexy Cameron O'Reilly with the "fantasy" prop in his hand...a spanking video! Shannon McKenna finishes this anthology with her story, SOMETHING WILD.  Embarking on a new life, Annie Simon decides to have a one-night affair with "The Motorcycle Man", a stranger that she's been flirting with on the highways from Virginia to Georgia.  Taking a chance and having one of the best nights of sex she's ever had, Annie soon gets more than she bargained for. ALL THROUGH THE NIGHT is an erotic anthology, and the stories show that with the sizzling and racy sex scenes, but that is all this anthology has going for it.  The first two stories were very muddled, and I think that they spent too much time in the editing department, since I felt like I was missing some "key" scenes.  SATISFY ME was better written and the premise was much more promising than the previous stories, but I felt let down by the author "teasing" the reader with Asia's fantasy.  Finally, SOMETHING WILD started off really well.  The story was well written, and the sex was hot, but then the hero turned into a dominating...well, jerk.  While the heroine might have liked it, *I* didn't, and the story went downhill from there.     