 Elthia Sinclare is determined to show her rich Maryland family that she can take care of herself.  That's why she's agreed to become a governess in Texas for two children.  When she gets to Texas though she finds out that her would-be-employer has sent for a wife--not a governess.  The two children are really six in number, and the contract that she signed for the governess position turns out to be a contract to become his wife!  Not wanting to go home defeated, and her employer/husband holding a signed contract, Elthia reluctantly agrees to become his wife and mother for the children-after drawing up a new contract stating that it's a marriage in name only, and that will be annulled in three months.   Caleb Tanner is determined that no one is going to split up another family of Tanner kids, he went through that as a child, and he's not going to let it happen to his orphaned nieces and nephews.  He has to have a wife in three days or the courts will take the children away from him.  He'll do what he must to see that Elthia keeps her end of the bargain and if that means using manipulation and her sympathy for the kids, then that's what he'll do.  Getting Elthia to acquiesce to the marriage of convenience is easy compared to the difficulty of knowing that he'll have to let her go. SOMETHING MORE will have your emotions running the gamut.  Right away my heart went out to a young Caleb whose world was first turned upside down by the death of his father, and then with the separation from his siblings.  Elthia is endearing in her determination to show her family that she can make it, and she can, even if she's a bit inept.  Elthia does manage to get into some funny situations, watch for her washing the floor-I just about died when I found out that the "cleaning solution" was actually molasses!  My heart just about broke when Caleb comes to the conclusion that he's not what Elthia and the children need and that they'll be better off without him, so he sends them all away.  That's when I got angry, and I really wanted to smack him!  LOL I'm not going to give anything else away, so if you want to find out everything else that goes on you'll just have to go and purchase yourself a copy of SOMETHING MORE.  With the wonderful, well-developed characters and emotional storyline, you can't ask for more.     