      My apologies if my perpetually-on reading light bothered you on my flights from Maui to L.A. to Seattle and part of the way back last week. You see, I was reading What Remains by Carole DiFalco Radziwill and couldn't put the book down. I'll limit my superlatives to awesome, beautiful, and stunning. Awesome storytelling, beautiful literary passages, stunning honesty.       Many of you probably loved The Glass Castle by Jeannette Walls, who was kind enough to give Carole a great book jacket plug. My reading group liked that memoir, yet many of us agreed that something was missing. Jeannette wrote an awesome story with her razor-sharp intellect. But her heart was absent. We questioned Jeannette's cool Wonder Woman reaction to her supremely dysfunctional parents and upbringing, and began to doubt her veracity in some of the more traumatic episodes.      You won't have that problem with this memoir. Ms. Radziwill puts her heart and soul and intellect on display in this work. That's why she gets an A for stunning honesty in crafting an unforgettable story told in so many haunting passages. No fawning over her Radziwill-Kennedy connection appears. Instead, she shares her most private thoughts and misgivings about that link, as well as her own working-class roots, her marriage to Anthony Radziwill, the tragic plane crash that killed JFK Jr. and his wife Carolyn (Carole's closest friend), and her excruciating battle with the cancer that killed her husband.       Any negatives? Okay, I'll be picky and admit that I felt some attempt by an upstate-raised writer to emphasize her roots and connections to New York City, but in my woeful ignorance, I remain grateful for the lessons. And Carole's bashing of "tragedy whores" did give me some "me thinks thou protests too much" moments, but then, I've never had to face such perverse adulation.       And please, former reviewers, spare us the "She's trading on her Radziwill name" to write this memoir. I'll bet ninety percent of Americans wouldn't know a Radziwill from a turnip. This baby would be a best-seller if Carole had chosen to use DiFalco, Jones, or whatever as the second-half of her nom de plume. It's just that good. Buy it.     