 but I'm also one-half Irish.  For me, if a movie is good, it'll make me cry. (I'm a girl! Gimme a break!) This movie had me crying within ten minutes--when John Riley is listening to his men who are in the brig, awaiting the whip, for committing the unpardonable offense of having gone to Mass. More Anti-Catholic sentiment right after that, with the Kamp Kommandant, Gaine, trying to refuse a pass to Riley so that Riley himself could go to Mass. Riley goes to Mass and finds more US Army there, worshiping with Catholic Mexicans. (I recognized the Benediction from having gone to Catholic school for six years. That is definitely authentic.) They're Irish, and they're really concerned over the men who're scheduled to be flogged that night. Riley rides with them and helps free his fellow Catholics, and they ride away, into the night, headed for Mexico... ...where they are ambushed by a bunch of ragged banditos, headed by de Almeida and his girlie friend, portrayed by Daniela Romos. This is where the truth and fiction become a bit blurred. However, the fact is that the San Patricios fought on the Mexican side for Mexican land and the promise of citizenship; they probably did desert because America really was more Protestant than any other religion and had a British view of the Irish. It's true, just look in some of the publications of the day and really look at how Irish were portrayed in newspapers of the time. They are still heroes to the Mexicans, and the town (in Co. Clare) where John Riley was born honors him on his birthday every year. I do love this movie, but it is NOT a typical piece of Hollywood syrup--Our Hero is branded on both cheeks and his men are hung before his eyes for desertion. He is then depicted, as Tom Berenger's voice over tells us at the end of the movie, as having "disappeared into the hills of Mexico, never to be seen again." I'm sorry that there are those that do not like this movie. I respect your opinion; I even understand why you don't like the movie. But I love it because it spoke to my soul in a way that no movie has, ever.  Here's why: Soy Irlandes y Norteamericana y Catolica. (My Spanish may suck, but you get the drift.) Thanks for reading my review.     