 "Tales Of The Dominion War" is an anthology of stories related to the Dominion War, which was chronicled for the last two years of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine.   Most of the stories range from good to excellent. I enjoyed each one to varying degrees, the worst being (in my humble opinion) "Field Expediency," a Starfleet Corps of Engineers story, the best being "Safe Harbors," a story starring Admiral McCoy and Captain Scott.   I especially enjoyed "Mirror Eyes," a story about a female Tal Shiar agent working in Deep Space Nine's infirmary as a Vulcan nurse during an outbreak of a Vulcan-specific viral infection created by the Dominion. It's told in the first person, and I really enjoyed the agent's sense of humor (translation: I laughed a lot while reading this story ... especially when the agent describes her Vulcan roommate's imagined reaction to the agent eating a raw steak).  In "Safe Harbors," Admiral McCoy and Captain Scott need repairs and set down on a neutral world where they are not welcome because of the repair yard's supervisor's fear of Dominion ships finding them there, and are given a mere three hours for all repairs to be completed. Eventually they are found by the Defiant class Saladin, whose captain was killed in a skirmish with a Dominion patrol. The Saladin is given the same time limit for repairs, and when they are about to leave, a Breen patrol is found on long-range sensors. The deputy supervisor literally ties up the supervisor and asks that the two Starfleet ships land on the planet again, this time to be hidden from the patrol in subterranean caverns. Needless to say, their repairs are completed this time, and they are warmly welcomed by the alien engineers, who have a welcome spread laid out for the two weary crews. Later, Scotty and McCoy fly over NYC on their way home and look for the Statue of Liberty, which survived the Breen attack on Earth.   In "Eleven Hours Out," we find Picard and Deanna Troi at Starfleet Headquarters during the Breen attack on Earth. Picard takes charge of the just-graduated cadets and moves them all to an underground shelter/command center (not unlike the one we have at Stratcom here in Omaha) while the crew of the Columbia, stuck behind the deadened doors of Starbase One, try to get out and defend Earth against the Breen attackers. The Enterprise gets there just in the nick of time, helping both the Columbia and Picard defend Earth from the Breen. The names of the crew of the Columbia are the same as the crew of the Challenger disaster, and I find that a kind, wonderful tribute to those men and women.  Both of the stories about the attack on Earth had me in tears.  In "The Ceremony of Innocence Is Drowned," we have Lwaxana Troi's experience of the invasion and fall of Betazed to the Dominion. It interweaves characters from the book, "The Battle of Betazed," by another, different author, quite nicely.  I have only spotlighted the stories that made the greatest impression on me, but all the stories have memorable parts, and, all in all, I enjoyed this book very much. If you want to get into more of the Dominion War than just what was shown on STDS9, this is the book for you.     