 I recently bought a brand new copy of this book because the original copy I had is falling apart. Pages are falling out, it is water-damaged, it's been with me through two back surgeries and one baby being born. This book has seen much action since I bought it in the fall of 1996. Why? Oh, because it's my favorite book of all time. Here's why: This is the best-written DS9 book I have ever read as of this writing. It has time-travel elements--I love time travel. And, the writers have avoided a time-travel paradox.  It is very detailed and portrays the characters accurately. I can even understand the technobabble, because, as this book was co-written by an actual scientist, it is a combination of ST and real-world science. The alien horde is appropriately scary, gross, and apparently unstoppable (like the Borg *used* to be). This is the book that made Jadzia Dax my favorite ST character. A small summary-- A 5,000 year old version of a crippled Defiant is found embedded in a comet and towed to Starbase One, still embedded in the cometary ice, and allowed to sit while the ice melts from around the ship. The remains of Dr. Bashir and Captain Sisko are aboard, as well as the Dax symbiont in stasis. Captain Sisko, Dr. Bashir and Jadzia Dax are summoned to Starbase One and ordered NOT to bring the Defiant.  Admiral Judith Hayman, an old friend of Curzon Dax, asks Bashir and Sisko to review data records. Sisko realizes that the data records are from the Defiant, and Dr Bashir is the one who figures out that it's a future Defiant. They both conclude that the Defiant was caught in a future battle where the only survivors were Dr Bashir and the Dax symbiont. Jadzia was brought along because the Dax symbiont is the only living survivor of the battle that took place 5,000 years in the past, and she is the only one who can communicate with the symbiont and find out what happened. Turns out, Dax has spent too long in stasis and is almost incoherent. The message they get is rather chilling: Don't go through the wormhole. Capture one of the invading aliens and talk to what they've eaten. Starfleet authorizes a study of the wormhole to determine what is going to happen/has already happened that sends the Defiant back in time and destroys the wormhole. A science ship, crewed by Vulcan time specialists, wormhole physicists, one Starfleet cadet (another time-travel specialist), and captained by a very frosty Vulcan female, T'Kreng, a wormhole ("quantum singularity") specialist, heads out of Starbase One with Captain Sisko, Dr Bashir and Jadzia Dax onboard. The wormhole begins acting really wierd and Captain Sisko revokes all travel permits, prompting T'Kreng to transport Sisko, Dax, Bashir and the "kidnapped" Dax symbiont to DS9 and enter the wormhole illegally. When they get to the Gamma quadrant side of the wormhole, their ship is attacked and all the crew are killed, except for the Starfleet cadet, who was put into a medical stasis chamber soon after T'Kreng entered the wormhole, which apparently saved her life. When they take the Defiant through the wormhole, the "wormhole aliens"/Prophets suck Captain Sisko into a vision where they tell him that they are dampening the upstream echoes of the event that destroyed the wormhole/will destroy the wormhole so that the Defiant can get to the other side and, hopefully, prevent the destruction of the wormhole. Once there, they find the remains of the Vulcan science ship, with the Starfleet cadet in the stasis chamber, and no warp core. This is where the fun begins and my summary ends.  If this sounds interesting, buy the book and enjoy! It's one terrific book, and here's the story to turn into a DS9 movie. This book doesn't have much to say about the Furies...but who cares? The alien enemy in this book is way more complicated and interesting than the Furies are. This is the standout of the Invasion series, and way better than all the books in the Invasion series. Comparing those books to this one is like comparing Green Eggs & Ham to Gone With the Wind. This book is really that good. This is a must-have for any DS9 fan.     