 Wong Fei Hung (Jet Li) comes to the states with his ever present love interest Auntie Yee (the delectable Rosamund Kwan) only to be lost in some white water rapids, rendering him an amnesiac and adopted by Indians.  His entourage begin searching for him but are limited by the fact that they're Asians in the old West.  Sammo Hung returned to directing after a long, unsuccessful period with this film.  If upon viewing the film seems familiar, it's because it was actually an early version of the recent Jackie Chan film "Shanghai Noon."  I'm not calling Hung a rip off artist, as he's one of the most prolific, successful, and highly regarded Hong Kong directors of all time, but story has it that Hung, after a long streak of unsuccessful films, took the basic story as his own when Jackie Chan told him of his long time desire to make a modern Western.  Perhaps Hung did this due to the fact that he and Jackie had a falling out in the mid 80's which was only recently mended (the proof is the Sammo Hung directed MR. NICE GUY).  But even though Hung may have gotten the idea from Chan, you can't deny he did a good job with it.  Hung is a much better and capable director, in my opinion, than Chan, and has been for a long time, but for some reason Chan has managed to outshine not only Hung, but also Hong Kong superstars like Yuen Biao.  For those of you not in the know, Chan, Biao and Hung were all "brothers" at the Peking Opera School, all were trained torturously in martial arts, acrobats, acting, and stunt work.  As for Once...in America, it's not the best Jet Li movie, but it is a lot less sillier, and the fights more intricate, than most Jet Li films which are mainly period pieces and involve an embarrasingly large amount of wire work (as witness Tai Chi Master and most of the other Once upon a time films).  Hung proves himself once again to be a very talented director, as well as fight choreographer, but if you really want to see a great Sammo Hung film, check out PEDICAB DRIVER, MILLIONAIRE'S EXPRESS, or WHEELS ON MEALS, all with Sammo's special brand of razor sharp, intricate martial artistry.     