 If you're familiar at all with Hong Kong cinema, you'll recognize Gordon Chan as the director of Fist of Legend, with Jet Li, among other things.  Here he's doing his thing with the police drama genre, and a fine thing it  is.  With an excellent cast including multiple Golden Horse Award (Hong  Kong version of the Oscars)winner Anthony Wong, the handsome Michael Wong  (no relation) and one of the best Hong Kong character actors, Roy Cheung,  it's top notch all the way, and Chan adds a tremendous sense of style  combining grainy street scenes with intense gray and white flashbacks.  The  story, though not terribly original, is still quite compelling, and though  not an action movie per se, it's action scenes are quite brutal and  intense.  Anthony Wong steals the show with a terrifically sincere  performance, and Michael Wong just drips male toughness as the new Lt.  assigned to Anthony Wong's unit.  The story itself concerns Anthony Wong as  a cop who walks the line between crooked and straight and his friendship  with a local Triad played well by Cheung, though whose screen time isn't as  long as I would have liked.  Cheung is involved with a murder and Wong  covers him as he flees Hong Kong until police heat dies down.  In Cheung's  absence, however, Michael Wong falls in love with, and impregnates,  Cheung's moll.  When Cheung comes back, there's hell to pay as he  discover's Michael Wongs actions as well as those of his underling Push  Pin, who has risen in the Triad ranks during his absence.  A tautly  directed fierce final battle between Anthony Wong and Push Pin's flunkies  only adds an exclamation point to an already excellent movie, and fans of  Hong Kong Police dramas will not be disappointed.  I have the DVD version,  ordered from a different site a few months ago at almost twice the price  (should've just waited for Amazon.com to get it), which includes cast bios  and multiple language selections.  The picture is beautiful, and the  lighting fits every scene to a "tee."  Well worth the money, I  strongly recommend this one.     