 A few months back, I purchased what I thought was a good investment at the time, a Gamecube.  Merrily, I thought myself both wittier and slyer than any of those puny, uneducated electronic salesmen who pleeded with me to get an xbox, while I skipped joyfully to my local best buy to purchase some games, singing 'theres a bluebird on my sholder' all the way.  Still humming while I entered the store, I stood on my tippi-toes searching for the gamecube section amid a pletheria of palm piolits and DVD.  Having a pre-established knowledge that the gaming selection would be limited, I gazed like a greedy child in a pastry shop at the games which I would consume over the following days.  My breath stopped short when I made this astounding discovery:  all the games were for little kids.  "No no! This cannot be true!" I shouted to myself when I saw this.  Looking again, I saw that, without a doubt, luigi's mansion was the only game available.   A few months later, after the inital shock wore off, I ventured back into the now dreaded Best Buy.  This time I decided I would buy atleast 2 games, no matter how horrible they looked, as I had not gotten any use out of my gaming system.  To my surprise and delight (not my wallets), that day ended with the purchase of 4 games, amoung that selection spy hunter rested.   Days were spend with SS Tricky and pikmin until I finally picked up SpyHunter.  While inserting the game into the system, I rememberd why I bought this game instead of something like bond, when I remembered that ever-faithful electronic salesman saying that spyhunter was for the advanced gamer.   Days followed, and I found that my friend wearing the BestBuy shirt was correct, spyhunter was not an easy game to master, but isn't that exactly what we look for in a game?  Nobody would buy Zelda if you could run around like Godzilla smushing every peon in your site, and likewise, a spy game should be a challenge, not 'BAM! Your dead! I WIN!' fest.  Buy this game, you shall be treated as nicely as if it were a brownie-fudge cake!     