 The content of this compendium is unimpeachable and self-recommending.  Anyone who loves humor, criticism or high-style writing will indeed have hours, days, weeks of pleasure.  But there are some real problems, as my two-star rating indicates.    Other reviewers have touched on the technical issues.  I would add that the viewer is not only horribly buggy but a real memory hog and meddlesome with other applications as well.  Once you have entered a particular issue there is no way to "pick up the next magazine" and keep on reading: this grazer's paradise needs that function added, pronto.  Adobe solved all these problems years ago - why are they present here?  The archive search engine is over-complicated and counter-intuitive, and once it starts you can't stop it - a significant nuisance in a database this large and complex.  The worst evils, however, come in the guts of that database.  The article abstracts and keywords are nothing less than a disaster, rife with gross misspellings, typographic and grammatical howlers, huge inconsistencies, and wildly misleading summaries.    One explicit example: On Nov. 17, 1951, Herbert Warren Wind published a profile of Robert Russell Bennett, then at the height of his career as a composer and Broadway orchestrator. It's everything a New Yorker profile should be, full of lively anecdotes, contemporary references and trenchant quotes, with a detailed biography folded into the middle.  But the abstract for this article is shocking.  It reads, in full: "PROFILE of Rubert Russell Bennet, composer and orchestrator. Mrs. Merrill, the first woman to receivea Ph.D. from Columbia and the head of Oaksmere, a finishing school for girls near Mamaronick, was interested in mathematical astronomy, and in exploring it she had developed the theory that all the arts are related through mathematics & had devised a method for turning handwriting into music, "musical autograms," as she called them. A person would write his name along a five-line staff, and the linear pattern of his signature would be translated, by means of a series of mathematical steps, into musical compositions. The possibility of melodic graphology fascinated Bennet and he worked to refining the technique."  Pardon the vulgarity, but WTF?! It starts by misspelling the subject's name, and then highlights a minor episode of his life which is lifted almost verbatim from the middle of the article, only with three(!) typos added in.  Other abstracts are as bad or worse.  Here is a "sentence" on a Dorothy Parker story of Oct. 8, 1927: "Then she is introduced She is very condescending in her remarks, but tells him How well he does, she's enjoyed his singing so much, where does he get his songs, etc [sic]"  Janet Flanner's famous 1936 Profile of Hitler is summarized with irrelevant verbiage on one of Hitler's early financiers, and references the "Munich Beer Putch." (The second and third parts of Flanner's profile don't receive any abstracts at all.) An Aug. 21, 1937, Geoffrey Hellman article on the Cooper Union is abstracted twice with vastly different keywords and content indicated. Even E.B. White is befouled: "We change Mr. [H.G.] Wells with trying to play doom both ways." (Comment, Nov. 17, 1945)  In short, this editorial work is illiterate. And it's published under the name that is the gold standard for American literacy.  There is much delight to be found in these volumes, and the package itself is handsome and seductive.  But this sloppiness is intolerable - it reeks of opportunistic contempt for the masters of American prose that live herein. Random House, and the current editors of the magazine, should be ashamed.  P.S. I can't access the February 20, 1989 issue either.     