 Ward Connerly speaks the truth.  Whenever audiences get a chance to listen to this man's eloquent arguments uninterrupted by protests and hectoring, the simplicit y of his message is apparent.  His detractors, many of whom have exposed their tw isted and convoluted agenda by attacking his character in the most fascistic manner, have spent much of their time trying to silence him rather than win on the battlefiel d of ideas.   Ward Connerly has the capacity through his speeches and writings to change minds by validating common sense. This is obviously very threatening to some. The beauty of Ward's message is that there is a path to racial harmony if one is prepared to t hink for one's self outside of current civil rights dogma [eg:] ...'America is racis t and there is no hope except for remedies that themselves are discriminatory'.  Also, 'to transcend race one must immerse oneself in racial thinking'... These notions are in direct conflict with the ideas of 50 years ago that shaped the direction of civi l rights legislation.   Like Ward, I grew up in the "civil rights era", being taught citizenship 101 at an early age by parents who did not tolerate conscious, knee-jerk, or otherwise cowardly prejudicial thinking.  A lot of intellectual capital I'm afraid has been squandered by subsequent generations who've been spoon fed neo-racism (non-whites can't be racist) and revisionist history (nothing has changed since slavery).  The current heirs of this capital (what Ward calls the "civil rights establishment") have retained only the moral posture of a once great movement, not its enduring ideas . The popular culture buys into this faux morality because we are either lazy thinkers or guilt ridden sheep.   Americans have become obsessed with race at a time when all indications are that race is receding as a determinant of success.  Curiously there are those as Ward says, "Look through the rearview mirror of our racial past rather than the windshield."   In the arena of political thought, skepticism IS good. There ARE hidden agendas.  But to read Ward's book is to understand his motivation and the process he uses to r each his conclusions. This book I think lays to rest any thought that Connerly has motives other than his genuine concern with digging ourselves out of our national obsession with race and victimhood.  A thinking person has no choice but to judge Connerly 's arguments on their merits because the integrity of this man's life and his efforts are beyond reproach.       