 The trend toward hyperbole with these reviews is justified with an album like "Sonny Side Up".  No bones about it,  this CD is a smoker!  This was one of my first albums that set the hook for 28 years of jazz enjoyment.  With thousands of records in my collection now I still never tire of this one,  a desert island pick for sure. Diz, Newk and Stitt are at the pinnicle of their creative careers.  Dizzy is like bubbling oiled fire.  Rollins...raw, biting, searching.  Stitt...smooth as butter, funny, fast.  One of the two strokes of genius on this date...the pairing of these two tenor titans.  Their styles are so totally different yet they compliment one another. The other stroke of genius is the use of blues oriented jazz pianist Ray Bryant who adds a solid mood that anchors this session. "On The Sunny Side Of The Street" opens the set at a business man's bounce.  Stitt takes the first solo followed by Diz using a Harmon mute.  Rollins jumps in with all fours and the out melody is sung by (who else) Dizzy embelishing the lyrics with "Dizzyisms". A Stitt original "The Eternal Triangle" flys. Faster than my metronome (208).  Stitt takes the first solo and is off. The ideas just gush out. His tone is so beautiful and his rhythm is right on the money.  Dizzy and Rollins throw in shout riffs behind him to build the energy.  Stitt's solo ends when Rollins busts through the door and they begin trading "fours".  As Joe Bob Briggs might say..."then they got pissed".  Each tries to outdo the other and succeeds, the result is an exremely exciting and climactic romp through this tune.  After they trade "eights" Dizzy tepidly enters on unmuted horn and cools things down before launching into one of the most inspired solos of his life.  He squeezes out screeching high notes, half valves it, jerks the rhythm and finally ends by trading fours with drummer Chas Persip ending the head with a blazing tag. Ray Bryant has made the Avery Paris! h tune "After Hours" his own with this recording.  The Bryant touch is so blue it profounly affects the horn soloists.  Each tune shows Dizzy's musical stamp with small ensemble riffs sometimes launching a soloist.  This tune is no exception.  A classic. Another workout for bassist Tommy Bryant is "I Know That You Know".  Sonny Rollons "stop time" solo on this showcases his ability to hear the chords and rhythm in his head and jettison the band for several choruses. This is a good CD to turn a novice on to jazz or perk up some jazz die hard.  It doesn't get any better than this!  A ten on the groove-o-meter.     