 Chris Isaak is a rare example of a musician who has a unique ability to take a forgotten retro sound and add in a rush of utterly contemporary lyrics and presentation.  End result:  a truley refreshing and inspiring type of music!  Before this particular album, Chris was popular in Europe (after Blue Hotel hit in France), but had hardly surfaced in America.  Isaak starts things off with the rollicking *Heart Shaped World*, which perfectly sets the tone for this dark, sensual, off-beat album. For the most part, Chris Isaak stays down-beat, but there are also a few notable rockers, particularly the bluesy *Don't Make Me Dream About You*. *Diddley Daddy*, which is the only song here that Chris didn't write, is another fast tune with some hip, comical lyrics.  Then of course there's the spooky *Wicked Game*, an excellent blue rockabilly ballad featuring seductive guitar work and a decsending hook that'll get stuck in your head for days. Perhaps even better than this killer hit though is the steamy *Blue Spanish Sky*, with its Spanish resguedo acoustic strum and trumpet. *Forever Young* is kind of a neat latin surf-rock tune where Isaak is finally sounding a little less bereft.  Another great track of the record is the upbeat *Wrong To Love You*, which has a wonderfully rauscious guitar hook and a haunting melody. The songs flow from one to the other beautifully. Isaak sounds like a devistated lover yearning to avoid love's inevitably bad outcome. The production is a little slicker, cleaner than the Sun Rockabilly records and 60s loungy pop which are obviously Isaak's influences.  Nontheless, he does a great job of interpreting that vintage crystal-clear reverb with a highly contemporary outlook.  The guitars ring clearly, the drum beats aren't overbaked, and the lyricism is hip (but never pretentious), which makes Isaak a rare catch in the world of loud jangle-rock and girly pop.  The musicianship of he and his trio band is fabulous and Chris uses his moody baritone vocals to perfection on all the songs.  Definitely worth it! Thank You.     