 Renaissance man Dwight Yoakam goes with all kinds of styles here, weaving it all into an eleven song album that you wont be able to get enough of. Every song is superb and each one offers something different. Dwight is in a devistated, almost pathetic mood here and he simply doesn't let up throughout this self-pity story.  As an album, "This Time" doesn't really hang together as well as some of Yoakam's other recordings. What is striking about this album is the diversity of the songs.  Refreshing forgotten honkytonk sounds and cool rock 'n roll, the album is definately Dwight's most off-beat recording (most of these songs are ballads).  *Pocket of a Clown* is a 50s-tinged midtempo tune with the colorful lyrics: 'Hollow lies make a thin disguise as little drops of truth fall from your eyes' The descriptive *Home For Sale* combines delicate dobro and acoustic guitar with a swimming organ. For the most part, Pete Anderson's bluesy guitar is silenced, but his influence is still there as he experiments with some interesting styles of reverb. Check out his cheap guitar reverb on the bouncy title track or Dwight's echoing vocals on the Stones-y rocker *Wildride*. Featuring a familiar melody and chillingly sad lyrics, *Two Doors Down* has to be one of the best country tear-jerkers written in the past thirty years. The very best song here though is probably the apocalyptic *A Thousand Miles From Nowhere*, with its haunting harmony and melody. The blaring electric guitars combined with the lyrics, "I got bruises on my memory / I got tear stains on my hands / and in the mirror there's a vision / of what used to be a man" will take you to another place. The lamenting *Aint That Lonely Yet* features a creative chord progression that is washed over with sweeping strings, which makes for a nice smooth intro into the honkytonkin' *King of Fools*. Listen here as the waltzing fiddles and Yoakam's "buh bah" vocals fade out at the end, leaving a hopeless and empty feeling in the listener's mind.  Then comes the scorching guitar licks of *Fast as You*, a red-hot rocker that recalls Roy Orbison's "Pretty Woman".  The acoustic *Try Not To Look So Pretty* has a beautiful fiddle hook.  The album concludes with the weeping *Lonesome Roads*, which takes you right to that desolate highway in the middle of a desert. Again, the variety of the songs is so stunning that you may have to relisten a few times to fully appreciate it. This is one album where Yoakam ran a high parallel between artistic achievement and an audience response. Thank You     