 *Killin' Time* is one of the finest records of modern era C&W. This record has much more to offer than the five fantastic hit singles. In fact, the other five songs probably could have been major hits as well.  Clint Black starts off the album with the snappy western swinger, *Straight From The Factory*. The song has a happy and friendly tone, but after that, Mr. Black slides into gut-wretching pain and emptiness with his deeply meaningfull, poetic lyrics and classic country melodies. *A Better Man* was one of the freshest songs to come along in years.  Featuring a thick guitar intro that leads into a deep hook, the song is lightly dusted with keyboard and acoustic guitar. *Nobody's Home* is a soulfull ballad with the perfect melody and lyrics that will tug at your heart. The sophisticated *Walkin' Away* has a nice arrangement of fiddle and electric guitar. *You're Gonna Leave Me Again* will put a good vision in your mind, bringing you right into Clint's head when he says: "think I'll go down to the picture show, see if they're playin' something new". Listen for the beautifull fiddle solo at the end of this song.  *I'll Be Gone* is an upbeat, rockin' tune similar to something you'd find on a Buck Owens record. *Nothing's News* includes a great pedal steel solo and tear-jerking lyrics that'll give you chills!--Especially where he says: "down at Ernie's ice-house liftin' longnecks to that good old country sound". *Winding Down* is another song where Clint is alone and is now singing about the aftermath of playin' all evening in the honkytonks. My favorite cut of the record is the title track, *Killin' Time*. The song has an infectious baritone guitar riff, a mean and addictive melody and hard pedal steel guitar. The album then closes with the haunting country-blues of *Live and Learn*.  The songs, all penned by Mr. Black, are very well written. I wouldn't call this a concept album, but each song tells a different story, a different chapter in the musician's life.  The production and performances are inspired and Clint's vocals are smooth, superb! Black recorded this record with his road band, and it definitely shows. This is great music to listen to when you're alone and going through some hard times. It'll get inside of your soul. Highly recommended to anyone lookin' for some top-of-the-line music that defines the genre. Thanks.     