 PJ HARVEY"S MOST INTIMATE RECORD TO DATE. "Uh Huh Her" PJ Harvey's follow up to the ultra-polished, almost glam "Stories From the City..." follows the loud/soft, lo-fi style, guitar-riffs-ripping-out-heart-strings of her earlier recordings to a certain extent.  The first thing noticeably different about this record before even popping it into my CD player is that instead of photography by Maria Mochnacz the cover art and insert graces candid self-photographs by Polly herself.  (Maria and Rob Ellis do the artwork)  The main sound of the album is mainly a fusion of  quasi-bluesy punk rock with a little sprinkling of folk and a smattering of ambiance for lack of better words.  It sounds like it was made in a garage, it is raw, it is rough and it is essentially PJ Harvey updated for 2004.  It may lack the smoothness and polish of her last album that won critical accolades, but there is something primal, precious and direct about it. It has been my pleasure to listen to the musical evolution of PJ Harvey.  Her lyrics are still minimal to a point, but much more coherent and lucid than they ever were before.  Her voice is more trained, but still has the ability to be unhinged at the drop of a hat.  She has the incredible gift of expressing and weaving any given emotion into her music to the point that the song is a core of something far more powerful and that few artists ever have that talent.  It's obvious that she has lost her rose coloured glasses of unbridled optimism but she can no longer back track to the days of screaming at someone to measure her... Uh Huh Her is in the space between the two extremes. Uh Huh Her is a transitional album.  There is anger but twinged with more regret than absolute bitterness.  It is a very introspective album and more about understanding and reclaiming herself than exorcising any blue-eyed demons. I was very surprised to see all the negative reviews of this vibrant, painful, and darker album.  It is very solid, not at all boring, and just another step in her evolution as musician.  I for one know that this album will be in steady rotation in my CD player for quite some time. The Life and Death of Mr. Badmouth - A great choice for the opening track.  A rumble almost gleefully angry track. Shame - Very hypnotic and darkly beautiful guitar ballad.  A song I can listen to on repeat. Who the F***? - Probably the best song on the album.  Why?  It just rocks. Pocket Knife - Plaintive song about marriage and how fast time passes. The Letter - Slightly ominous and appropriately luddite - full of caveman moans and vintage echo effects and heavy guitar. The Slow Drug - Sparce lo-fi downtempo.  Wistful. No Child of Mine - Short and rough ballad. Cat on the Wall - Reminds me of Sonic Youth for some reason!  More experimental and flanged out.  Layers of sound. You Come Through - Chunky, melodic and hopeful. It's You - Kind of  punk karaoke sounding, it's a hang-over of a song, timid in parts and dull-edged licks. The End - Simple instrumental that sounds like it should be in an indie soundtrack. The Desperate Kingdom of Love - Somehow it sounds catharic for her, like a soothing balm.  It reminds me of an understated hymn. The Darker Days of Me & Him - Asian-inspired, ethereal voice, and regretful.  Sort of a sonic ace bandage.     