 I bought the CD after reading so many positive reviews.  I didn't think it made that huge an impression the first time I listened to it, but then the songs started to play in my head.     My favorites are In This World, which has such an incredible feel of the era that Harmony is set in that you can nearly envision it - I think it's completely charming and it's Manilow at his finest and as only he can deliver.    Stars in the Night and Where You Go are simply hauntingly beautiful and touching - they're masterpieces.  Due to the time in which Harmony occurs, the lyrics and music take on deeper meaning and these songs did the ultimate for me - I FELT what they were writing about.  As another reviewer said - you can envision the footage we've all seen of that horrible period of time being shown to this music - and I found myself reflecting on the horror of it all and feeling it in a way I hadn't before - thinking about the individuals and families whose worlds were torn apart.  I don't know how you can listen to this CD without being deeply affected.    Every Single Day is a show stopper and vintage Manilow.  I'd heard this song on a Manilow DVD from a live concert and have to admit I thought Barry's delivery on that was better (he's such an incredible performer) than the one on this CD, but they're both wonderful - and it's just a beautiful love song.  I enjoyed the COPA songs, especially Dancin' Fool, but have to admit I haven't given them the play I have the songs that called to me from Harmony - but I often played them afterward because they're so upbeat and happy that it's contagious.  You Were in My Dreams has long been one of my favorites and is another classic Manilow at his finest.    One of the things I've always loved about Barry Manilow is his ability to not only write, but deliver music in a way that makes you feel it - and this CD is one of the finest examples of that.  It also continues to showcase his versatility in the diverse styles of music he can write, sing and arrange (Mayflower is another example of this).    I think this is a wonderful CD and recommend it highly - it's a musical odyssey.       