 I've been a Manilow fan since the first single in the 70's and he's my favorite musician.  Having seen him numerous times in concert and considering him a fabulous live performer, I pre-ordered this CD and awaited it's delivery with great expectation.    So it brings me great pain to be unable to give him 5 stars.  I listened to the CD several times just to make sure my initial impression wasn't wrong; sadly, it confirmed it.  It has to be hard to sing the same songs for 20+ years and I know Barry once said he didn't want to become one of those people who go through the motions.  To his credit, he hasn't - and that may be one of the issues I have with the CD.  Through the years, he's always mixed it up in concert and given new arrangements to the songs and vocalized them differently and I guess maybe that kept them fresh and enjoyable to perform.  Most of the time, they were enjoyable to hear.  However, in this CD, some of the old favorites are sung in a way - sometimes in talk-sing (shades of Neil Diamond) that I yearned for the original rendition.  To my surprise, he just didn't sound in good voice on some songs - and I've never heard him sound anything but great in any of the concerts I've attended.    I can't help but wonder why they didn't release the A&E Live by Request Concert or the make a CD out of the Manilow Live show (released in DVD format) he did a few years ago - both were fantastic and would have made a superior CD and more accurate depiction of his voice and live performance talents, in my opinion.  All that said, there are more good songs than bad.  Some of the songs are performed wonderfully and capture him as anyone who has seen him live has heard him.    If you're looking for a comprehensive collection of Manilow music, I'd recommend The Complete Collection - the boxed set.  While you may miss the music of a few of the years that came afterward, it's got every song he released up to that point and a number of tracks you won't find elsewhere.  "Barry Live" is a great live album, even if it's earlier in his career - it more accurately captures his voice and the vitality of his live performance.    Bottom line, the performance of the songs isn't even and just doesn't do Manilow justice.  It's not his best, but even at less than his best, he's better than most.                 