 I'm afraid it's a little hard to feel sympathy for a woman, however young, who enters into a relationship with a known womanizer - with a MLB star at that, whom are notorious for being less than faithful) - then sticks with him when she knows he's cheating on her from the start.  It's harder still to like a woman who then places the blame numerous times on the "poor parenting" and lack of values instilled by her parents.  The person I feel the most sympathy for is her mother, who may not have been a role model, but at least seemed to unconditionally love her children and tried to be supportive.  Was it really necessary for her to tell her family secrets?  While she may want a crack at fame and fortune, I'm afraid she's book-worthy for no reason other than being the ex-wife to a MLB player.    I give her credit for at least being honest in hindsight and taking her share of the blame in many of the situations, even when it makes her unsympathetic - and that makes her likeable.  I could better understand her situation had Jose Canseco changed after their relationship began - but it seems like he was an uncommunicative, selfish, arrogant person from the day they met, who never treated her well.  Jessica allowed herself to be bought by her attraction to him, his lifestyle and his fame - whether she ever really loved him isn't clear - but for all that, it got her nothing but unhappiness.    For all her harsh words regarding her parents, maybe one day she'll grow up and realize they're just people too - and everyone makes mistakes.  Doesn't seem to have stopped her from making her share of mistakes, as I consider her Playboy stint.  While she may have divorced Jose, she doesn't seem to have divorced herself of the idea of fame - and her use of his fame for her own means seems contradictatory of what she claims to have set out to do - free herself of him and move on to an independent life being a good parent to her daughter.  I don't mean to be harsh myself, but so far, a pretty face and body is what Jessica has traded on all her life and we all know that doesn't last forever.           