 I'm not sure what the other reviewer is complaining about when saying that the TiVo isn't picking up channels and is unreliable. No problems here, I get everything. Also, YOU CANT TELL WHEN ITS ON THE SECOND TUNER.  The integration between the 2 tuners is seemless, you watch tv and record on seperate channels, thats all you know. The quality is EXACTLY the same as you get on regular directv... no complaints there... ZERO loss of quality on recordings and live tv. This thing is fantastic, you program in what channels you receive and dont' receive, and it won't suggest shows or anything on the channels you don't receive, wonderful.  After a couple weeks of using this, you learn all the tricks to finding great things, when watching tv.. you rate the shows you are watching by pressing a thumbs up or thumbs down on your control, then when you want, you can simply go to TiVo Suggestions and it will suggest shows and like shows to either watch live or record for your convenience.  I have tons of Season Passes that TiVo records for me whenever my shows come on, FANTASTIC!!! Another trick, I always start football games 30 minutes after they start, that way you can fastforward commercials and halftime... then by the end of the game you skipped the commercials and halftime and are caught up to real-time to see the finish. FANTASTIC. And guys, the system will auto-record whenever you are watching live tv (and only stores it temporarily until you change channels)... this is AWESOME, that means when you are just leisurely watching a show, and miss something, you can just rewind without having to have hit record earlier. And the ability to control your own instant replays during football games makes this unit worth every cent in gold.. i pause and rewind all the time. And folks, PLEASE don't waste your money on "the latest receivers" this one has all the options, for almost nothing, if you want more space, just search the internet, you can easily put a 120 gig hard drive in it like I did for $60 more and get 120 hours of recording. And for the slow menu problems, thats answered on the system, if you press "page up" or "page down" on the remote, it makes it real quick and easy to browse the guide. In conclusion, this is the BEST TiVo deal you can find, don't waste money on anything else, no problems at all with the unit.  FANTASTIC!!!!     