 To address some issues about the game, the negatives first - yes, your squadmates have terrible shots, but they DO kill some bad guys, now most people say this is negative, to me, it's better this way - have you played ghost recon?  in ghost recon your squad kills every bad guy before you ever get a shot!  It's stupid.  Although they do get in the way, thats how it REALLY works, you have to keep your eyes open and watch out for your teammates.  This game REALLY engulfs you into the Black Hawk Down atmosphere, the city really feels like Mogadishu, the buildings, the people, everything, feels and looks great... And the missions accompanied by the sound have a very theatrical feel, it gets your heart pumping a bit doing a takedown "We have a swarm of militia approaching our point" your heart starts racing a bit, you hear lots of militia voices speaking in their language, yelling, shooting, WOW... fantastic!  So for atmosphere, this game ROCKS... Put some headphones on and just get entreanched by this game, you'll love every second of it.. You'll feel like your in the movie.  The missions are all really good, on one you actually get in a Humvee as the .50' calibur gunner - your in a convoy and going through the city, militia are on rooftops, coming out of alleys, all over just like the movie... awesome.. You also get to do takedowns, you fly via black hawk into the city, jump out on a rooftop, a second team lands on the deck and works through the 1st floor while you go top down with your team, meet up at extraction while hundreds of militia are trying to converge on you, you hear the bullets whizzing by your head, the yelling and gathering of the militia storms through your ears, "RPG, RPG", you know what may happen if you can't get to your convoy asap, but at last with some covering fire from the Black Hawk overhead, you make the getaway with your captured Tier 1 militants.  The game really does play quite nice, the AI isn't great, but it doesn't have to be, I personally don't really take notice to that.  The controls feel nice, and all the weapons are a bit different, they fire nicely, the sights are nice, and the feel of the weapon overall is pretty good, you feel like your firing an M16, or a shotgun, etc.  So again, this game was fantastic, I've played most games, Far Cry, Splinter Cell, etc... Even other squad based games like the Conflict Series and Rainbow Six/Ghost Recon - to be honest, NOTHING has come as close as Black Hawk Down to getting that true feel of the battle - again, you'll feel like your in Mogadishu fighting the hard battle that our soldiers did.  You'll be on the edge of your seat flying in on that Black Hawk helicopter manning the machine guns, and your thinking "is THIS where the black hawk gets hit, RPG RPG!!!" -   I can't get enough, WOW! Buy this game, for $19.99 its a STEAL!     