 Grant seems to be very good at convincing average readers to believe his writings.  He gets very emotional and excited about his so called truths.  In fact, any one sided christian would think its truth also. Upon reading his book, I found that this guy does NOT do any research.  He is making christians look REALLY bad.  For example.  His opinionated garbage for proof of jesus' miracles:  he just rants on and on about how people named in the bible, actually existed.  Now lets not forget, out of the thousands and thousands mentioned in the bible, he finds a couple that were proven to have existed.  How does this even come remotely close to proven Jesus' miracles??  Good question, I really don't know either.  So if I write that the world trade center was destroyed in 2001, and I also write that there is a huge godly smurf that is flying around earth giving people free money, does that make my supernatural claim true?? Of course not.  He is only providing evidence that the bible actually mentioned real people, that is NOT evidence supporting his claims of jesus' supernatural miracles... or of this god actually existing. His bible codes are just garbage, they are so insanely infinite, that you could find some sort of code similar to the bible codes in just my review. With all his scientific proofs, which as you will see in the bibliography and his research techniques, are NOT even researched.  It looks like he read a magazine and wrote a book. He doesn't seem to mention all the PROVEN false historical events in the bible.  For instance, Noah's Ark, Genesis 6:19 states - 6:19 And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark, to keep them alive with thee; they shall be male and female. Well, if this is TRUE. And is the divinely inspired word of god like Grant suggests... then there is no such thing as hermaphrodite species, such as hermaphrodite worms.  It also means you must acknowledge that species like ants and termites don't exist, since they can not survive as male and female, and only as colonies. He will only twist around science and the bible and try and make it sound truthful.  He will try and tell you that since the gospels were written at LEAST 30 years after Jesus' resurrection, they MUST be true.  Since you cannot publish writings that soon after a death and have them not be true, as people would still be around and prove them wrong. Well, why did they wait at LEAST 30 years after Jesus' death to write about it??  Thats like reporting/writing about 9/11/01 in the year 2031, can you even fathom this? Of course thats silly. And of course any ACTUAL scholarly research will show to you that the writings are at LEAST 70 years after the death of Jesus, not 30 years.  Many researches believe the first book was approximately 120 years after the death of Jesus.  Grant failed on this also, not surprising. He also talks about the dead sea scrolls, his proofs through the dead sea scrolls seem to validify the fact that the old testament actually existed before christ... uhhh... so what?? So some of the dead sea scrolls were old testament writings. What does that have to do with the accuracy of the bible??  Besides, the NEW Testament writings are the ones in which we are nearly positive that the church has edited. Well, he also doesn't mention the PROOFS that completely nullify the new testament, and the accuracy of the claims of miracles.  For a VERY good, actually well researched book about christian origins... read "The Lost Gospel - The Book Of Q and Christian Origins - by: Burton L. Mack"  Whether or not you believe in Q... this book goes deeply into christian origins, and completely nullifies all of Grants garbage claims.  The Lost Gospel is incredibly well researched, and well written. I recommend buying this book though.... why?  Whether you are christian or not, you will learn about how to NOT defense the religion, you will learn a lot in this book, its useful, and its a HOW NOT TO book. Don't let his hype take you in, thats all it is, he uses emotion to try and convince the reader that his false proofs are true.     