 I havent been a life long fan like some, but I have developed an incredible adoration for this band and it's profound degree of musicianship, originality, and brilliance.  I now own the "Stars die" collection(a good way to get into Porcupine Tree) "Stupid Dream", "Lightbulb Sun", and "Recordings".  Each album is pure quality.  More to the point, In roughly 3-6 years I have not encountered an album as moving as "In Absentia".  It has all the elements of anything I want from a band.  The only albums that have come close are VAST's self title debut and Tool's "AEnima".  The most remarkable thing about this album however is the fact that Porcupine Tree have learned how to rattle their quills.  The vocals (harmonies and all) are still as touching as ever, the lyrics are as vivid and varied as in previous album, but this time the band(not to sound corny, sorry) rocks.  They shamelessly/effortlessly mingle aggressive instrumentals with their more mellow, prog and psychadelic tunes.  Some of the songs even start as very melodic and serene and then churn into raging instrumental breakdown as in "Gravity Eyelids", one of the albums highlight moments.  Other jewels on the album are "Blackest Eyes", with it's snarling NIN guitar pre-verse, and very pop sensical chorus, the lyrics are genius as well.  "Trains" harkens to Stupid Dream's "Evenless", perhaps a little more glossy and a higher tempo.   "The Sound of Musak" is evidence that a catchy song structure doesnt necessitate a simple message.  My personal favorite track on the album would have to be the darkly tinged "Strip the Soul" the guitar solo has an errie and angry feel to it as it backed by the drone of bass and keyboard.  I highly recommend this album to anyone who is a fan of rock music in general or has leanings toward progressive, hard rock, goth, metal(not so much death metal i guess).  If you like Nine Inch Nails, Tool, A Perfect Circle, Vast, or any band that bears similarities to these bands you should give Porcupine Tree a shot.     