 I have been a fan of Cold for the better part of 4 years and let it be known, that despite an unavoidable degree of bias, I would not write such a positive review if I did not feel Cold had earned it.  First let me address the instrumentation as it is marvelous, the attention to guitar, bass and drum subtleties is remarkable.  The guitars soar, and the rhythm section are on point! No single musician is overshadowed at any point and the production overall is noticably more clear than their previous efforts. I must tip my hat to vocalist Scooter Ward, his vocals are flawless and the lyrics remain as moving as they were on "13 Ways to Bleed on Stage" but the subjects addressed are more direct and obvious.  Lyrically the uncharacteristicly high-tempo "Stupid Girl" hits you over the head,the message and even the words are simple but very memorable. However one would have to be heartless to not be touched by "Sad Happy", a tear jerker if one knows the true story or can empathize with the victim.  "Cure my Tragedy" relates the tale of watching someone dear go through a life threatening illness, the song is based on people close to the band.  Thus, Cold's sincerity is assured.  As is their generosity, upon buying the cd, not only is one treated to a behind the scenes DVD(Rivers from Weezer is in it briefly)a hidden track,and a fitting closer to the cd "Gone Away" was quite a welcome surprise.  My qualms with the album are few...actually singular, only one "heavy" song.  One more might have balanced the album a little more. Cold are not known as a "metal" band however, and their nominal artistic direction overshadows that concern anyway. It would be hard to fathom a fan of their last cd not enjoying this one as well. As a whole this album is nothing short of remarkable.  Other standout tracks include "Wasted Years" and "Came all the way" with their seemless string arangements. The Kurt Cobain/Layne Staley tribute "The Day Seattle Died" the hard edged opening track "The Remedy" and the brutal closer, a simple but enjoyable rant about the music industry. There are no poor songs and I fail to recall any filler.  It is my hope that Cold continue to crank out records of this calibur for years to come. One of my best cd purchases this year!     