 Cold have been described as everything from a less nu-metal Staind to a grungey The Cure, but With "A Differnt Kind of Pain" these descriptions are now officially obsolete.  After their gritty self-title debut, the crunch heavy "13 Ways to Bleed on Stage" and the lush and melodic "Year of the Spider" Cold have come into their own on "A Differnt Kind of Pain".   To start, Scooter Ward brings his best vocal performance by a long shot.  While it's nothing new for his vocals to improve from one album to the next, the leaps and bounds in his ability this time around are impressive.  Beyond the profound climb in ability is something else that nearly defies description.  Ward manages to emote without sounding the least bit "Emo".  This has been in evidence in most of Colds work but truely resonates here.    Instrumentally the band (despite some pretty severe lineup changes)sounds better than ever.  Sam McCandless remains the vital drumming force as before, alternating between complexity and simple yet memorable patterns.  The guitars don't so much compete with Wards vocals, as they have on past albums, rather they offer a more supportive role on this album.  Jeremy Marshall's bass lines are as they have been on all Cold records: pronounced but never jarring, sometimes subtle, other times menacing.  Track for track this album may be Colds strongest offerings.  "Back Home" starts with a shimmering guitar hook that lumbers into a thunderous riff which gives way to Scooters croon and the signature rhythm interplay of Marshall and McCandless.  This is an epic sounding song crammed into 4 and a half minutes.  "Happens All the Time" is tried and true Cold, it has an expansive chorus that makes it's home in your head and -never- leaves.  Catchy stuff, better lyrics than "Stupid Girl" too! "Another Pill" evokes the hopelessness and mood of "Noone" and "Suffocate".  "Ocean" finds Cold playing with the instrumental and lyrical aggression of their first two records, which makes it a stellar album closer. The title track showcases Ward's vocals while backed by keyboards and cinematic arrangements as "Cure My Tragedy" and "Wasted Years" have.  This song could break Cold to the mainstream.     Generally, I like to pick out the strongest tracks on an album but for once I'm at a loss.  It's a near perfect album.  Cold fans won't be let down.       