 I've been a Filter fan since I was 16(now 22) and while I cant say that I was let down(because this is a great album!) I was hoping for something else.  Title of Record <Filters second album> is hands down one of my top 10 cds ever(I own 200+). It was the perfect balance of the intensity from Short Bus and Richard Patricks new found sense of melody and song writting...Not to mention, Title of Record was produced by now epic-making producer Ben Grosse. Amalgamut is still a masterpiece in its own right.  Filters highly potent rhythm section remains intact with steathy bass lines and incredible drum work, while the guitars have been turned up a notch. "You Walk Away" is one of the albums crushingly heavy tracks but Richard still croons the chorus as well as, and similar to Chino of Deftones fame. "American Cliche" is tried and true Filter! this song sounds like "Its Gonna Kill Me" or "Hey Man Nice Shot" heavy but still a sense of melody(It was great live too). As I'm sure you've heard, "Where Do We Go From Here" is like a heavier "Take a Picture" very well done. "Columind" is practicly industrial meets hardcore, Patricks vocals are truely put to the test on this monster. "The Missing" harkens back to Title of Records more gothy-mellow tracks, though the lyrics are heart felt they fall a little flat here and there.  "My Long Walk To Jail" is a slight departure for Filter, the guitars remind one of Megadeth or IronMaiden, I kid you not, but the vocals are pure perfection. "So I Quit" is another heavy rant of a track,though he still sings brilliantly on the chorus.  "It Can Never Be the Same" is a standout, this song has some of the errie undertones from Title Of Record, very very well done track. Over all an incredible record, and if I didnt hold such a lofty opinion of their second cd it would be their best since Short Bus kinda made you feel like you were riding one. Any fan of either of Filters cds should pick this one up, even if "Where Do We Go From Here" isn't your cup of tea. Overall, a top notch recording.     