 This is truely a tear jerker of an album for fans of Lynn Strait. I found myself brushing away tears or smiling at certain moments of songs that recount the exploits of the metal outfit Snot. Snots lead singer and his beloved dog Dobbs were killed in a multiple car pileup on a California interstate.  The album is almost entirely a roaring metal masterwork but there are moments such as "Angels Son", a haunting ballad-esque song performed by the remaining members of Snot and several members of Sevendust. Lajons(Sevendusts lead singer) vocal and lyrical talents are a force to be reckoned with. The video is even more touching with his mother, his girlfriend, and members of bands who once toured with Lynn Strait coming together.  Bradon Boyd of Incubus puts in his two bits as well with "Divided(an arguement for the soul)" a more aggressive song that mourns Lynns passing.  The most compelling tracks come from Serj Tankian(System of a Down) "Starlit Eyes" and John Davis(Korn) "Take it Back" who seemed to have befriended Lynn on a personal level, and sang of his exploits and his lust for life.  One of the most haunting and powerfull tracks however is performed by Snot as a whole, before Lynns passing.  The song is titled "Absent" first appearing on the Strangeland soundtrack(the best version of the song, it starts with a gut wrenching scream from Lynn before diving into the song.) The Strangeland soundtrack has most of the artists on this tribute cd as well. It is a must have for fans of the metal genre as a whole. Take a look at it on Amazons search engine.  Other artists who contribute to the tribute album include Mark Mcgrath of SugarRay, Dez of Coal Chamber, Corey of Slipknot, M.C.U.D of Hed(PE), Max Cavalera of Soul Fly and Fred Durst of LimpBizkit fame.  If You enjoyed Snot or even just one of the bands who took part of this project then it is worth at least a listen, and likely your money, as it will be given to a charity in his memory. Long live the Spirit of James Lynn Strait and Dobbs.     