 Enraged fans of Nine Inch Nails will share a moment of tooth grinding anger at the second track which is an obvious attack on Trent Reznor. I too heard this and promptly wanted to skip to the next song or tear the disk apart.  This is a very mixed album from an objective standpoint however.  Limp Bizkit claims to be nothing more than an "idiot rap/rock" band.  They are just that, however this is a good album.  Idiot rock CAN and WILL be enjoyed people. It's common knowledge. Motley Crue and Guns N Roses were huge before LimpBizkit, and now LimpBizkit has the spotlight, dozens of bands try to mimic them semi-successfully.  While I prefer my music a little more on the cryptic/mature side (Tool, A Perfect Circle, Radiohead, Deftones)I enjoyed this record. Tracks like "Rollin", "My Generation", and "Take A Look Around" are intense, nothing less. Durst even makes fun of himself, regularly, a sign that NIN fans shouldn't be overwhelmingly furious. The band even has its sincere moments with tracks like "It'll be ok", similar to "Re-arranged" but far more guitar driven(well done Wes Borland)and "Hold on" featuring Scott Weiland(singer, Stone Temple Pilots), is a haunting ballad that seems to be building up to a rock track but never does. Scott is in rare form vocally however. Neither of the straight forward rap tracks are as amuzing/amazing as "N2gethernow" from Significant Other but they were both meaningfull collaborations. In the end this album is a mix of high points and lulls.  Though there is much promise in future Limp Bizkit success. The band has improoved by leaps and bounds as far as quality is concerned, and while there may not be as many tracks to enjoy as on Significant Other the instrumentaion has reached (cliche) a "new level".  Wes Borland weilds his guitar like a weathered pro in comparison to the two previous albums, placing an emphasis on effects similar to Korn. However he seems to be sharpening his riffs to a more urgent direction. Dj Lethal has been put on the forefront instead of the backround with this album, a wise move when considering his years of experience on the wheels of steel.  Sam Rivers is the most improved perhaps, as the album rests on it's bass lines more comfortably than either of the previous records. Jon Otto remains the respectable drumming force he was in the last two albums, if not better.  Fred Durst is the only one who could stand to take a lesson or two.  Those lessons could even be taught by himself, as he sounded much better on Significant Other.  He uses a whining technique that was ussually effective, now he merely overdoes it.  Durst can be commended however, because the few mature songs LB has are signs of a band that has yet to peak.  On another note in Freds favor that few can deny, he has an uncanny talent at creating monsterously successfull pop/metal anthems. Keep on rollin baby!     