 To say that this is what one would expect from the next Stonesour album and not Slipknot is shortsighted and dimmwitted.  But, to say that this isnt a massive (in some ways) departure for Slipknot would be equally wrong.  Yes, there are times where it doesnt sound like a nine man army but rather a 5 or 4 peice, this is rare however.  Old Slipknot in full (self title/Iowa) glory can be found in tracks such as "The Blister Exists". The drums screams and squeeling guitars alone make this song top quality, think "Sic" meets "People = S#it".  In the opposite direction is "Circle" which is nothing like anything from Slipknot.  It is melodic, disturbingly so,especially given the lyrical content.  Slipknot have hinted toward melody in the past. Furious tracks such as "Wait and Bleed" "My Plague" and "Left Behind" are an assault on the senses but had pounding and memeroble choruses where Corey Taylor <gasp> sang.  Was heaviness sacrificed *#@^ NO!  So for once Slipknot went full on melody. Forgive them or not it is a high quality song. "Duality" is the lead single and rightfully so.  It showcases what this album is all about in a furious swirl of buzzsaw guitars  acrobatic percussion and howl/growl/sing vocals. "The Nameless" belongs on Iowa, pure and simple. It sounds like a bombardement that should have preceeded "The Heretic Anthem". My gripes as a Slipnkot fan are few. The turntable and samples sound as marvelous as ever but are in short supply on many of the less lengthy songs.  The turntables helped strengthen songs like "Wait and Bleed" "Disasterpiece" and "Eyeless" if Slipknot dont hang up their masks after this record as many fans fear, then they should put Sid up front a bit. Both turntables and samples can be subtle though. Deftones use theirs atmospherically and it sounds like heavily distorted guitar.  Many of the songs stomp and hammer but they rarely charge with the double bass drum and percussion fury of songs found Iowa.  Depending more on bass and rhythm guitar to give the songs their heft this is a new kind of heavy for fans. Changes that I like: The guitar solos; "Opium of the People" has a great one. Pure excellence, the occasional neck snapping solo is something Slipknot have always needed.  Using them on this record was very wise. Contrary to the most conservative fans cry of "sellout", Corey Taylors singing is a brand new weapon for the band as well.  I applaud it, the fact that he can hit the notes he does and still roar just as often is marvelous.  Overall I'm quite happy with my purchase, this album manages to astound me everytime I hear it.  The intricacy, subtle details and nuances in song structure boggle the mind.  Fear not, Slipknot have not made their "Load" or "St. Anger" it's not even their "Black Album", this is something uniquely Slipknot and it is as alive and vicious as ever. Strongest Tracks: "Pulse of the Maggots" "Duality" "The Blister Exists" "Circle" and "Vermillion".     