 The temptation to title this review "Come out and play, the Offspring still do" was tempting if a bit obvious.  For a pop-punk quartet that hails from the late 80's and found fame in the mid 90's, this band has done quite well for themselves.  Most of their brethren have quit, died, or jumped ship to new bands.  The Offspring however, remain largely intact (their founding drummer left prior to "Splinter").  Several acclaimed independent records including the dark and wily "Ignition" and the propulsive "Smash" which broke every independent album sales record known, are considerable achievements.  The fact that the band managed to hit pop-pay dirt with "Americana" should come as no surprise, "Pretty Fly" was blasting out of every stereo in every car for monthes.  So at this juncture the band (or record label) has seen fit to release a hits package.  Though most Offspring fans will tell you their hits pale to their darker, faster, and just as catchy non-radio tracks, this is the album to buy if you are new to the Offspring.   While the buyer misses out on their clever, high-speed and dare I say thought provoking songs from their self title debut and  "Ignition" they do get nearly every radio hit to date.  The striking but off kilter hit "I Choose" is strangely absent as well as the turbo charged "The Meaning of Life" both from "Ixnay on the Hombre", their most diverse and compelling album to date.  Also missing is the AFI cover of "Total Immortal" which was a short term radio mini-hit.  But nearly all the songs that made a splash on Mtv and rock radio are bundled here for the casual fan.  The brooding and hook filled "The Kids Aren't Alright" and "Come Out and Play".  The slow paced pop sing alongs "Hit That" and "Why Don't You Get a Job" and the giddy high-velocity "All I Want".  The Offspring are most represented by their medium paced straightforward rock songs on this collection.  "Gone Away", "Can't Repeat" "Defy You" and "Gotta Get Away" is the aspect of the Offspring many radio-listeners are most familiar with.  This album is the sure way to go if you like even one Offspring song.  If you find you like this entire hits collection I would strongly suggest picking up "Americana", "Smash" and then "Ixnay on the Hombre".  If those prove worthy get them all, The Offspring have yet to let me down.     