 After nearly 2 and a half years of lying dormant, Korn have once again risen with a new studio effort. With Untouchables, Korn find themselves awash in a sea of similar but talented bands and poor imitators alike. Korn seem undaunted. Korns trade mark metal-wild boar bass and grinding buzz saw guitars are back, and notably improved. However it is Jonathan Davis whose abilities now soar. Vocally Davis has never sounded better. "Hollow Life", a semi-industrial, strange but moving song, finds Davis singing better than he has on any of Korns 4 previous multi-million selling albums. Tracks like "Blame", "Here to Stay", and "Bottled Up Inside" are by the numbers Korn material, songs that new and old fans alike will love. "Wake Up Hate" finds Korn using a militant industrial/metal rhythm that harkens to Rammstein. "Beat it Upright" is a sing-song metal dirge that would have been at home on Follow the Leader, and "Noones There" showcases Davis's new & improved vocals with the bands ability to switch musical gears and still sound powerful. "Embrace" sounds distinctly like a breed of fan favorite tracks "It's On" and "Somebody Someone". Track for track, this maybe Korns best cd since their widely adored debut. Anyone paying close attention to Korns 99' cd Issues, may have noticed Davis's lyrics falling a little flat at times. With Untouchables Davis more than redeems himself. Untouchables has the lyrical integrity of their debut and the viciousness of Life is Peachy. Lastly and most importantly, Untouchables finds Korn being their most adventurous.  With each track, either dark and low key(like the brief interludes on Issues) or clamourous dirge metal, the band now take the time to create an atmosphere and set a mood for each song. After a few spins the listener will apreciate the intricate layers of each song. Long time fans of Korn know to expect the bands experimental tracks, but never before have they been so well done. I had to play this cd three times(prior to this review), from the first spin I liked the cd by the third I was praising it to all who would listen.  So, in all fairness give the cd time to grow on you, for me it took three spins, for u it may take more or less, but no Korn fan should be let down by this effort. Fans of Staind, Cold, Deftones, Sevendust, and System of a Down will appreciate this cd for its new spin on the now aging nu-metal formula. Untouchables proves Korn are Here to Stay.     