 Sevendust have managed to do something few of their "nu-metal"(a tiresome and this case unfitting label)contemporaries have been able to pull off.  Which is to put out four consistent, hard hitting, eclectic, and distinct cds over 7 years without (hugely) changing or distorting thier sound, losing band members, selling out to incredible heights, or quiting in the face of adversity (the deaths of front men Lynn Strait of Snot, and Dave Williams from Drowning pool,and most recently the brother of lead singer Lajon Whitherspoon)they have faced a number of other daunting hardships as well.  Which is why it's amazing that Sevendust or Seasons exist at all. Seasons picks up where Animosity ended, with a formula that goes back to their self title debut: Place one of the albums most punishing songs first and let the fireworks commence.   The opening track "Disease" bears a likeness to "Praise" in it's multi-vocalist assault(yes, Drummer Morgan Rose is still belting out his trade mark shout/growl/screams and guitarist Clint Lowery intertwines his vocals flawlessly with Lajons) and unrelenting nature. Though there are fewer rhythm changes in this song than "Praise", it can be likend to "Home" from their 1999 album of the same name, as far as intensity.  As ussual the albums first single(as with all of their other albums) fills the second track on the cd, in this case "Enemy" which is just as vicious as "Disease" with a little more melody.  The song is an assault on someone drummer Morgan Rose calls Pez(see Coal Chamber for details)and is as confrontational and jarring as a rock radio single can possibly be.  The following songs "Seasons" and "Brokendown" are the more tradional mid-tempo hardrock variety. The contrast of the high end texture and harmonies make the songs likable straight from the start.  Lajon pours his heart out lyricaly on these two songs.  "Separate", one of the albums strongest songs, sounds something like "Live Again" from Animosity but it intensifies three fold by the middle and end of the song. The album continues to shift from contemplative, to unrelenting fury up to it's conclusion.  Sevendust have been high quality metal-hardrock band from the get go and they only improve sonicly with each record.  Some fans are let down by Sevendusts new found diversity (songs that emote rather than assault are now in the mix) but a band like Sevendust who have weathered the changing times, the loss of friends, substance abuse problems among other things are still intact and aren't throwing fans a curve ball( deftones last 2 albums, and Korns Untouchables to name a few, even though they are great albums they were quite a bit differnt). Nor are they pulling a Godsmack, by belting out the same formula with each album, Faceless however is also an excellent recording.  True fans of the bands 3 previous records will be as pleased as I was and should not hesitate to pick this record up.     