 So you enjoyed "Calulating Infinity", and whether you loved or loathed Mike Pattons cameo on "Irony Is A Dead Scene" you're considering getting "Miss Machine"...Here are the facts, followed by a few opinions.  Dillinger Escape Plan have not lost their intensity, and their frantic and numerous tempo shifts still abound. Their propensity to throw an absolute rhythmic tantrum, just when you're about to figure out which way the song is going, remains.  DEP have been hurling these musical curve balls at their listeners for years and they certainly don't let up here.   Pressing play takes a little bravery after being startled the first time by the opening rant of "Panasonic Youth".  Every instrument sounds like percussion and vocalist Greg Puciato roars and screams bloody fury. The insanity continues with "Sunshine The Warewolf" a standout on the album for the sheer fact that it is equal parts heavy and high velocity. A marvelous feat.  The song comes complete with a "jazzy" and "atmospheric" breakdown which only serves to coil the song back up to full speed before the song stomps itself out.  At this point in the album theres only been a few surprises, such as the vocalists ability to veer from throaty roars and shrill screams to almost bass-y vocals not unlike Mike Patton (see the 2 fine Tomahawk records for evidence)"Highway Robbery" finds the band tinkering with traditional song structure (*add gasps and murmers of concern from long time fans here*)however catchy the mostly screamed partly sung chorus is, it's the errie crooning at the final corner of the song that really catches the listner off guard.  Whats more bizarre is that it works.  Make way for the ominous and decidedly industrial "Phone Home", I've read more reviews than I dare count calling this a Nine Inch Nails-type song, but I find it infinetely more vicious than Trent Reznor at his most malevolent. No disrespect to the master, but NIN haven't had this much rage since they penned "Wish" at the onset of the 90's.  "We Are the Storm" is a microcosm of the album as a whole. Accusatory lyrics bellowed at full force, highly erratic instrumentation, sudden pummeling breakdown, a passage of clean vocals and relatively traditional song structure and then an abrupt return to chaos.   Another album highlight, the hilariously titled "Setting Fire to Sleeping Giants" is a violent tirade with honest-to-God singing at the chorus. The guitars screech while the bass and drums thunder along after the chorus with such conviction it challenges you to sit still...even if you are in fact, oh say driving...So after the car accident, I picked up where I left off.  Where DEP could honestly be passed off as a differnt band from themselves comes on "Unretrofied", very little of the Dillinger formula is in evidence here. But it is a marvelous listen. The harmony-laden chorus is quite accessible, along the lines of (I could be attacked on the street for this but) Poison the Well or Killswitch Engage.  And while the verses may be growled at the listener, it never reaches the fever pitch violence of the vocals in other DEP songs. Have they sold out?...hardly, I somehow doubt we'll be hearing this in a Pontiac commercial. Having kept tabs on the band I would wager this is all in the good spirit of sonic experimentation.  So in summary, yes the critics will be divided on this album...sharply, which is good. The Dillinger Escape Plan have been challenging themselves and others for an age or two now, I suspect they have more ground to cover with their listeners as well.  Does the new vocalist work you ask? I'd say that he is the bands trump card.  He has everything a DEP vocalist needs with room to spare. More power to them for recruiting him. The production value is a notch up, nowhere near glossy but a blessing for someone with a trained ear.  I like the album, and recommend it to anyone (fan or not) willing to take a risk and listen to something very, very differnt from conventional music, above or below the radar.  Even DEP fans will be shocked here and there for better or for worse. Who knows, maybe it'll grow on the nay-sayers, it grew on me.      