 In 14th Century England, Queen Phillipa, wife of King Edward III, took a special interest in 2 little common girls.  They were the daughters of a recently knighted and deceased gentleman by the name of Payn de Roet, who served his Queen well.  The eldest daughter was taken into the Queens household, while the youngest was sent to a convent.  Her name was Katherine de Roet.  Katherine spends 5 years at this convent before her older sister Philippa (named for the Queen) asks permission for her much missed little sister to come to court.   By this time, a devout and gentle Katherine has unknowingly turned into a beautiful woman who turns heads everywhere she goes.  She is at court only a day when she catches the eye of Hugh Swynford, a rough and burly Knight who lusts after Katherine.  Katherine is no serving wench, so the only way Hugh can have her is to make her his wife.  Katherine wants nothing to do with him, but she is penniless with no dowry to offer, and Hugh would have her anyway, so the match is the best Katherine could hope for. At the time of her marriage, she meets the great and powerful John of Gaunt, the Duke of Lancaster.  He is the Kings third son, and upon looking at Katherine, he begins to slowly fall in love with her.  But he is married to Lady Blanche, and Katherine departs Windsor to live with her new husband in Lincolnshire. Katherine and John meet again a few years later, upon the death of their spouses, and the greatest medieval love story of all time takes off.  They are completely obsessed with each other, and John knows he could never live without her, yet he could never marry her.  Katherine is a commoner, with no Royal Blood.  Because he needs to expand his power, he marries the Princess of Castile, all the while keeping Katherine as his mistress and raising much controversy throughout England and beyond.  She bears him two children, considered to be Kings Bastards until years later when John makes a shocking move to marry Katherine and legitimize her children. Thus begins the start of the Famous Royal Family, born of a beautiful and poor peasant named Katherine de Roet.  gde     