 Ok, this is a review in progress. I'll edit and expand it as I get further. Got the game, install went smoothly. Tried to get it to run, got OpenGl error. Figured this was a video card driver issue (yes, I've installed high-end-graphical games on my system before) with my NVidia TNT2 64 card (32 megs). Download updated drivers. Still doesn't work. Download DirectX 8.1. Still doesn't work. RTFM. Read the manual. Or, in this case, go check out activisions website support page. Right at the top of their incredibly handy list of top solutions is the fix. I need to edit my win.ini, to remove a single line. That done, I need to tinker with a couple other things, specifically setting my virtual memory and setting my screen resolution to 640 and 16 bit color. Mind you, the game doesn't _play_ in 16 bit 640x480 color, you just need to get your desktop to that setting before playing. Set it back after you play. The weird thing now is: I start the game, I get a grey screen. That screen lasts for 15 minutes (I kid you not). Then the game starts and runs beautifully. No crashes. No glitches. Smooth and sweet. But, before then, I need to customize my desktop, end task everything, and wait 15 minutes. This is, btw, a 750 mhz system with 256 megs of ram and a 32 meg vid card. So I'm finally playing. It's sweet. You start as a prisoner, escaping from detention (great premise. Lots of games don't explain why a top-of-the-line soldier would start a fight with a knife and no friends. This one does). The detail is great. You can smash things (flags, chairs, radios, alarm boxes). You can sneak up and backstab people. You can move things (chairs). You can eavesdrop on conversations. You can read letters you capture. You can snipe. You can play "guess how long I have to hold the grenade so you can't kick it back". You can kick a grenade back. It's got great graphics, and they aren't slow, or grainy or anything. My girlfriend turned off her movie and came over to watch the game. Her words: "maybe I should learn how to play this". She's never played a computer game before. The AI seems pretty smart. Ducking, using cover, working in teams, running away when hurt. So far, it's a total win, once you get past install. When you have trouble, try the website for tech support. It rocks. Regards, Indra     