 I'm going to offer a radically different point of view on this movie, because I believe a _lot_ of work got put into an aspect that other reviewers seem to be neglecting. Not to say that they are wrong, I just think that they are focusing overly on the obvious, and missing the incredible work put into the subtleties.  When I have heard the story of Moses, I have always thought there was a side missing. I've always wondered of Pharaohs role, wondered why he did what he did, what he felt of Moses, what he stood for. I wanted a story to be told that would see the world from _his_ point of view. After watching this movie, I have to laugh at how many people believe this to be simply a Moses story. After all, Pharaoh was _also_ a Prince of Egypt. From the beginning, as we see Moses introduced to his (toddler) brother Ramses, we see the boys raised together. As Ramses and Moses race chariots together, we see the bonds of two brothers. When Ramses is raised up and honored by Pharaoh, his first action is to appoint his brother Moses chief architect. You can see how closely tied they are, but you also see how desperately Ramses longs to please his father. Eventually these two bonds will tear Ramses apart. When Moses returns from wandering in the desert, the first action of Ramses, who has become Pharaoh, is to welcome his brother, and pardon him of all crimes he may have committed. Moses' first action is to return the ring symbolizing his position as Chief Architect (symbolizing much more than that to Ramses, I am sure), and command Pharaoh, in front of the entire court, to obey his God. One cannot help but wonder: If Moses _asked_, would his brother not have given him anything? If Moses had not made it so public, would he have gotten his way? I find myself wishing Moses had given his brother a chance. It seems pride runs too strongly in them both. It quickly grows clear (as Ramses uses the words he learned from his father "I will not be the weak link!") how trapped Ramses is by his father's expectations. Expectations that he can no longer ever wholly satisfy, now that his father is dead. Trapped, unable to bend, unwilling to change, you can see the tragedy inherent in this story. And when Ramses' son dies, his desire for revenge makes sense. His desire to blame is not something you read, it is something you feel with your gut. What parent, remembering their child small, imagining him dead, cannot feel for Ramses, and understand his rage? Imagine his pain, losing his brother, his nation, and his son. The image of him, on the rocks at the edge of the Red sea, with the waves blocking him, having lost everything, crying out to his brother, will stay with me for a long long time.  Oh, and by the way: the story is several thousand years old. The facts are unclear. I think this was a truly insightful look into events that are usually portrayed much more simply, and as such, is immensely more interesting than a typical story. This may be disguised as a kid's movie, but it sure isn't!  Indra     