 OK, if you can afford it, this _is_ the camera to buy. It's easy to use, it's fun, it's intuitive, it takes great pictures. Save up, buy this one. First of all, notice the swivel design? This means that no matter how you hold the camera, you can see the LCD while you take the picture. Over your head, for when you are in a crowd. At knee level, for taking pictures of your grandchildren. Twisted backwards, you can take self portraits while seeing yourself on-screen (this makes for some very nice pictures!). You can look at the camera in your lap, point it in any direction, and take pictures of people without their realizing it. No more rigid poses. No more uncomfortable expressions. The 995 features incredible macro capabilities, allowing you to take pictures of flowers or rings (ebay time!) from under 2 inches away! The detail you'll se is amazing. It also features a 4x optical zoom (very nice, the 990 only went to 3x) and ISO up to 800, which is very rare with a digital camera. Evening photos are now a possibility without a flash. About the only people who I would recomend not upgrading are people who already own the 990. The 995 is lighter than the 990, the flash is directly above the lense (the 990's flash was to one side, making shadows from the side), the flash is a pop-up, virually eliminating red-eye. The differences are small enough you can just wait till the next camera comes out to upgrade. I would recomend saving  bit of money for accessories, though. A 100 meg memory card is very nice (1078 pics at lowest resolution, 7 at full TIFF), an AC adapter is handy, a card reader might be nice for long photo shoots. You won't need spare batteries, unless you are away from power for a very long time, the camera comes with rechargable lithium batteries (2 hours of life, with the LCD on! VERY nice), so you'll save money there. The batteries seem to charge very quickly, and will last even longer if you use the viewfinder instead of the LCD. Can fit optional lenses, but I haven't had a chance to play with that yet. Let me give you a parting example. I took a picture of a silver ring. When I expanded it, I could see myself in the ring. I could read the 1 inch high words on my shirt. In real life, my reflection was about a millimeter high. You will LOVE this camera. Indra     