 I grew up exposed to role-playing games, and my major problem was that I could never find anyone to play with. Especially since a game required 4-6 hours a week, every week. I wanted to play, I read a lot, sometimes I even started campaigns. But, unfortunately, I could never find enough other people to get involved. Everquest is the solution to that problem. In the old days, you had one person who built the world (a DM or GM), and four to eight people who played in it, when they were all available. Now we have a company that builds the world, and 400 thousand players who play when they want to, for as long as they want to. Finally, you can get out and play, and play whenever you have time. The worlds are huge, they are beautiful, and there are both other players to meet and places to adventure. Downside? Well, if you've never played a fantasy game, you are going to be massively confused. If you've never played a first-person shooter, you are going to have some trouble. If you have a 56k modem, or an older system, this will be pretty hard for you, the game works much much better on a powerful system with DSL or Cable modem. When you play the tutorial, you might be tempted to put the disk back in the box and ask for a refund. Don't. It defaults to some really crummy graphics (pre Doom quality), but those can be turned up and improved. Once you get into the game, you are going to want to use F10 to get the full-screen view of the world. Now is when things start to shine. On a good system, in full-screen mode, the game is visually on a par with quake. If you get the expansion pack (shadows of luclin), your graphics will be much better, but you'll need a better system. It moves fast on my DSL (internet connection speed makes more difference than system speed, and graphics card makes more difference than ram), I suspect it would be a drag on a 56k modem. The best things about the game? 1) Lots of choices for class and racial type, including evil ones like drow, trolls and ogres 2) Great graphics, when your system can support them. 3) LOTS of other people playing. 4) Play when you want to, for as long as you want to. 5) HUGE worlds. 6) A lot of online sites that have maps, discussion boards, etc. Good player support network. 7) A company that is CONSTANTLY releasing patches and updates. They patch this game every week! They put a TON of work into keeping this game running, and running smoothly. The worst things about the game? 1) Really hard to get started. Everything from default graphics, to figuring out how to do stuff, this game is rough on the beginner. 2) The game does seriously focus on going out and killing things. Alternatives like quests exist, and they are pretty extensive, but most quests are "go kills something and bring me the body" quests. 3) Carpal Tunnel Syndrome. This game is seriously addictive, and if you aren't careful, may start to cause problems. 4) You will spend more time playing than for most games. 5) Can run on a lower-end platform, but really isn't worth it. Will make you want to upgrade. 6) DSL or Cable a must. This is the original game and the first two expansions, packaged together. I'd definitely recommend it over the jewel-case only version, which is just the main game. The graphics improvements that came with the expansion make it worth the extra cash up-front. Everquest has a small monthly fee, which is per user, so if a couple people in the household want to play, that fee can add up.     