 After I found Mary Doria Russell's "Thread of Grace" an excellent read, I went back to her first work hoping for the same reaction.  Though the whole premise of this book is highly inventive, interweaving the progressiveness of the Jesuits with the idea and reality of travelling through space to contact other worlds that exist, I found the execution of the action to be plodding.  Initially, I thought her characters were well drawn and certainly believable. I actually walked away wanting to talk personally with all the members of the crew who went on the voyage. And, as the center of the story, Emilio Sanchez is a work of psychological brilliance.    But, as great as the characters are, if the movement of the story does not complement them, they will end up average and that's how I rate this novel at its completion.  Personally, I found the pacing uneven; at points I skipped whole segments of pages because I couldn't stand to read another word in the "martian" language or another technical description of how they were going to land the ultra-light.  I also thought that with the huge build-up to landing on Rakhat, there would be something there that was just as inventive as the mission before the landing.  I was completely unimpressed with this "other world."  In the end, I thought Emilio's story told in the year 2066 was the most compelling part of the novel.  To witness the effects and try to understand what happened on this botched mission from his perspective was fulfilling and interesting and it made me feel true compassion for this man. That was the genius in this work.    While the research involved in getting all kinds of details correct, including the inner-workings of the Jesuits to the engineering and technology, was amazing, I think MDR relies on that too heavily.  She and her characters really shine when she relies on her knowledge of people and the way they work.  That's why Emilio and his lessons are what I can take away from this story.  In the end, was it a good read? Yeah. Will I read it again? Nah.     