 WHO AM I KIDDING!?! I GUSHED!!!  I HAVEN'T CRIED THIS MUCH SINCE "GRAVE OF THE FIREFLIES"!!!   Chobits is a story that went form an interest to an addiction and finally an obsession for me in a matter of a week.  The series gives the viewer plenty of time to enjoy each character for their own traits.  Many of the middle episodes could be seen as fluff and filler.  But somehow in this story, all of the vacations, errands, idle chit-chat, and meals together create a broad snapshot of everyone's life together.  The viewer doesn't just get told that certain characters care for each other, it all gets acted out.  In doing so, the audience virtually becomes a member in this group of friends. The series creates a delicate social environment between the main characters (Chi & Hideki) and all their friends.  The constant threat of destruction of this environment has kept me hooked from the beginning.  As the story nears it's end, the threat becomes more real.  Even Chi's ability to stay functioning has been at the mercy of the simple flick of a "secret switch".  What started as a simple perverted joke at the beginning, became the strongest example of the fragile nature of love and life. The final episodes add a level of intensity above any typical love story.  Science-fiction aside, the love theme becomes very human and could be thought of as an allegory to many interracial relationships in our own world.  Anyone who has had a difficult time with family/friends accepting a relationship with differences (i.e. age, race, culture, language (personally, mine fits'em all)) could easily relate with Hideki.  Watching him deal with his conflicted feelings toward Chi hit home way too hard for me. I've seen many comments on the web complaining about how predictable the ending was.  I admit, it may as well be, but it was still worth it.  Even after watching the entire series a second, third, fourth... time, I still find it impossible to maintain my composure in the end.  There is so much more to this series than knowing the ending.  The story is full of themes just begging to be understood and learned from. The Chobits series is definitely one to watch together with someone you love.     