 I've watched this series in its entirety four times and I'm still trying to find a way to react to it...  Maybe I can describe it as a disturbing masterpiece.  There are millions of ways that this series could have easily and foolishly ended.  But what we got was the most honest result of the situation.  We weren't deliverd a "wait for the OVA" cliffhanger.  There was no "Haha! Just kidding! They weren't actually related!" moment.  What we get as an audience is "This is what happened, now deal with it."  The final episodes mark a firm punctuation at the end of a masterfully paced story.  The few loose ends are so well placed that I myself don't care about what I haven't yet learned.  After each viewing I'll be spending weeks pondering what it all meant.  Why all of the focus on the signs?  Why the focus on smalltalk?  What kind of symbolism is trying to come across?  For me, that is what a great story is supposed to do.  Good storytelling delivers the audience to a world away from their own and, for the scope of the story, allows the audience to spectate for a while.  Great storytelling infuses itself in the observer's mind, affecting one's thoughts long after the story itself comes to a close.  Technically, Koi Kaze is 325 minutes of an odd love story depicted by simple Japanese Animation.  For me, it has been months of pondering, soul searching, love, loathing, joy, and pain.  Any time I've watched or re-watched an episode, I've experienced new joys and chills from different scenes.  Koi Kaze has been an intense diversion from normal for me.  I usually stay with simple romance-comedies or other up-beat type stories.  Once in a while I lean toward the scary or bizarre but this series sways into the bizarre with a seriousness unfound in any context.  Add to that, it's all handled tastefully.  Part of me is wondering why this series hasn't been a scandal for Geneon.  I'm sure that if Anime were a more popular medium in America, this kind of show would spark spark a huge uproar.  I'm sure that this series maintain a fringe status and highly polarized audience for quite a while.  Recommended for open minds only.     