 Heads-up warning: this series earned its 16+ rating with flying colors.  Moreso than any previous Pioneer (Geneon) DVD series. That aside, introductions go well.  These first four episodes are the beginning of a bizarre ride involving intergalactic war, horny junior-high schoolers, one very perverted hottie teacher, and how & why an android designed for war becomes a house maid.  Sound convoluted enough?  Good... I find nearly all of the characters so far to be quite enjoyable.  I'm saying nearly beacuse the perverted teacher leaves me a bit turned off.  For me, the less seen of her, the better.  I have to knock a star of this series on account of her, Sorry.  She is funny though. We first meet Mahoro, the retired combat android. She handles her existence  quite lightly and shows no fear, often revealing that she had indured much more hardship in battle.  Though she became a maid, she often asserts her opinions when she deems necessary (dirty thoughts?).  It's also revealed that her reasons for becoming a maid are not simply to take on a humble lifestyle.  Suguru Misato doesn't seem to be much different from Mahoro, even though he is human and has never seen combat first-hand.  He is not a super hero, but he exihibits excellent leadership skills under pressure.  He also has a lot of brotherly respect for all of his peers, treating even Mahoro as an equal.  This is a breath of fresh air for me.  Even though their social positions elicit an obvious superior male ruling over a subservient female.  Their actions contradict that every step of the way. Their band of friends round out a somewhat stereotypical cast, but not too poorly.  Many of their quirks are interesting and funny.  From a raging food-addict to the jealous "other guys" there is definate energy about them.  One gets the feeling that these friends have been together for a while and will be willing to help each other out in times of need. This looks like it's going to be a series that will pull no punches.  There will be no scene too perverted (well.. kind of), no pun untapped, and no emotion left alone.  Every episode ends with a morbidly somber countdown timer right before the credits. All indications show that this story, as funny as it is, may not be as uplifting as it seems. That being said, to anyone not willing to accept that, I advise you avoid this series and go watch Disney's "Little Mermaid", no matter what Hans Christian Anderson origionally wrote.     