 At first I thought I was dodging a bullet by avoiding this series.  At first I was annoyed that it was included as a cross-over plot with XXXHolic.  Obviously, at first, I didn't know what in Sam-Hill I was thinking!  While I have no background on the CCSakura series except for some brief glimpses of the Saturday Morning butchering of the Anime.  I think that I have been able to grasp the connections of the characters relative to this story.  At first I was worried that the only way this story could be enjoyable is if I could experience some nostalgia from older Clamp series.  Considering that I have only read Chobits, I was prepared for a certain level of dissapointment when Chii appeared with furry cat ears.  Now that I have actually read the story... I find I had nothing to fear.  Although the relationship between Sakura and Syaoran is introduced in a meager 12 pages, I was still able to grasp the sense of innocent love beyond social barriers type of story quite easily.  Which makes some of the later events of the story (especially on Vol-2) much more painful to observe.  I enjoy finding stories that don't require me to choose between drama and action.  This series carries a fair balance of both.  The combination of Kurogane, Fai, and Mokona make for most of the comedy.  Fai, taking on a role not unlike Yuko in XXXHolic as being the wisest and most carefree person in the group.  His constant pestering approach to the more intense Kurogane cracks me up every time.  I can almost hear the shrill voice that would be used on Mokona if this series was ever animated.  Hopefully if Sakura awakens from her sleep her character will be fleshed-out a bit better.  I'm looking forward to seeing how they all deal with taking care of someone who is basically an amnesiac.  The idea that she will be able to recover every memory except one also adds a hint of bitter-sweetness to the story that makes me almost fear reaching the conclusion.  This will definately be another series that I plan to follow to the end.     