 Psychologists refer to it as "Genetic Sexual Attraction" and this series investigates it from the first-person point of view.  Many Anime/Manga stories have had hints of incestuous relationships for comedic or even to heighten the erotic tension of a pornographic tale.  Koi Kaze, on the other hand, looks at the emotional end of the bargain.  Most of the characters are genuinely plain and unattractive.  As far as I know, there isn't a single frame of fanservice.  All that's left is a disturbingly human story of forbidden love.  This is a series that could have been acted out in live action but I'm sure something would have been lost in that context.  What's presented here is just enough of a slice-of-life series to keep the characters in the realm of reality, yet artistically askew enough to allow the viewer the illusion of safety in the believe that it is not "actually" happening.  The seemingly watercolored backgrounds almost give a sense of unrolling an old silk story scroll and the animation is just enough to bring it to life.  In the end, I'm left depressed and a bit uncomfortable with the humanity of it all.  Koshiro, the male lead, is a man who has truly hit rock bottom.  He has reached the point where he's so indifferent to the people around him that he even treats his (ex)girlfriend like a stranger.  Yet, for a moment, the bright eyes of a young girl help him to see that it is actually spring time.  Problem being; it's those same eyes that lead to a much greater downfall in the story to come.  More often than not, it's stories like this that make me appreciate Japanese Animation so much.  Through simplistic artwork a subtle characters comes an emotional intensity that can't be matched by any level of violence or noise that the mainsream often delivers.  There might not be much room for a story like this in the American market.  The faint of heart and anyone from the "moral" right should steer clear.  But, for anyone else open minded enough to accept a bitter dose of reality.  This story will hit where it hurts.     