 This DVD opens with an episode showing the male lead (Koshiro) paying the price of his actions by his own selfish internalization of the entire situation.  What starts as deep guilt becomes denial and quickly segues into misdirected rage and jealousy.  His little sister (Nanoka) is still quite aloof and for the most part is simply trying to get along with the big-brother that she had missed so much over the years.  Though, upon repeated viewings, I start to wonder where is the actual moment when she falls into her own complex.  Eventually some of the past returns in flashbacks of their parents divorce.  Rumor has it that one Japanese television broadcaster wouldn't even air the "Frosted Dew" episode because the depiction of the divorce was seemingly more taboo than the overall theme of the show.  To me, the situation is depicted hauntingly too real in ways that I'm not ready to discuss in public forum.  Aside from that, the characterizations of the younger siblings makes for the most endearing moments of the series as a whole.  The sequence involving the cup of mud (sand?) makes the present-tense story that much more hurtful to continue watching.  Again the psychology of the characters is delivered in full force.  The majority of the internal monologues belong to Koshiro. It often indicates that he's more than a shallow perv that simply lusts after his nubile sister.  Though as I continue to watch, I get the feeling that this guy's karma is so intensely bad that he is just radiating angst.  So much so, that his coworker/friend (Chidori) is having a hard time trying to figure him out.  When Nanoka shows up to deliver an envelope and stays to visit her brother at work, the discomfort is cranked up a notch when Chidori notices an almost swooning look in her eyes.  It's almost as though she nearly has a grasp of what's occurring yet she suspends the situation in her mind in disbelief.  Honestly, Chidori is my favorite character in the story.  Though she is merely an acquaintance to Koshiro, she is more successful at being Koshiro's sister-figure than Nanoka ever tries to be.  While her character carries some of the free-spirit-fem cliches (*chug*chug"PAAaahh" anyone?) she is well rounded and offers great emotional support to her befriended coworker.  I'd even go as far to say that she's the type of person I'd like to have as a friend.  This series does not apologize for what it is saying.  No rationalization is offered.  In fact, it's the weak, irrational, and extremely human mind that's being depicted here.  There are situations where we can only punish ourselves, and often that punishment is often the most harsh.  I'm personally left wondering about how many times I've tried to superficially justify my own failures in life.  I can't help but recommend this story as an amazing character driven psychological drama.  I haven't even gotten into the stream of symbolism scattered throughout each episode and the Op-Ed credits.  Nothing compares...     