 How many appliances and kitchen devices claim they will streamline preparation, enhance foods and recipes, be easy to clean, even to be so darn wonderful that you'd want to start a catering business just so you could use the product all the time?  Well, I don't know about the catering business, but this cooker is the best of the best kitchen appliance, device, tool, anything having to do with cooking.  At my house, it's used every day. Construction is what you'd expect from this price:  thoughtfully designed, quality materials, quality fit and finish, well put together, and the retractable cord is great.  If you can operate a toaster you can operate this (and the learning curve is about the same too).  There's no setup and ease of use couldn't be easier or more foolproof.  Many appliances and kitchen devices I've bought over the years didn't become part of my cooking routine because often they were too tedious to clean up after, but there has never been an appliance or kitchen devise nearly as easy to clean up after than this.  It takes about 5 - 10 seconds. This cooker is great for making complete meals - as well as rice, porridge or rice soup.  The recipe booklet only has 12 recipes, but it demonstrates the diversity that's limited only by your creativity.  Some examples from the booklet are:  Jambalaya, Wild Rice with Mushrooms, Curry Flavored Rice, Vegetable Rice, Adzuki Bean Rice, Creamy Grits.  This cooker is very forgiving, rice is always perfect.  Most of the rice I cook with is organic, I've used this cooker for:  Wild Rice, Black Japonica, Wehani, Brown, numerous types of jasmine and basmati.  For variety I've added vegetables, several types of lentils, green or yellow split peas to various rice dishes and they've all come out perfectly. Oh, the product description states the cooker can handle up to 3 cups of dry rice, it means the provided 175 ml cup, which means about a maximum of 2 1/4 cups or 525 ml of dry rice.  Things to ensure perfect rice:  wash rice 1 - 2 times, fluff right when the buzzer sounds and the "Warming" light comes on.  This cooker does way more than "just rice" and it's an appliance that will earn a permanent place on your kitchen counter.  [...] Enjoy.     