 If you haven't, you should order a copy of Donkey Gospel by Tony Hoagland. Sweet Ruin is now out of print and offered only as a black and white reprint. Sweet Ruin won the 1992 Brittingham Prize in Poetry and Donkey Gospel the 1997 James Laughlin Award of the Academy of Poets. Both are slim volumes of poetry by a poet who displays a disarming conversational tone that rises to the ear from each line, studied and punctual. I admire meaning before the lyrical, and brevity, while not absolutely necessary, is something that when well done, can be striking. Vignettes would best describe these poems, if you could also include the epiphany of sudden revelation as part of the definition, along with the act of confession, except that the priest is talking to you before you confess, revealing all those things that you knew were just human failings, things that would make you stronger once dressed into daylight for examination. And Tony Hoagland does that to you in a wonderful tone of voice, as if you were an old friend talking to him on your back porch. Two things that would make him dear to you are his lack of sentiment and his ability to leave a conversation open-ended, something that did not have to be finished right now, maybe something that would never really have a finish, but would just remain as a careful thought you could go back to and examine in more detail when you had the time. One thing that will make him not so dear is perhaps the fact that there is nothing new in his poetry. The themes are all common. The people are all people that you know. Their emotional misdirection is your own along with all their false starts and stops. The only exception is that Tony Hoagland has taken all this apart, the people and the places, and studied each carefully before putting them back together.  He has studied all the business of the ordinary person who stares back at us in the mirror wondering about all the business of their life that hangs in the reflection in small ungathered moments. These he presents as concise bits of pain with romantic underpinnings sometimes rising into view: natural in tone, as common discourse about common things, written as best one can possibly put down the spoken word in type; something to savor for when we have weighted ourselves, once again, too heavily with all that expectancy in the mirrored face.     