 When you see a review that calls Sid Vicious the singer, or Johnny Rotten the bassist, click the button that says the review isn't helpful, and move on; Don't even finish reading the review. There's an old Steve Martin bit where he sings "Criticize things you don't know about..." The uninformed have no business telling someone else what to avoid.  "Never Mind The Bollocks..." is a coarse, horrible-sounding landmark, a real document of one of the most brilliant bits of showmanship ever caught on tape. The songs are loud, hostile, aggressive, and so in-your-face that it is impossible to ignore; it simply had to end soon; nobody can keep up that kind of ferocity for long.  First the negatives; these are four misfits who had no place in the world, but had a good idea of what they wanted their music to be. Losing Glen Matlock was the first mistake, even though they never would have found the notoriety they did with him. John Simon Ritchie was a no-talent addict who covered up his shortcomings by being the most vile human being anyone could be, cutting himself on the arm and across the chest; he took a smashed light bulb, and twisted the jagged edge into his left forearm, causing him to wear a thick bandage around his arm, and his lifestyle brought on constant infections. This self-mutilation was often done on stage. His ever-exposed chest showed a matrix of scars of various shapes and sizes, and his upper body was riddled with many, many needlemarks. The black circles under his eyes betrayed his lack of rest and his basic irresponsibility in his life; and changing his name to "Sid Vicious" only added to the image. In the studio, his bass parts weren't even recorded by him; they were overdubbed by guitarist Steve Jones, and Glen Matlock,except maybe the two selections that featured his name in the writing credits, and maybe not even those. Sad but true, his legacy is one of death and destruction, having stabbed to death the one woman in the world, apart from his mother, who actually loved him; Nancy Spungeon's body was found under a sink, crumpled into a sanguine, bloody mess as he was led away in handcuffs, spitting and cursing at reporters, and further adding to his image as that of "bad boy." And he WAS bad. Released on bail, he died of an overdose shortly after. His was a truly Hellish life, and as awful of a man as he was, I have a glimmer of pity for him. How can someone allow theirself to become this?   But this band was an incredible powerhouse, a monster unleashed into the world in the late 1970's, when the music scene was turning into a commercialized shell of its former self. Their one "official" record, "Never Mind The Bollocks..." was a great counterpoint to this virtual neutering of the industry. Even though the sound is a little muddy, it is as good as any of the hard rockers out before it, or since. John Lydon's (stage name: Johnny Rotten) voice is this strange combination of rant and this element that I've never been able to define, it's almost like something that Jesus would've driven out of demon victims in the Gospel stories. It's one of the strangest voices I've ever heard, and that's saying something.    The songs  themselves, are about social interactions ("Problems", "Submission") the troubles they have had with record company exec's ("EMI"), etc., but the real surprise is the pro-life stance in one of the most violent sounding performances ever, "Bodies."  The material is just a rage, which, at the time, was unparalleled, even by the violence made famous by The Who. This is hard to picture, but if you ever see a film clip of the Pistols, particularly from the Glen Matlock era, and one of The Who from about 1964 or '65, there are a lot of similarities. In fact(this is useless trivia),When Pete Townshend wrote "Who Are You," it's about the night he met Paul Cook and Steve Jones, both of whom called Townshend "a great old geezer."  This is not pleasant music, and sometimes it can only be appreciated a little at a time, but it is a real watershed moment in the history of rock.       