 This was my favorite LP for a lot of years when I was younger. It's the story of an unfortunate little boy who never got to know his father, was exploited by his family, abused by relatives, comes out of that, rises to celebrity status, and even though he loses it all, he regains his spirituality, and drifts off into infinity, his spirituality in tact.  I think a lot of people are lost on the concept of pinball, and its relationship to the Tommy story; the song "Pinball Wizard" was thrown in towards the end of the recording sessions, because the whole work, as good as it was, needed a "hook" to catch people's ear, right away. The idea of someone becoming a pinball champion, idolized and revered, is pretty typical of society's desire, and unfortunate need, for someone outside themselves to admire. This is not to disparage someone like Tiger Woods, he's a great golfer, but look at how popular and successful he is, just for hitting a little white ball into a little hole, with a club. It's a difficult skill, one that I don't have, and if he enjoys it, and makes a really good living at it, more power to him.  Now, transpose this concept to an autistic person who can't see or hear, but can keep a pinball game going, better than anyone else; it's got to be almost supernatural, God-inspired. The rallies and championships depicted in the film version rival any televangelist appearance, with that "freak-show" element thrown in for good measure.  After his "miracle Cure," he is now a modern-day Messiah in the eyes of the public, they all covet his standing  as someone who overcame the most debilitating circumstances imaginable, and they want to be like him. He foolishly starts to believe that he is all they say he is, and his own self-absorption, combined with his followers' resentment of him for not being what they expected, brings the whole empire down, in ruins.  The depth of this material is offset by the innocent quality of the music, a loud, violent band like the who, playing a mostly quiet double-length recording, was a departure, the choir-like harmonies are pleasing to the ear, while the songs depict a boy witnessing a crime, and being told he didn't see it, or hear it, he'll never tell anyone about it, his subsequent isolation, safety from the world, in silent darkness, a horrifying way to live.  It has traces of optimism in it, the strongest line in the whole piece, being, "I have no reason to be over-optimistic, but, somehow, when you smiled, I could brave bad weather."  That is a powerful line, and can be used in anyone's life.  So don't let the detractors fool you; this is an excellent body of work, performed by a genius band; far-fetched storyline, lots of really grubby little sub-plots, seedy, disturbing images in the lyrics, but the fade-out is a prayer that can be directed at any deity, fading off into the distance, leaving you with the silence of your own thoughts.  A common mistake made by fans of The Who, is the one of "Tommy's Holiday Camp" being written by Keith Moon; it wasn't. While the music was being recorded, and Townshend was trying to explain the story line to the others, he asked John Entwistle to write "Fiddle About" and "Cousin Kevin," due in part, to Entwistle's super-dark humor in his lyrics, for a little comic relief, and Moon had the idea of Tommy running a "Holiday Camp" like the ones they have in England. A silly song called "Cobwebs and Strange" was earlier credited to Moon, although it was developed by the whole band and given to him, so Townshend wrote "Holiday Camp," and gave the credit to Moon here as well, as it was his idea. And in the film and stage productions in the '70's what better person for the part of Wicked Uncle Ernie?   The unfortunate part of "Tommy's" success, was, is it was SO popular, that it was all the audiences came to see for a while, and it threw all four members of the band into disillusionment with their own success.  But, it all worked out, and we now have a brilliant piece of music, a timeless classic.     