 Pink Floyd, without Roger Waters, was unthinkable for many people, and this work has accomplished what "Momentary Lapse" did, only more so. At times, "The Division Bell" is simply awe-inspiring. Such a smooth sound, beautiful production, and Gilmour is one of the few who can make a guitar speak. His technique isn't all speed and dexterity; on his own admission, he can't play fast, and he has a "Sour Grapes" approach to such playing. But this recording proves his attitude to be correct. He can floor you with just a few notes.   There are a lot of older Floyd elements in this recording, without sounding rehashed, and to the long-time fan, it is comfortable, and a little reassuring. I once heard a live bootleg recording of them playing "Have A Cigar," from one of the 1970's tours, and "What Do You Want From Me" sounds a lot like this; in fact, at first, I mistook one for the other. I thought it was an early version, until the singing started. But, there's nothing that says a band can't borrow from itself. You hear elements from "Us And Them," with a garnish of "Comfortably Numb" in "Marooned," but this selection is reworked into a new piece that succeeds on its own terms. "Lost For Words" sounds like something that could have been included on "Obscured By Clouds," but the lyric content tells of Gilmour's troubles with Roger Waters and Waters' attutide toward the rest of the band. The sound of a boxing match in the background during the instrumental break, tells this story better than the lyrics do, though. They were polite to one another on the surface, but there was a real battle going on underneath. And it got downright ugly.  In all, though, this is the logical direction such a band as Pink Floyd would go, looking at everything they have done. People complain that it isn't the same outfit that made "Dark Side," "Wish You Were Here," "Animals," and so forth, but the Floyd of those days, wasn't the same as the Floyd that did "The Piper At The Gates Of Dawn," either. Yes, missing is the input of Waters, one of the best lyricists ever, with a bass sound all his own, but they recovered early on from the loss of Syd Barrett, and they even continued at the end of the 70's for a few years into the 80's without Rick Wright, as well. OK, Wright returned in time to finish "A Momentary Lapse Of Reason," but a band that lasts this long, is bound to change.  They're not the same, but we aren't, either.     