 There are three books out that I know of, by George Carlin; "Brain Droppings," This one, called "Napalm And Silly Putty," and  the newest, "Will Jesus Please Pass The Pork Chops?" I have the first two, and I learned my lesson with "Droppings."  Read it a little at a time, digest it slowly, and it's easier to take. The bulk of material in these books has been used in his live monologues, especially this one. The harshest critics say it's just old live stuff, rehashed; OK, I'll give you that, but I see it as a document to his work. Expect that, and it's not disappointing.   His live shows are about an hour or so each, but to sit through one of these books in one sitting, will take up more than that, and then you start to lose sight of how good his material is. The vulgarity is way over the top, and when you understand that his social commentary is a reflection of what's out there, put through the wringer as Carlin does, anyone can see it's not always pleasant; in fact, it's crude, nasty, and in spectacularly bad taste.  I saw him in person about a year and a half ago, and some of what I read in my two books was used in the show, as well as a good bit of his "Grievances And Complaints" program from HBO. He does some familiar material in the small venues, while honing the new material for the HBO shows, to be taped at the bigger places.   Personally, I much prefer the style he used in the 1970's on his records before the HBO days. I loved his appearances on the "Tonight Show," when he substituted for Johnny Carson, the monologues were par excellence, and even when the material wasn't funny, per se, this was intentional. His style has evolved over the years, it's gotten a lot more harsh, and even the sound of his voice has gotten harder. He comes off as a bitter old man, but he's been around the block many, many times, and has earned his right to cuss out the rest of us, I get what he does, he throws the junk at the world that it throws first, and I don't think other reviewers got it when they say he decries capitalism, then sells rehashed material, talks about death with a cavalier attitude, and then says he wants to be kept on life-support, at all cost. He's a comedian, a commentator on the human condition, and even though he says he wants no part of it, he IS part of it. I share his disappointment with our failed species, and I think we all, at some level, root for the things he seemingly cheers for.  As you read any of the books he's written, just know that here's a guy who has a lot of righteous contempt for the failings of humanity, and has the nerve to push that envelope, to its extreme.  Nobody else can say, "Simon says, go F**k yourself," and get an honest laugh from an adult audience.      