 A lot has been said in these reviews, and "Meddle" is obviously one of the more popular efforts by the Floyd. I bought it twice on vinyl, once on cassette, and then on CD, but I sat on it, breaking it, so I bought it again. Willingly each time.  The cover art is a play on words; if you look at it from a distance, you can see it's a close-up of an ear, with the surface of water superimposed over it. Hence, "waves of sound." These things come up in Floyd covers quite a bit, if only you take a minute to study it.  The music, although only six selections, pretty much runs the gamut, from menacing ("One of these days, I'm going to cut you into little pieces!"), to soft borderline romantic; the words to "A Pillow Of Winds" show Waters' ability to assume any role he pleases in his lyrics, and Wright and Gilmour are the perfect vehicles for delivering his lyrics. You are shown optimism and perseverence in "Fearless," even with the much criticized sounds of a stadium full of soccer fans singing "You'll Never Walk Alone" appended to the ending, it's still a good, well-made song.  As popular as "Meddle" is, the two most hated Floyd songs ever, "San Tropez" and "Seamus," follow, sort of a diversion from the majesty of the opening numbers, I guess one can call it a "breather. "San Tropez" is a light jazzy number, and if you didn't immediately recognize Waters' voice, you'd never know it was Pink Floyd. It's not that it's a bad song, it's just not what people would expect from such a progressive Pink Floyd release. The guitar solo is played almost like Hawaiian slide, and the piano solo at the end, is like something from 1950's jazz records. It's well-done, but very much maligned by casual fans, and some more serious fans, as well. "Seamus" is a slow, lazy blues number, not much substance, and the howling dog in the background has gotten some funny reactions by house-dogs; they don't know where this imaginary dog is, and go crazy trying to find it.  The highlight of the record, and by many, many accounts, their collective career, is "Echoes," probably the most-played FM radio request in history. At least when FM radio was worth something. I guess I shouldn't make such a blanket statement, but every facet of the entertainment industry has been so polluted with useless, flash-in-the-pan junk, that I know, myself, I don't bother listening much anymore. "Echoes"  is a multilayered opus the took up a whole side of the original LP. If you are into "expanding your consciousness," this selection can do it naturally. I've always held the conviction that Pink Floyd is an "anti-drug" band. Yes, a lot of their fans like to get stoned, or "trip" on certain substances, but the thing about this type of band, and this band in particular, is you don't need any of that, all you need is some imagination. If you can think in pictures and concepts, performances like "Echoes" will take you on a journey, from the tranquil seascapes hinted at in the beginning part, to the ornate, colorful images conjured up in the "funky" part of the instrumental. The art of the segue is mastered here, when you hear this fairly simple rhythm, peppered with guitar and organ interplay, fade into this  formless "abyss" of swirling noise, with truly creepy, shrill, I don't know what to call them, high-pitched "calls," I guess, in this grey fog, no signs of life otherwise in this void, so desolate, so full of nothing, and the gentle return to the surface, droning keyboards, the "pings" from the intro come back, with this rhythm accompanying it, the anticipation is almost tangible, when this explosion of sound comes at you, almost a "jump start," and you're back into the verse, the chord progression follows, taking you to what I call the "take-off." The band is playing softly, and these voices fade in, at least they sound like voices, maybe voices mixed with wind, not sure, slowly encircling you, getting louder as the instruments fade away, and off you go, into the Cosmos, and it all slowly fades into nothing. And you stay wherever it takes you, until you open your eyes.  With this stuff, who needs drugs? That would just spoil it!          