 This is such a sterile sounding recording, not a lot of life in it, but looking at what it is, it holds up well. All the original master tapes were accidentally ruined during the recording process, forcing the band to re-do it all, the whole story is in Nick  Schaffner's book called " A Saucerful Of Secrets: The Pink Floyd Oddessy."  The first half of Side One is comprised of parts I through V of "Shine on, You Crazy Diamond," dedicated to founding member Syd Barrett; this song is often criticized for the band, and particularly Roger Waters, capitalizing on the troubled life of Syd Barrett. The first stand-out guitar part, those four notes at the beginning of "Part II," are remembered by David Gilmour as having this sad quality to it, and he has said that he instantaneously thought of Barrett when he first heard that little motif that he made up. And Waters wrote those words, and it all just came together.   Dick Parry returns from the "Dark Side" sessions to play saxophone on "Part V," which segues into the eerie, gloomy, "Welcome To The Machine," a song about alienation as well. The lyrics discuss success, but it's in an artificial world, where they "(tell) you what to dream." The falsetto vocals on any other song would be very annoying, but they add to the mood here, one of preconceived ideas, and pre-measured success.  The second half of the program opens with "Have A Cigar," and Roy Harper featured on lead vocal. Trying to do the vocals, take after take, on "Shine on...Part IV" left Waters practically unable to speak, let alone sing, so Harper was hired to sing here, and does a nice job. It's about all the cluelessness of record company exec's, and the band's first encounter with one of these people. In the middle 1960's, Syd Barrett was the one who got all the attention, he was cheif song-writer, did most of the lead vocals, and had the "Pop-Star" good looks that attracted many girls into their fan-base. So the snazzy record company exec wanted to cash in on them, blowing smoke, telling them that they were fantastic, and wanted to know "Which one's Pink?" This same concept made it onto the film of "The Wall;" Geldof's character's name is "Floyd Pinkerton," hence the name "Pink Floyd." As an aside, in the film, you can see this when the boy is looking through a drawer full of momentos from his father, who was killed in World War II. The scene where he's trying on his dad's uniform in front of the mirror, there's a paper signed by King George to the soldier named "Pinkerton." Of course, the real story of how the band got the name "Pink Floyd" is a different one altogether; the name was created by Syd Barrett. And no, there's no person by the name "Pink Floyd;" if anyone tries to tell you otherwise, they are full of it. The only person named Pink Floyd is the guy in the movie, and that's just a nick-name and stage-name, not even real, anyway.  "Have A Cigar" shapes itself into the title track, "Wish You Were Here," ironically, one of the Floyd's biggest hits. I say ironic, because it is about as anti-floyd as it gets; strumming basic guitar chords with a simple melody, almost a country song, and lyrics that could've been written on a greeting card. In fact, the original release back in 1975 did come with a postcard, it had a picture of a guy diving into some water with hardly a splash. I've never been too sure of why this picture, but it's an interesting photograph, anyway.  This fades into howling wind, the background to the second half of "Shine on, You Crazy Diamond"'s intro. It sounds like New Age jazz, very progressive, very cold. It forms into "Part VII," a reprise of "Part IV," with Waters singing again.(I kind of prefer the way Gilmour sang it on "The Delicate Sound Of Thunder" and "Pulse.)   Listen to "Part VIII," and tell me that doesn't sound like The Alan Parsons Project. It has all of the elements of a Parsons recording, even though it's only the guys in Pink Floyd playing it.   Which brings us to the closer, "Shine On, You Crazy Diamond, Part IX." It's slow and dirge-like, plodding beat, somber piano rhythm, and a haunting melody on synthesizer as lead instrument, Barrett's fade-out into obscurity.  On the whole, this work has all the warmth of an iceberg, but it falls into the premise of the piece; the idea of being alienated and isolated. Not my favorite, but I do like it a lot.        