 It seems this CD, and the DVD, are the products David Gilmour fought for all these years. Doing most of the lead vocals, playing the bulk of the guitar solos, and having longtime bandmates Nick Mason and Rick Wright on the stage with him, with no apparent conflict within the band, and possibly the biggest, most elaborate lightshow in history to compliment the sound, are all elements for the end result of decades of wrangling with others, often with frustrating results. Given, Roger Waters was, and is, a superior songwriter and conceptualist, but missing in his work is the texture his former bandmates added to it. But, this isn't a review about Waters. This is about Gilmour, Mason, and Wright, the auxiliary musicians, and this stellar document.  I attended the Pittsburgh leg of the "Division Bell" tour, in May of 1994, and as good as the video and sound of the CD are, it's not like seeing this spectacle in person. The show I saw opened with "Astronomy Domine," and this really surprised me. In an interview I read in a magazine once (can't remember which one), Nick Mason said he loved "Astronomy Domine," but for the life of him, he couldn't picture David Gilmour, in dignified middle age, shreiking out Syd Barrett's lyrics about the I Ching and interstellar exploration to an audience, and being taken seriously. Of the four men who played on the original version, we now only have two (Mason and Wright), and a slew of others, and I can see why some purists would be a little miffed at this. It's Syd Barrett's song, and Gilmour wasn't even a member of Pink Floyd when it was written. But, Gilmour has remained Barrett's friend over the years, and it was a nice gesture to commemorate him with one of his most successful songs on the biggest tour his former band ever embarked on.  The sound quality on this disc is loud and clear, just like the show. It's a tri-parteid event, the first part using familiar material at first, focusing mostly on what was new material at the time. The set closer, "One Of These Days," doesn't have the bite the "Pompeii" video had soundwise, but it is the single most mind-blowing part of the show, with the possible exception of the show's finale. Oscillating lights, liquid projections, lasers, smoke, explosions, and huge, evil-looking inflatable pigs with boars' tusks peering out of windows built into the top of the stage backdrop, more than make up for the smooth, lifeless tempo of the song as they have grown to play it. It's not supposed to "swing" as it does here, but in this case, the song's tempo is incidental. It is just an excercise in excess. In fact, the whole show is a triumph of excess.  As others have said, part two of the show is the complete "Dark Side Of The Moon." The show I attended, didn't have this; they only played five selections from it. So, listening to the CD and watching the video, gives a one a rare treat, most of the original personnel playing their biggest-selling LP, all the way through, and it's a real treat. But I have to say, even though the original will always have something subsequent versions lack, the definitive version of "The Great Gig In The Sky" is the one heard on "The Delicate Sound Of Thunder" video. I don't even know if this is still available, but it will change the way you listen to this piece. Originally called "The Mortality Suite," the vocal was developed by Claire Torry for "The Dark Side Of The Moon", on instructions to sing wordlessly about the spectre of death. And she really delivered. The "Pulse" version is good, but the one I keep going on about ("Delicate Sound..."), features vocals by Rachel Fury, Durga McBroom (on this tour as well), and Margaret Taylor. Taylor's performance will absolutely FLOOR you. That's all I can say about it. No description.  They added a funky section to "Money" for the live shows quite some time before this tour, and some people really don't like it. I like it, and I like it without that section, as well. Can't pick one over the other, though, I just listen to them and appreciate them on their own merits. "Any Colour You Like" is a return to the days when they played London's UFO Club, and even though the visuals are just some swirling lights, it's the same thing they used in the old days, and it's just a pleasant jam session, two chords back and forth, very relaxing. Over the years, Waters has been on the receiving end of my criticism over his singing abilities, but on "Brain Damage" and "Eclipse," his presence is missed. Gilmour's voice is technically superior, but he doesn't sing this with the same conviction as Waters. This is the reason no material from 1977's "Animals" is included on this, or "Delicate Sound."  And I felt the visuals here took from the music. It is a song about losing one's hold on reality, but the clip shows the world's politicians in stock footage. Yes, you can say politicians are insane, but this takes away from the nature of the rest of the piece. We're all just one bad day away from our heads "exploding with dark forbodings." And "Eclipse" is another one tailored to Waters' voice. But the whole piece would suffer without it. In all, though, they did a remarkable job.  The third part is the encore. The same running order as "Delicate Sound," but a little more in the production. The audience sings along with "Wish You Were Here," but they render a version of "Comfortably Numb" that is in a class all its own. This is Gilmour's chance to let his Stratocaster speak to you, one on one. A song you can just get lost in.  And of course, "Run Like Hell," the grand finale, just completely envelops the stage and audience in light and sound. Not one of my favorite songs, but they play it well. Again, missing is that voice only Waters can deliver, but the production as a whole, more than makes up for it.  This has been a lengthy review, and I could have made it even more so, but I do need to have a cut-off point. I read review after review about Gilmour's laziness, and Waters' control issues, and Mason and Wright being only window dressing, and most of these people just want to love one camp and hate the other, but I consider myself a true Pink Floyd fan, and have been for well over thirty years, and I like some Floyd works more than others. Some don't hold up, but "Pulse" is an appropriate ending to one of the the most influential collective careers in the history of contemporary music. And, the reunion at "Live 8" closed the book on a good note.   One of my all-time favorite bands. Ever. Good work, gentlemen!     