 If I were to rate the packaging, I would have to agree with the reviewer who complained about the way it was made, I've had the discs fall out several times myself.  But it's a beautifully packaged and recorded document(in its appearance and sound) that I listen to constantly.  One problem I have when I look at the roster of talent, is I'm reminded or our own mortality; so many of these people are now dead, and the era that followed can never replace what was here. That could be good, though, they all sound so alive here, enhanced by one of the best bands ever to grace a stage.  As an aside, I wonder why people call a death  "passing away," or just "passing." They didn't "pass," they died; there's no shame in saying it. Richard Manuel, Rick Danko, Paul Butterfield, Muddy Waters, Carl Radle, and Pop Staples are all dead; go ahead, say it. I don't think they'll mind. Nobody flinches at the word "suicide" when talking about Richard Manuel, but let Rick Danko peacefully drift off in his sleep, and he "passes away." These things have always puzzled me.  Back to the music; it's all good, so much talent crossed that stage that night, the audience had a real treat. The Band's songs cover such a wide spectrum of topics, and I understand the guys resenting Robertson's appropriation of the writing credits, but these are men who have definitely walked the walk, and because of that, they are certainly able to talk the talk. You can hear the heartbreak in Rick Danko's delivery of "It Makes No Difference," and the effects of the hard life in Richard Manuel's voice in "The Shape I'm In," and even more so in "Acadian Driftwood." His voice here is hoarse and ragged and PERFECT. Levon Helm summed up Manuel's demons quite well in in The Band's "Authorized Biography," and in his book, "This Wheel's On Fire." He said "That's between him and his Higher Power, and I've always tried to keep from having too much of an opinion about it." He is still shaken over it this many years later, you can see it in the video, because here, he just clams up, takes a big drag on his cigarette, and looks off somewhere into the distance. I can see in him a sense of betrayal by one of his closest friends, and the knowledge that it will always hurt.  This is relevant to "The Last Waltz," because there was a sense of brotherhood with these guys, from the beginning, all the way through, until huge success started to splinter that element. They were so good, and to watch this, knowing that these five will never grace a stage or studio in this form again, has the feeling of ending, of winding down, and being forced to say goodbye when you don't want to say goodbye.  Even though the sequencing is out of order, and there were a few omissions from the show, it's still a magnificent document of one of the greatest live performances of the era, one of the best.     