 "Ummagumma" is a watershed recording by this influential band, a pretty good document to the live shows, and a look into what they were all about, individually, in the studio.  The live disc, disappointing only by the inclusion of just four selections, and no ability to see the live production on stage that was as much Floyd as the music was, is still a really good thing to listen to; the way they developed the original "songs" into these soundscapes, is all you need to expand your consciousness, it's not "drug music," it's an anti-drug. All you need is a little imagination, and a dark, quiet place to listen, and you will go places you've only imagined. "Astromomy Domine" is the hats-off this record gives to original guitarist Syd Barrett, playing it fairly true to the original, with an expanded instrumental break that quiets down, to feature only Rick Wright on Farfisa organ, and I would think this has some really spectacular visuals in the light show, sadly not available here. There was talk of including "Interstellar Overdrive" on this disc, and I'll spend the rest of my life wondering why it wasn't.  A lot has been said about the rest of the live recordings, how much people in general prefer the live versions over their original counterparts, but I can't pick sides. Every version of all four of these performances has something to sell it over the others, "Astronomy Domine," "Careful With That Axe, Eugene," "Set The Controls For The Heart Of The Sun," and "A Saucerful Of Secrets," all are masterpieces, and these versions do not disappoint.  The studio recordings are just self-indulgent experiments, each member of the band being given carte blanche (spelling?) to do as he pleases. The most impressive sounding, as I see it, is Wright's "Sysyphus." An error in the CD formatting has the second half of Part One being titled as Part Two. They split Part One, and Part One actually includes that thundering piano solo. Part Two is actually that noisy piece, with all the screechy noises and double-tracked piano, and if you listen, the piano parts are being played by reaching inside the piano, and plucking the piano wires, like playing a harp. That gives it that "twangy" sound; it's not normal, anybody can see that. Part Three, on the original vinyl LP, is the quiet, relaxing section, Wright playing mellotron, organ, vibes, bass, and slide guitar,and adding the bird chirps and waterfall sounds, it's so serene, and then... Part Four comes out of nowhere, so loud, so sudden, and as you reach around the room trying to find your heart (because it jumps out of your chest at this point),the tympani and cymbals seem to go on forever. When the music (and your pulse) settle down, an eerie sounding swirl of layer upon layer of organ music is the center of attention, devoid of melody, growing louder and louder, until you start to hear a reprise of the theme of Part One, and it closes with a rendition of the opener, played in the most exaggerated, gothic sounding bit in the whole set. I think it's spectacular.  The original LP has Part one being the beginning theme, including the long, thundering piano solo. Part Two is the "noisy" part, sounding like John Cage, or something weird like that. Part Three is the quiet part, and Part Four is the loud sudden part, through the end.  Roger Waters contributed two numbers, the idyllic "Grandchester Meadows," two acoustic guitar parts played by Waters through overdubbing, and he does the two-part harmony vocals the same way. It's quiet, relaxing, you can almost see morning sunlight, dew on the grass, birds in the trees, just a gentle ballad. This, of course, segues into "Several Species..." I'll let the reader read the whole title off the CD label, or from other reviews. What is it with Waters and long titles? This is nothing more than an experiment in recording techniques, the sound of birds at the beginning being the only real animal sounds. The rest is tape-loops that Waters made of his own voice, sped up way past David Seville's "Chipmunk" speed, and it puts The Beatle's "Good Morning, Good Morning" in its place. It's a spectacular sounding bit of studio work, a masterpiece in itself. I won't even try to describe the "rant;" it's practically indecipherable.  David Gilmour's contribution (that's "G-I-L-M-O-U-R) is the three-part "The Narrow Way." The opening part is just a feel-good shuffle on acoustic guitars, with some light percussion and some synthesizer work to break it up. "Part Two" is a repititious Black Sabbath-type riff, with lots of REALLY STRANGE noises piled on top, obscuring the melody, fading into a single, oscillating note. This begins "Part Three," one of the only two real "songs" on the disc. Gilmour has never been proud of his abilities as a lyricist, and it shows here; the vocals are mixed way down, and the lyrics aren't even printed in the packaging. That said, he shows what a good all-around musician he is. He did all the vocals, all the guitars, organ, piano, drums, and bass himself. A lot of people seem to like "The Narrow Way" the most.  Nick Mason's bit, "The Grand Vizier's Garden Party" is one of the most under-rated pieces in the Floyd catalogue. Although he's a drummer/percussionist, Mason is a classically trained violinist. How well he plays violin is yet to be seen, but he has a knowledge of music theory. He wrote the melody to "Part One (Entrance)," and had his wife, Lindy play it on flute, you can hear that it's two parts recorded separately, and edited together, and Nick then treats you to a collage of sounds("Part Two: Entertainment"), some are drums, some are other things, with a bizarre, tuneless melody, probably a mellotron, in the background. The middle section is so ominous and creepy, it could be a horror movie soundtrack. Close listening will show that it's the "Part One" melody, played backward. He brings it back to earth with various drum and percussion sounds, and what makes this remarkable, is this was all done with analogue tape. There's no "sampling" here, it's all done by splicing tape (This was, after all, 1969). He then climaxes the piece with a multi-layered drum solo, and even though it is over-dubbed, it shows abilities that he doesn't get a lot of credit for. "Part Three: Exit," is a reprise of "Part One," only with a little more complex arrangement, courtesy Lindy Mason on flute again.  Disc two is not a commercial effort, it's just a chance for the four talents to do as they please, and I think they all do a fine job. Even if you don't like Avant-Garde experimentation, the live portion of this release alone, makes it well worth your time.     