 This piece of history is truly like a meteor; it appears out of nowhere, burns brightly, causes people to notice, then is gone. In many ways, there was only one real King Crimson  line-up; this one. The shame is, it burned out so quickly, but this is a brilliant record from a truly meteoric band. The first thing to get the consumer's attention is the cover; Godber's painting is one of the most horrific images to ever grace a record's front cover. The cartoonish quality is all that keeps someone from screaming at the sight of it.   The first impression one gets when listening to this is, "What IS this?" The insane fury of "21st Century Schizoid Man" is almost unrivaled, the furious percussion, the free-form jazz in the middle (subtitled "Mirrors"), the tight, Zappa-like part that breaks this roller-coaster ride up, and that heavily distorted voice, which sounds technically awful, is just right in this case. With ugly images of death and torture in the lyrics, a "normal" voice would've been anti-climactic.The ending is about as close to an in-the-studio explosion as I've ever heard. Now stop, and catch your breath.  This leads to "I Talk To The Wind," soft, poetic, a nice breather after the opening work-out. A nice touch is Greg Lake's double-tracked vocal, he sings perfect overdubbed two-part harmony with himself, about being alone; the only thing to hear one's words, the wind, carries them away, and even it doesn't hear.  "Epitaph" is my personal favorite on this disc. The mellotron is the instrument par excellence on this piece. The morbid imagery in the lyrics conjure up large tombstones, morning fog, life's meaning, if it has one, and fear of the unknown. The instrumental, titled "March For No Reason", is slow, somber, plodding, and downright chilling. By the time you get to the ending segment, the subtitle "Tomorrow And Tomorrow" starts to make sense, the last line of the refrain repeating into infinity, as the music keeps getting heavier and deeper, tympani accentuating the truly Gothic sound, swirling around the room, until you are transported to another dimension.  After a few moments of silence, the opening bars of "Moonchild (The Dream)" part the air, ever so gently, a delicate beauty hanging ghost-like, suspended as the moon in the night sky. The absence of a bass on this song, I think, makes the sound more complete, it hovers in the air as intended, where a solid bottom end in the sound, would anchor it, ruining the effect. Interesting is the effect of Greg Lake's cupping his hands around his mouth to make that hollow sound that gives the vocal that special touch I feel is needed here. Part Two of "Moonchild" is called "The Illusion," a long rambling bit of improv, that is widely criticized for being "too long." When you consider that the band was running short of usable material during the recording process, and use a little imagination while listening, this part becomes just right. It is reminiscent of the moon's journey through the sky, in the dead of night, quiet, slowly progressing toward the first ray of morning sunlight. No, it's not too long, it's just right.  This set ends with the title track, "In The Court Of The Crimson King." This is the real hit from this collection, the lyrics telling of Medieval days, the King's Court, but with a supernatural element, frightening images conjured up with references to the "Fire Witch," and the like. The first instrumental is subtitled "Return Of The Fire Witch," a delicate passage featuring a light solo on flute, and you'll see that this is a showpiece for Ian McDonald. "Dance Of The Puppets" is a sparse flutelike arrangement played on keyboard, but McDonald plays organ, piano, mellotron, flute, and clarinet, as well as anything else I may have missed, along with Fripp's guitars, Giles' drums and percussion, and Lake's bass, as well as Lake and Giles singing two-part harmony throughout. I should mention here, that even though Pete Sinfield doesn't play any instruments, his lyrics earned him a place in the ranks of the band. The false ending is an interesting touch, someone not knowing any better would reach for the "off" button, but wait; "Dance Of The Puppets" teases you into knowing it isn't over, and then the Coda comes in, loud, heavy, a Grand Finale, and then "Whoosh!"; It's over. Just like that.  And, with that, you have just experienced one of rock's greatest moments, to the tune of forty-some odd minutes of a band that shortly after, broke up for good. Sure, Robert Fripp released many King Crimson records, but only one with the original line-up.     