 At my risk of appearing insensitive and boorish, read the lowest ratings of this great film, look at how they are worded, notice the poor spelling, the outright hostility, and you will see the character of the type who disparage this kind of drama.  It's not about the Bible, and it's not even about Jesus; they are secondary elements in this story of a very troubled woman with a history of medical and emotional problems, and an act of unconditional love, on her part, as well as the Savior's. I believe one of the aforementioned reviews calls leading lady Demi Moore a "trailer camp bumer" and they say she was "choosen" to save the world. What's a "bumer?" And how is someone "choosen?" This is what our High Schools turn out, year after year. That can be even more frightening than most movies. There's no "trailer camp" here. She and her husband live in their own home, and rent out a room above the garage. And it's not above some landlords and/or landladies to root through someone's belongings, wrong as it is. She is a seriously flawed human being, flawed, but in the end forgiven. She's not a particularly pleasant person, but why should she be? To sell more movie tickets? ("Moore" tickets? I just kill myself sometimes!)  Jurgen Prochnow is an interesting choice of actor to portray Jesus, namely because he doesn't look like Ted Nugent. And at no time in this film is he called by name. "Fundies" who would like to nit-pick will tell you that this is inaccurate, because he didn't return on a great horse, and didn't judge the world; didn't make himself seen by the whole world at his arrival. There is nothing anywhere that says he can't appear to somebody to see them through a hard time in their life, in preparation for the "Great White Throne Judgement." He was ready, but willing to back off if anything could avert it. And, why not a regular, nondescript woman for the fate of the world to hinge upon? That kind of reasoning would think, "What? A stable? The King Of Kings wouldn't be born in a filthy stable!" When you listen to someone criticize, consider who is criticizing, and how they are doing it; it puts the whole argument into perspective.   One scene, a very important scene, one that any "Christian" should take note of, has the Jesus character visiting the retarded boy in his jail cell shortly before his scheduled execution. This was obviously a death-penalty state, the law of the land for a capital crime prescribing capital punishment, and while this condemned boy was praying in his cell for forgiveness, Jesus himself appeared to him. And without a word, he placed his hand on his shoulder, looking at him as an understanding father would, as if to say "I know your heart, and I forgive you." It's a moving scene.   It's not the events themselves in this story that should be seen as central, the timing of such events could arouse interest in observant people, and in this story, it would be God's creation suffering "labor pains" as the character portrayed by Demi Moore was experiencing said pains.  The imagery in this film is a character itself, central to it as any of the actors, scenes of dead soldiers and civilians a reminder of how "evolved" we are in today's world. There's a lot to be taken from this film, if you would only watch it as a story of sacrifice and devotion, and not one of religious dogma.  As a P.S.; The last book of the New Testament is called "Revelation." It's singular, there's no final "s," it's "The Revelation To John," if you want to get technical. It's not called "Revelations."     