 This was probably released with the same intent as "A Saucerful Of Secrets," an attempt to get some Floyd product out there, as  the idea of Pink Floyd continuing without Syd Barrett was still a shaky idea. There has been some criticism of "Relics" over which material should've been included; myself, I have no problem with two selections from "More" being included, except that in 1969 or '70 ( someone else said '71, not sure), when this came out, "More" wasn't a "Relic" yet. They could've left these tracks off, and included "Point Me At The Sky," and maybe something like "It Would Be So Nice," something like that. But, "Relics" is a pretty good cross-section of what they were doing at the time, and since I read the review from the person who is enamored with "Julia Dream," it has been going around in my head, too. I've always loved those ethereal melodies, and dream-like sound effects, the heavily reverbed sound they had a penchant for at the time.   The real rarities here, are the original versions of "Careful With That Axe, Eugene," and "Biding My Time." OK, "Eugene" isn't as heavy and eerie, like on "Ummagumma," but it shows the early Gilmour era in fine form. I think the best version of this is the one they retitled "Come in, number 51, Your Time Is Up," from Zabriskie Point." That is creepy and menacing. "Biding My Time," on the other hand, is sleezy, raunchy, and borderline vulgar; not for the lyrics, but the bawdy quality of it, the horns are something out of a strip club, the band plays heavy-handed, over-the-top blues, you can almost see some dodgy, well-endowed stripper on a stage in a smoke-filled room, bottles flying, just a grubby, seedy atmosphere.  Included are some of the old Barrett singles like "Arnold Layne," and "Bike." The two halves of this song are necessary for the song to work, as a version was once released without the collage of sound at the end; no! It NEEDS that; it completes it.   "Relics" isn't a complete document of Pink Floyd up to 1969, but it is an entertaining, mix of good quality music by a really great band.      