 Howard Kaylan has to be the WILDEST sounding vocalist I've ever heard. It's hard to believe that's the same set of pipes that originally sang "Happy Together." The partnership between him and Mark Volman began with The Turtles, and continues to this day, two of the funniest guys in the world. And such strange sounding harmonies.  I think some people don't like this because they are expecting pure music, for music's sake. But I see this as a document to life on the road in the early '70's, as the sleeve notes say. This recording is a guided tour of the behind-the-scenes goings-on by this particular line-up of the Mothers, as well as what they put on the stage for their audiences, a "warts-and-all" depiction of the positive and negative sides of life on the road as these guys experienced it. Someone here said it tries to do what "200 Motels" did, only not as good, or something to that effect. I have to disagree; "200 Motels" was a combination of fantasy, comedy, and documentary, staged by the cast, crew, band, dancers, and extras, while "Playground Psychotics" is the real thing. And it includes script-reading for "200 Motels" as well. To listen to it from the beginning, you meet the guys in the band at an airport, at their destination, at a photo-shoot, in the hotel bar, their arrival at the venue of their performance for the night, and various on-stage and back-stage activities, part one climaxing at the Fillmore in New York, right through the encore section of the show that gave us "Live At Fillmore East, June 1971."  The second half is a little darker, you can hear it in the band members' attitudes toward each other, and their resentment of  Zappa's absolute control of the band. He and Mark Volman made many candid recordings of the band's conversations while touring, and I think Zappa was a really good sport, because these conversations were what fueled most of the dialogue for "200 Motels." And his "spying" on the band has been fodder for Frank's material all along anyway.  I probably should have given this a five-star rating, because the performances are killer every time, but some of the material seems to have worked better with other line-ups. The TERRIBLE vocals in the second part of "Concentration Moon" is a good example; because I "get" the point when a good band plays badly on purpose, sometimes something just doesn't cut it when it's technically correct.  Some of the humor in the banter between the guys, is decidedly juvenile, locker-room humor, and it can pull things down a peg or two, and on the whole, I really like this whole recording, but something I can't really explain just keeps me from putting a full five stars on it; maybe four and a half (three quarters?).  But, as long you know what you're buying, it is time and money well-spent.     