 This work is misunderstood, to say the least. The reviewers who trash this, are expecting a lot more, or something different. The "suite" that was on side one of the original LP, I thought was really great, and if I put on a headset to listen to it, sometimes I'll drift off to sleep. It's not boring, as some say, just some of the sections go on; I see that as "atmospheric." One thing about this creation, the band with the orchestra and choir, have played it live, and pretty faithfully, at that. I particularly like the part subtitled "Mother Fore," that gradual building up from droning organ chords with just the little "chip!" on the hi-hat, adding voice after voice, and when you think it has reached its conclusion, that prominent drum fill comes in, and, "aw yeah." It's got such an atmosphere, I get a nice cold chill in my neck when I hear it. The whole piece is excellent, as well. Side two, on the original LP, begins with "If," Roger Waters starting to come into his own as one of rock's great songwriters. "Summer '68" is typical Rick Wright lyrics, drinking, and one-night-stands. This doesn't have to be bad; actually, it's a strong sounding song, no complaints here. Wright can carry a tune, which is more than I can say about Waters' later histrionics(The Wall, The Final Cut, etc.). "Fat old Sun", on Gilmour's own admission, sounds just like The Kinks. I can picture Davies singing it. And the guitar solo is vintage David Gilmour (that's "Gilmour," not "Gilmore," by the way. Frequent misspelling of Gilmour's name is a pet peeve of mine.). "Alan's Psychedelic Breakfast." There's nothing psychedelic here, unless you notice the repetition of the spoken parts. It's three separate recordings of the same sentences, played at intervals. The music is quiet, relaxing, and pleasant on the first two sections, and fuller and more up-beat in the third section. The thing that makes this unlistenable, to me anyway, is "Alan's" atrocious table manners; I don't enjoy listening to someone slurp, gulp, and chomp their way through a meal, he sounds like the food is killing him; does he have a hairlip, and can't keep the food in? Some people don't mind it, but I find it grating, and in this case, a Pink Floyd recording that would've sounded a lot better without the "sound effects." Over all, though, it's a good record, even though Roger Waters did say "it should be buried, and never heard again."     