 First, let's be clear; this is not a Pink Floyd album, per se. OK, Waters, Wright, Mason, and Gilmour performed on this, but so did many others, not as auxiliary players either, like on "Dark Side" or "Atom Heart Mother,", no the "extras" here often played in place of the Floyd. But that ties in with the concept as a whole, because one of the major themes of "The Wall" is one of alienation.  Compare this, if you can, to other Floyd works, the better ones. The sound always had an ambiance that's missing here. One strong point in vintage Floyd, was the "melodic" vocals were done by Gilmour and Wright, and the "eccentric" vocals were done by Waters. The one exception is Nick Mason's only recorded lead vocal, that evil voice in "Meddle's" opener, "One Of These Days." He had a few spoken parts in "Corporal Clegg," but that was only in the background noise. He's just a drummer here, and didn't even do all the drumming, he shared it with Willie Wilson, among others. Most of the bass playing was Andy Bown, and since Rick Wright was all but out of the band at the time, most of the keyboard parts were played by Peter Wood. Most of the lead vocals are tuneless histrionic whining, for lack of a better word, by Waters, with lots of cliche'd "OOH, BABE"'s and such, it's really ear-rending. Bob Ezrin got a songwriting credit for "The Trial," but he wrote a lot of other material, with credit appropriated by Waters, as part of Ezrin's contract. A lot of the guitar parts were provided by outside talent like Lee Ritenour, with Waters strumming acoustic guitar on parts of it, and the orchestrations were Michael Kamen's work.  Apart from some fine guitar solos by David Gilmour, and his unmistakable voice here and there, this monstrosity doesn't even remotely resemble what so many earlier fans, like myself, have always loved about Pink Floyd records. And it's a shame, because it's obvious that a lot, and I mean A LOT of hard work went into this.  Another misconception is the idea behind "Another Brick In The Wall, Part 2." A lot of the themes of "The Wall" are Waters' own sore points, with some classic misbehaviors that can be traced directly to original Floyd guitarist Syd Barrett for fright and shock value. Scaring the crap out of a pretty groupie by destroying a hotel room, the catatonic trance-like dazes, the persecution complex, are all well-documented Syd Barrett episodes, and the bitterness of losing a father to the war, a dominating mother, having your creativity ridiculed by your teacher, and marital heartbreak are all things Roger Waters dealt with in his own life, and "The Wall" is a roll-call of all the things he has to blame in life for it being as miserable as it is. Back to "Another Brick..." . The education that he claimed to not need, is the poor quality indoctrination that the schools have always churned out in place of a real education; who would be against a real education? I don't care who you are, it's a nice feeling to learn something. "Just another brick in the wall" becomes self-explanatory, and it's two-fold; No brick in a wall is any different from any other, isn't that what all schools seem to want? And this wall is also the wall that the protagonist here is building up around himself to shut everything and everyone out. "The Trial" is the equivalent to a total breakdown, facing one's own deepest fear, in this case, the human inside being exposed as vulnerable. The wall was invulnerability.  This didn't get the full five stars from me, because it's just not a Pink Floyd record as I have come to expect, and that voice can be a little too much sometimes.     