 A lot of people didn't think Gilmour and company would (or could) do it, but they did. And, boy, did they! I can remember when Gilmour, Mason, and Wright took it on the road; it was all I heard about for months. I surprised a lot of people by not attending any of the shows myself, but circumstance and money didn't allow it to happen. So, I wound up getting the "Delicate Sound" recording, and the video version on VHS. And, of course, I played them to death.  A lot of this music doesn't sound very different from their studio counterparts, and I see why some would have a problem with this. But even the selections rendered note-for-note, have a different ambience to them, and the mood of these performances is conveyed nicely. Where some detractors say the band is only going through the motions, and Gilmour sounds and looks bored, I would have to disagree. I think he's relaxed. The video version shows the band at ease, smiling and laughing, apparently at some inside jokes, and just enjoying what they are doing. They are good, and they know it. Performing without their full compliment, sans Waters, they seem to be a lesser entity, but they more than make up for this with a stellar roster of support on this particular tour, in 1987-88. On "Momentary Lapse," Waters was replaced with Tony Levin, of King Crimson fame, and here, he is replaced with Guy Pratt. Nick Mason is playing drums, but percussionist Gary Wallis is drumming as well, and is adding all the little percussion parts. Rick Wright is playing keyboards as well as doing some singing (not sounding as good as he once did, but still enjoyable) here, and is backed up by Jon Carin, also on keys and vocals. Scott Page is playing guitar and saxophone, and the astonishing thing about him, apart from his killer sax playing, is he is probably the only rock musician in the world to have never heard "The Dark Side Of The Moon" before joining the band. What rock was he living under? Tim Renwick is playing rhythm guitar, as well as some of the guitar solos, and Gilmour gives him plenty of room to do as he pleases. This line-up is capped off with Margaret Taylor, Durga McBroom, and the stunningly beautiful Rachel Fury on backing vocals.  They go through the repertoire, seemingly by rote, but considering the scale of the production, there is very little wiggle-room. The first half of the set is largely material from "Momentary Lapse Of Reason," the new release at the time, the exception being parts I through V of "Shine On, You Crazy Diamond." There is an authenticity when Waters sings this, but he's not present. And I prefer Gilmour's voice on this song, anyway. They give you "Learning To Fly," "Dogs Of War," "On The Turning Away," "Yet Another Movie," "Round And Around," and "Sorrow," all played competently, but not very different from the originals, only the sound itself. But as I said earlier, the difference in the sound itself is worth hearing, especially if you pay attention to these things.  The second half delves into the vintage material, a good sounding "One Of These Days" kicks it off, leading into "Time," but for some reason, they left out the "Breathe Reprise." It sounds incomplete, because the last line says, "...Thought I'd something more to say...," then trails off. They go through the older songs, to the delight of the die-hard fans, but my huge disappointment here, is the omission of "The Great Gig In The Sky." This, as well as "On The Run" are on the video, but here, they are conspicuous in their abscence. Wright plays the opening bars to "Great Gig," and you see the women gearing up. Rachel Fury takes the first part, and does a good job, the music quiets down, and Durga McBroom takes over, gently singing the middle vocal. THEN! Fasten your seat belt, because Margaret Taylor sings the finale, and if the hair on your arm doesn't stand on end, and your eyes don't tear up, there's something wrong with you. I am really, really disappointed this isn't on the CD or the audio cassette. I'll never know why this was omitted.   And so it goes, until the encores, "Wish You Were Here," "Comfortably Numb," and "Run Like Hell." They are probably very tired of playing these songs, so many, many times, but the fans will always want them. And I still like them. Always will.              