 Many people have written reviews of this film, this version and the original, and NEITHER IS A TRUE STORY! The crimes in the original version are loosely based on some unspeakable acts in the 1940's and '50's by one Ed Gein, who had nothing in common with "Leatherface". Gein lived alone in his mother's house, like Norman Bates from "Psycho," after his father drank himself to death, his brother died in a suspicious fire, and his mother's poor health finally got the best of her. He nailed all the doors to all the rooms shut, except for the kitchen and living room, the bathroom, basement, and shed. (it was a large house)   His morbid fascination with anatomy, doubts about his own sexuality, and all the insane Bible-thumping by his mother all those years, as well as his own instability, led to grave-robbing, the grim decor of the house; arm chairs made out of real arms, bowls made out of sawn-off skull caps, and many, many more grisley details, which resemble the house in the original 1974 version of the film.  Sound like the "true story" of this film?  Not in the least. No remake or sequel has ever matched the impact of the original either, not by a long-shot. I hate most remakes, and it's a trend I really wish Hollyweird would abandon. With that in mind, I went to the theater when this presumed dud came out, because the previews looked interesting, this could be an exception; and it was. I had a little trouble with the "Blair Witch" element that book-ended this film, but given the trend of film makers today, I took it in stride. Missing was the old "Dick Tracy Rogues Gallery" quality that the original family had, Leather's brother in the original had that grimy look to him, he was the one your parents warned you about, none of that here. These people reminded me more of "The Far Side." Look at the women, the cat-eye glasses, one morbidly obese one ("My,my,my,my,"), her eyebrowless daughter, the daughter's lookalike brother; those teeth look like Bill Moseley's "Chop-top" character in 1987's TCM2, and the Sherriff (R. Lee Ermey). He was the drill instructor in "Full Metal Jacket," similar character, but now a boozed-up redneck, an odd bunch.   I haven't appeared to say many positive things about this film, but as far as remakes go, this is about as good as it gets. Some people whose day is about to get REALLY bad, is the premise of this. The corruption of the human condition, unchecked in a small backwoods town, where this near-mutant can do as he pleases, and law enforcement is only paid lip-service to, becomes all the more disturbing when you see five relatively normal people try to do the right thing for somebody, and find themselves on the receiving end of the unspeakable.  If, during viewing, you find yourself uncomfortable, this film was effective; it's not pleasant, it's not supposed to be.       