 I really didn't know what to expect when I bought this (on vinyl, in 1987), I saw the video of "Learning To Fly," and even though it was a good song, and it was well played, it was so cluttered looking and sounding, as I have been a hard-core fan of this band for many, MANY years, I was used to the four-piece band. Yes, "The Wall" had many extra people involved, but that was all a part of the concept of alienation, as well as the first overt signs that there was trouble in paradise. But, understanding that Water's grim song cycles and near total control of the band in the late 1970's and early 1980's, sort of soured the other band members' attitudes toward the band, this was a breath of fresh air. So, with a little trepidation, I went to Hills (the store that eventually became Ames), and bought my own copy.   "Signs Of Life" set a mood of anticipation, and looking at the really beautiful packaging, I felt I had made a wise purchase. I felt a little cheated, though, because the so-called "band photo" consisted only of David Gilmour and Nick Mason, standing back-to-back, in what looked like Preppy clothes, smiling at the camera, looking more like business partners, not band mates. And knowing that Mason was, at the time only a figurehead, long out of practice, most of the drum tracks were played, in fact, by Carmine Appice and Jim Keltner, sort of put me in another place. And with Rick Wright listed in small print as a session player instead of a band member, a saxophone player and two drummers, as well as a rhythm guitarist and various back-up singers all listed, there's a side of me that says "This is not Pink Floyd at all!" And with Tony Levin of King Crimson on bass, good a musician as he is (I love King Crimson, by the way), I just thought I wouldn't like this at all. "Learning To Fly" followed, and since I had already heard that song, I just kind of sat through it. "Dogs Of War" had some cheezy lyrics, I wasn't sold yet, so when "One Slip" came on, I thought "This is King Crimson, featuring David Gilmour;" that kind of bass playing has never been part of Floyd's sound, but "On The Turning Away" came on, and reassured me, I had made a wise purchase. So powerful sounding. Beautiful production, and a guitar solo in the same league as "Comfortably Numb."  I flipped the record over (this was the '80's, mind you), and "Yet Another Movie" leapt out of my stereo with that MASSIVE sound, all the ornate arrangements and sound effects in the mix, I thought "OK, Gilmour has just sold me; this is a fantastic comeback!" At first, I didn't know "Round And Around" was a coda to "Movie," but it is a really good outro, the mind's eye watching this behemoth lumber off into the horizon, setting the listener up for "A New Machine, part one." A little brief, and not what I, as a Floyd fan, am used to in a Floyd record, but I enjoyed the oscillation of Gilmour's voice, and the way the piece sets the mood for "Terminal Frost." As the first reviewer said, the arrangement, and overall sound, are chill-inducing. A mood piece, it's an instrumental that would probably be ruined with words. It's just fine as it is. So, along comes part two of "A New Machine, bookending "Frost," so you are now all set for the closer, "Sorrow." This sounds like the old days, moderately slow, mechanical rhythm, and it just flows from the speakers to fill the room with power, and trademark Gilmour solos throughout. Come the fade-out, and there you have it. Pink Floyd, but not really Pink Floyd, playing a Pink Floyd record to a skeptical audience, myself included, and Waters' comments notwithstanding, this is an exceptionally good record, especially when you consider the time it came out, when most popular music was just a shell of it's former self, and with Waters' departure, the had band lost a phenominally talented lyricist and conceptualist. I didn't think they'd be able to do it, but, as I said, one listen, and I don't regret buying it. And I don't think most other people will, either.     