 I gave this two stars, because the few and far between parts are OK. My favorite part was the "Find the Fish" segment. It was bizarre to the tenth power, and the two really awful parts are so well staged, that the work that went into them was commendable.  If you can sit through Mr. Creosote in the restaurant, you can stomach ANYTHING. And I mean, ANYTHING! This scene seems to have no purpose but to make the viewer sick.  I have always loved Monty Python; so many people don't "get" them, I do, and that is why it pains me to call this film "garbage." Even though I like horror films, I've always had a problem with dismemberment, it's something I really can't process, but when I watched "Holy Grail," even the sword fight came across as humor, the Black Knight's arm is on the ground, and he says "I've hurt worse," I get it. It's gruesome, but I see the absurdity. Throwing somebody down and gutting them as they scream, blood flying everywhere, is good fodder for horror, not comedy, and the scene here, the "transplant," simply isn't funny. It's gory, heartless, and downright repulsive. Awful.   Back to the restaurant; I understand that Mr. Creosote is the figurehead for the consumer in society, and the staff at the restaurant is money-grubbing element that will tolerate anything for a buck. Sometimes, I wonder which is worse, the fat, gross glutton who keeps eating when his body is trying to stabilize itself, vomiting to the tune of about 90 gallons, until it just pops open, showering everything and everyone in the room with offal, body organs and half-digested food, or the restaurant itself, for feeding this oversized wretch, and abundantly at that, the entire menu, twice and then some, oblivious to the mess that's accumulating; they turn a blind eye to his projectile vomiting on the floor, in a bucket, on the employees, on the menu, on the table, and on himself, because he's a good customer. I get the point, but it's not funny at all.  On the other hand, I have an inside joke with a fellow Python fan, almost as a secret handshake, we go "Ping!" and then laugh hysterically; most people are clueless. You'd have to see this film to get it.  The good parts to this mess are genuinely good, it's just the parts that aren't, are so glaringly bad, they make this film unwatchable.The very few good parts notwithstanding, this piece of garbage is better left unviewed.  "Can yyyoooouuu spot the fffffissshhh?" If you do decide to part with your hard-earned cash, this is the part that would change my mind. It's too strange to be funny, but it's a standout, just on its weirdness.  An addendum: I am obviously in the minority.     