 There isn't a lot to say about this record, positive or negative, that the previous reviewers haven't said already, this is a sampler of some choice material by the first two incarnations of Pink Floyd, the Syd Barrett era, and the earliest post-Barrett era. "Arnold Layne," and "See Emily Play," stand up well after all these years of decimation  to the whole music business (two words that have nothing to do with each other, if you think about it) by the very type of people who helped fuel Barrett's breakdown. Some of it was self-administered, but all that pressure to remain this Pop Icon, in such a destructive atmosphere, is enough to push just about anybody over the edge. And I think I speak for all REAL Pink Floyd fans when I say, I wish Syd Barrett well.  What makes this such an excellent audio experience, as noted elsewhere, is the reformatting of the material, the subtle changes in the mixes and arrangements, and how the running order takes the listener foreward and backward through time, all the while avoiding the overplayed commercial numbers; really, as good as "Money" is, it was a very wise decision to keep this type of material off. The early singles by Barrett, though "Pop" singles, were of the earliest period of the band's success, and they are a reminder of what fueled their initial rise up the charts, circa 1967, and they do fit in here. Justaposing "Speak To Me" onto "One Of These Days" is a clever move, just a little garnish of another song cycle to spice it up, beginning this set in the same method as "Dark Side," and it's a tasteful touch. Fading the cheering soccer fans' singing "You'll Never Walk Alone," which is the outro to "Fearless", into the opening guitar line of "Brain Damage (I still say it should've been called "The Lunatic" or "The Dark Side Of The Moon," far better titles, in my opinion)," sounds like a radio station played the two songs in a row, the seamless segue always a selling point of Floyd records, works here, as usual.  As well as remixing the tracks, one thing about this disc that helps it, is the superior sound of all the material. Original vinyl pressings of "Meddle," as good a record as that is, and others, for that matter, sound "muddy." So, in this set, all the material leaps out of your speakers with such clarity, the resultant sound is huge, and impressive.  Closing this set with the previously unreleased "Embryo," seems like an anticlimax, because of it's soft, rambling nature, but it IS, after all, early Floyd. This selection remained in the vault for so long, because it was intended for inclusion on "Ummagumma," but it just didn't fit into the format of that LP. Reissued on CD, with the same running order as the original LP, this becomes obvious upon listening to it; Disc One is taken from two excellent live shows, and Disc Two is self-indulgent studio experiments. Written by Roger Waters, sung by David Gilmour, and played collectively by the whole band in the studio at the time, it just didn't work. So, it sat in the vault, unfinished for fourteen years, until the right time came to release it. And sadly, this was at a time when Roger Waters publicly called the band "creatively dead." But "A Momentary Lapse Of Reason" turned the band into the fabled Phoenix, with the reinstating of Rick Wright, who left the band after creative and professional differences with Waters, and the next chapter of this legendary, trail-blazing, band of pioneers was set in motion.   In all, "Works" is a great-sounding, interesting collection of what I would call, "Works."      