 The Floyd was a mess at this point. David Gilmour was just hired by three of the members of the band, Syd Barrett was all but history, their direction was nada, the future was uncertain, and eventually, Barrett was fired, behind his back by the other three, at that.  "Saucerful" is a patchwork that is surprisingly good, looking at what was going on. The opening track, "Let There Be More Light," has Wright and Waters singing alternately on an early Waters composition, apparently about a visit from a mystical alien being, and his effect on people.  Rick Wright's "Remember A Day" is a left-over from the "Piper" sessions, a nice song about remembering youth, and wanting to be that young again.  "Set The Controls For The Heart Of The Sun," an early Roger Waters song, along with "Let There Be More Light," shows the degree of maturity he had achieved in his songwriting since "Take Up Thy Stethoscope And Walk." This song is quiet and moody, tension in the lyrics, the silence in the night while waiting for something to happen, even it is just a sunrise, something bigger than what this life has to offer, "the heart of the sun."  "Corporal Clegg" is one of Waters' first barbs at the war that cost him his father. Corporal Clegg is apparently some old drunk who only gets any recognition in his dreams, the song is loud, sloppy, and the mood is summed up perfectly by the solos being performed on a kazoo.  The Title track was the last they recorded in these sessions, and David Gilmour has gone on record saying that while they were recording this, he was thinking "This has nothing to do with music." And ironically, it's a track that he has grown fond of afterward. It's largely a tuneless experiment, with unconventional use of regular instruments, like putting a sensitive microphone really close to the edge of a large crash cymbal, and stroking and tapping the cymbal with soft mallets, to get those soft tones in the beginning of it, plucking the wires inside a piano, speeding up tape-loops of their own voices, hitting random notes on an organ, lots of these things, layer after layer, until you have a creshendo of noise, and let the bottom fall out. The second section is a tape-loop of a drum fill, played indefinitely, while the guys just bash on their instruments; running a microphone stand up and down the strings of a guitar turned up really loud with various effects boxes, slamming piano keys with fists and open hands, backward tapes of cymbal crashes, and lots of miscellaneous sounds, fading into the third section, just a deep, ominous rumble, with eerie, droning organ chords as a lead-in to the finale; at last, a melody. A slow chord progression repeats itself a few times, each time, adding something, until you have these angelic voices singing along with the organ and mellotron. It was originally considered filler, but they developed it into a completely different creation that they played on stage for years after.  "See Saw" is another Wright number, sad lyrics about siblings drifing apart as they get older, the dreamlike imagery of the music is pleasant, with these grotesque "things" , for lack of a better word, after each refrain, to offset it, I've never fully understood why they are in there, but I like them, anyway.  The closing number, "Jugband Blues" is a farewell from Syd Barrett, the lyrics betray his knowledge that his days in the band were numbered. Lines like "I must oblige to you for making it clear, that I'm not here," say that he knew they couldn't take him anymore, but he's grateful for their indulgence anyway. An interesting bit of trivia; Six members of the Salvation Army's brass band played the bridge on this song.  As I have said, this was a patchwork LP at the time, along with a few singles, to try and eke out their career, just a little further; Who would've known it would have lasted as long as it did?      