 The title came from the question-and-answer sessions that provided the selection of voices that are scattered throughout this experience. One of the questions involved the other side of the moon, "Dark Side" wasn't even the title yet, and the answer was, "There is no dark side of the moon, really; matter of fact, it's all dark." Who would've known those would be such immortal words?  This classic is about life, and all its pressures, and sounds REALLY good while telling of them. The beginning track, "Speak To Me," starts with a lone heartbeat, all you have at the beginning of your life, and the sound effects are sort of an overture to the main body of work, clocks ticking, voices speaking, talking about insanity and whatnot, a creshendo, climaxing with a truly creepy scream; is it panic? Fear? Pain? I guess it could be anything. This segues into "Breathe," an overview of life's pressures, toiling endlessly until death, "balanced on the biggest wave, you race toward an early grave."   "On The Run" is about paranoia, the term itself is British slang for such a state, the running footsteps, heavy panting breaths, the airport voice a reminder of always having to keep moving, and those swells that the synthesizer lets out, overbearing pressure to never stop, or they'll get you. The explosion toward the end is one of the most awesome things I've ever heard, worthy of a subtitle itself. And as the rumbling dies down, more footsteps and panting, the paranoid never rests, he is forever persued, often by his own imagination.  "Time" is rather self-explanatory, the passing of time is an awful thing, if looked at in hindsight, there's always something that should've been done, and at the end of each day, the sun and the earth are still the same, but you are "shorter of breath, and one day closer to death." "Time" includes "Breathe Reprise," a break, a chance to relax at home, and shut out the world, if only for a short while.  "The Great Gig In The Sky" is a highlight, featuring the wordless, often imitated vocal of Claire Torry, the song about the Spectre of Death, and the almost universal fear of it. Listen closely, and you'll hear the aside, "I never said I was afraid of dying." Although the original is always better, if you can find the video of "The Delicate Sound Of Thunder," pay close attention to this song. The part that Margaret Taylor sings, will raise the hair on your neck. This track was also called "The Mortality Suite."  "Money" is the biggest hit from this collection, but remember, "Dark Side" is about life and its pressures. Most marital problems stem from financial hardship, money problems will keep you awake at night.  "Us And Them," is Waters' indictment of political power, especially behind any act of war; the strongest line being, "'Forward!', he cried from the rear, and the front rank died." It's like the pawns in a chess game, these men are expendable, they occupy the enemy while the "important" people play from the rear. Very deep.  "Any Colour You Like" is just a loose jam, like they used to do when playing London's UFO Club. It's just do as you feel, ad lib, and as they said to denote it, "Any colour you like." It's an ideal intermission between "Us And Them," and the next selection.  ...which is "Brain Damage." It was originally to be called "The Dark Side Of The Moon," and I think they should've stuck with that. I guess they have their reasons. It's about an impending breakdown, the "lunatic" getting closer and closer, until "I see you on the dark side of the moon." Not of this world, not of this life, "spaced out."  "Eclipse" is the epilogue, a finale, the summing up of life, all that's in this life, all that was, is, and will be. I must admit to not paying attention to how deep the last line is, until many moons later; "Everything under the sun is in tune, but the sun is eclipsed by the moon." The sun is the source of light, energy, our livelihood. Ancient people thought it was God, because it is life-sustaining. Being in tune is just that, the harmony of everything working together, a finely-tuned machine, or more appropriately, a musical instrument. But the moon, here, is discord, the dark side is madness, stress, pressure, and insanity. During the eclipse, it's the dark side that faces us, all we can see and we are faced with all that makes us crazy, at least for a while. And the sun is eclipsed by the moon, regularly, fading into the lone heartbeat that began the piece, taking the listener back to his or her beginnings, with the reminder that "There's no dark side of the moon, really; Matter of fact, it's ALL dark."     