 This is the 1974 line-up of The Mothers, so far removed from the original band that paved the way, clear back in 1965, but still a stellar example of how Frank Zappa's music is to be played on stage, per September 22nd, 1974. The music is complex, with lots of arrangements, and even though there are only six musicians on stage for this performance, it sounds at times like many more. There is silly interplay between the members of the band, and as I said earlier, there are no original members of The Mothers Of Invention on these two discs, but, as talented as they were, I believe most of this material does push itself past the capabilities of the original line-up. This is in no way to disparage the original band, I loved what they did, all of it, but the chops the members of this particular band display, are in a league all their own; the definitive jazz-fusion line-up. George Duke, Chester Thompson, and Tom Fowler are a complete jazz combo themselves, and when you add percussionist Ruth Underwood and lead vocalist Napoleon Murphy Brock, with his abilities on sax and flute, this is an intimidating roster of talent. Frank Zappa has always used outstanding musicians in his touring and recording ensembles, and as I have already said, this is no exception.  This volume of the series is unique, in the fact that this is the only installment in the whole series featuring one band, on one stage, recorded on one particular day. All the others feature various line-ups at different stages of Zappa's career. So you get to hear the momentum of the show (some say it's the best of two separate performances in one day; possible, given FZ's penchant for editing the best segments of various perfomances together).  The Mothers play Zappa's live standards such as Apostrophe's "Stinkfoot" with such ease, they make it sound like it's a mind-numbingly simple song to play. Not his most difficult, by any standard, but they show what true PROFESSIONALS they really were, because songs like "Stinkfoot" sound easy, and so do incredibly difficult arrangements such as "Echidna's Arf." Don't let the silly titles fool you; songs named "Tush, Tush, Tush," "Stinkfoot," "Cheepnis," and "Building A Girl," are only the names these selections have. They are incredibly intricate, complex arrangements that most bands, then and now, could not approach.  One priceless bit of FZ history is included here, the reason Zappa's band included "Whippin' Post" in their repertoire after this tour. Someone in the audience called out "Whippin' Post!" The band at this juncture didn't know this song, so Zappa toyed with the heckler, asking him to sing it, and cut him off after about one second. Some people really step into it when they don't know who they are messing with. This exchange is at the beginning of "Montana," and FZ changed the lyrics on the spot, to make references to the heckler's request for "Whippin' Post," and the rest is history. To hear the conviction that he covered this with, check out the last track on 1984's "Them Or Us." It's the 1984 touring band playing "Whippin' Post," and even though nobody can do it like The Allman Brothers Band, the arrangements played by Zappa's touring band at the time, are a phenomenal job. There is video of this song on "Does Humor Belong In Music?," the 1985 video, and it has some changes in the middle, but it all began with the guy in the audience at Helsinki, way back in 1974.  In all, this is the most consistent volume, as I have already said, because this is all one band, on one stage, on one day. It's many people's favorite, and I can clearly see why.     