 I gave this 5 stars, because even though I don't like a small percent of this, the rest MORE than makes up for it.   Here are the selections, and what I like and/or dislike about them: 1. "FAME" - the title track. It's an upbeat, optimistic song, a good opener, no complaints from me. 2."OUT HERE ON MY OWN" - This beautiful ballad is sung by Irene Cara on a soundstage, broadway piano, and some deep lyrics. 3."HOT LUNCH JAM" - Kind of silly song, set in the cafeteria of the high school, more effective on film than on your stereo, but not bad. 4."DOGS IN THE YARD" - Song by and about the Monty character; "Why can't I run crazy, like the dogs in the yard?" We've all felt like this at one time or another. I like it. 5."RED LIGHT" - This is a difficult one for me; It's a late '70's Disco song, the genre of which I passionately hate, but "Red Light" is a well-made song, good recording, competent singing, I just wish it weren't Disco. 6."IS IT OK IF I CALL YOU MINE?"- Another song by the Monty character; just him singing, and strumming an acoustic guitar. Nothing fancy, but not bad, either. 7."NEVER ALONE" - I REALLY LIKE THIS; I've always liked that dry, Broadway piano sound, here, enhanced with a choir, and lots of percussion, it reminds me of a black church revival. 8."RALPH AND MONTY  (dressing room piano)"- It's only some background music for a scene with two of the main characters having a conversation in a dressing room; it's just a little piano motif that grows on you. 9."I SING THE BODY ELECTRIC."- The graduation sequence. This song is the reason to buy this recording and cherish it. It's also the high point of the film. It has the ability to bring goosebumps on me, even after twenty-five years. The recording of this absolute MASTERPIECE was cleaned up a bit for the soundtrack, and it sounds a little better than what you hear in the film, but either will simply blow you away, every time. There's one line in the film version, where one of the vocalists (Monty again) hits a bum note, and I squirm every time I hear it. But he quickly recovers and ends his part beautifully. It is performed by the entire student body, the dance students doing a fantastic job, the combo, a five or six-piece rock band, some of the singing and acting students singing the leads, the classical students providing the orchestrations, and the rest giving their voices in the most  powerful sounding choir you'll ever hear from a bunch of seventeen and eighteen-year-olds. I can't give enough praise to this number, and even if you ignore the rest, you owe it to yourself to experience "I Sing The Body Electric," as performed by the cast of "Fame." You will NOT be disappointed.     