 I didn't even know this was still available, my copy is an old vinyl record, and I got it at a time when I bought and taped recordings by numerous punk bands, and was WIDELY criticized for doing it. I must've been precocious, because the music I liked back then earned me a lot of ridicule, only for the same people to come around later, and actually see something in it.   The Dead Boys have all the elements of late '70's punk; torn clothes, weird hair, disheveled all-around appearance, violent reputation, and so forth. But underneath, is a top-notch band. I admit to not knowing all the specifics about the knife fight that nearly killed drummer Johnny Blitz, but listen to him here; he plays as well as anyone I've heard elsewhere. I remember reading that the person (people?) who attacked him "tried to cut his balls off," and I've always wondered how he fared after.  This was a band that could play anything they put any effort into, and  did it well. Their version of "Tell Me" is every bit as good as, and I think a little better than, the Stones' original. The opener of this set, "Third Generation Nation," sets the mood, they were what was happening at the time, even though they weren't chart-toppers. Real talent often isn't.  They show that they had no sacred cows, as you hear in "(I don't want to be no) Catholic Boy," and the addition of two guys from The Ramones is a nice touch. "Ah-Men!"  My own personal two favorites are "Son Of Sam," and "Ain't It Fun?", "Sam" being about the killings at the time by serial killer /prison inmate turned minister (imagine my surprise), David Berkowitz. The section in the middle has a mini-depiction of one of the killings, footsteps, a gunshot, and this scream that will make you cringe, and the tribal sounding drums, peppered with sirens, has this surreal effect, reflecting the fear that hovered over Yonkers, New York at the time, really heavy-hitting stuff.  "Ain't It Fun?" is, I guess what could be called a ballad, it's got an emotional melody, really expressive guitar solos (Cheetah Chrome is a very good guitarist), and heart-felt lyrics about someone befriended by the band who lived a short, tragic life, with lines like "I punched my fist right through the glass, and I didn't even feel it, it happened so fast," just a summing-up of someone's life, with a voice at the end, in the distance, saying, "I'm dead, I'm dead..."  You know they were onto something pretty good when, this many years later, I can still remember their stage names; Cheetah Chrome, Johnny Blitz, Jimmy Zero, Stiv Bators, and Jeff Magnum.  And it took me by surprise a little while ago, to hear that Stiv Bators mysteriously died; though I guess it shouldn't have, with the Johnny Blitz incident and all, but it usually is a surprise when something like this happens.  All said though, The Dead Boys had a good, solid band, worth listening to.     