 This is the first Pink Floyd, and this release in particular is what seperates the regular fan from the "die hard" fan. I've heard almost equal doses of praise and criticism for the Syd Barrett era, and I just let it be what it is, Pink Floyd, as they sounded in 1967. There was such a flurry of creativity from Barrett, but he just fizzled out, went into semi-retirement, then disappeared completely. I hope, as one person thinking of another, he's feeling better now. I won't harp on his problems; He has had enough to last a lifetime, without more people to beat up on him.   The record is dated, yes, when listening, you don't hear state-of-the-art, but you do hear what sold people on them in the first place. Barrett's songs straddle a fence, they are either charming, childlike poems set to music, nice little "songs," or deep, intense experiments in sound and word pictures. Even though "Interstellar Overdrive" is a group composition, this is a good example of this point, it's an extended jam, two uninterrupted performances played entirely independent from each other, with the beginning and ending cut out of one, and the remaining segment overdubbed onto the the other complete performance. So you hear the band playing coherently, then it becomes all disjointed, goes all over the place, and comes back to the opening theme, with that crash landing of an ending, which segues into Barrett's funny little song, "The Gnome." Two completely different sides of what the band was about, but played with equal conviction.  Roger Waters Was credited with co-writing two compositions, along with one of his own, and in an interview Nick Mason gave a TV journalist (This interview is included on the VHS tape "The Dark Side"), they all concede that it isn't a great song, but he of course went on to become a terrific songwriter. "Take Up Thy Stethoscope And Walk" is fast and choppy, naive lyrics, somewhat off-key singing, and very ameteurish. But does have a  high degree of energy, and it fits the premise of the Floyd's debut.  From the first stirrings of "Astronomy Domine" to the last jumble of sounds on "Bike," it is good, entertaining music; just remember, it's very old music, but a good document to its time.  And the noises at the end of "Bike" aren't goose honks; It's a muted, double-tracked recording of a toy that laughs, one type overdubbed on another.     