 I'm in the first catagory.  I have to make one thing clear, before I delve into why I like this movie so much, and it's the misconceptions about the title. It's called "Neighbors," not "The Neighbors." This seems a small point, but it's not. "The Neighbors" denotes the people next door only, and calling it "Neighbors (no 'the')" tells the viewer that it's about the people in both homes. It's the interaction between both families.  This film has a creepy, dream-like quality to it, and that itself, is a part of the cast, as much as the actors. The odd sound effects, and the fact that a large part of the story happens overnight, adds to it all. Just look at the scenery, even in the daylight shots.  It's a bizarre film, it's hard to describe, and all I can say, is you have to see it for yourself to see what is meant here. John Belushi plays the straight man to Dan Aykroyd's lunatic, and even though Aykroyd's and Cathy Moriarty's characters are free-wheeling and likable, to a degree, they are ANNOYING! Very little consideration for the people they just moved in next door to, they are an exaggerated version of the neighbors we all dread having.  Little sublties are important in this kind of film, like the choice of music; In a scene where Belushi's character is dressing up to impress the woman next door (Moriarty), the soundtrack is playing "Stayin' Alive" by The Bee Gees. Things like this, are what make it funny, but it's actually the characterizations and the "ATMOSPHERE" which make this such a good film. Look at the camera angles, listen to the eerie sound effects, and the blue contact lenses that Dan Aykroyd wears, they just change his whole persona.  I didn't think I could appreciate John Belushi acting the part of such a straight arrow, especially after seeing him in "1941" and "Animal House," and even more so, his years on "Second City TV" and "Saturday Night Live," but he does the part well, and I'll admit, I fell into that trap, where I was expecting him to be typecast, and was disappointed at first by his being cast as such a harmless character, but he does it well, and I think it was proper casting. Great comedian, but here he proves he's a versatile actor. As a fan, I miss him.  As I said earlier, you'll either love this movie, or you'll hate it. And if you "get" it, in the least, you'll absolutely love it.     