 I don't feel the Stones are a consistently good live act, although the set they played here, isn't without merit. I have to give them credit, because Mick Jagger is still today what you see in this film. He's got a few lines on his face, and a few traces of grey in his hair now, but time hasn't been his enemy. Keith Richard, on the other hand, doesn't even look like the same person anymore; that's what hard living will do to you.  Their set wasn't bad, though it had that "garage band" feel to it, but that's always been one of their selling points. "Jumpin' Jack Flash," " Parachute Woman," "You Can't Always Get What You Want," and the others all sound up to snuff, although some back-up singers would've helped; they had a piano player, and a percussionist, why not back-up singers?  Taj Mahal's number was OK, but seemed to be a little lifeless, and Marianne Faithful has been correctly described as "lovely," her segment was a good off-set to everything else.  The Who's performance was definitely show-stopping, hard to believe Keith Moon and John Entwistle are gone. They were so "alive." They were just coming into their own when this event was held.  Depending on my mood, often my favorite segment was Jethro Tull's number. Isn't annoying when people call Ian Anderson "Jethro Tull?" Even though Anderson was the only musician with the band at every phase of its existence, "Jethro Tull" was, and is, the band's name. Apart from Anderson, none of the musicians here were with Anderson for that long. Drummer Clive Bunker was replaced by Barriemore Barlow, Bassist Glenn Cornik was replaced with Jeffrey Hammond-Hammond, John Evan was added on piano, and Martin Barre replaced the man playing slide guitar here, Black Sabbath's Tony Iommi.  I thought The Dirty Mac was cool, Mitch Mitchell from the Jimi Hendrix Experience on drums, Keith Richard playing bass, when Bill Wyman could've sufficed. But Richard is, in his own way, as charismatic as Jagger, so I say good choice; it was a "super group" anyway; Eric Clapton on lead guitar ( God he was young back then), and John Lennon as band leader. I thought their rendition of "Yer Blues" was as good as the version Lennon did with The Beatles. That other thing they did was thrown together at the last minute, obviously. Irvey Gitlis played a great solo on violin here, I don't even know who he is, but I can tell he's got a lot of talent. I've never understood Yoko Ono's contributions to these things; giving credit where it's due, she's a very creative woman, and she was the catalyst in Lennon's life for finding and redefining himself. She was good for him. But she has screamed into microphones in front of some of the most talented musicians in the world, and I'm tempted to ask, "why?" Call it a guilty pleasure, but listen to her songs on "Double Fantasy." These are great songs, and she is actually carrying a tune there. I really like it, and that's what's frustrating; she's got an unusual voice, and it is abused and squandered on things like "Whole Lotta Yoko," the number she sang at the R'n'R Circus. Did she have the first idea how much audiences hated her? The only real applause she ever got, as far as I could tell, was when she and John sat in with Zappa and the Mothers at the Fillmore. And that's because Zappa's fans, especially then, were open to almost anything.  In all, this is a good investment, if nothing else, to see what the big names were doing in December of 1968. The music was so much better long ago...          