 "This is the best book I've ever read!" "Personal injury lawyers will turn our country into a third world nation."  These are the responses of people interested in this book, which I find very telling.  Obviously the former reviewer has never read another book besides the one he's reviewing and the latter has never visited a continent outside of our own.  Nevertheless there are outrageous lawsuits that occur and there is often excessive delay involved in bringing about and resolving a lawsuit, but no one has designed a system that offers consistently more justice than that of the United States legal system.       Maybe if simplicity is what you want, you can remind the judge of that the next time you are wrongly convicted of a crime or become paralyzed after being hit by a drunk driver.  That way, the judge can quickly dismiss your case or your appeal in order to save the system some time, energy, and money.  Who else will hear your complaint if not the court?       The bottom line is that blame needs to be laid where it belongs.  If citizens are irritated by excessive penalties being imposed on business and individuals, juries (who are composed of just those same citizens in case you were not aware) will refuse to offer verdicts for plaintiffs as often.  If there are fewer verdicts, fewer suits will be brought because the costs will outweigh the possibility of judgment in plaintiff's favor, and the system therefore stays balanced with social values.  My further advice to you, the lover of this book (who in fact is complaining about people complaining - in case you hadn't recognized the irony of your argument for reform),is the next time you get a letter form the Clerk of Courts calling you to jury selection, don't skip out but make an impression on the legal system as you see fit.       If you don't like doctors being sued for malpractice, call your legislators and ask them to limit the hours a surgeon can work in a work week or in one stretch w/o a break. (Medical mistakes most usually happen in the end of a doctors 48 hours of constant work, when he/she has had little or no rest)  Don't blame the victim and attorney for holding the doctor responsible for their mistakes.       If you want law to be more simplistic, call your legislators and tell them to simplify the tax code which is so filled with loopholes, deductions, and sliding scales for special interest groups, I can balely lift [all at once] the volumes added by our beloved Congress in 2004 alone.  (It's not your lawyer, accountant, or the IRS's fault that it takes months to complete tax returns.)       Of course, lawyers make everyone's complaints public - that's their job - and as such the lawyer is likely to feel the brunt of the public's distress and blame.  Just look deeper and more carefully at who is responsible for what you consider too complicated or costly - contrary to popular conception, it's not always the lawyer's fault     