 Mr. Sperry's theory is that the Koran is nothing but sickening violence and contains no good lessons for life, yet he stops short of saying we should rid the world of Muslims and their religion.  Instead he says we should increase defense spending.  How is his proposed sollution to terrorism any remedy for what he says is the problem?    This book is nothing but a bunch of hyped up conspiracy theory about Arabic speaking government employees plotting to disrupt our country's defense while at the same time claiming that the real problem is the religion of Islam itself.  Of course anyone that follows centuries old religious doctrine literally is going to cause some problems.  This includes the "extremist Islamists" that interpret the Koran literally because Muslims were historically treated terribly by European Christians and the contempt shows in their religious practices.  But the same can be said, to a much lesser extent, for strict constructionists of the Bible that are still waiting for Jesus to return to earth and say "hello" and also refuse to believe in a scientifically undeniable theory of evolution b/c we must all be decendents of the Adam and Eve - that white couple in the middle east that wore fig leaves and talked to god and the devil, (the type of people that are today called the mentally disturbed).    The difference between Christian and Muslim exremists is that Christians have not suffered through historic prejudices from the most powerful civilizations like the Muslims b/c the Christians made up those powerful civilizations and istitutionalized descrimination.  It should be expected that there would be radical Islamists, as Mr. Sperry speaks of, that hate Christian Americans.  Now that we have taken a taste of their terrible medicine on 9/11 Christian Americans are getting a bit of extremist blood running through their veins.    Just be careful because born-again Christian Americans might just become the world's next extremist party that needs subdued by any and all forces necessary.  This hateful, retaliatory practice of eye-for-an-eye war that has been brewing amongst the far-right is starting us down a very slippery slope of "my religion is right and yours is violent and wrong so we're gonna kill all yall."  Personally, I don't want a part of Mr. Sperry's anti-Islamic extremism or his trash of a book.     