 Very lucid description of the political, religious and economic systems of the era.   Ogg gives an excellent description of the differences between the three Kingdoms, while clearly illustrating the subservience of Ireland and Scotland to England.  He is quite scathing about the duplicitous character of Charles II, the only point Ogg can find in his favour is that in compromising to avoid domestic conflict and in his double-dealing in foreign policy, Charles ensured an era of peace in which the commerce flourished.   However he is scathing about Charles debauchery, his corruption, his (ab)use of his councillors and the general `unEnglishness' of his Court and influences.   However the history centres on the development of English society rather than the Court of Charles II. There are excellent descriptions of the events of the period - the Restoration Settlement  and the Popish Plot are described in great detail and with relish.  Ogg shows how adroit the Anglican Church was during this period - with the Restoration of the House of Lords, the Anglican Bishops resumed their place and regained  political power  - successfully opposing the toleration which Charles had proposed at Breda.  In essence Charles Breda Declaration had left a lot of power to parliament - in terms of retribution, toleration and settlement - and the Bishops used this fact to entrench themselves and Anglicanism and to oppose toleration.  At the same time, they formally gave up a large amount of (titular) power in terms of reducing the rights of the Ecclesiastical Courts, and ensured that they made common cause with Charles' councillors - at first Clarendon, later Danby, who needed to be able to guarantee Charles  parliamentary support.  The Bishops ability to manoeuvre in the shifting sands of Restoration politics is well outlined here, and one is left wanting to know more. Another point Ogg introduces is the commercial challenge which the Dutch represented and the fact that although two wars were fought with the Dutch, Britain's eventual commercial success resulted more from a conscious repositioning of Britains naval trade towards long distance commerce with the American colonies, Africa and the Spanish Empire.  Thus the importance of the Navigation Acts, Britain's relations with Spain and the structure and nature of the change in Britain's commercial and naval shipbuilding industry are introduced.  Again this is well described and whet's ones appetite for more.  There are excellent descriptions of the development of parliamentary opposition, the evolution of the powers of the houses of Lords and Commons and the implementation of local government and its interaction with the administration of  common law. While very  England centred the book also takes some note of the emergence of France as the dominant European power and makes the best sense I have so far read of the relationship between Louis and Charles - most descriptions I have seen so far describe Charles as a client of Louis, and Ogg describes the various requests Charles made for French money, he also describes the lengths Charles went to,  to avoid actually doing anything tangible in return for this cash.  So is it more (or less) corrupt if the client doesn't do anything in return for the bribes? In relation to the Stuarts Ogg finds Charles possessed of a gift for compromise, indolence, corruption and self preservation and, if anything, James possessed even worse traits.   The only negative point I could find about the book was the speed at which it draws to a conclusion, Charles is dispatched in half a page and the last chapter recounts the thinking of some of the notable learned Englishmen of the age - Newton, Boyle, Locke, Hobbs, Halifax among others.  I found this ending less than satisfying as it seemed out of context with the flow of the rest of the book and I was expected a greater amount of analysis of the era.   However and excellent overview and introduction of the Restoration period     