 This biography dates from 1976 and leans noticeably towards a psychological profile of the William Pitt.   Pitt is portrayed as a manic-depressive, who spent many years in the political wilderness of opposition in the British House of Commons, being anathema to King George II (and later George III).   The book gives credit to his oratory, his ability to make life almost impossible for those, in power, who he opposed.   Pitt became part of the government (`The Ministry') during the Seven Years War, and was seen as driving the most successful phase of that war - The conquering of French-Canada, India, West Africa.    	Alying is at his most effective when dealing with Pitt and his family. Pitt's grandfather Thomas was a thunderous influence,   Pitt's relationship with his elder brother and the various of his sisters was intense, emotional and volatile.  The various family connections to the Grenvilles and how this played out in the politics of the day are very clearly illustrated.  	There are two areas of difficulty for this reader  - one is the basic problem on English Aristocracy, when someone of the characters becomes a Lord.  In the text a key player (e.g. Sir Richard Grenville, becomes Lord Temple, John Chateret an early adversary of Pitts becomes Lord Granville,  William Murray becomes Lord Mansfield).  It becomes hugely confusing when these people are initially established by their common names to have them change midway into their titles. 	The other major problem I had with the text is that it does not give a flavour of the vast effort put into the resourcing of the armed forces in Britain at the time.  There are references to the difficulty in raising money and manpower, but the sheer effort involved in keeping the war underway was phenomenal - better books in this regard are `The Bells of Victory' by Richard Middelton and `The Sinews of War' by  John Brewer.   The main implication of this fault is that it lends too much credence to the `great man' theory ie. that Pitt's superhuman energy alone, shifted the country from lassitude to almost unconditional victory, and as a corollary that Pitt was surrounded by weak-minded ministers who ultimately concluded an unsatisfactory peace.  The Duke of Newcastle is the chief victim of the flip side of this `great man' emphasis. Perhaps as a consequence of this the absolute public outrage which is associated with Pitt's initial acceptance of the previously corrupt post of Paymaster General , and later with his acceptance of his pension and peerage, is underplayed.  Pitt spent many years in opposition, deriding the corruption involved in government, for this he was the Whig most admired by Tories, also he was admired by small traders and `the public', their disappointment was therefore most intense when he was seen to abandon his principle.  	The book does well on Pitts personal life - he was irritable and irritating, unable to form close friendships, though his seems devoted to his wife and children. He was frequently in physical pain through gout, and the book lends a lot of credence to the manic-depressive theory of the stages of his life.   He is portrayed as a close friend of  America, both during its struggle with French Canada and later, with English taxation, which ultimately lead to the Revolution. More detail on this aspect can be found in Fred Anderson's magnificent `The Crucible of War'. 	Overall then I think  the book is a good read, suffers from too psychological an analysis of Pitt's character and gives insufficient weight to the interaction of other characters within the British administration of the day.     