  This is a truly absorbing book, adding substantially to the emerging view of Jacobitism as the `elephant in the room' of British social and political life in the 18th Century.  Scholars such as Eveline Cruickshanks, Paul Monod, Linda Colley have shown that English political society had an undercurrent of Jacobitism through this period, which lead to general questioning of  the legitimacy of the Hanovarian regime and those who prospered under it.  O'Ciardha illustrates the situation in Ireland, a more deeply denominationally fractured society, where the room for Protestant doubt (not to say Jacobitism) was very narrow, given the prevailing, embittered and increasingly disenfranchised Catholic majority.   Catholic opinion, of all classes, held faith with the Stuart until at least the 1750s, and while O'Ciardha provides valuable insights into that rare flower,  Irish Protestant Jacobitism - Ormonde, Swift, Orrory etc, the book's primary source material describes Irish Catholicism's ultimately futile attachment to the Stuart cause.  	In illustrating his topic O'Ciardha draws on a wide variety of documentation, and one of the best features of this book is the wealth of source material.  This is a truly magnificent display of scholarship of the era.  He charts the evolving reaction of those in political authority in the country over the years -  The English Ministry's attempts to assuage their Continental Catholic allies (Imperial Austria, Bavaria) while at the same time being true to the Glorious Revolution, the Irish Parliaments' attempt to institutionalise the gains made during the defeat of Catholic/Jacobite forces in 1690 and to prevent the accumulation of influence and power by the majority Catholic community.  These conflicting   policies and the social tensions among the Irish Protestant community are well illustrated in the text. 	O'Ciardha is illuminating also on the influences on the Catholic community - traditionally a voice not heard, being characteristed as being ignorant, leaderless and apathetic.  O'Ciardha shows the influence and interaction between the Irish disapora in France and Spain - where large numbers of Irish joined the military with thoughts of a return in conquest - and the society at home. Communication between the two was facilitated by merchants, smugglers and Catholic clergy - the latter being a key Jacobite influence.   In describing the Catholic communities views that the key feature of the book is established, O'Ciadhra makes extensive use of Irish poetry to describe the emotional reaction of the Catholic community to the various highs and lows of the Stuart cause.  He describes an oral tradition of an otherwise powerless community, in which poets would compose verse in Irish, whose use, among other things, would be to spread news and opinion which otherwise was unavailable to them in their language.  O'Ciadhra shows how some poets must have used commentary and reportage on European events available in contemporary English language newspapers as a source for their verse  	And this use of poetry brings me to one of my two quibbles with the book, as a product of the Irish Education system I have some mixed memories of Irish poetry.  While I was pleasantly surprised to know that `ro, s de bheatha bhaile' was composed at the time of Bonny Prince Charlie, I was disturbed to come across Sathrun Cithinn again, once in any particular lifetime being, in my estimate, sufficient to become acquainted with him.  The serious point I am trying to make is that I think the poetry is overused and, paradoxically, the social context of the poets is not sufficiently described.  There are great swathes of the poetry, in Irish, with paragraphs before and after  devoted to its translation.  The points could have been made more succinctly.   Also while, it is truly a work of great scholarship to find and relate this poetry to the events of the times, the book, in my view, does not establish what effect this had on its audience.  Indeed it does not establish who the intended audience was - if Aogn O'Rathaille can be described as the Irish Dryden, who was his patron? Were there a class of Irish Catholic gentry to whom these verses were addressed? And if so what became of them over the years described?  Or were these poets destitute ramblers, singing for their supper among the lower orders.  It is perhaps impossible to know. 	O'Ciardha lays the groundwork that shows the evolution of Irish political thought after the final disillusion with the Stuarts, in the 1750s an emergent Catholic mercantile class began to seek and accommodation with the Hanovarian regime, and there germ of a Catholic Committee which worked within the system, which culiminated in the career of Daniel O'Connell was born. Also the realignment of Catholic views away from Jacobitism, allowed its more radical elements to follow revolutionary, democratic , Jacobin views and to make common cause with radical Protestant Irishmen - which germinated in the United Irishman and the only Irish rebellion of the 18th Century.  This is well laid out toward the end of O'Ciardha's work   The other issue  I have with the book is its focus on the Irish aspects of the Continental Jacobite court,  there is great attention paid to the Catholic piety of James II and III (less so of Bonny Prince Charlie) and the military muscle - such as it was - of the Jacobite court is described as lying within the Irish Brigades resting within the French and Spanish armies., however surely the Jacobite court reflected the attributes of the Three Crowns and was, at various times, under the influence of councillors from each kingdom and reflective of the views of the denominations.  The fact that Ireland did not actually rise in rebellion during the years indicated, while explained well by O'Ciardha as not being for want of planning, must surely have been reflected in changing patterns of influence within the exiled Stuart court and community. 	These are minor quibbles, and it is a mark of great scholarship that it leaves you wanting to know more about various areas described. This is a fantastic read and I highly recommend it to anyone with an interest in British or Irish politics of the 18th and 19th Centuries     