 Did you know that in 1859 Americans consumed about eight pounds of coffee per year, per capita?  Or that by 1939 it was fourteen pounds?  If this is your cup of tea, then I think you will like this book.  This is not a criticism, I liked the book because it looks at the growth in demand which was supplied by the entrepreneurs who formed the brands described in the book.  Indeed this demand-side view is part of the book that made the biggest impact on me.  	Some of this is obvious, but somewhat in the backround of our knowledge - "between 1860 and 1920 the population of the US grew from 31.5 to 107 million" - and some of this is well extracted in this book - e.g. "in 1844 (when Henry J. Heinz was born)less than 10% of American's lived in towns of greater than 2,500 population, 75 years later (when he died) 50% were urban dwellers and 20% lived in cities of greater than 250,000 people".   Koehn builds up this demand side very well in each of the six cases she uses to illustrate who entrepreneurs build up branded business - Wedgwood , Heinz, Marshall-Fields, Estee Lauder, Starbucks and Dell. 	Koehn, a Harvard business historian, is also quite good at showing how developing technology is put to use to serve this demand (or does it create it?) - "In 1830 it took three weeks to get calico from New York to Chicago, in 1860 it took three days, by 1880 ... less than 24 hours" Again we all knew the importance of the railroad, but here its phrased in a way that makes sense of the dynamic growth and gentrification of the Mid West.  She illustrates well the need that urbanisation created for prepared food that could be trusted and describes very well the increasing sophistication of industrial level food preparation  - " by the 1860;s the introduction of calcium chloride to boiling water cut sterilization times from five hours to 25 minutes".  She can even make innovations in canning technology sound exciting.   	So much for the good stuff,  I did find the tone of the descriptions of each entrepreneurs a bit fawning.  Each had the feel of a business case, with the usual tone of awe and deference to the wit and wisdom of the main characters.  With the exception of the Starbucks case - where Howard Shultz openly tells of his mistakes and wrong turnings - each case seems to highlight the wisdom of the main character, whereas it seems to me its their determination that marks them out, more than anything else.  Henry Heinz went bankrupt three times in food products, before he became successful, Michael Dell was still seen as a cloner into the late 1980's.   Koehn makes no judgements about the more unpleasant side of this determination - Estee Lauder staged a meeting with the Duke of Windsor, which she had photographed and publicised, in order to make it appear she had high-society connections,  Josiah Wedgwood supplied free gifts to royalty in the certain knowledge that the aspirations of the  middle classes to emulate royalty would drive demand for this his products. 	There are good insights into how these individuals drove modern marketing techniques - Wedgwood emphasized showrooms, Estee Lauder the free gift.  And all had tremendous energy for customer service and production detail.  However in each of the early cases   we are told that 20th Century techniques were unknown to the industry " Brand marketing was virtually unheard of in the 18th Century" [ Wedgwood]; " Between 1869 and 1899, real per capita income increased at an annual compound rate of 2.1%.  Henry Heinz had no access to these statistics. These numbers are based on economic concepts developed in the 20th Century".  This kind of clumsiness crops up in each case, ok we get the point that these pioneers instinctively did something which is now solidified into great theory,  but surely this point could be illustrated with more deftness. 	This apart, a very useful and interesting book, a book for anyone interested in the general history of business.  Some excellent details, too much fawning and praise too little criticism of the central characters who built the brands.   A fascinating story. If you liked this book, check out books by Arthur Chandler and John Drewer.  	One final fact, Charles Darwin had the time and money to devote to his famous voyage on the Beagle - which laid the basis for the theory of Evolution - because his wife's grandfather was Joshua Wedgwood.  Was this financial evolution at work?     