 Clear, though biased, history of the early modern period.  This book was written in the mid 1950's and, like Ogg's other similiar tome - England in the Reign of Charles II - this books shows the bias of its time.  James II ascended to the throne in 1685 and abandoned it in 1688 in the face of a bloodless invasion and coup by William of Orange, James' son in law.  Oggs viewpoint as a `whig' historian is clearly on display - James is shown to be tyrannical, quashing opposition with judicial violence, promoting state power at the expense of parliamentary power, advancing Popery at the expense of the Church of England.   There is not one good word about James in the volume, Ogg weaves the story of his intransigence, his lack of  principle, his authoritarianism and his ultimate failure of will into one story, despite the contradictions that stem from these features. Not one of his appointees is seen as being principled, the Catholic are all schemers, his Protestant councillors corrupt. William III is shown in a much better light - Ogg states that Willliam's vetoing of Parliamentary Acts showed the respect he had for Parliament - if he vetoed one, it meant he would abide by those which he enacted - so unlike a Stuart!. He is excellent in describing the tensions between William and parliament, and the mutual incomprehension of both sides. 	Historical thinking has moved beyond the views expressed here, to see James as continuing the centralizing function of his brother's (Charles II) later years, and to see some elements of his reign increasing the efficiency, and therefore the power, of the state. James' views may also have been interpreted as a plea for toleration - not achieved for another hundred years.  However, none of this is reflected in this book. 	This major flaw aside, the book is a tour-de-force of the period, the political, religious philosophies are well exposed, the emergence of a political society, the beginnings of Britain as a major power in Continental Europe, the advances in trade, science and, in the final chapter, he covers some of major thinkers of the age.  He lauds Britain's ability in refining the art of `living in society', so fraught in the 1600's, finally coming to some compromise and stability in the 1700's.     