 During Queen Anne's reign Britain consolidated its position as a first rank European power.  Prior to that England had been the doughty underdog, who somehow survived to trade another day, its politics plagued with factions and  bloody divisions.  During Anne's reign the divisions persisted, but was worked out with less bloody consequences. Professor Gregg's was allowed access to the large volume of correspondence between Anne and her one time close friend Sarah, Duchess of Marlborough.  The Duke and Duchess of Marlborough were the power couple of the period.  The Duke won great military victories for Britain on the continent and the Duchess was very influential in the early years of Queen Annes' rule.  So the correspondence is very revealing of the twists and turns of the political process.  Anne could only rule through parliament, and being childless (despite sixteen pregnancies!) was susceptible to pressure as to who should succeed her.   Her father, James II, a Catholic,  had been deposed and was living in exile in France, where he had the support of Louis XIV.  The next nearest Protestant relative was George Augustus of Hannover, a rather dour, provincial potentate.  Through the later  years of her reign, Anne struggled with parliament to establish her own authority, limit the power of Louis XIV in Europe, secure the Protestant succession and  simultaneously deter the George Augustus from coming to Britain while she lived - this last was necessary to stop a rival power structure emerging. This was done against the backdrop of increasing expensive military campaigns and a country which was sentimentally attached to the Stuarts and neutral about the Hannovarians.  The struggles within parliament and between parliament and the court are well described by Professor Gregg, who is especially good at describing the rather-stoic Anne's stuggle to establish her authority.  The early letters to the Duchess of Marlborough are unusually revealing of her struggle to assert herself. If the book has a weakness it is the over-reliance on these letters. The friendship between Anne and Sarah soured considerably, as Anne took more and more decisions which contradicted Sarah's advice. Eventually Anne turned to a number of other advisors, however correspondence with these others is much more limited, while Sarah continued to inundated Anne with increasingly shrill correspondence. Gregg, in the absence of other documentation, quotes heavily from later correspondence between the women, even though the relevance to contemporary events diminishes.  Overall the book is an excellent, personalized description of Annes times and life. By being so focussed on the monarch it gives an insight into the connections between families in the fight for preferment - several examples exist of proximity to royalty translating into high office;  the father of James II's `low born' wife became the Earl of Clarendon, and Anne spent most of her reign ignoring and avoiding him.  In this way it is possible to trace and understand the patterns of patronage and influence which make English history seem so impenetrable. I highly recommend this book     