 I am reading the history of Britain in the period 1650 -1815, and I believe John Brewer to be one of the key historians of the era.  This book takes the viewpoint that the expansion of the British Empire in the period was brought about primarily by the ability of the British government to tax its people effectively and that the raising of tax revenue allowed the government to raise enormous loans linked to future revenue. The success in raising such sums allowed the government to build and provision enormous armed forces which turned Britain from a regional power into a world power.  	 	Brewer takes us through the changes in British society as reflected in the changes in tax collection - from tax collectors as corrupt `agents' of the crown to  employees of the state - and in the taxes collected  - during the Seven Years War the majority of tax receipts  were customs and excise taxes  i.e. tax on goods consumed.  Previously tax receipts were based on land holdings, however the customs and excise taxes necessitated a level of governmental monitoring and control on trade which was previously impossible.  It also reflected the enormous change in British society brought about by agricultural productivity, rapid urbanisation and expanding trade.  	Brewer concentrates on the ability of the government to raise taxes and draws the paradox that while the British system of government was less absolute than its continental rivals, by being more limited it had the ability to be more effective in the areas where its power was popularly agreed.  In this he sees the effectiveness of Parliament in representing the various interests - landed, mercantile - which generated wealth within the society.  He draws the distinction  with the tax revolts in the American colonies, whose lack of representation and thinly populated, agricultural based economy meant that unpopular taxes became too expensive to forcibly collect. 	In general I admired this book greatly, it condenses and refers to a great number of other  historical works and allows the reader to research further if required. In particular it mentions the great investment the British made in its navy and naval dockyards etc.   If there are drawbacks with the books I think it does not do justice to the overall efforts of British diplomacy to keep the French occupied with a land war in Europe (this perhaps is the result of the Hanoverian monarchy rather than the Whig parliament) and to keep Spain neutral (i.e. to prevent the alliance of Spain and France for as long as possible).  It does not illustrate the effect of personality on the various outcomes - Pitt recruited a significant number of Highlanders, rebellious up to twenty years previously, to the army, illustrating the extent to which Great Britain had become a state, Pitt's daring and Bute's caution led both to great military victories and (arguably) an unsatisfactory peace treaty.   However these are just other aspects. 	One question hit me on finishing this book,   there are great parallels between the Seven Years War and the 1914-18 War, in both Britain sought create alliances to prevent a single great power emerging on the European continent, both wars were fought across the globe, both were hugely expensive for the combatants.  However the Seven Years war enriched the British nation and (despite losing North America) set it on a path for greatness for over a century, while the 1914-18 War depleted Britain  economically and  diplomatically and set it on a dismal course for the remainder of the 20th Century.  It might be interesting to draw this comparison further.     