 . I first heard this book when an extract was read over the radio - a piece in which the author is preparing dinner for the family and waiting for her mother-in-law to come over. The style of writing was so clear and inviting that I bought the book. Though Shields subject matter is quite different, the clarity of the style and the ability to evoke an environment reminded me of another of the greats - John McGahern.  The book takes a number of risks in that the main character is an author - Reta Winters - whose minor preoccupations include her current book, her relationship with her publisher and her friends who come together in a weekly writing circle.   This could become hugely self-referential, but  such is the skill employed this does not cloud the picture.   The story is told in the first person - another risk, as it could become really heavy going, but serves to highlight Reta's confusion, concern and emerging awareness.   Reta's main preoccupation is with her eldest daughter who has dropped out of college and is homeless in Toronto; and yet this story is a backdrop - the action takes place in Reta's suburban world.     One of the things I found most alarming about the book is the fact the Reta's family - husband, two other daughters and mother-in-law are quite distant characters - even though she says they are a close family, it is the descriptions of and conversations with Reta's female friends which outline her thinking.  Her description of her home-life as being loving is not reflected in the movement of the story.  Reta's anxiety finds expression in a series of letters she writes (but does not post) to various authors of articles she comes across, decrying their lack of attention to women in their fields.  Her contention through the book is that women are born powerless in society and that this results in all sorts of symptoms - perhaps including her daughters withdrawal from the world.   I am not clear whether this is Shields actual view or whether she attributes this to Reta's trying to find some meaning in her predicament.  Shields' conversation pieces are excellent, there is a description of an interview which Reta has with a male journalist which bristles with suppressed anger; while on the surface being professional and polite. She describes another conversation between Reta and a friend - a less successful author - where Reta describes the joy of gift shopping (I came as close to understanding its appeal as I every likely too!) and produces a scarf which Reta has bought for her daughter.  Reta's friend misunderstands, seizes the scarf as if it were a gift for herself; leaving Reta dumbfounded.  This piece was deliciously described, and, I think, also intended to show that Reta's thoughts about women being excluded because of their gender, is rather simplistic and not the author's view.  My only major problem about the book was the ending.  Throughout we had been led through a description of domestic life - disturbed by the withdrawal of the eldest daughter, but otherwise carrying on with the usual mixture of upsets and routine.  We have not been led to expect any answers or major revelations - indeed one of Reta's concerns is that her husband's search for an answer to why their daughter dropped out Will lead him to despair, when and if he finds no one cause.   And then, in the final chapter, everything is explained - not just for the daughter's problem, but the mother-in-law swings in with explanations of her issues and the story is wrapped with causes.  Its not a `happily-ever-after', but it does smack of `that's all right then, if we know the cause, I'm sure we can fix it'. Life's not that neat.   This one problem apart, this is a tremendous book, gently paced, executed with great craft, illustrating the depths of concerns that lie within seemingly everyday life.     