   	A curious mixture of essays, the overall effect showing that even in the 17th Century people looked back on 'the good old days' - Milton et al looked back on pre-Saxon times as the age to be re-invoked, and most people felt that the Elizabethan Age was a glory that should be re-established.   The best essays (I think) are those on Archbishop Ussher and on John Milton.  The  depth of learning is marvellous - as you would expect from this author, but the clarity and lucidity of the telling is very refreshing.  I really enjoy his ability to tell a complex story - including the various characters who move through the tale - in a way which does not compromise either the complexity or the clarity of the historians point of view.  His admiration of Milton's prose and his unease at Milton's arrogance and self-seeking loyalities is palpable, he is more perplexed at Ussher - no surprise perhaps in regard to a man who received pensions from King, Parliament and Lord Protector - during a time when these were mortal enemies.    	There are essays about Laudianism and the Great Tew circle, which are very informative, but for me lacked the passionate curiosity of the other essays.  The Tew circle was a group of friends - Clarendon, Hobbs and others - who met regularly in the 1630s for intellectual debates, and the essay traces their later lives and interactions.    	The most curious essay in the first, about a minor character called Nicholas Hill, and I found it the most 'showy' of the essays, and quite unworthy of inclusion.  Its assumptions are based on, at best, inferences about sources, motives and families, and its purpose seemed to be to show Trevor-Roper's depth of knowledge, surely something not in much doubt.  	The overall work invokes the times - the centrality of religious beliefs to intellectual (and political) life, the enormous pressures of reformation (as the Elizabethan compromise, -episcopacy, national religion etc) , counter reformation (Catholic resurgence in Europe)  and  re-reformation (Calvinism and Millenarianism).   The fact that in the 1630s that Counter Reformation was seen as close to extinguishing Protestantism is quite clear, and shows us the motivation for some of the more extreme reactions we see at the time - in Holland as much as in England.  Trevor Roper gives us a good analogy between the Unitarian Greek Church and the Church of England, which puts some badly-needed European context on the development of Anglicanism     