 This book, written in 1951, is taken to mark the start of a reassessment of the Royalist position in British Civil War and Restoration studies. That is to say that prior to this time the dominant themes were that while Cromwell perhaps went to far, that in general those who opposed monarchy were principled and victorious  and those who supported monarchy were misguided, deluded and devious.   	Wormald describes Clarendon's activities - both parliamentary, diplomatic and literary during the years 1640-60, and establishes Clarendon as a Loyalist - i.e. faithful to a limited monarchy, in opposition to the King up to about 1641, when he felt that parliamentary opposition to Charles I exceeded its own powers.  Wormald brilliantly establishes the differences between Clarendon's contemporary actions - in favour  of the existence of limitations on both the  monarchy and the established Church, - and his subsequent writings -written in hindsight, from exile - wherein he aligns himself with the winning argument.  Thus while his writings would lead us to the view that Clarendon was in favour of a powerful, comprehensive Church of England, with little or no toleration, Wormald indicates that in fact Clarendon considered an established Church, represented in Parliament as necessary for the proper running of the state, he also indicates that the powerful position which the Church of England seized in the Restoration settlement probably exceeded what Clarendon envisaged; and was brought about more by the vacuum created by Charles II's lack of a clear vision, and Clarendon's need to find  reliable Parliamentary support. 	Wormald also indicates the relationship between Charles II and Clarendon, and gives a clear view of Clarendon's loyal but essentially passive support during the long European exile, during which he fought to preserve a `Loyalist' view opposing both the militarism of the French-leaning royalists and Charles' various compromises with Presbyterians and Scots.  Clarendon's view was that the internal contradictions of the Parliamentarians would, ultimately, lead to their implosion and the Restoration of the monarchy, however, over the years he responded mainly with passivity to the various schemes to re-impose the Monarchy through invasion and/or internal revolt.  This passivity led in the years after the Restoration to an indolence which ultimately brought about his downfall in the wake of the Second Dutch War - this last is beyond the scope of the book. 	Overall the book is the fruit of extensive research and gifted analysis. I find it too forgiving of Charles I - indicating that he negotiated with Parliament in the hope that Parliament would collapse, thereby invalidating any agreements reached; this seems to forgive Charles his duplicity - and royalist authoritarianism.  The book covers only a period of Clarendon's life, and some prereading would be necessary to get the full backround - of Clarendon's humble origins, his rise to power with the members of the Tew circle would be especially useful.       