 These volumes are the place to start to get a good view of Wapole, the emergence of the Hanovarian-Whig governance during the early 18th Century.  Though written about 40 years ago, the story is told in a lively, non-fussy style. There is little about Walpoles upbringing, and the second volume ends in 1734, prior to Walpoles fall from power (and elevation to the Lords), so the story is more focused on power in the House of Commons and the Court than I would expect in a biography.   I was very curious about Walpoles later life - and still am having finished these books.    However this is not to take away from the story as told, marked as it is by excellent research and clear analysis, told with a direct, accessible style. 	Walpole's drive for power (and patronage), his accumulation of more and more power and influence - destructive of both his enemies and some of this friends (especially Lord Townshend) is well illustrated.   His limits, and those of his times, are unsparingly laid out - he benefited personally from holding office, indeed he indicated this with all the pride of a self-made man, he doled out political patronage and secured influence with all the diligence of a early version of Tammany Hall. He was ruthless with his enemies (although it was the first era in which political enemies were not executed), and attempted to lock up editors and publishers who lampooned him.  The book clearly shows the developments of the body politic of the day, how the struggles for power did - eventually- conform to what are now seen as civilised standards, and how missteps were avoided not necessarily by design but by evolution, discourse and compromise. 	 	The first volume shows Walpole's rise to power - he was always identified with the Whig element and opposed the influence of Oxford and Bolinbroke, however he was malleable enough to move away from the Junto position in order to achieve power.  Plumb is very clear on the tentative nature of power and influence upon the accession of George I, who did not make clear his preferences for the Whigs initially. Walpoles rise and maintenance of political power over the period is shown as being the result of his unparalleled abilities to wring victories from the unruly House of Commons and his ability to gain influence with both George I and II (despite the fact that both father and son hated one another).   	 	The one major issue I have with the book is that it sets Walpole up as being a champion of the small, landed squires, who hated paying the land taxes which funded England's wars at the time, hence his policy to pursue peace at all costs.   Plumb notes that Walpoles controversial proposals on excise taxes (and anti smuggling measures) were principally a reaction to a view of society which felt that land was being too heavily taxed and that traders and speculators were gaining wealth without paying a fair share.  This is a valid view, however later books - Dickinson' Bolinbroke, and Linda Colley's Britons - ascribe this view to the Tories and class the Whigs as being in favour of business and banking.  In particular Plumb claims Bolinbroke instigated protests from the traders of London etc.  Having read on this subject it now appears that ever major leader in (and out of) the Commons at the time was a champion of the country squire and that both, antagonistic, parties were had the same objective.  I cannot resolve this issue.  	A minor criticism would be the rather superficial treatment of European politics in the second volume. As Walpole gained power he overruled his kinsman Townshend in the pursuit of European alliances.  Townshend favoured continuing alliances to keep France isolated in Europe, Walpole put a greater priority on preserving peace (or more specifically keeping England out of Continental Wars) and persuaded the Hanovarian George II to pursue alliances with France or Austria to this end - indeed there was a period when Britain pursued alliances with both France and Austria simultaneously, despite the fact that both were enemies of the other.  	Overall a fantastic read, a clear grounding in the national and international politics of the period.     