 	The author is a Pentagon correspondent for  the Washington Times and therefore can be assumed to have good backround and contacts.  I was quite interested in Rumsfeld because of his prominence and eloquence.  The book gives a good account of decision making in regard to the Afghan and Iraq wars, and gives the motivation behind the ongoing transformation of the US armed forces which is Rumsfelds particular concern.  I was quite interested in Rumsfelds backround - in particular his time in private business. He was CEO of JD Searle, the firm that made a fortune from Nutrasweet - somehow its difficult to associate Rumsfeld with sweetners!.  Overall he is displayed as decisive, change-orientated, pugnacious, eloquent but fair.  In between the lines you get the impression that he is a formidable political infighter. 	I have, however,  a basic credibility problem with the book - how can the author continue to work as a Pentagon journalist if he paints a negative picture of  Rumsfeld?.  I come away wondering if the books analysis is accurate, I'm sure the facts are, but what about the inferences.  Tommy Franks, in retirement, regrets Rumsfelds micromanaging style - something not apparent in this book.  Is Rumsfeld's transformation of the military - and his adherence to Special Operations, flexibility and agility - likely to bring about victory in the ongoing struggles for dominance in Iraq or Afghanistan?    It may bring about an ability to concentrate firepower in any corner of the globe, but what happens thereafter?  This is not discussed and I think is a central part of the debate.   I also think that Rumsfelds is the most talented political operator and communicator in this Administration, but is this a good thing?  Does he concentrate power in the Pentagon to the detriment of the diplomacy that is needed in order to win Allies for the War on Terror?  Again you won't find a whisper about this topic in the book. 	So overall a good grounding, some solid backround facts, however I am left wanting more critical analysis of this transformative and forceful Defense Secretary.       