 The last in a series of technology books which I have just read ( the others were `Where Wizards stay up late' and `The Triumph of the Ethernet'), this describes the World Wide Web and how it originated.  For a start the Web is not the Internet and if you can see the difference between the two, then the book gets very clear.  The Web was created as one communications service which could use the internet, by a group in CERN ( a nuclear research facility) in  Switzerland.   	Tim Berners-Lee came up with the original idea and had the vision and tenacity to push it forward.  This book goes back to the origins of the internet - eg. the ARPANET in the US and various other efforts in Europe to lay the ground work for the Web story. One thing about the backround was the fact that the French internet development effort `Cyclades', initially had more flexibility - allowing software addressing, than ARPANET, however, ultimately the European efforts could not maintain the momentum of the US efforts by virtue of their complex funding and management structures. The US efforts evolved faster, addressing mainly of its initial short comings and gained widespread acceptance.  	Another indicator, mentioned in the book, of the relative speeds of European vs  US development efforts is indicated in the battle for acceptance of TCP/IP vs. OSI standards for computer intercommunication.  OSI is an international standards development organisation, and on the face of it, an international communications standard - even if developed slowly - must triumph over de-facto standards.  However the pace of OSI development was glacial, and TCP/IP worked and continued to work as the internet grew and grew. Eventually TCP/IP gained such widespread acceptance that it was impossible to ignore.  	The pattern repeated itself with the Web - developed in Europe, the first web sites were all European, it was taken up enthusiastically by various US-based  software engineers.  As Berners-Lee was so short staffed, he appealed to volunteers to write browsers for various types of computers - and Marc Anderson in Illonois' National Centre for Supercomputer Applications, wrote a browser (called Mosaic) which was suitable for personal computers. The book makes clear the Anderson's team worked frenetically, but the code design was viewed as very poor  by the CERN team [ they described it as  MarcA mode, i.e. buggy].  However the browser launched the World Wide Web to mass appeal and changed the world. 	The book briefly describes how Berners-Lee saw the need of a forum to control the development of the Web and could only find practical support for this in the US (at MIT), - despite repeated appeals for funding from various European sources, again a missed opportunity for Europe. 	The book has a failing in being too deferential to Berners-Lee (it is co-authored by one of his co-workers in the development effort) but it is an essential read from a European perspective on how the US has the ability, the resources and the ability to recognize and develop innovations     