 Sir Stephen Fox can be seen as the Joseph Kennedy of his day, a man of humble origins, who accumulated vast wealth, served in appointed public office and founded a political dynasty.  Fox started as a servant to the exiled Charles the Second, and gained a reputation for financial discipline, ensuring that Charles' rather haphazard finances funded his rather straitened lifestyle.  Upon the restoration Fox was appointed to the Royal household, though apparently not to the seniority he felt his talent deserved.  Through the book there is an undercurrent of the class-based distain of his backround and his struggle to overcome it.  Fox's main chance came when the King and Court felt that they must establish a permanent force to deter internal revolt (later to become the Coldstream Guards),  this was opposed by Parliament on the grounds that a standing army could take too much power in the land (Cromwell was not long dead, after all). 	Parliamentary opposition meant that the Guards could not be guaranteed funding, and memories of the destruction that unpaid armies had wrought filled the Court with dread.  So Fox was induced to guarantee to pay the army on a regular basis, on the understanding that when the funds became available he could keep a certain amount for himself.  The account of how he raised  and maintained credit, kept up the payments and managed the risk of default are the strongest portion of the book.  It gives a good insight into the evolution of credit financing in early modern Britain. Fox was at the heart of the Treasury and Bank of England's activities as they originated.  As the Guards expanded into an army, especially during the many wars with the Dutch, Fox amassed a fortune through taking the financial risk of paying the army, while waiting for funds to come from taxes authorized by parliament.  	Initially he used borrowed money, however as his fortune increased he was able to use his own funds, thus compounding his wealth. He increasingly loaned money on a private basis, mainly to landowning Aristocracy. He accumulated land himself and eventually was judged to be the `wealthiest commoner in the three Kingdoms'. This aroused much envy at the time, however in his long life Fox did not raise any suspicion of corruption or impropriety.  He used his influence at Court, to ensure that he received the money owed to him more promptly than most, however his reputation with his creditors and with the armed forces (who welcomed the unaccustomed regularity of their payment) was always high. The book seems to be assembled largely from financial records kept by Fox and his associates, and is quite informative about personal and public finance of the day.  There are glimpses, however of the character of the man - he seems to have been driven, if not obsessive, in his public life, constantly striving for appointments by the King, keen for recognition of his raised position by `Society'.  He also seems to have been generous with his time and money to his extended family. He bailed out his sons-in-law on many occasions, tried on numerous occasions to establish budgets for them to live within their means. His preoccupation seems to have been to have a direct heir through his sons, however his only son (Charles) to reach adulthood died childless. Stephen Fox outlived his wife and his son Charles, and at the age of seventy seven, remarried and produced two sons by his second marriage.  It was the second of these sons - Henry- who became a major political figure during the reign of George I and II.   Henry's son Charles-James Fox became an even more influential figure during the American War of Independence.  The book, however, mentions Henry - in his time a hugely controversial figure, eloping with the daughter of the Duke of Richmond, become Paymaster of the Armed forces (as his father had been) - only briefly.  I was quite disappointed in this. Overall the book gives an excellent insight into the origins of the system of public credit through which Britain was to become a major European power. It shows the many false starts, suspicions and faults of the system.  It illustrates to some extent the personal and class rivalries in society of the time     