 This book was referenced in Barry Cowards "The Stuart Age" (an excellent description of 17th Century UK history), and I was hoping to get a detailed description of the trials and tribulations of the English Catholic Community.  The book itself is out of print and I got it on inter-library loan eventually. 	 I have two issues with this book - firstly its a historian's history book but more importantly its focus is on the internal evolution of English Catholic Community almost to the exclusion of outside influences.  For the general reader this is not an introductory  book,  it would be necessary to understand the major events in the post-Elizabethan English Catholic history  - the formation of the seminary at Douai in 1568, the suppression of the English Jesuits 1773,  the restoration of the English hierarcy 1850 and much more.   The author takes it as assumed that the reader is familiar with this, and comments on the impact of these and many other events.  The main area of disappointment for me was the fact that the book is purely focused on the various elements of the English Catholic community of the period - there is no commentary on the how the majority of the English population changed from Roman Catholic to Anglican within 30 years, there is no direct references to  the interaction of the remaining Catholics with the state - how did they live?  What level of threat/intimation did they face?  Did this wax and wane through the period. There are various references - an almost throw-away remark describing the fate of some travelling missionary Jesuits (burnt), a description of how Catholic gentry restricted the activities of priests who lived on their estates (presumably as a compromise with the local authorities) and descriptions of how various disputes about the ownership of Catholic properties had no recourse to common law even as late as 1811.  I read the book to try to understand the process by which the Catholic community co-existed with other religions in this period, and how the various classes within this community pursued their daily lives in terms of politics, business and freedom of expression. None of this is to be found in the book. On the positive side however there are some fascinating insights into the politics of the English Catholic Community.  In the late 1500s the English Catholic hierarchy felt that the church would be restored, and that no real `push' was needed. As the 1600's dawned a most activist `missionary' movement emerged - driven by the counter-reformation and the Jesuits in particular- which created real tensions in Catholic community. A restoration assumed return of confiscated Church lands, something which the remaining Catholic gentry in England realized would be akin to a revolution. Hence the gentry facilitated the missionary movement, whose objective was the conversion of souls rather than restoration of status quo ante.  However even then the missionaries were restricted in their activities by the gentry. Bossy does some valuable work in illustrating the growth in the size of the Catholic Community during this period - he deduces that the community grew or at least was stable in size during this period. Towards the end (1830's) the community grew rapidly due to an influx of Irish immigrants and an intellectual rediscovery of faith (e.g. Newman's Oxford).  This belies a belief in unremitting  persecution of Catholics during the period, however, as mentioned earlier, it is not clear how Catholics interacted with the official state during this period. There are good description of the lives and day-to-day religious practice of the various classes in the make up of the Catholic Clergy during the times. Also there is a vivid description of the tensions between the mass of population, the missionary clergy and the soon-to-be re-established hierarchy in the first fifty years of the 1800's. In summary, this book cleaves tightly to the its title, being focused on the internal dynamics of the community during the period described.  It disappointed me in leaving out the interaction of that community with emerging state and in leaving out any description of how the Community of 1570 differed from that of pre-reformation times.     