 This book sparkles!  History with opinions, researched facts coupled with unvarnished opinions.  Love them or hate them, you can't ignore them.  Macmillan feels that there was too much sentimental tosh about the Versailles Treaty being harsh on the Germans.   She tellingly points out  that within twenty years of the treaty the Germans had Europe at their feet, so  how could their nation and peoples have been vanquished, humiliated and rent asunder?   She has a sceptical eye for the `do-gooders' in the tale such as Woodrow Wilson and the various English Liberals - J.M Keynes, Harold Nicolson etc. who sought virtue rather than victory.  There are a huge cast of characters - Jan Smuts, Robert Cecil, Lord Curzon, who are described with economy and skill. Her main soft spot is for the French Prime Minster Clemenceau, a man usually portrayed as infirm,stubborn and  racked by desire for vengeance on Germany.  Macmillian gives us all of his stubbornness - when leaving the official opening of the Paris peace conference "Balfour (the languid British Foreign Secretary) turned to Clemenceau and apologized for his top hat. ` I was told', he said, ` that it was obligatory to wear one'.  `So', replied Clemenceau, in his bowler, ` was I'. 	The book illustrates the importance of events (dear boy!) and personalities on history, and paradoxically shows the impotence of the personalities assembled at Versallies to come to terms with the changes unleashed by the fall of the Central European Empires and the aspirations unleashed by Wilson's fourteen points [ `God himself was content with ten commandments' - Clemenceau again, quoted with no little relish!].  Their personal foibles - Lloyd George's manipulation, Wilson's arrogance and Clemenceau's stubbornness  - made the group dysfunctional, and Macmillian gives a brilliant description of this process.   The question which is begged, and unanswered, is whether the task was achievable in the first place.  Each of the main characters went to Versailles hoping the set the world to rights.    Can the forces unleashed by the desire for self-determination among peoples who self-definition is exclusive and antagonistic, be controlled by political agreement of the larger powers?  Who arbitrates right versus might?  These are questions we are still asking today.     