 This book lends itself to an interesting reinterpretation of English Society in the  late 17th and early 18th Centuries.  Classically the view has been that English society threw off the yoke of absolutism in Glorious Revolution and established a liberal polity based on agreed limits and divisions of power.  Monod uses multiple sources to show that, in fact, questions of legitimacy and corruption occupied almost all strata of English society and that the government - made up of a coalition of the Monarch and powerful magnates, operating through parliament, - used quite restrictive, if not repressive, measures to establish and maintain civil power and social order.  The book is especially revealing on the general disbelief that George, the elector of Hannover - a relative bumpkin among Monarchs, could ascend the throne of England, and a despair that the Stuart Pretender could not be made to accommodate himself to the Protestantism of the English public.  The stresses involved in maintaining the Hanovarian monarchy and the Whig political ascendancy can be seen through the oppressive, but legal processes, by which order was maintained. Monod makes excellent use of court proceedings to establish the unofficial, popular undercurrent of rebelliousness which allied itself to the Stuart cause.  He is quite clear in the evolution of Jacobitism from being held to be oppressive and absolutist during the 1680's, to becoming associated with liberty and legitimacy as the 18th Century draws on.   There are particularly moving court testimonies from people of all classes accused of Jacobitism,   who assert the lack of clear moral basis of the regime.  One interesting sidelight is the development of the Grand Tour, as Britain came to become a major European power, so the sons of the gentry were dispatched through Europe - especially France and Italy - for their education. The lure of the forbidden - ie meeting the Pretender and his circle- tempted many and overcame quite a few.   This however is about the only use of contemporary European experience, which is one of the two main flaws I found with the book. Even though the title focuses on the English people, I think it is necessary to be informed about the evolving policies of the exiled Jacobite court, its relationship with various French monarchs, its oscillation between Catholic counter-reformation policies and accommodations with English mainstream belief, the interactions and rivalries of the various English, Irish and Scottish claims of loyalty, and the characters of the various Jacobite claimants.   The book mentions these only incidentally and I feel is much less clear because of that fact.  Without this perspective, English Jacobitism seems akin to anarchism, whereas for most of the 18th Century it had a clear set of beliefs and structure, however limited it was in achieving them.  The other flaw I found with the book is its overestimation of the popularity of Jacobitism in England itself.  Obviously, at this remove it is hard to be definitive but some effort has to be made to establish the facts.  I am unconvinced by Monod's descriptions of poplar support for the uprisings of 1715 and 1745. The fact that Scottish highlander and English recusants joined the '45 is clear, however I think it is also clear that the general English population left both sides to fight it out - nether overtly resisting nor helping the progress of the Stuart Pretenders.  The fact the Monod and enumerate and almost name the English recruits who joined Bonny Prince Charlie on his march south in 1745, seems to me to indicate the dearth of his support rather than its breadth.  These caveats aside, the book is well worth reading for its clarification of the unease and tension in English society as it transitions to become a major European military and economic  power.      