   The closing scene of the movie pitches up a 1970's New York skyline with the Twin Towers clearly visible - what does this mean?, is it saying the terrorism is inevitable and violent means to try to stop are futile?  Does it means that the methods to combating terrorism portrayed by the movie - selective assassination - were not aggressive enough?. If the focus of this movie is to get us to think about our reaction to terrorism then I believe it is not clear enough.  If it is to focus on the effects of carrying out selective assassinations on the perpetrators, then I think it is too wooden and bleeding-heart.   	As a movie there are some good points - the recreation of 1970s cityscapes is excellent - where did they get all the cool cars?  However there are significant plot flaws - who are the French guys who keeping supplying information to the Israelis about the whereabouts of the Terrorists?  Wouldn't you think the Palestinians might  become suspicious?   The French are presumably arms dealers, but the leader -`Papa' is shown as having a big family and we are treated to some stereotypical nonsense about the Papa's love of cooking and meals in the garden.  The actor who plays `Papa', did almost the same strange routine in the movie Ronin, only this time he gets to talk about cheese and truffles instead of Japanese warrior-dolls .  There is another scene where the Israeli hit team inadvertently share a safe house with a PLO team, and they talk.... Give me a break....This whole scene should have been cut.... later of course they exchange gunfire.   	There is a good acting performance from Ciaran Hinds, who plays a middle aged agent who is realistically conflicted about his role.  Eric Bana - the lead actor - also emerges well, I think.  As an actor he has an uncanny ability to emerge from dreadful movies with his reputation unshredded; he did well in the Troy movie despite its being a complete Turkey [ yes, intended].   He manages to hold our interest through the movie, despite there being up to an hour of excess dialogue.   Poor Geoffrey Rush seems to have kept the glasses from his Peter Sellers movie, he plays the Mossad controller of the hit team, but I kept expecting him to break into Dr. Strangelove voices.  Almost every Israeli general was played by someone who escaped from the home for bewildered wooden acting - one poor guy gets introduced by Geoffrey Rush's character as " this is General so-and-so, from the army of the North", he hugs Bana, says "well done", smiles and leaves. That's it, the guy manages to make it look like he's a plumber moonlightling in the movies. 	There was room here for a better story - the sets were good, the tension was evident, there was even a flicker of humour :  Bana's character was let loose in Europe with unlimited funds, but being a government operation, we see him being warned to `get receipts', as he initially  meets his French contact he is asked what he needs for his mission, his answer is `I really need receipts'.  More of this could have moved this movie along.   Speilberg is trying too hard for balance here - which is  just impossible with this topic, it would have been more realistic to give the characters white and black hats and get on with it.  By concentrating too hard on a message (which message?) the dialogue becomes wooden,  everybody - PLO, Mossad, mothers, wives, politicians, the French -  talks about homeland, justice, sacrifice ,and the spark drains from the film   A pity about this movie , it seems a sincere, but confused attempt to split the difference in a polarising topic.     