 This is the story of the handheld PDA and its development.   Originally an idea of  Jeff Hawkins, he brought Donna Dubinsky on board as CEO to start a company to develop what became the Palm Pilot.  Along the way both struggle to get enough capital to continue to make the product a success.   They eventually get backing from  3 Com and while the capital is available, dealing with 3Com management becomes a major issue.  Both eventually leave to from Handspring, and the story stops about a year into the new company, with Palm the dominant supplier of PDAs, but seemingly mismanaged, and Handspring's future uncertain. 	The punches are surely pulled when describing the investors of capital in the business (there were many) - why would the story be so torturous if there had been more belief among the major investors in either the product and/or the management? Another issue which I read into the story, is the sheer difficulty of working with the vision team that is Hawkins/Dubinsky - each non-Palm manger who is brought in by  3 com to develop the product seems to be confused, visionless or plain wrong.  I began to have sympathy for the folks who had to manage Palm during the long-running dispute that led to their departure.  From this book's viewpoint it looks as if only the original team of true believers could deliver the product, the process and the profits.   I was not convinced. 	Hawkins seems to have developed the operating systems and handprint recognition software that was the basis of the original product.  He and Dubinsky argued against licensing this software while at Palm and yet were the primary beneficiaries of such a license when they formed Handspring.  Hawkins in particular seems obsessed with the product rather than the system, and this I feel must limit the Proliferation of the PDA concept - surely the reason that the PC overcame Apples' first mover advantage was the decision by IBM to license the operating system.  Most of the early Palm personnel were ex-Apple, so maybe the lesson was not well learned.   [There is, incidentally, a deliciously vicious description of the failure of the Apple Newton, the first attempt at a mass market PDA]    	I came away from the book feeling that Hawkins/Dubinsky were an excellent, driven duo, who can inspire fierce loyalty and overcome challenges to develop a product, but their vision may not be wide enough to make the PDA a ubiquitous system, as opposed to a handy device for technophiles.     