 This is a cracker of a book, concise, well paced and alive to actual outcomes and possibilities.   It describes a convention held in 1917 to establish a process whereby various Irish representatives were encouraged to come together to work out a method of self-rule. The convention was a response to the crisis precipitated by the 1916 Rebellion in Dublin.  The parties were encouraged by a British government distracted by the life-and-death struggle of World War One.  Modelled on a conference held in South Africa, it invited representatives of Irish non-violent nationalism, Southern Unionism and Northern Unionism (the last two are quite different - read the book) along with clergy, unions and an author or two.   McDowell describes the proceedings with a significant eye for character and argument, while not shying away from the foreboding overhanging the entire proceeding due to the Southern Irish public's increasing attraction to what McDowell politely refers to as `Advanced nationalism' i.e. Sinn Fein.   	The Northern unionist came to the Convention to water down the Home Rule provisions which had been legislated, but not implemented, in 1914; the Nationalists wished to increase those provisions.  The Southern unionists could have played a levelling role, but the irrelevance of the proceedings was only increased by the parties inability to reach any sort of an agreement.  Lloyd George hoped that a minimum of two of the three parties might agree, but this was beyond their powers  	I was quite surprised to see the level and nature of the participation of the Catholic clergy- it was detailed, serious and at times, more entrenched even than the Nationalists.  There was much discussion of methods to allow the different communities in Ulster to participate in the envisaged self-rule, some discussion centred on letting each Ulster county decide. One Bishop (of Raphoe, I think) stated that his careful study had found that most Nationalists in Ulster lived above a certain elevation above sea-level and most Unionists below; therefore it might be as well if people above that elevation level gave allegiance to Dublin and below it to Belfast or London.  McDowell gives this nugget with a cheerful nod to the Bishops erudition, if not his administrative acumen!. 	As we are aware, post war elections swept the Nationalists and Southern Unionists into political oblivion, and the reciprocal anathemas of self-rule and partition confronted the parties who remained - Sinn Fein and the Northern Unionists.  This, roughly is where we are today, with the added problem that whereas the Convention undertook negotiation about how to practice self rule within a sovereign union, now Anglo-Irish negotiations have a backdrop of a conflict of loyalties between two sovereign  states, making agreement trickier than ever.  	This is a magnificent book, detailed, informed, short and readable - an amazing combination.     