 First the book, then the author.  	this book is a description of ordinary, Irish rural life, set in the 1980s.  There is very little by way of plot, it reflects the effect of the changing seasons on rural life and is interspersed with random events that do not form `plot points' but more resemble the happenings in real life.   The beautiful descriptions of the changing face of the countryside, through the seasons, is the main draw of the book for me (but what is sedge?).  The characters range from the strange yet endearing to the the hostile and repulsive.  I think that both the central characters - Joe and Kate, and some of the more peripheral characters lack depth and credibility. Joe and Kate, are the perfect couple, accepting, living the rural `good life', having withdrawn from the  sophisticated urban lifestyle. 	The book itself has a curious emptiness, a passage describes Joe as believing his current contentment and absence of pain is what he will remember as happiness in the future, if and when, things take a turn for the worse. With the  	core emptiness, comes a foreboding about the future.  The character best drawn, in my view, in a simpleton - Bill Evans - who calls to Joe and Kate each day on his way to the well.  Bill lives in the eternal present, neither reflective nor judgemental.    I believe he is the metaphor for the book as a whole.  	John MaGahern, is the last of the Greats.  His early work, featuring clear eyed  	descriptions of the abuses which were a hidden part of Irish life, were banned  in Ireland in the 1950s. Such was the power of the banning that MaGahern lost his teaching job and spent many years in hardship.  His early work has been described (in retrospect) as the clarion call to honesty in the face of the unacceptable, which is the basic function of literature (think Solzhenitsyn). Through the ordeal of his life - relative poverty, official rejection - he has maintained a lack of bitterness towards official Ireland (church and state) which can either be  regarded as the product of  brain-washing or magnanimity of a Mandela.  This book has been described as his attempt to indicate how Irish society may work out a  reconciliation between its tradition and its reality, i.e. the traumas of modernisation and the revelation of official corruption have dethroned officially-defined church and state, and yet nothing has replaced the need for community spirituality.  It has been said that this book is MaGahern's proposal in this regard.     