  It seems strange to complain that a three hour movie rushes through its plotlines, but that's how I felt.  The plot is complex, the characters stumble into a new world where animals can talk, winter is permanent and the Queen is malevolent.  So there is a quite a bit to introduce, and the entrance to the new world being in a wardrobe doesn't help. It seems to me that the scriptwriter was concerned to get this one book into one movie, because there are more books in the series.  I felt that if this had got the Lord of the Rings treatment it would have taken at least six hours to tell the story.  Immensely more should have made of  the significance of the thaw which accompanies the return of Aslan.  Aslan himself seems quite a remote character.  The author of the book meant Aslan's character to represent Christ, but the movie toned this down to a point where I think it was nearly imperceptible.  Aslan's self-sacrifice, the breaking of the stone and his reappearance were rushed through as it if were a checklist rather than a drama,  compare this with Gandalf's exit and reappearance and I think you see what could have been done  The battle scene was similarly perfunctory. 	Unfortunately the main actors were weak, the story of their discovery of the wardrobe had a very Enid Blyton feel - complete with the strange adults.  I once saw a hilarious satire on Enid Blyton called `Five Go Mad on Mescaline' and this kept going through my mind when these very English children plodded through the story. The actor who plays the Queen exemplified the weakness of the movie - she seemed to me neither evil enough nor conflicted enough. In the battle she drove a chariot pulled by two polar bears - the cold metaphor, I guess - however the thing  looked lumbering and ridiculous.  In general the animals were simulated/photographed very well, however I think when you mix human and animated characters, the main attention goes to the humans, and in this case they couldn't hold that attention. 	Overall I think this movie might have worked better if it was completely animated, if more time had been taken to follow the story rather than rush through it. And it should have been more honest about whether it was trying to relate the Christian theme or not.      