 Child's first book in this series outlined the origins of Charles II's army - a motley, poorly financed mixture of part timers, landed gentry and mercenaries.  James II took the army he inherited in 1685 and moved it towards become a professional force. In this he was lucky to have stable (and increasing) finance from an increasingly prosperous country, and this allowed him to increase the resources available to the armed forces. Childs is ambiguous towards James's efforts, he acknowledges the increasing professionalisation in the army itself, its administration and the structures necessary to cope with the expanded number of ex-soldiers, however in general he views James as attempting to remove the army from any influence of Parliament or the judiciary.  Childs feels that James was attempting to use the army as an instrument of the crown which would be used to promote royal absolutism, of the kind that Louis XIV was establishing in France.  This has been argued by later scholars, however James's reign was so short that even if this was his aim, he did not come close to its achievement.  Ironically the instrument of his destruction was the army itself, prompted by a group of senior officers, promoted by James, who came to fear his purges of army personnel in Ireland would extend to themselves.   They formed a series of groups, who deserted to William of Orange during the Glorious Revolution. Childs views James tactics during Williams invasion as being quite defensible, and that the time of year (Winter) played a major role in sapping the morale of both James and his  army, but that the coup-de-grace was the series of desertions of senior officers which threw his owns plans into confusion. 	The book gives excellent descriptions of the Anglo-Dutch brigade and the condition and changes of the Irish army during James' reign.  The Anglo-Dutch brigade was a body of English and Scottish soldiers, who served the army of the United Provinces, but remained British subjects - therefore obliged to return to England at the command of the James whenever required.  They were recalled in 1685 to defeat Monmouth, being a superior professional force, and in early 1688 in an attempt to promoted disunion in the force, which was seen as partial to William.   The purge of the Irish army during the reign, led by Lord Tyrconnell, which replaced protestants in the ranks with catholics  is well documented.  Childs makes the point that it was not the dismissal of Protestant officers, so much as the fact that they were not compensated for the loss of their commissions (the Catholic officers were, in general, impoverished), which caused the most trouble.  This influenced the professional officers in the English army, who had no personal resources to fall back on, to fear for their welfare should  James extend the purge to the English army. Ironically Childs indicates that James was, at best, lukewarm about the changes underway in the Irish army.  	This book is the product of a significant amount of work profiling officers within the contemporary English army and gives an exceptional view of the tumult of this short, but pivotal time in the British political and military history.     