 This work describes the aftermath of the departure of Walpole from the house of Commons.  Walpole's long reign resulted from his ability to be `The Kings Minister in the Commons, and the representative of the Commons with the King", bridging the effective power structures of the day.   The fact that Walpole was the first person to fashion this role, and the fact that he did not acknowledge the importance of the position, meant that his successors - Carteret and Pulteney - did not see the need for balance between the power structures.  Carteret, in particular, being the King's favourite, saw no need to placate or persuade the Commons and gradually alienated that body.  Gradually the King's foreign policy, and the need to finance it, became a source of instability in the Commons.  The book is excellent in its description of the intricacies of the interaction between Court and Commons to ensure the stability of the Monarchy and the day-to-day financing of policy decisions.   		Owen is very clear in describing the gradual realisation by the King the Lords and the Commons, that a Prime Minister position was required.  He also clarifies that the Secretaries of State saw themselves as operating the policy of the King (rather than of the country or the commons) and therefore the concept of continuous parliamentary opposition was slow to evolve.   He clearly demonstrates Pelham's inheritance of the awareness for balance from Walpole and clearly illustrates Pelham's ability to co-opt any leaders of the opposition (e.g. Pitt) into government, whereas Walpole's policy was to isolate them on the opposition benches.  		Owen's debt to Namier is illustrated by the details the changing voting patterns, together with names, titles etc. of the Commons.  This latter can tend to deaden the narrative, but does lend authenticity.   The threat of Jacobitism (both in the Commons and in the Country) is almost completely ignored, the events of the '45 are mentioned in passing, as yet another task for the Pelhams to get through.   Indeed Owen's view of the commons is of a house made up of  gentlemen who were naturally suspicious of the wielding of centralized power (Tories), those who - through various levels of reluctance - acknowledge the material progress of the age (Whigs) and ambitious men who wished to achieve power through service of the King.   		The book is a solid read through the turbulent times which followed the fall of Walpole, and shows how British political society came to terms with the new political forces unleashed by the Glorious Revolution and the financial progress of the early 18th Century     