  Up to the reign of Charles I, British armies had been temporary, voluntary gatherings, who assembled at the prompting of the Monarch and were funded by a combination of local gentry and taxes. Cromwell's New Model Army was a highly-disciplined, permanently constituted army containing large number of politically motivated officers and was used to repress both King and (eventually) Parliament.  	Neither mode - voluntary, temporary or political-permanent - fitted the needs of the restored Court of Charles II and it is to this era that Childs ascribes the origin of the British army. The fact that the army was to be permanent provoked widespread controversy at the time, parliament increasingly viewed it as a potential instrument for regal oppression and an affront to liberty.  Charles II definitely saw the army as a bulwark against further outbreaks of revolution. Childs makes the point that the army did, in fact, report solely to the Monarch and, while never a political force, did not feel compelled to justify itself to the elected representatives.  However, as a permanent force in the pay of a perennially cash-strapped King, it ultimately needed the funds which only parliament could approve, to continue its existence. This, and the fact that large numbers of the office class saw it fitting to serve in local or central electoral office, served to ensure that the uneasy stalemate over the army did not descend to revolution or coup in the reign of Charles II.   	Childs account of the origins and tensions of Charles II's army pays particular attention to the recruits, the military life and the administration required to finance the army.  He makes useful distinctions between the Gentlemen Officers - who saw military office as part of their - usually wealthy - status,  and the Professional Officers who needed active employment as their sole means of support. He shows that in peacetime the army was officered by the Gentlemen, while the Professionals became mercenaries in more militarily active powers - e.g France, Netherlands.  The professionals gained experience which formed the core of the larger British armies of the Williamite and early Georgian eras. 	Interestingly (for me) he holds that Ireland was in the forefront of the recognition of the necessity to cope with the social needs of a permanent army - being the first to provide permanent barracks and a hospital for old soldiers (Kilmainham).  The armies of Scotland, Ireland and England were separate legal entities. There is much description of the how much the English army learned tactics, training, equipment from the dominant French military of the day - generals such as Vabaun and Turenne were the leading military innovators of the day, and greatly influenced those who would become the core of the British armies of later years.  	Perhaps the greatest challenge in Charles II's army was the task of administering the army in terms of provision of accommodation, provisions, training and equipment. Childs is excellent at illustrating the dawning realization of the needs of efficient administration and reliable financing. This challenge eventually called forth excellent administrators - e.g. Sir William Blathwayt (Pepy's equivalent in the Army), however he is also clear that this was the start of the era of great corruption which plagued the army into Hanovarian times. Sir Stephen Fox, who regulated the payment of the army, while emerging as the wealthiest commoner in the Kingdom, gets a mention. 	The second half of the book describes the `overseas' activities of the army. Charles II acquired colonies in Tangier and Bombay, which he had to garrison. As ever he was short of money and the consequent deprivations of the garrisons make harrowing reading. North American colonies `suffered' benign neglect, while the West Indies were the scenes of some battles with the Dutch and French, perhaps because they were seen as a source of great wealth in terms of trade.  Charles tried to maintain a trained army on the cheap by allowing his troops to fight for foreign armies - Dutch, Portugese and French in particular. This led to enormous complications due to Charles duplicitous foreign policies.  	I enjoyed the book, however I would have liked if two issues had been clarified, what were the interactions (if any) between the army and the local militia (trained bands), both were at the service of the King, but the trained bands varied in loyalty and quality by regions.  Also it would be interesting to see how the army and navy interacted during this time. All in all however this is a useful start in terms of military history of the later Stuart Era.     