 A curious book, describing a confict which was seen by both main protagonists as a sideshow to the main stuggle for dominance.    William of Orange fought the (Irish) Jacobite forces in 1690 and 1691. Though William;s forces achieved superiority in July 1690 at the Battle of the Boyne, the Jacobite forces fought on for another eighteen months, finally surrendering at the Treaty of Limerick.  William;s forces were increasingly anxious to finish the Irish campaign wishing to consolidate their hold on England and pursue the struggle against the French on the continent.  Therefore they issued increasingly attractive terms to induce the Irish Jacobites to surrender, thus after the Boyne, William declared that anyone who surrendered would not be punished and could keep their possessions (though not their lands),  while by the following year, anyone who was declared to be within area controlled by the Jacobites, could keep their estates if they surrendered.  This created a huge anomaly, and was largely worked out by letting most former rebels keep their estates.  The book describes the ensuing power struggle between William, who wanted to reward his favourites with whatever lands were forfeit by Jacobites who fled (interestingly most who stayed managed to hold onto their lands);  the English Parliament which wanted to sell the forfeit lands to defray the expense of the campaign and the Irish (mostly Protestant) Parliament  who wanted to ensure that Catholics did not buy the forfeit lands and who wanted to assert their independence of the English parliament.  The legal wranglings - surprisingly formal and well documented.  went on for the best part of a decade and form the basis of the book.  In the end the English Parliament largely won, William, due to his increasing dependence on money voted by the English Parliament , had to yield. The Irish parliament was largely sidestepped, however all three parties were intent on the suppression of Catholicism, and the laws introduced in both parliaments in the early 1700's prohibiting  inheritance of real estate by  Catholics, served to drastically reduce the number of Catholics among the landed gentry, who formed the political class of the times.     