 The book outlines the backgrounds of some of the key figures in George W. Bush's first administration.  One of them - Richard Armitage - in the aftermath of  9/11 utters the immortal line "History begins today", to warn a Pakistani ambassador who is being less than wholly co-operative. It represents, in a way, the post Cold War thinking of the group described in the book as the Vulcans ; loosely categorized by the view that the USA has become the pre-eminent global economic and military power and every other country needs to accommodate itself to that fact. The book makes clear that past internal Republican Party personality and policy disputes play a significant part in the evolution of George W.'s foreign policy, so history does play a part.  	The book's basic premise is that since at least the mid 1970's there has been an ongoing clash between `pragmatists' and `moralists' within the Republican party over foreign and defence policy.  Henry Kissinger is seen as the arch-pragmatist, whose dtente policy with the Soviet Union was seen either as a practical step in managing a conflict or an amoral compromise between the forces of democracy and those of totalitarianism.  Brent Scowcroft and Colin Powell are seen by the author as inheritors of the pragmatic polices of the Kissinger era.  The opposition to the pragmatists within the Republican Party (the Democrats are seen as not having a realistic foreign or defence policy since the mid 1960s)  are at various stages represented by the Vulcans of the books title - Chaney, Rumsfeld, Wolfowitz and Perle.  In the 1970s the moralists lobbied for more US recognition of Soviet dissent, in the 1980s for more active opposition to Soviet and socialist regimes - e.g. in Afghanistan and Nicaragua, and in retrospect the 1990s policies of the Vulcans were seen (at least by themselves)  as the driving forces which led to the collapse of the Soviet Union. 	The book presents the various Republican presidents as having to choose between these poles - Nixon totally within the pragmatic/compromise wing, Ford initially pragmatic/status-quo position, but shift towards a more aggressive stance - to the point where he would not use the word dtente towards the end of his term. This later represented the eclipse of Kissinger and the rise of Rumsfeld/Cheney. Regan was seen as very moralistic  in his first term - unaided by either Rumsfeld or Cheney - he labelled the Soviet Union `The Evil Empire', however the books shows how his interaction with Gorbachev softened his administration to the point where the Elder Bush's personnel sought to reassert the tough positions of the early 1980s when they came to power.  	The Cold-War portion of the book is quiet plausible and well-researched, based on well-regarded accounts and historical sources.  The book well illustrates the post-Cold War confusion about US defence and foreign policy. Cheney initially regards the Soviet threat enduring, even after the collapse of the Soviet Union - however within eighteen months he switches to the justification that US defence expenditure is necessary to counteract the instability and potential chaos of post Soviet Russia. 	The efforts to devise a post Cold War foreign and defence policy are shown primarily form the point of view of the Pentagon. The book makes the case that the pragmatic Colin Powell doctrine  - the US should use military force only when there are clear/limited/attainable military objectives, when there is overwhelming force and when the US people have been engaged and persuaded by the policy - was gradually changed by the Wolfowitz/Rumsfeld/Cheney policy of keeping the US militarily pre-eminent to deter the emergence of potential rivals.    It is possible to argue this in the light of the failures of Yugoslavia and the ongoing stalemate in Iraq during the 1990s, however these areas are beyond the books narrative, unfortunately. 	The real impetus to the evolution of the  pre-eminence policy  was the 9/11 attack. The invasion of Afghanistan was, to a certain extent, predicated on the lunacy of the Taliban's regime giving shelter to Al Qaeda.; however the book tries to put the Iraq invasion into the context of an evolving policy of encouragement of democracy - in effect the moralists adopting a Wilsonian foreign policy in an overtly aggressive way.  It is here that the book, in my opinion, is at its weakest - it is very difficult to see the attack on Iraq as part of an overall US policy; to me the Iraq invasion - which I support - is more a one-off result of a combination of circumstances - unfinished business between Saddam and the Bush family, the monstrosities of the Saddam regime towards its own people, the corruption of the UN sanctions efforts,   I do not see it as a realistic basis for future US policy. 	I believe the main weakness of the book is to leave out the character of George W. Bush - Mann would argue that George W. played no part in the evolution of Republican foreign or defence policy in the 1980s or 90s - however the books shows how the Vulcans, in common with all Presidential appointees, must vie for the ear and favour of the President, and this entails quite a few twists and turns on the path to influence. I find it inconceivable that the Iraq invasion would have gone ahead under any other President, I also find it inconceivable that after Afghanistan any other country (Somalia and Yemen were considered) would have been invaded by the GW Bush administration.  	Fundamentally the book is a collective biography, surprisingly perhaps Powell and Rice are unfavourably viewed - Powell as being very political, but too pragmatic to be influential with George W., Rice is seen as playing to both camps.  There is a good description of Powells appointment as Secretary of State to George W. - he is necessary to lend gravitas and credibility, but almost immediately the `moralist' wing try to counterbalance his role, and ultimately this falls to Cheney/Rumsfeld.   I think the books misses a key point about Powell as Secretary of State - he did not appear to me to act as the US's chief diplomat, he did not travel sufficiently and did not effectively convince a wide range of allies to support the US policy.  Powell's supporters would say that it was not his policy and that his presence in Washington was necessary to influence this policy, however I think this is incorrect.  The fact remains that with the appointment of Powell, the G.W Bush administration has former Pentagon chiefs in all the main policy areas, and I think this meant that military options and opinions dominated its policy making and diplomacy.    Rice fares worst in this book - she is seen as being on both sides of the argument between the pragmatists and the moralists, without leading either.  This again I think is a weakness in the book, Rice had no history in the debates of the 1970s and 80s, she is primarily George W's advisor and as such reserves most of her influence for final discussions with the President.  	Rumsfeld is seen as the toughest, most able Vulcan.  He is suitably ruthless  -  he moves against a rival within the Ford administration by suggesting that Ford needs a Presidential study and seeing to it that the rival's office is taken for the purpose, thus removing him from access and influence.   Cheney is described as an able administrator, solemn, discreet , persuasive within the administration, but crucially lacking in mass communication skills. Wolfowitz is described as an ideas man, driving the policy but losing out on the play for influence, being relegated to non-cabinet roles.  The book shows Wolofwitz to be a convinced, right-wing US patriot. He is the one who most clearly espouses the Wilsonian view of the US as guarantor of democratic values.   I see no reason for the inclusion of Richard Armitage in this group - I would have preferred to read more about Donald Freith, Lewis Libby or even Tommy Franks,  Armitage seems to be included because, paradoxically for a Vietnam Veteran, he ended up on the less hawkish side of the arguments in the post 9/11 administration.  	In all, I think the book is strong on the evolution of the foreign and defence policy debates within the various Republican administrations since the ending of the Vietnam War. It is especially good on the emergence of the Cheney/Rumsfeld/Wolfowitz group,   However I think its character profiles are uneven and I think it does not take sufficient account of the character of individual Presidents in the shaping of policy in reaction to contemporary events.      