 This, apparently, is one of the first German films to deal with Hitler up-close.  I saw it in the cinema, in German, with subtitles.  The film is told through the eyes of one of Hitler's young secretaries, who remains loyal to him as the regime disintegrates and Hitler's senior henchmen desert him.   The film disturbed me in that I felt some admiration for those who stayed loyal, even though it is quite clear in the dialogue that Hitler and his clique were cruel beyond belief.  The atmosphere in the bunker is increasingly doom-laden, occasionally lightened by the apparently brainless antics of Eva Braun and the descent into alcoholic stupor of some of Hitler's praetorian guard.    	The actor who plays Hitler is mesmeric, flying into uncontrollable rages and torrents of German invective; it was a thoroughly convincing, and alienating, performance.  Eva Braun's character is also well played, the light-weight is in denial of what is to come, but nevertheless knows that the end in near. The Goebbel's (husband and wife) are too shallow for me, however the wife convincingly  plays the most horrific sequence I have ever seen on screen [ you will know it when you have seen the movie].   In all there is a convincing level of accuracy about the movie - it becomes obvious that all the scenes could have been observed by someone who survives the bunker.     	At the end of the film I was left with the clear impression of what a crazed individual Hitler was, however I was completely perplexed as to why the German people followed Hitler and his cronies, especially when the Russian offensive turned into a retreat, from 1943 onwards.  There is an acute illustration of the sufferings of the Germans in the late stages of the war.  The last section of the film contains documentary footage of Hitler's secretary from 2002, when as an old lady she gave a half-hearted recognition of the part she played in the genocide that the Hitler regime unleashed.  I found her words very grudging and blinkered and I think this was a good addition to the film; because even the most innocent and ignorant of this clique participated, even in small ways,  in the a series of monstrous crimes through the period of the Nazi rule of Germany and Europe. In the end they are all shamed, those who were loyal to Hitler and those who deserted him.      