 This is a very informative account of the almost haphazard Civil War between  James II and William of Orange which was fought out in Ireland in 1690-1.    The  Restoration of Charles II to the British throne in 1660, was not accompanied by any restoration of Irish land confiscated by Cromwell in the preceeding twenty years.  This was a cause of contention in Ireland, however the prospect of the ascension of a Catholic monarch (James II) held the prospect of restitution for the disposed.  	James's actual ascension in 1685 proved to be a time of anticipation and nervousness for the haves and have nots in Ireland.  He  appointed Tyrconnell his viceroy and Catholics felt their time had come. When James fled to France after the Coup d'Etat in England, Tyrconnell urged resistance to William and made moves to seize control.   James, somewhat reluctantly, landed in Ireland and the Jacobite cause seized almost the entire island - except some areas of the north.    James called a Parliament in Dublin to try to raise money for an invasion of England, however the parliament proved very divisive as James was reluctant to restore Catholic land holdings  at the expense of current (mainly Protestant) holders, for fear of alarming England.  The Parliament disillusioned potential Irish support, without  encouraging English opposition to William. 	The main part of the book concerns the battles, which James and William fought in Ireland. Despite initial success James's forces were quite indecisive and divided and, as soon as William started to succeed large numbers of the Jacobite forces changed sides - quite a number of battles seemed to have been lost due to treachery, and most of the reasons for the Jacobites continuing to fight were due to William's uncompromising postion in regard to negotiation.  	The battle and Treaty of Limerick was the final stage in the struggle - James having left Ireland, Tryconnel having died - the Jacobite remnants negotiated and extraordinary surrender, where those who swore loyalty could recover their lands, and those who did not could be transported to France , by Williams fleet, to fight William's forces on the Continent!  The legal complexities of this treaty form the centre piece of another of Simm's works entitled "The Williamite Confiscations" 	Overall this is an excellent read, very clear about a muddled and controversial period of Irish history.     