 Paranoia by Joseph Finder is a terrific success. The main character is Adam Cassidy, a twenty-something slacker at a tech company.  He prides himself at doing as little work as possible, spending his days surfing the web.  He gets carried away, and as a joke sets up a retirement party for a blue-collar worker that costs $76,000 (but as you read the book, you question whether it was really a joke, that Cassidy might not recognize his own motivation).  He tries to lie his way out of the mess, but his boss spots the lie and gives him a choice -- become an industrial spy for the company or be prosecuted for embezzlement and other crimes.  Of course he becomes a spy. Cassidy is set up to be hired by a competitor of his company, with instructions to find out about a revolutionary new project.  He finds that, unlike his old company, the company he's spying on is run by a real pioneer who cares about people.  Caught between his growing admiration for his new boss and his fear of what his old boss will do to him, Cassidy tries to satisfy both, something that is clearly impossible and yet emotionally makes sense. Plausibility is something that trips up many thrillers.  The author seems to present solutions to the obvious objections that would arise as to how Cassidy pulls off impersonating a highly skilled executive when he's lived his working life as a slacker.  Part of the answer is that he gets daily briefings from his old company on how to deal with problems at work.  The rest of the answer is that he's smarter than he seems; he's clearly a chronic underachiever.  Faced with a real challenge, he becomes in some ways a better person even while he is lying and breaking into people's offices. Many thrillers have become the literary equivalents of action/adventure movies.  That is, gunplay and violence are the way tension is generated.  Here there is very little violence, and Cassidy engages in no superhuman feats of strength or courage.  The most dangerous he does (physically at least) is to use window cleaner equipment to rapel down the outside of a building.  He also hides in a closet for several hours, not exactly a heroic act.  Finder is such a skilled writer, however, that the efforts of Cassidy to fake skills he really doesn't have generate more suspense than the gunfights that fill most books. Finder wastes nothing.  Cassidy has an dying father who was not that great when he was younger, but now as he is dying is almost a monster under the influence of the drugs he must take and his looming death.  That Cassidy puts up, as much as possible, with his father humanizes someone who otherwise might be a contemptible character.  And it also ties neatly into the ending. The ending of the book is brillant, and avoids (as so much of the rest of the book does) the easy cliches of a typical thriller.  While it in no way suggests a sequel, the ending leaves me wanting to know what Cassidy does with his life.  Others may disagree, but in some ways his experience should leave with the knowledge that he is a stronger and better person that he first appears.  But whether he knows that or not is open to debate.  This book is the rare combination of intelligence and suspense.  I highly recommend it.     