 I was excited to see Fallen Dragon, having greatly enjoyed Hamilton's Night's Dawn series (issued as a trilogy in Britain but in six parts here).  Night's Dawn showed tremendous invention and a wide scope; indeed, so wide that at times the main characters disappeared for hundreds of pages. Unfortunately, Fallen Dragon is much more limited.  The main character is a soldier in a corporate army that is used periodically to loot worlds in order to fatten corporate profits.  He has come to realize the futility of his life in a corporation where advancement depends in large part on having enough money to buy shares in the corporation.  Promotions are for practical purposes sold as they were in European armies of the 18th and early 19th centuries.  His hope is to find valuable treasure hidden by the colonists of the world his army has come to loot, and to steal it for himself. The weaknesses of the book are many.  Anyone expecting the richness of ideas found in Night's Dawn will be disappointed.  Moreover, the characters often act illogically, with people who are supposed to be intelligent actually being quite stupid.  For example, although the soldiers are understandably met with riots when they land, and further alienate the colonists by placing explosive devices on people (including children) that will be detonated randomly if there is resistence, the army of occupation schedules a soccer game with the locals as a good will gesture.  This makes as much sense the Germans playing soccer with the locals in the Soviet Union or Yugoslavia, where the Nazis were met with intense resistence.  Similarly, at times the occupying army seems to be ready to behave with great ruthlessness, but never really does despite great provocation.   This novel is too long by several hundred pages; unlike the digressions in Night's Dawn, which were interesting if somewhat off-point, here Hamilton's digressions merely seem to fill up space.  Finally, if the ending of the Naked God seemed contrived, the ending here is far worse.   Let's hope that Hamilton takes more time with his next novel.     