 Bing Crosby's reputation has not fared well in the years after his death.  His screen image of an easy-going, ordinary guy seemed to ring false, especially with the publication of a kind of "Daddy Dearest" book by one of his sons.  Moreover, his singing seemed unlikely to undergo the kind of revival of popularity that Frank Sinatra's has. Gary Giddins is out to change much of that.  He convincingly argues that Crosby was one of the key figures among American singers -- or even entertainers in general -- in the 20th century. Giddins argues that Crosby was the first to fully understand the change caused by the widespread introduction of records and to adapt his technique accordingly.   This book is extremely well researched, but Giddins is such a superb writer that he never allows the details to bog down the narrative, a fault common to academic biographers who seem to be incapable of leaving out the smallest detail about their subjects. Moreover, Giddins has extensive knowledge about popular culture of the period that allows him to put in Crosby in the perspective of his time. Crosby turns out to be a better person than many might think.  He  seems to have lacked any racial prejudice; he was a great admirer of Louis Armstrong and worked to get in him into films when black entertainers were either shunned or forced into Uncle Tom roles.  He was, if anything, excessively modest about his own abilities, giving the credit to others for his success.  He was for the most part easy to work with in the studio or on a film set, only balking when his reasonable requests were ignored.  He was generous to people he had known in the past who had fallen on hard times. Yet Giddins is careful not to ignore Crosby's faults as well.  As friendly as he could be, he did not open up to people, even those he had known for years.  His first marriage slowly turned into something of a disaster as his wife developed drinking and other mental problems.  (Several people are quoted as saying that the drinking problems were the result of helping Crosby break his own drinking problem, but I'm not sure I understand the logic of that and Giddins is no help on this point).   For all of that, Crosby comes across as an admirable person.  Perhaps this book and its successor will spur a greater interest in Crosby the singer.  Whether this happens or not, anyone interested in American entertainment in the last century will want to read this book.     