 Dean Acheson's memoir is devoted almost entirely to his service in the State Department following the end of the Second World War.  He provides almost no details about his background or private life, and covers his pre-war career in a few chapters.  This allows him to concentrate on what really matters, his history of post-war foreign relations.  Acheson truly was "Present at the Creation" in that he participated in the creation of the postwar structure designed to contain communism after Stalin installed puppet goverments in Eastern Europe.  During his tenure, he was criticized from the left for being too hawkish, and from the right as being either a communist or a communist sympathizer.  The latter charges were particularly ridiculous; Acheson had no illusions about the Soviet Union, but he also had no intention to start World War III if it could be avoided.   Some will find the details of how agreements were reached with our allies tedious.  However, these details are essential to understanding the limitations under which Acheson worked.  He rightly viewed it essential to strive to revive Western Europe, and to treat these countries as allies, not puppets.  The result of this foresight was NATO, and the decades-long consensus amoung Western Europe and the United States concerning how to deal with the Soviets.   Acheson was highly valued by Truman, and it is easy to see why.  In addition to being intelligent and experienced in foreign affairs, Acheson (like Truman) was a great believer in loyalty.  Thus, when Truman returned to Washington, Acheson was the only cabinet member to meet him at the train station, a gesture Truman never forgot.  Of course, Acheson's loyalty did cause to make some unfortunate statements, such as when he said he would not turn his back on Alger Hiss, whom he had known briefly in the State Department (Acheson knew Hiss's brother Donald much better). To use a term from the 1960s, Acheson was very much a man of the Establishment.  He went to the best schools, was a Supreme Court clerk, and was a partner in a prominent law firm when he was not working for the Government.  This background affects his prose style, which shows some degree of excessive conviction that he was almost always right, and shows no sign of self-doubt.  For all of that, I found the book quite readable, and important to anyone interested in postwar history.     